Mr Buffett dines in a steakhouse with the winner
A chance to have lunch with investor Warren Buffett has been sold for $ 1.68 m at a charity auction - 20 % down on last year 's winning bid of $ 2.1 m .
The online eBay auction saw a sudden final spurt , as in previous years , with bids rising from $ 810,000 in two hours .
The auction , in its 10th year , raises money for the Glide Foundation , which offers social services for San Francisco 's homeless and poor .
Despite the economic downturn , this year saw the second - highest bid ever .
The winner - whose name has not yet been announced - is able to take up to seven friends to have lunch with Buffett - the world 's second richest person - at Smith & Wollensky 's steakhouse in New York .
Last year 's winner , Hong - Kong based investor Zhao Danyang who runs the Pureheart China Investment Fund , had his lunch with Mr Buffett on Wednesday .
In May , Mr Buffett 's investment firm Berkshire Hathaway saw its first loss in eight years , following a badly - timed purchase of oil stocks .
The Democratic Party power structure 's least favorite ex-President
is speaking out of school again .
Jimmy Carter has some strong words
about President Obama 's decision to fight the release of thousands of
photos that reportedly show further US abuse and torture of prisoners
and has weighed in on the debate over prosecuting former Bush
administration officials for torture .
In an interview to be broadcast tonight on CNN , Carter says this about Obama 's position on the release of new torture photos :
[ M]ost of [ Obama 's ] supporters were hoping that he would be much
more open in the revelation of what we 've done in the past .
But he's
made a decision with which I really can't contend that he does n't want
to resurrect the past , he does n't want to punish those who are guilty
of perpetrating of what I consider crimes against our own laws and
against our own constitution .
And the revelation of those pictures
might very well inflame further animosity against our country causing
some harm to our soldiers , so I do n't agree with him , but I certainly
do n't criticize him for making that decision .
Regarding calls for prosecution of former Bush administration officials , Carter says :
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
I think prosecuting is too strong a word , what I would like to
see is a complete examination of what did happen , the identification of
any perpetrators of crimes against our own laws or against
international law and then after all that 's done , decide whether or not
there should be any prosecutions .
But the revelation of what did happen is what I think I would support .
At the Democratic National Convention in Denver last year , Carter was removed from a speaking position at the last minute in a move some considered to be a political snub .
“ Certainly we want to keep the pressure on , ” said the Rev. Jason J. McGuire , legislative director of New Yorkers for Constitutional Freedoms .
Mr. McGuire ’s organization is planning a rally in Albany for its supporters in June , and he added that he would continue meeting with senators in the hope of persuading them to vote against same - sex marriage .
“ We all understand  both sides of the issue  that this fight is going to continue in the State Senate , ” he said .
The Conservative Party is also applying pressure : it has threatened to strip its party affiliation and its ballot line from any politician who votes for same - sex marriage .
“ We ca n’t look the other way , ” said Michael R. Long , the party ’s chairman , who added that he had informed the Republican leaders of the Senate and the Assembly of his threat to take away the Conservative ballot line  which in some elections can mean the difference of thousands of votes  from anyone who votes yes on the bill .
“ We ’re going to work as hard as we can in the next few weeks , ” he said .
“ We intend to do everything we can possible with phone calls , memos , press releases , having our members call senators . ”
Despite the conservative pressure , two Republicans spoke on Tuesday about why they dropped their opposition to granting same - sex couples the right to marry .
Three Democrats who voted no in 2007 switched their votes to yes .
“ There ’s that little voice inside of you that tells you when you ’ve done something right , and when you ’ve done something wrong , ” said Fred W. Thiele Jr. , a Republican who represents the Hamptons .
“ That vote just never felt right to me .
That little voice kept gnawing away at me . ”
Looking for a tech - savvy Florida Court Reporting Service ?
Executive Reporting Service is a professional , accurate , and hassle - free agency that works hard to make your job easier .
For more than 28 years , ERS has provided the Tampa Bay legal community with convenient , professional , and on - time Florida court reporting services and litigation support .
We use state - of - the - art technology , including Realtime and LiveNote™ , in order to provide you with accurate , on - time legal transcripts .
An independently - owned business , we pride ourselves on our boutique - level service .
When you call ERS , you ’ll speak with a real person .
With some of the top court reporters in the world on - staff or on - call , we ’re the team you can count on for precision .
You and Your Client Deserve the Best Court Reporting and Deposition Services in Florida -
When you need legal video , deposition services , litigation support , conference reporting or court reporting services by Florida Court Reporters — Call ( 727 ) 823-4155 and ( 800 ) 337-7740 or Fax - ( 727 ) 822-5458
Not quite sure if it ’s the boss or the owner but the term psycho is to say at the very least apt .
Around March last year I was approached and offered a job with a creative agency , a friend I had worked with in another nuthouse recommended me .
I met with the MD – one of the most corpulent land mammals I have ever circumnavigated .
I noted that his fingers had grown so fat around his wedding ring that only a fire crew could possibly remove it .
I also met with the owner of the ‘ international group of companies ’ a tall pale worried looking man with beady eyes and an odd inverted smile , a sort Beaker from the Muppets crossed with Vlad the Impaler but with a distinctly more malicious slant .
When my wife asked after the interview , I described his demeanour as that of an aristocratic vampire .
I had my doubts about the whole thing .
Never the less they looked at my folio , loved my work and apparently raved about me the following day to my mate .
All seemed well .
Our next meeting was when they offered me the job of Creative Director , not in the UK but Dubai with a nice tax - free salary and relocation package .
A thrilling development you might think .
At that point I had never set foot outside of Europe never mind far - flung , exotic Arabia .
So they offered to fly us over for a look around and time some to make up our minds .
When we arrived they put us up in an impressive 5 star serviced apartment , whisked us around all the supposed glitz of Dubai – it ’s hard not to see things as nothing more than a haphazard building site on a steroidal scale .
But the beach club and the spacious apartments and all the other shiny things they dangled in front of us sadly had us mesmerised .
We were whirled round for a week and shown all the good bits I guess .
We ’re not greedy people my wife and I , we have a modest wee home in Scotland , I had a little sports car that I loved and we had a VW Golf for sensible purposes like moving our little boy around to and from the nursery he loved and doing the shopping .
To be fair we have never been good with money – I ’ve always been paid reasonably well but we had no savings or pension and were fast approaching 40 .
Dubai seemed like a chance to enjoy a warmer clime and maybe squirrel a bit away .
Seemed like fun too… what ’s to lose we thought .
So we discussed things , got excited and I quit my job and moved out leaving my wife to tart up our wee house with a view to selling it and getting a place in Dubai – not in the hope of making a killing on the property market but partly because we wanted to put down some roots there and more so because the rents are just crazy – 30 grand a year for a modest two bedroom apartment .
After a few weeks in my new job it became clear they had an entirely ruthless if not heartless employment policy “ one in one out ” they would sneer at management meetings .
It turned out my predecessor had been lured in , moved his family from the USA sold his house and set about his new job .
For three months it was his new job .
Then they sacked him , gave him one week ’s pay and basically told him to get lost , this was a week or so before I arrived , I had no idea at that point it was to make way for me I thought he was just a member of staff that was not performing and knew little about it .
For the first six months I was busy , doing well , winning pitches and whipping my small department into shape .
I loved the sunshine , the heat and all the strange and exotic people .
But the stories of hiring and dumping people continued – get another job you might say .
Not that easy in Dubai , aside from complicated visa issues I looked more closely at my contract .
It seemed I would have to pay back all flights freight and allowances if I left before the first year .
Allowances made up nearly a third of my total pay .
This is a hangover from when companies were expected to house expats – then the market went stupid so the law was simply changed so that an inadequate amount of money could be offered as an ‘ allowance ’ to rent a place … neat and tidy , but then things are always made neat and tidy for employers in Dubai – they even manipulate public holidays to fall on weekends .
Oh and if you take a couple of weeks off the weekends come out of your holiday allowance too … yeah , I know !
Back home my wife was struggling with builders and a spectacularly effete man who claimed to be both married ( to a woman who looked suspiciously old enough to be his mother ) and a ' professional interior designer ' but in reality was simply the worlds least handyman , cack - handed painter and bodge it decorator and raving closet queen in my humble opinion .
The items supposed to be shrouded from paint seemed to have more Apple White on them than the walls .
Holes were burned in carpets – half my tools went missing or were spattered with paint or simply broken .
After months of being apart for the first time in almost 20 years together my wife and I realised we were not going to sell the place .
The market had crashed – this at the time seemed like a massive setback .
In hindsight it is the BEST thing that ever happened to us .
Just prior to Christmas there were murmurs at a management meeting that things were not going well .
The attitude was ‘ fuck it if we have to get rid of some of them we will ’ .
I was asked to draw up a list of whom I could afford to lose from my small tight knit team who I had grown to love , and whom after recent developments and their support help and encouragement , I have realised respected me greatly .
Naturally this ' list ' was upsetting , I did n’t want to lose anyone .
We were n’t actually losing money - we had just stopped making it .
The owner is loaded but miserable , every penny is a prisoner - he does n't do cars or yachts or anything it would seem but worry about the thought of losing a few quid when he has millions .
A joyless , charmless man .
So I went to my boss and said “ listen mate , you 're just about to have my wife and child move out of our home , send all our possessions over here and rent our place out – should I be really doing this ? ”
I was confidently assured that we needed a ‘ core management team ’ to run the business and not to worry at all .
So I went home for Christmas , then packed everything up and came back to Dubai with my family on the in January .
About a week or so later I was told not to get a flat as I was up for redundancy .
They tried to cut my salary and when I refused so they whacked the rent up in the company flat to about 2 k a month ( which was of course illegal ) .
The company flat is an impersonal badly furnished halfway house intended to give new recruits a chance to find their feet .
In the end I was there ten miserable months .
So one day they dumped around a third of the workforce , just like that , having them sign papers on the spot while they were still shell shocked – papers that signed all their rights away .
They knew one bloke had just borrowed the money to pay an entire years rent - not uncommon in Dubai .
They noted he ' might be a bit pissed off ' .
I now know what ' callous ' means
It soon became apparent Dubai is a miserable place to live .
We ’re simply not meant to be there – it ’s a desert maintained by armies of Indian slaves to provide a thin veneer of greenery at catastrophic cost to the environment .
The tax - free thing in Dubai is a smoke and mirrors piece of chicanery , a lie – everything costs a fortune .
The produce in the supermarkets is generally awful and you need a licence to buy a bottle of wine from a few special shops that look like a 70 ’s illegal bookies from the outside .
Buying pork is a laugh too - they have special back shop areas that have signs ' pork - no Muslims ' you 'd think they would remember that aspect of their faith - " well bugger me ( actually that ’s out also ) if I have n’t blundered in and bought a sausage " .
You ’ll also pay 3 times the going rate in the UK for your plonk then there is 30 % municipality tax .
There are stealth taxes on many things .
In truth costs an utter fortune to live there .
Everything requires some sort of permit and they all cost money – lots of it .
It became evident that even on a decent ‘ tax - free ’ salary my wife was going to have to work .
This was not the plan – she does not keep very well and is often in a lot of pain from which she rarely complains .
Dubai also has what is basically legalised slavery – all those Indian construction workers toiling in the 45 + heat are conned into selling their land or taking loans to pay for their transit to ‘ dream jobs ’ in Dubai .
As soon as they arrive blinking in sunlight that makes India seem somewhat Scandinavian they are forced to sign new contracts in Arabic and their passports are taken – illegally of course .
They are housed in abject sewer ridden squalor ; concentration camp would not be too unfair an assessment .
It then takes on average 4 years paying back loans to the construction worker supply agencies before they even start to earn money .
They get paid a few dollars a day for 12 - hour days 6 days a week .
It is not uncommon for them to throw themselves in front of cars – if it is your car you face jail and have to pay up to 120 K in ‘ blood money ’ to their family back home in India .
Like I say truly medieval laws .
If an Emirate driver hits you , and fuck me are they bad drivers – 120 mile an hour undertaking on the hard shoulder , happens every day – however its your fault regardless – basically you are not local so you should n’t be there so the fact you are means you caused the accident .
Which of course also means jail for you .
Almost everyone in Dubai has a ‘ maid ’ this is in effect some poor Filipino girl with kids of her own back home she sees for maybe 3 weeks a year if she is lucky .
Generally a maid is on call 24 hours a day to look after unruly fat brats .
To cook , clean , shop ( if they are allowed out alone , which is very unusual ) .
They usually have tiny rooms with a bed and not much else .
They are not allowed friends or relationships of any kind and are often have a poor diet and no access to phone or Internet to contact their family .
One local looked appalled when she told me her maid had asked to use the computer to mail her family “ I mean I give her 1 day off a month and her own shampoo ” was her response .
Taxi drivers are in the same boat – most work 12 - hour shifts 7 days a week to send home money to families they see for a few weeks a year .
As a result they are tired and cranky – they drive like nutters as they are paid by mileage not meter time .
So we lived under constant pressure for months with the ever present threat of redundancy , then on one day I was told all was well and to get a place of my own .
Shortly afterwards they then moved a well meaning but very loud brash young lad into the flat from the UK .
This is illegal in Dubai .
You ca n’t share a flat in Dubai with someone who is not a blood relative – my wife could have been carted off for adultery or I could have been accused of homosexuality – both hugely illegal .
The laws in Dubai are from the dark ages .
So we were even further encouraged to find a place .
We found a lovely little villa , which due to the property crash was now just within our reach .
As I did n’t have a chequebook I asked my boss for a company cheque for the deposit and to deduct it from my salary – “ no problem mate , we ’re here to help ” .
We were so excited – our own place at last after almost a year of living either apart or in some crappy halfway house .
We unpacked all our stuff that had been in storage for months ( at no small cost ) .
Aside from our TV , hi- fi , books , DVD ’s furniture and all the little personal items you accrue over 20 years we also had all our little boys toys , a small mountain of them , it seemed half of the 80 odd boxes unpacked were marked ‘ toys ’ .
He had n’t seen them for six months .
Some were still wrapped as Christmas presents .
He was over the moon running around with Woody from Toy Story and it seemed the entire ‘ cast ’ of Disney Pixar 's ' Cars ' .
For the first time in almost a year we felt like a family together at home again .
My wife bumped into the owner in the café downstairs from my office “ Hi !
How are you , how are you settling ” in he beamed .
Two days later I was called into the boardroom “ Bad news .
We ’re laying you off , the company is going in a different direction , we ’ll pay for your freight back and your flights and give you a months notice - sign this ” My mouth went dry my throat closed over .
I was thought I was going to choke .
“ But I have just moved into a villa – you know that you helped us !
I ’ve just got all our stuff out of storage ”
To say I was gripped with utter panic would be an understatement .
I was close to tears but was too flooded with adrenalin , my fingers went numb and I started to shake .
They just shrugged .
“ It ’s a business decision , that ’s it , you can leave today , we want your phone and laptop now ” I was told the decision had only been made the previous evening .
UTTER BULLSHIT .
It turned out they had some other person to take my place ( as is their way ) and that the whole moving the bloke into the flat was to force us out , the help to get our own place made it easier to dump us .
You ca n’t just evict a family from company accommodation easily – not even in Dubai .
However employment law is very erratic and staggeringly vague .
To be perfectly honest there are no real binding laws – the head bloke wakes up in the morning waves his arm and there you are , a new law .
As Tommy would say : “ Just like that ” .
So after not even ONE week in our new villa after almost a year in their crap flat and half our stuff still in boxes , except of course all our wee boys toys , and all my big boys toys – home cinema system set up , PS3 , broadband and cable hooked up all that palaver .
There we were having the same movers pack it all up again less than a week later .
All 97 itemised boxes .
The following day I went to sign the final severance papers – I knew I was due three months compensation but did not have the money or the time to fight this through the courts .
So I simply expected a month ’s salary and our flights and freight home .
The legal system in Dubai is patchy and disorganised to say the least , there is also a lot of ‘ who you know ’ going on it can take months to resolve a case and visas run out after 30 days unemployment .
We have a friend who is an employment lawyer out there .
It work ’s like this : when you lose your job the employer is legally required to inform your bank .
As soon as that happens they freeze your account and call in all loans credit cards mortgages etc .
Pay us the lot right now !
If you ca n’t its simple – you go to straight to jail .
Since January 2009 over 4000 cars have been dumped at Dubai airport as a result of this policyI was told if I wanted my money I would have to surrender our passports so the Visas could be cancelled – ‘ should take around 3 days ’ I was told .
This is not how it is supposed to work .
It ’s final payment ; then Visa cancelled .
They gave me a cheque for the cost of the freight and said they would book one - way tickets for my wife and child but I had to stay .
They told me that they would also be informing the bank immediately - which would me a major problem for me .
Basically they stiffed me on my last months pay and engineered it so that I would have no choice but to run .
We got on a plane the following morning at our own cost – or should I say at our father in laws cost .
When we arrived home we checked on the progress of our freight .
The bastards had tried to get the cheque back so our goods would not get home .
They made all sorts of threats even calling the police .
Thankfully the freight company have seen this before and could see what they were up to and calmly told them - ' do what you like we have lawyers ' too and cashed the cheque .
Because they do n't trust each other cheques are as good as cash in the UAE – they have to be , the whole system is so dodgy .
But aside from the cost of few grand to return all our wordly possessions to us considering what they owe me - how this benefited them other than sheer malice remains a mystery .
After a week of sheer panic and misery we were told the goods were on a boat on their way back to us .
But aside from compensation i am still I am owed a month ’s salary - about 6 or 7 grand UK terms .
This is a HUGE amount over here that would keep us going for a good while and get us back on our feet .
In Dubai we struggled to live off that each month and pay rent .
Seriously - it ’s that expensive .
So here we are back ‘ home ’ with a few suitcases , 500 quid , camped out in a tiny room in my father in laws .
We ’re already at each other ’s throats .
The chances of me seeing my severance pay are as likely as seeing human decency in Dubai .
I ’ve emailed the boss and pretty much begged for my cash .
It would seem silence means ‘ get fucked ’ .
Aside from the fact I need the money to look after my family I cant get over being burned like this – particularly in such a calculated and cruel manner .
I have found out they have done this to around 20 or more people in 3 years - I am good at my job .
I have 16 years experience and have produced award - winning work for major brands , chances are you have seen some of it - these guys do n’t have a clue so just keep changing staff in the hope it will cover up their hopeless management .
What have I learned from this ?
Never live in autocracy .
Never visit the UAE .
At any point you could be in jail .
Poppy seed bagel stories may be urban legend , but a woman was jailed then deported merely on the unsubstantiated accusation of adultery by her husband just a few weeks ago .
She will never see her 3 young children again .
Just because her husband accused her , no evidence just his word and a few concocted emails .
Read your contract .
Then read it AGAIN .
I have been told the owner of the company actually enjoys sacking people – he gets a kick out of it .
Apparently he has a particular tie he wears for such occasions .
Given the chance I would cheerfully choke the bastard with it .
Lets say for now the company is called ' Ominous ' – if some poor sod searches for their site and stumbles upon my tale then at least it might prevent more lives being ruined .
Even if we could afford to move back into our home we cant – the family that rent it are just about to have a child – I do n’t have the heart to evict them . ( , Mon 22 Jun 2009 , 16:47 , 32 replies
LIDONG VILLAGE , China ( Reuters ) - China has declared an emergency over a drought which could damage the important wheat crop , threatening further hardship for farmers amid slumping economic growth .
A shepherd watches over his flock of goats and sheep on a drought - ridden field near the village of Houyan , located around 400 kilometres ( 248 miles ) south of Beijing February 5 , 2009 .
REUTERS / David Gray
The dry winter gripping parts of central and northern China has sent Zhengzhou wheat futures up 5 percent this week but physical prices have not moved , with most investors confident the country ’s reserves and last year ’s big harvest can offset any fall in wheat production this spring .
The drought could hurt farmers in Henan , Anhui and Shandong , where many have lost factory and construction jobs after China ’s growth faltered in late 2008 .
“ This winter there was no snow , no rain .
That ’s not good for the wheat , ” said Zhao Mifen .
Zhao and her husband farm one - fifth of a hectare in the flat plains near Xingtai , in southern Hebei Province , and supplement their income making construction materials .
The national Office of State Flood Control and Drought Relief this week declared a “ level 2 ” emergency , warning of a “ severe drought rarely seen in history , ” the People ’s Daily reported .
The absence of rain or snow since November has affected 9.5 million ha of farmland -- 37,000 square miles , or 43 percent of the winter wheat sources , the China Daily reported .
In the hardest - hit areas , in Henan and Anhui , output of winter wheat , which is harvested in May , could be reduced by one - fifth , agricultural analyst Ma Wenfeng told the China Daily .
Overall , output from major wheat - growing areas could be cut by 2 to 5 percent , Ma estimated .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
IRRIGATION
Chinese culture originated in the flat central plains , where for millenia farmers and rulers have wrestled the rivers to control flooding and irrigate the dry fields .
This time , the central government has mobilized drought relief funds and irrigation assistance , even as a downturn in the export sector raises worries that farming communities will suffer from a drop in remittances from migrant workers .
Local officials must make “ fighting the drought and protecting seedlings a major task ” and expand irrigation coverage said Zhang Zhitong , deputy chief of the drought relief office .
Sun Tongling said his wheat crop was about normal , as he opened an irrigation channel into his crops near Lidong village .
“ It ’s true that it ’s been dry this winter with no snow .
We wo n’t really know until March if there has been any damage . ”
Almost 40 percent of drought - hit wheat areas in seven provinces had been irrigated , the Agriculture Ministry said .
Many more farmers who order their lives by the lunar calendar will wait until after the Lantern Festival on Monday to begin irrigating and fertilizing their fields .
“ You can see the wheat is a bit yellow already , but we ’re not allowed to irrigate here until after the Lantern Festival , ” said Wang Baoxi , who was building a house near his fields in Houyan village , in the foothills west of Xingtai .
“ The wells are low but there ’s plenty of water in the reservoir . ”
Use Fleshlight coupons picked by Oversharers social media team to get better experience you 're deserve !
Helping people to save their money is our aspiration and this service - is a result of it .
Discounted Fleshlight Products and Deals of The Month
The company sells not only masturbators , but also various intimate toys for men .
In the assortment , there are several hundred products for adults that have excellent quality and unusual design .
Prices for goods are different ; you can find models from the category of premium , as well as items with affordable prices .
If you want to know more about the masturbator of this brand , then there are three main models that are in great demand among buyers from around the world .
Fleshlight Flight
Black model in a smooth plastic case will give you a lot of pleasure .
This toy has a simple anus and texture without any additions .
Such masturbator is more popular , due to the classic design and excellent delicate material .
This product is available for sale in two colors : in black and transparent ( silver ) .
Many buyers like to watch the process of getting pleasure , so they prefer to buy transparent models .
Stamina Training Unit ( STU ) Pack
This toy looks very realistic ; it is made in the form of a vagina with an average size of the genital lips .
Many users buy this particular model , because there is an excellent value for price and quality here .
The trunk of Stamina Training Unit Fleshlight has a golden color , and the inlet is pink ( the color of natural skin ) .
The internal texture has pimples for maximum stimulation of the penis .
This product has been in the top for several years , so it can be called one of the most popular .
In the box , there is a set with care goods , lubricant , housing , cover and a removable module with a sleeve .
Fleshlight Ice
The transparent toy for adults looks very cool , it is made from smooth cyberskin for maximum satisfaction .
Such a masturbator will be a great solution for an incredible orgasm .
The body is made of transparent durable plastic , and the sleeve and the inner part of transparent delicate cyberskin .
The product is very pleasant to use and it has a unique feature - you will be able to see how the process goes and it is very exciting .
Some items may have a more matte color , not completely transparent .
The inner texture is a bit narrower in the middle .
These products are the most popular , but there are some very unusual models .
They also deserve special attention , because of their unique characteristics that distinguish them from items of this type .
These are not just masturbators , they are unique devices for incredible pleasure .
Shower Mount
This is a unique model , because it is designed for pleasure in the soul .
If you decide to relax and get a great orgasm , then take this masturbator .
Its difference from other items is a special mount on the end of the case that allows you to attach the product to the wall .
Thus , you can insert your sexual organ and not to hold the masturbator with your hands .
It may not be just a shower .
The case has a rotating retainer ( suction cup ) , which can be attached to any flat surface .
Fleshlight Launch
This is a super - modern module to activate your toy , you do not need to move it up and down - now this works is given to this device .
You need to download an application for your smartphone to set up this gadget .
Then take your masturbator and stick inside the device , scrolling until it clicks .
Charge the device through the wire and establish a connection with your phone .
This novelty allows you to change the speed and types of stimulation of the penis ; you only need to keep the module on it .
It is very cool and does not require your intervention - just have pleasure .
This gadget needs charging from the power supply .
Why you should buy Fleshlight products ?
Women have long used such toys for self - satisfaction , and now men can also get a great orgasm .
Silicone structure allows you to make the sensations as real as possible , it can be compared with the female vagina .
Do not forget to keep your Fleshlight under warm water for a minute .
This will make the inlet and the inside part warmer and more pleasant .
Women can be capricious and you can not always get sex .
This product will always satisfy your erotic desires .
A variety of internal textures make the fun more exciting .
Not every man is able to get such orgasm with a real woman .
Many men need a certain speed and pace to stimulate their penic , but they can not say about it to woman during sex .
The toy will move as you want .
Comfortable shape with a lid does not look like a toy to enjoy .
You can carry it in your backpack and no one will think that this flashlight is designed for games .
Such products do not cost a lot of money .
You can find a great model of masturbator for 60 - 70 dollars .
If you find a coupon on the Internet , take it with a discount !
If you have problems with premature ejaculation , then this product will help you to solve it .
The inner structure of the toy will train your nerve endings on the penis .
If you have a problem with communication with women and you are ashamed of the fact that you like men – this toy will be your reliable friend .
Everyone has the right to receive real pleasure and not be judged for his preferences .
Fleshlight says no to constraint and modesty !
The company Fleshlight creates unique branded intimate toys for masturbation .
This manufacturer produces high - quality products from the best anti-allergenic materials that do not cause irritation and do not cause harm .
The brand also produces other adult goods , accessories , toys for men , women and couples , as well as food care products .
Fleshlight accepts ordering goods online and offers various payment methods .
Here you can arrange delivery to any country in the world , because the company cooperates with various courier services .
The price category for all items is fairly acceptable , and the quality is on the top .
It has become popular thanks to unique toys in the form of a flashlight with an internal silicone insert .
These models have become quite popular , as they have more than a hundred different textures and some types are made from a three - dimensional maquette of the vagina of different actresses .
Use Fleshlight Discount Codes To Get More Value
Fleshlight cares about customers , so it offers various deals .
Thus , buyers will be able to purchase goods at lower prices .
On the company 's website , you can find models with a special offer ; you can also find coupons for the purchase of various masturbators .
There are special sites where you can take coupon code for the purchase of goods here – it would be great discount .
There were unique promotions where a customer could buy two products and get a third one for free .
This action was for the sleeves of masturbators ( and it still active ! ) .
Many companies offer loyalty programs and social media bonus oversharing systems .
You can accumulate points from each purchase on their sites or save points .
You can invite your friends and get nice bonuses from their purchases .
Each dollar spent by you turns into several parts of one point , save it and you can use points for the next purchases .
Discount code do not apply to a set of bonuses .
The intimate toy from this company of the same name is a device for masturbation , it is portable , durable and pleasant inside .
Outside , the device looks like a flashlight , and inside there is a special insert that simulates the vagina .
These goods have a patented inside , so it has a high level of quality and does not cause allergies .
Such toys allow you to get maximum pleasure , so the user gets a wonderful orgasm .
Many men can not experience orgasm and they need good and proper stimulation , Fleshlight will help in this matter .
The company creates different textures for a man to experience new pleasures every time .
Also Fleshlight can be made in the form of the vagina of famous actresses , the company cooperates with many of them and received official permission to create a copy of their vaginas .
These products have many advantages , if we do not speak only about design and quality .
Affordable pricing is also a significant argument .
Now this device is the most popular network in the industry , a lot of positive reviews and a high level of purchases speak about it .
These models may have different designs , not only in the form of a vagina , but also in the form of a mouth or anus .
There are also certain items for men who prefer to have contact with men rather than women .
Such products are called Fleshjack .
The Advantages of Fleshlight Products
It has a low maintenance cost if we compare Fleshlight with other intimate toys .
It will save you money .
if we compare Fleshlight with other intimate toys .
It will save you money .
Elastic , but gentle material inside perfectly imitates the present smooth and warm female vagina or anus .
inside perfectly imitates the present smooth and warm female vagina or anus .
The toy will serve you for years ; do not forget about properly care of your masturbator .
This is a great purchase that will be used more than once ( not annoying ) .
; do not forget about properly care of your masturbator .
This is a great purchase that will be used more than once ( not annoying ) .
Care is very simple ; you do not need to buy many different special means for cleaning and washing .
Everything is very easy .
; you do not need to buy many different special means for cleaning and washing .
Everything is very easy .
Reasonable price and the opportunity to get a discount or accumulate points .
and the opportunity to get a discount or accumulate points .
Large selection of textures , sleeves and body colors .
It can be called an individual approach to the desires and sexual preferences of each client .
, sleeves and body colors .
It can be called an individual approach to the desires and sexual preferences of each client .
It is possible to buy a portable module that will move the masturbator for you .
The module has different modes and different speeds ; it works from synchronization with your smartphone .
Sleeves and Textures
The sleeves of this masturbator are of certain types : for different tastes , shapes and sizes .
The sleeves have a wider shape at the beginning , so that it is firmly attached to the body .
They can be textured and non-textured - this is for the choice of the buyer and his personal preferences .
Also Fleshlight intimate toy can have a different appearance of the hole : for vaginal , anal and oral sex .
This device can look very realistic , but can also have a rather creepy design ( mouth with fangs ) .
Specialists of the company will not be able to recommend you a certain design , because each of us has our own erotic desires and preferences .
The texture of this toy can also be different ; there are almost 72 different forms .
Such type is the design of the masturbator inside , it can be light waves , pimples , small soft obstacles , a tortuous shape , different patterns and so on .
Such kind allows you to make more stimulation of the sexual organ , which results in an excellent orgasm .
In this case , the shape of the labia for the female vagina may also differ .
The color of this toy can be different , from the natural light to the imitation of the vagina of a black woman .
If the device is made in the form of an intimate hole of actress , then the Fleshlight texture will be more real in anatomical form .
A Few Words About Material
To create the inside part of this toy , the company uses quality cyberskin .
It looks very natural and has a gentle structure .
Such material allows you to make the sensations very realistic .
The upper part , which is the basis of this device , is durable plastic with the addition of other materials for stability .
Cyberskin allows you to make a toy tender to touch ; it will lead you to an incredible orgasm .
Do not be afraid to use Fleshlight , the material is resistant to high temperatures and does not cause allergies .
Cyberskin is the best material for intimate toys , so this company chose it for such products .
On top of the inlet , there is a special plastic cover to protect the device from dust inside the texture .
How to Use a Fleshlight ?
Perhaps you would think that the answer to this question will be quite clear and simple , but it is not .
Like any device for pleasure , this product needs special preparation for use .
It is important that you do not harm your penis or get it irritated .
There is a small recommendation on the use of this stunning intimate toy .
First remove the inside part of the device from the plastic case and wash it with very warm water ( about a minute ) .
This is necessary in order to heat the subject for a more pleasant use .
Remove the remaining water by shaking off the masturbator several times .
Then place the soft insert back into the case .
Take a lubricant gel and put it on the rim of the hole on the toy and on your penis .
Then slowly insert the penis inside the device so that the lubricant spreads over the entire surface and goes inside the texture .
Enjoy the incredible sensations .
How to care ?
Any intimate toy needs attentive care and this masturbator is no exception .
It will allow you to extend the life of the product and get pleasure without fear .
There are a few simple steps that will allow you to quickly clean a toy after use .
Next time you will only need to heat it under running warm water and use a lubricant .
Remove the sleeve from the body and turn it inside out .
Wash all folds of the texture with warm water or using a special cleaning agent .
Then you need to dry the product with a towel .
Take baby powder or a special remedy to keep the toy completely dry .
Use a special anti-bacterial spray to prevent the growth of germs on the surface .
Buying Guide
This realistic intimate toy can have different forms of openings for sex .
Such items are a common commodity among men who want to have fun at any time convenient for them .
Like any other models , it has some useful tips so that the customer can make the right choice .
The product seems very simple , but the tips will help you to choose a perfect masturbator for incredible enjoyment .
Material .
Most often , such products are made from cyberskin .
Many people call it silicone , but it is a more modernized version , so that the pleasure was the best .
Cheaper models , most often , forgeries are made of lower - quality rubber , but it can lead to the appearance of bacteria and irritation .
Design .
Every customer looks at his personal preferences .
More unusual textures are created as an experimental variant .
But there are models of masturbators with a more natural inside part ( even ) .
If you want to try a new type of enjoyment , then choose a texture with a lot of different grooves or gaps .
Additions .
The company has developed a unique portable module , which is an addition to the usual Fleshlight masturbator .
This device allows you to free your hands , that is , it makes all the movements of the toy for you .
You only need to keep this module on your penis ; all movements and speeds are regulated through the app on your smartphone .
Packaging .
No need to worry - all products are carefully packed in their own boxes for sale .
If you want to arrange delivery , the toy in the box will be put in another box for transportation .
Price .
Many models can cost up to $ 100 .
If you have a coupon , then you can get a discount of up to 20 % .
Cumulative bonus system also allows you to get a lower price .
There are more expensive models from 100 dollars and above .
A portable module is also not very expensive .
Each Fleshlight toy needs extra care and lubrication ( if it is not in the kit ) .
These toys are in great demand every day ; because many men want to have satisfaction but still did not find pair or have some problems .
There are also married couples who complement their intimate life with such device and this helps them to get a new type of pleasure .
These are common goods that are sold all over the world .
The main thing is to make the right choice and buy a good quality model in order to feel erotic desirable amazing emotions .
See also :
Should We Save Our Supply of Tamiflu ?
Marc Lipsitch , an epidemiologist at Harvard , argues that we should not be using up our supply of Tamiflu , the leading anti influenza - virus drug .
The medication is not a vaccine – it can be given to people after they fall ill .
( Ohio , Illinois , New Jersey and Kansas have apparently called out the National Guard to protect Tamiflu stocks .
The CDC says we have 50 million courses Tamiflu and other drugs in hand , while the states and the Department of Defense have tens of millions of additional doses . )
Lipsitch argues that viruses learn very quickly to adapt to medications , and if the drug is used too widely too soon , we could end up losing the most potent weapon in our arsenal .
Using second line treatments for patients , Lipsitch says , can conserve Tamiflu for when it might be essential .
If a virus develops immunity to the drug , it could harm patients not only this time around but the next time the virus comes calling .
But what makes public health sense may not make clinical sense .
Can you imagine being one of the people sick with swine flu right now and being told by your doctors that they can’t give you the best treatment available because they have to hold it in reserve for when other people get sick ?
( CNN ) -- Iranian protesters have found a new outlet to mobilize and take action .
The presidential election has proved how much opposition supporters can demand change without necessarily taking to the streets .
Just give them a computer and an Internet connection and watch what they can do .
Supporters of defeated Iranian presidential candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi protest in Tehran on June 13 , 2009 .
more photos »
At the height of the protests and disorder in Tehran on Saturday and Sunday , Twitter was used to give graphic accounts to a worldwide audience - even if they were a maximum of 140 characters .
Tweets from " Change for Iran " were among several that offered real time updates : " ... my friend saying more than 100 students arrested , I can't confirm this but the numbers are high .
bastards just attacked us for no reason , I lost count of how much tear gas they launched at us ! ... we have now some students with urgent need of medical attention I 'm calling out to all ppl who can come here do n't leave us . "
Some Iranians are already veterans on social networking sites with loyal followings .
They offer the world a unique voice : free , unfiltered and very different from what the Islamic Republic of Iran 's media propaganda offers viewers and readers .
Internet service is available in Iran but it is still in its infancy .
Available in homes , on hand - held devices and in select cafes , the Internet is slow and unreliable at times , says blogger and aspiring journalist Ali from Tehran , a supporter of opposition leader Mir Hossein Mossavi .
This makes services such as Skype almost impossible to operate .
Watch the role technology has had in the election »
Still , it provides users with an outlet to the outside world as the country waits for broadband and wider wireless coverage .
With the absence of text messaging and mobile services -- both were cut off across the country on and around election day and were still blocked on Sunday -- Twitter proved to be the most reliable communication technique between people inside Iran and millions of others on the outside thirsty for any update .
Twitter has enabled people to express to the world their hopes for the elections , excitement at the chance of exercising their right to vote , jubilation in President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's camp and shock and disappointment among Mossavi 's supporters .
Now they 're keeping the Twitterverse ablaze with information about Moussavi , his challenge to the election results and his intent to request their annulment .
Moussavi 's supporters comfortably outnumber Ahmadinejad 's on Twitter but both are represented .
Facebook is also very popular in Iran , says Ali .
He wholeheartedly believes that Facebook was the reason behind what he describes as a successful campaign by President Ahmadinejad 's main rival .
Ali says Moussavi campaign managers organized supporters , planned gatherings and garnered support through Facebook pages dedicated to the Reformist candidate .
" His Facebook page got huge amount of fans on it , pictures spread extremely fast , " says Ali .
It was used on Saturday and Sunday to organize and announce street protests , to send out warnings about police activity , but especially to keep followers abreast of his whereabouts .
They were the first to talk about his forced house arrest .
President Ahmadinejad also jumped on the social networking bandwagon ahead of the race .
However , his popularity there pales in comparison to that of Moussavi .
Both candidates ' pages remain a main source of information for updates and breaking news .
In fact we 've seen many cases of news breaking on Facebook first while confirmation came later , including Moussavi 's house arrest and Ahmadinejad 's planned addresses .
According to Iranian bloggers , website filtering falls under the oversight of the Intelligence Ministry in conjunction with the Ministry of Information and Iran 's judiciary .
Bloggers complain that at times the ministry filters words like " violence , " " unrest " and " democracy . "
Recently ,
Ali believes the censors were filtering content based on a candidate 's name .
Moussavi supporters claim filtering particularly targeted their candidate after his popularity soared and authorities feared he would pose a serious challenge to Ahmadinejad .
Another challenge for Iranians comes from the U.S. Because of its sanctions against Iran , some services like video conversations are not allowed .
So , it 's a tap dance sometimes to figure out the best way to talk to someone in Iran .
People do n't like to use landlines or mobile phones for fear of their calls being traced .
They do n't like e-mails as they can leave a trace .
They do however feel comfortable with services like Google Talk .
They find it safe , as no one can see what they look like and with common Iranian first names like " Ali " and " Shahrzad " , as my main contacts are named , they find a way to communicate with the world as few Iranians have done before .
All About Mahmoud Ahmadinejad • Iran • Mir Hossein Moussavi • Ayatollah Ali Khamenei
Update :
You can now buy vadouvan at places like Amazon and The Spice House ( where they are actually using my Red Lentil Soup recipe without permission , ahem . )
It will probably be stronger than my homemade version , so if you use packaged vadouvan , start off with a third of the amounts listed in the recipes below and add more to taste .
You may not have heard of vadouvan , but I ’m predicting it will be the next trendy ingredient .
It ’s been popping up on restaurant menus a lot lately and caused a bit of web chatter when Ruth Reichl , editor of Gourmet , mentioned trying it a few months ago , but now that Gourmet has published a recipe for it in this month ’s issue–as well as on its site –I ’m sure that soon everyone will be making this formerly hard to procure seasoning .
So what is it , and is there any reason other than trendiness to try it ?
The short answers are 1 ) a Frenchified version of a south Indian seasoning and 2 ) Yes .
According to Gourmet , vadouvan originated around the French settlement of Pondicherry in southern India .
It appears to me to be a version of the Tamil Nadu seasoning vadagam or vadakam , which is made by combining onions , dal , cumin , curry leaves , and other spices , shaping the mixture into balls , and drying them in the sun to be stored for later use .
In the Gourmet version , shallots are added to the mixture , which is roasted in the oven until practically dry , giving it a deep , smoky taste .
Since , as you know , I ’m crazy for anything smoky or cuminy , I just had to try this recipe .
It took a while , and it required me to heat up my oven and to hover nearby for frequent stirrings .
And once I made it , my kitchen smelled like onion and curry for days , though perhaps turning on a vent fan would have helped , something I realized after the fact .
But now that I ’ve got it made and safely stashed in my freezer , I ’m thrilled that I ’ll be able to add this savory , oniony , lightly - curry - scented flavor to anything quickly and easily with just a couple of tablespoonfuls .
Of course I adapted the recipe .
The original made twice as much , and I was unwilling to commit so many pounds of shallots and onions to an untried recipe .
It also called for frying in oil , though not a huge amount considering how much it makes , but I wanted to be able to add the seasoning freely without worrying about how much added fat it contained , so I reduced the oil to just a few quick sprays to keep it from sticking or burning .
I altered the ingredient amounts just a little , adding a touch more cumin and mustard seed just because I like them .
And finally , I used fresh hot chile peppers because I ’ve got more of them than I can use in my garden .
Print 5 from 3 votes Add to Recipe BoxGo to Recipe Box Vadouvan Prep Time 20 minutes Cook Time 2 hours Total Time 2 hours 20 minutes Servings 1 cups Author Susan Voisin Ingredients 3 small hot chili peppers or 1/2 tsp. red pepper flakes 3 small hot chili peppers or 1/2 tsp. red pepper flakes
8 cloves garlic peeled 8 cloves garlic peeled
2 large onions about 1 pound , peeled and cut into eighths 2 large onions about 1 pound , peeled and cut into eighths
1/2 pound shallots peeled and halved 1/2 pound shallots peeled and halved
1/2 teaspoon ground fenugreek or whole fenugreek ground in coffee mill 1 / 2 teaspoon ground fenugreek or whole fenugreek ground in coffee mill
1/2 tablespoon curry leaves thinly sliced ( optional ) 1/2 tablespoon curry leaves thinly sliced ( optional )
2 teaspoons cumin 2 teaspoons cumin
1 teaspoon mustard seed 1 teaspoon mustard seed
1/2 teaspoon turmeric 1/2 teaspoon turmeric
1/4 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg 1/ 4 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg
1/8 teaspoon ground cloves 1/8 teaspoon ground cloves
1/2 tablespoon salt 1/2 tablespoon salt
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper 1/ 2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper Instructions Remove the stems from the peppers , place them in a food processor with the garlic , and process until minced .
Add half of the onions and pulse to chop coarsely .
Remove from the processor and repeat with remaining onions and shallots until all are coarsely chopped .
Spray a large skillet with canola oil and heat on medium - high .
Add the chopped vegetables .
( Turn your face away as you do this because the fumes will cause you to tear up ! )
Reduce heat to medium and cook , stirring often and scraping the bottom , until onions begin to brown , about 15 - 20 minutes .
Add all remaining ingredients and stir well .
Preheat oven to 350 .
Cover a 4 - sided baking pan with parchment paper , spray the paper lightly with canola oil , and transfer the onion mixture to it , spreading it out as thinly as possible :
Spray the top of the mixture lightly with canola oil .
Bake until browned and most moisture is gone , 1 to 1 1/ 4 hours , stirring regularly to break up the onions as best you can .
Be careful not to burn !
Cool , break up any large clumps , and store in the refrigerator up to one month or the freezer up to six months .
Nutrition Facts Vadouvan Amount Per Serving ( 1 recipe ) Calories 386 Calories from Fat 27 % Daily Value * Fat 3g 5 % Sodium 3255 mg 142 % Carbohydrates 84g 28 % Fiber 8g 33 % Protein 15g 30 % * Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet .
Tried this recipe ?
Post a photo to Instagram and tag @susanffvk
I did n’t want to give you this long - cooking recipe without also showing you a couple of ways to use it .
For my first use of vadouvan , I went with something simple , something that adapts easily to different seasonings , something using Indian ingredients , and something my family always likes : red lentil soup .
Cooking the lentils with vadouvan gave them an indescribably smoky , sensual flavor .
The curry flavor is there , in the background , but the pungency of the roasted onions and shallots wins out .
It was a taste that my whole family loved .
Print 5 from 3 votes Add to Recipe BoxGo to Recipe Box Red Lentil Soup with Vadouvan Prep Time 10 minutes Cook Time 45 minutes Total Time 55 minutes Servings 4 large servings Author Susan Voisin Ingredients 1/2 teaspoon cumin seed 1/2 teaspoon cumin seed
1/2 teaspoon mustard seed 1/2 teaspoon mustard seed
1 onion chopped 1 onion chopped
1 1/2 cups masoor dal or small red lentils picked over and rinsed 1 1/ 2 cups masoor dal or small red lentils picked over and rinsed
4 cups water 4 cups water
1/3 cup Vadouvan ( start with 1 tbsp. of packaged vadouvan or curry powder ) 1/3 cup Vadouvan ( start with 1 tbsp. of packaged vadouvan or curry powder )
2 cloves garlic minced 2 cloves garlic minced
1/2 teaspoon coriander 1/2 teaspoon coriander
1 15 ounce can diced tomatoes I used fire - roasted 1 15 ounce can diced tomatoes I used fire - roasted
3 - 4 cups baby spinach 3 - 4 cups baby spinach Instructions
Heat a large saucepan over high heat .
When hot , add the cumin and mustard seed ; cook for 1 minute or until seeds begin to pop .
Immediately add the onion and saute for 3 minutes .
Add the lentils , water , vadouvan , garlic , and coriander .
Bring to a boil , reduce heat , and cook , covered , until lentils are completely soft , about 20 minutes .
Add the tomatoes and salt to taste .
Simmer , uncovered , adding more water if necessary , for about 20 minutes .
Just before serving , stir in the spinach and cook just until wilted but still bright green .
Nutrition Facts Red Lentil Soup with Vadouvan Amount Per Serving ( 1 serving ) Calories 306 Calories from Fat 9 % Daily Value * Fat 1g 2 % Sodium 372mg 16 % Carbohydrates 54g 18 % Fiber 25g 104 % Protein 23g 46 % * Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet .
Tried this recipe ?
Post a photo to Instagram and tag @susanffvk
The vadouvan - cashew cream sauce in the recipe below may be the single greatest reason you should take the time to whip up a batch of vadouvan .
I made this for lunch today , eating two of the four servings , and I could easily go back and eat the whole batch .
The sauce makes the recipe and would be wonderful on tofu , tempeh , seitan , baked potatoes –anywhere you want a rich , oniony , almost meaty taste .
Someday soon I ’m going to be simmering chunks of tofu and sliced mushrooms in this sauce and serving it over rice .
Print 5 from 3 votes Add to Recipe BoxGo to Recipe Box Grilled Eggplant with Vadouvan - Cashew Cream Sauce I used small white eggplants from my garden , but any kind of small eggplant will do .
Prep Time 15 minutes Cook Time 25 minutes Total Time 40 minutes Servings 4 Author Susan Voisin Ingredients 2 small eggplants 2 small eggplants
2/3 cup plain soy milk or other non-dairy milk 2/3 cup plain soy milk or other non-dairy milk
1/2 tablespoon nutritional yeast 1/2 tablespoon nutritional yeast
1 tablespoon cashews 1 tablespoon cashews
1 tablespoon Vadouvan ( start with 1 tsp. of packaged vadouvan or curry powder ) 1 tablespoon Vadouvan ( start with 1 tsp. of packaged vadouvan or curry powder )
1 large tomato 1 large tomato
1/2 small green chile seeds removed and minced 1 / 2 small green chile seeds removed and minced
1 clove garlic minced 1 clove garlic minced
1/2 teaspoon white balsamic vinegar 1/2 teaspoon white balsamic vinegar
salt and pepper salt and pepper Instructions
Cut off the tops and bottoms of the eggplants and slice them into 1/2 - inch slices .
If you like , you may salt the eggplants and allow them to " weep " for half an hour before rinsing and proceeding with the recipe ; I did not bother with this . )
Sprinkle with salt and pepper , and cook on a well - oiled grill pan until browned on both sides and soft in the middle .
( You may also broil or bake the eggplant . )
While the eggplants are cooking , make the sauce by blending the soymilk , nutritional yeast , cashews , and vadouvan in a small blender .
Pour into a saucepan , add salt to taste , and bring to a boil .
Turn down to very low and keep warm until eggplants are ready .
Chop the tomato and add the garlic , chile pepper , and vinegar .
Add salt and black pepper to taste .
Assemble on appetizer plates by layering a spoonful of sauce followed by three slices of eggplant with a little sauce between each slice .
Top with the tomato mixture and enjoy .
Notes Makes 4 appetizer - sized servings .
Nutrition Facts Grilled Eggplant with Vadouvan - Cashew Cream Sauce Amount Per Serving ( 1 serving ) Calories 99 Calories from Fat 18 % Daily Value * Fat 2g 3 % Sodium 48mg 2 % Carbohydrates 18g 6 % Fiber 7g 29 % Protein 5g 10 % * Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet .
Tried this recipe ?
Post a photo to Instagram and tag @susanffvk
More vadouvan goodness :
Vendaya Keerai - Kathrikai Kaozumbu ( traditional Tamil Nadu vegetable gravy served with rice )
Cauliflower in Cast Iron Pot ( veganizable ! )
In an unexpected move , the Swedish Minister of Culture said in a speech that she 's happy with the sentences handed out to the defendants in the Pirate Bay trial .
Her comments on an ongoing court case go too far , and are probably unconstitutional according to critics .
Music industry insiders , on the other hand , cheered during her speech .
Lena Adelsohn - Liljeroth , the Swedish Minister of Culture held a speech before the Swedish Society of Popular Music Composers ( SKAP ) yesterday evening .
By itself this is not really anything unusual , but while she was speaking she also commented on the verdict in the Pirate Bay trial and the sentences handed out to the defendants .
In front of an audience of music industry insiders the Minister commented on the Pirate Bay verdict .
“ This may not be appreciated by everyone , but I was one of those who was pleased with the verdict in the Pirate Bay case , ” she said .
While some of the audience cheered after hearing the Minister ’s statement , others frowned , probably realizing that she is not supposed to give her personal opinion on an ongoing court case .
In Sweden there is a so called rule of ministers ( Ministerstyre ) which makes it unconstitutional for ministers and other members of parliament to influence individual cases handled by government agencies .
This means that Adelsohn - Liljeroth may have overstepped the line with her recent comments .
The Minister of Culture gave the speech during a dinner attended by 450 guests including copyright holders , artists and legislators .
The atmosphere , including some of the other talks , was already pretty hostile towards everything file - sharing related .
So , in a way the Minister ’s comments fitted in nicely .
However , the Minister ’s statement could have political consequences .
Marie Demker , professor of political science at University of Gothenburg told SVD in a comment , “ Since the verdict has been appealed , the process of justice is n’t concluded .
In that case , it ’s a very gray area to take side in an issue that ’s politically discussed , both with the issue of bias and as an important topic in the EU elections . ” ”
“ This will spread throughout social media and it will affect voters .
The Minister ’s comment is like an elephant stomping through a china shop , ” Demker said .
Indeed , it is not unlikely that the Swedish voters will distance themselves even more from established politicians such as Adelsohn - Liljeroth , which may benefit the Pirate Party ’s march towards Brussels .
Do n’t confuse Audunios with Arduino in this case .
Audunios is the name of a small do - it - yourself synthesizer - kit , that was invented and constructed by tinker .
it , licenced under a open - source licence .
Some home - made tinkering can be done with that , resulting in a self - cooked synth , ready to go .
This version here was done by Denkitribe .
The linernotes on YouTube tell about this fantastic work :
I build one and plugged a stylus controller which was ripped from Gakken SX - 150 .
It works very well .
Its sound is dry and crispy , but I think it is not bad for $ 50 .
Want one ?
Do It Yourself !
Beautiful .
Here is another one , made by machinecollective :
Get all source - codes , how - to ’s and more examples at the Audunios page .
Recently by Peter Schiff : Back in the U.S.S.A .
Misguided government policies have already dealt vicious body blows to our economy , but that has n’t stopped politicians this week from launching two new kicks to the groin : a national health insurance plan and a carbon emissions regulation system called cap and trade . 
Even if these plans could achieve their desired ends , which is highly unlikely , I would have hoped Washington would refrain from throwing more monkey wrenches into the economy until it shows some signs of resurgence .
The last thing we need right now is to further encumber our economy with higher taxes and additional regulations .
The meteoric rise in health care costs , which has become an unending nightmare for U.S. businesses and consumers , is not an accident .
This painful condition has arisen from excess government involvement in the system , tax provisions that encourage the over-utilization of health insurance , and government support of an out - of - control malpractice industry .
Rather than allowing more bad policy to drive health care costs further upward , we should be looking at ways to allow market forces to rein them back in .
If left alone , the free market drives quality up and costs down .
Government programs produce the opposite result .
Despite the president ’s claim that a federal plan will bring costs down , there is no historical precedent for such faith .
Simply providing more widespread health insurance , as the Obama plan offers , is not a solution .
In fact , it will aggravate the problem .
Since consumers no longer pay for routine medical expenses out of pocket , comprehensive health insurance creates a moral hazard for both patients and doctors .
To maximize the value of the health insurance benefit ,  most workers opt for low deductibles and co-pays .
Therefore , doctors learn that their patients are not concerned with the cost of care , and so they are free to bill insurance companies at the maximum allowable rates .
Given our current tax code , the simplest way to bring down medical costs would be to fully tax health care benefits as wages and simultaneously increase the personal deduction by an amount significant enough to neutralize the effect of the tax increase .
This would do two things .
First , the uninsured would get a huge pay increase , enabling them to buy reasonably priced catastrophic policies .
Second , those currently insured could opt out of expensive employer - provided plans , trading premiums for extra wages , then buy a more economical plan .
The savings would go right into their pockets .
Crash Proof : How to Pr... Downes , John Best Price : $ 0.10 Buy New $ 8.99 ( as of 12:00 EST - Details )
The bottom line is that aggregate medical costs will never come down unless services are rationed more wisely .
Rather than being used as a pre-payment plan for routine care , insurance should only cover unpredictable , catastrophic costs .
As a comparison , homeowners often carry fire insurance , but seldom maintenance insurance .
You buy fire insurance to guard against a catastrophic loss , which is a low probability but high cost event .
As a result , fire insurance is relatively affordable , since premiums paid by all those homeowners whose houses do not burn down more than pay for the losses on those few whose houses do .
On the other hand , no one carries home maintenance insurance to pay for a clogged drain or broken garage door .
If insurance paid for the plumber visit every time a toilet overflowed , we would now have a plumbing crisis , and Congress would be looking to rein in runaway plumbing bills with national plumbing insurance .
In his press conference , President Obama claimed that government insurance would not drive private providers out of business .
This is absurd .
As the government provider will not have to produce a profit or accurately account for its contingent liabilities , it will provide insurance on an actuarially unsound basis .
With taxpayer subsidies , the government provider can run losses indefinitely .
If private insurers did this , they would either be shut down or go bankrupt .
Therefore , the cost of government - provided health insurance will not be confined to the premiums paid , but will include the taxpayers ’ bill to continually bail out the government provider .
The Little Book of Bul ... Peter D. Schiff Best Price : $ 0.05 Buy New $ 1.99 ( as of 05:25 EST - Details )
When Medicare was first proposed back in 1966 , it cost $ 3 billion per year , and the projection was for inflation - adjusted annual costs to rise to $ 12 billion by 1990 .
The actual cost in 1990 was $ 107 billion , and the 2009 estimate is a staggering $ 408 billion !
So much for government estimates on health care .
As if this were not bad enough , today the House votes on cap and trade legislation .
Disguised as an environmental bill , this proposal would merely be another gigantic tax .
The lion ’s share of the new revenue is already committed to politically connected special interests that will reap windfalls at everyone else ’s expense .
To make matters worse , the bill before Congress amounts to a blank slate , with the EPA empowered to draft the details in any manner they see fit .
If Congress is going to shoot the economy in the knee , they should at least be required to pull the trigger themselves .
 Cap and trade will do nothing to reduce pollution , yet it will drive up production costs throughout the economy — rendering us even less globally competitive that we are today .
In addition to the huge cost of paying the tax , its enforcement involves the creation of an entire new bureaucracy , the costs of which will be borne by American consumers in the form of higher prices .
Years of reckless borrowing and spending have left us in a gigantic hole .
Getting out of it requires that we make the most effective use of all available resources .
We need labor and capital to operate as efficiently as possible so we can save and produce our way back to prosperity .
Unfortunately , national health insurance and cap and trade are two steps in the wrong direction .
Rather than getting us out of this hole , they will merely cave in the walls around us .
The Best of Peter Schiff
Nearly all the residents of Koge watched as Julianna Gene and Kopaku Konia were dragged from their homes , to be hung from trees and tortured for several hours with bush knives .
No one came forward to help .
In the eyes of the villagers , the women were witches .
They deserved to die .
" They used their powers to bewitch a man to death , " said Kingsley Sinemane , a community leader .
" We had to get rid of them , as they could have killed others .
We had to protect our village . "
The finger of suspicion fell on the women after a local man died in a car accident .
The only sign now of the horror that unfolded in this remote Papua New Guinea village is a black , charred clearing where some dozen homes once stood .
Fear of the supernatural and the stigma of being branded a witch is so great that around 30 of the victims ' relatives were chased out of the village .
Upturned shoes and a few bundles of clothes are all that remain of their former lives .
Most of them had nowhere to flee to , as word had spread they were related to so - called witches .
They are now forced to live in slums in the nearest town .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
A shocking increase in witch - hunt deaths in Papua New Guinea has prompted the government to launch a parliamentary commission of inquiry with a view to toughening the law .
Joe Mek Teine , the chairman of the nation 's law reform commission , has publicly declared that sorcery killings are " getting out of hand " .
Most witch hunts happen in the Highlands , the remote mountainous interior wracked by centuries of tribal wars and blood feuds .
Contact with the outside world was only established in the 1930s , when some of the many ethnic groups were still living stone - age existences .
Although there are no official statistics on sorcery killings , more than 50 were reported to the police in just two Highland provinces last year .
The homicide squad at Kundiawa police station in Simbu , a steep , rugged province believed to be the epicentre of the witch hunts , is struggling to cope with the surge in murders .
Detective Inspector Blacky Koglame estimates there are up to 20 killings a month in this area alone , most of which are not reported .
Witchcraft is a secretive and taboo subject , so people are often too scared to come forward .
A worrying new development is that the crime , which has historically been a rural phenomenon , is now spreading to urban areas as families are driven out of villages by poverty and tribal fighting , and into towns and cities .
Mount Hagen , the largest city in the Highlands , has recently been rocked by a wave of witch killings , and there have even been cases reported in the capital , Port Moresby .
Belief in black magic is so ingrained that the government legally recognises sorcery , under the 1976 Sorcery Act .
It permits white magic ( healing or fertility rites for example ) but the so - called black arts are punishable by up to two years in jail .
This has resulted in murderers alleging the use of black magic as provocation and securing reduced sentences .
Branding someone a witch is a crime , but Detective Koglame estimates that fewer than 1 per cent of cases end up in court .
Even when witnesses do come forward , he admits the police simply do not have the resources to investigate .
" Sometimes we have to borrow pens and paper from complainants in order to file our reports , and we can't always get to crime scenes as we do n't have enough petrol money for the police cars , " Det Koglame said .
" And anyway , arresting people is very hard .
Everyone in the community is usually involved , so you can't just go in looking for suspects , as you 'd have to arrest the whole village , and that 's impossible . "
Those accused of sorcery are sometimes tried in local kangaroo courts , with tribesmen and village councils handing out death sentences .
The killings are mostly committed by groups of men who first torture so - called witches to make them " confess " to their crimes and force them to name other " witches " .
Some villages even have groups of vigilante killers who will strike as soon as a suspect is named .
In one area deep in the Highlands a team of eight " witch hunters " claim to have tortured and killed 18 people between them .
" Mostly a witch hunter just collects information from any village where there is a problem , and then we go in and collect those people who are suspected of being witches , " said the leader of the group , a man with a reputation as a violent local gangster who refused to be named .
" It is part of my culture , my tradition , it 's my belief .
I see myself as a guardian angel .
We feel that we kill on good grounds and we 're working for the good of the people in the village , " he said .
Witch hunts nearly always occur after a death or an illness of a community member .
" Natural causes for death or illness are just not accepted , " said Pastor Jack Urame , a researcher at the Melanesian Institute and one of the country 's leading experts on sorcery killings .
" So whenever someone dies in a village , a person must blamed , " he said .
According to Mr Urame the victims are typically older women or women on their own , who have no extended family to defend them .
Witch hunts can also be used as a pretext to settle scores or land disputes he said .
Umame Gamano survived a witch hunt after she was accused of causing her husband 's death .
One of her daughters helped her to escape a baying mob armed with bush knives after she had been hauled before a community gathering at which villagers urged her to confess to being a witch .
Ms Umame fled the village , leaving her children behind and has not seen them since the attack that happened over a year ago .
Her attackers were her own relatives and have threatened to kill her children if they visit her .
" I do n't know why they think I 'm a witch and I do n't understand why they think I killed my husband , " she said .
" I loved him so much . "
Unreported World : Bush Knives and Black Magic , Channel 4 , tonight , 7.35 pm
Three common agricultural pesticides carbaryl , carbofuran and methomyl are jeopardizing the survival of salmon and steelhead in the Pacific Northwest .
Â
Federal biologists warn these pesticides can affect andronomous fishes ’ abilities to smell , swim , grow , and avoid predators , and ultimately will kill them in certain concentrations .
Â
The National Marine Fisheries Service is recommending restrictions and bans be placed on these pesticides ’ applicationa near salmon habitat .
Image by pfly
Ironically , one of the pesticides is used in another seafood industry : Â oyster harvesting .
Â Carbaryl is sprayed on oyster beds to control the population of burrowing shrimp .
Â
Overfishing of predator fish has caused the burrowing shrimp population to explode .
Â Â Burrowing shrimp burrow under oyster beds collapsing the beds and smothering the oysters .
The three pesticides in question mainly affect the aquatic insects salmon feed upon .
They are designed to kill agricultural insects , but when they enter waterways , aquatic insects succumb .
Â
These pesticides threaten the survival of 22 listed Pacific salmon and steelhead species .
The biologists ’ findings are a result of a 2001 lawsuit filed by salmon fisherman and environmentalists .
Joshua Osborne - Klein , an attorney with Earthjustice , explains :
Overall , we think this is a huge step forward in ensuring that salmon and steelhead are protected from these poisons …
We do n’t think it goes quite far enough …
Itâ€™s high time we reduce or eliminate the use of deadly pesticides in order to protect salmon , an icon of the Pacific Northwestâ€™s natural heritage .
The EPA is in the process of banning uses of carbofuran , which is commonly used on alfalfa , corn , and potatoes .
Â
The National Marine Fisheries Service is recommending spray buffer zones around salmon waters that range from 600 to 1,000 feet for aerial applications .
Â
Environmentalists were disappointed the agency did not call for additional 20 - foot vegetative strips that help filter pesticides before they enter waterways .
The Iranian opposition leader Mirhossein Mousavi is under 24 - hour guard by secret police and no longer able to speak freely to supporters , according to the film director Mohsen Makhmalbaf .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Mr Makhmalbaf , 52 , an informal spokesman abroad for the protest in Iran , said that Mr Mousavi was not under arrest but " he has security agents , secret police with him all the time .
He has to be careful what he says . "
In a telephone interview , Mr Makhmalbaf , the director of the 2001 film Kandaha , denied suggestions that the protests against the re-election of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad were losing steam .
" The regime , arguably , is losing ground , not the protests , " he said .
" Ordinary Iranians are openly rejecting the legitimacy and power of Ayatollah Khamanei .
That is entirely new , unheard of . "
Mr Makhmalbaf , a friend of Mr Mousavi for 20 years , said that there were reports from Iran that some of the militia deployed to suppress protest were " speaking Arabic " .
" That is unconfirmed but it suggests that the regime is unable to trust its own security forces to repress the Iranian people , " he said .
" It suggests that people are being used from abroad . "
Mr Makhmalbaf is touring Europe to try to explain events in Iran to the media .
He denied reports that he had been formally appointed as a spokesman for Mr Mousavi outside Iran .
" I am simply speaking on behalf of all the people who are protesting and dying on the streets of Iran , " he said .
Mr Mousasvi 's means of communication had been cut off , or confiscated , just after the disputed election , Mr Makhmalbaf said .
He had therefore been asked informally to make sure that a true picture of what was happening in Iran reached the outside world .
Asked to explain where the protests might go from here , he said that Mr Mousavi had urged his supporters not to confront the regime directly but to " adopt the tactics of Gandhi , the tactics of non-violent protest and civil disobedience " .
" The problem is that the more people that are killed , the more angry people will be , the more protesters will want to come out onto the streets . "
The film director dismissed all hope of some form of negotiated agreement .
" Within the last ten days , there has been a meeting between Mousavi and Ayatollah Khamanei , " he said .
" Nothing came of this meeting .
I do not know of any further dialogue which is now going on . "
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Asked to explain how a Mousavi - run Iran would differ from an Ahmadinejad - run Iran , Mr Makhmalbaf said : " The first thing to say is that it is now clear that Ahmadinejad is irrelevant .
He is not the real power . "
If Mousavi was to become president , he said , Iran would invest in " improving the economy for ordinary people , not creating nuclear weapons or supporting conflicts abroad " .
Secondly , he said , there would be an end to the " constant harassment of young people which means that virtually every young person in Iran has been beaten up by the security forces . "
how to fail sixth grade science in three pages
Spike Psarris tries to explain why evolution and a 13 billion year old are lies because ... the planet Mercury is a little too dense for his tastes ?
When you encounter something profoundly inane on the internet , you have to ask yourself whether it ’s a hoax , an elaborate Poe , or if someone really thinks that proselytizing ignorance is the way to go and is willing to associate his name with it .
Such is the case with Spike Psarris , an engineer turned evolution debunker armed with clumsy falsehoods about astronomy and the physics of planetary formation in a texbook case of what ’s known as The Salem Hypothesis .
To find out whether he really means what he says , I did a search and came up with a facepalm - inducing article he wrote for Answers In Genesis .
Turns out that unbeknownst to us , the planet Mercury poses such an evolutionary dilemma , scientists might as well shelf the whole theory , take their ball , and go home .
Again , you might be wondering what physics and astronomy have to do with biology .
But remember that we ’re talking about a publication for a group controlled by a man who thinks that the world could only be 6,000 years old , the Flintstones was a documentary of sorts , and that it all came to an end when a snake enticed a woman to eat an apple .
Little things like making sure the right scientific discipline is being critiqued are n’t exactly a big priority here .
And being published in magazines ran by Answers
In Genesis means you ’re serious in perusing at least a part time career in being a public ignoramus .
So , in order to live up to the expectations of this bizarre profession , Psarris tries his first assault on modern science thusly :
… Mercury is so dense that its thought to have an iron core occupying some 75 % of its diameter .
This extraordinary density has generated much turmoil and confusion in evolutionary astronomy .
Evolutionists mostly agree on models of planetary formation but their models say Mercury cant be anywhere near as dense as it actually is .
Mercury is about as dense as the Earth and its core is really thought to be 75 % of the planet ’s diameter .
This was known before the first flyby of the planet with Mariner 10 , so how exactly it caused so much turmoil for the astronomical community is kind of hard to pin down .
I ’ve also never heard of evolutionary astronomy .
Maybe he means astrobiologists , but I ’m not sure how they would be rattled either .
Finally , I do n’t know how the density of Mercury somehow defies astronomical models .
We know that heavier materials will clump closer to stars during solar system formation , so Mercury being composed of 60 to 70 % metals in an orbit just a bit under 58 million miles from the Sun is n’t exactly an invalidation of astronomical theories .
Funny enough , in his reference , Psarris says that the high density is a fact , regardless of whether the model is correct or not .
Wait , it does n’t matter if the model he ’s trying to disprove is right or wrong , all that matters is the density ?
So his argument is what exactly ?
That Mercury is dense ?
Or maybe that he ’s about as dense as the planet ’s core ?
And this is n’t the only bizarre argument he unleashes on his readers .
After decades of struggle , astrophysicists have given up and admitted that Mercurys high density cannot be accommodated within slow - and - gradual - development models .
Instead , the preferred explanation now is that billions of years ago , a large object crashed into Mercury , stripping away its lesser - density material , and leaving behind the high - density planet seen today .
Wait , what ?
Since when ?
Psarris ’ reference of this claim is a meaningless out of context quote from a popular science book on the solar system .
The quote itself mentions a hypothesis about a large impact but provides no details on what kind of impact is being talked about .
Mercury had a lot of impacts from all sorts of meteors and comets , like any other body in the solar system .
Giving us a page and a snippet with no detail , makes no sense whatsoever and can only be used as an example of poor citing skills .
But since Spike found himself a line of attack , he ’s going to continue with it , citing creationist literature as his support .
He goes on to accuse astronomers of fabricating planetary collisions , invoking some other imaginary event in which Venus ’ rotation stopped because of a monster impact , dismissing that Uranus ’ tilt could be caused by a gravitational disturbance and rejecting the fact that solar wind strips planetary atmospheres without adequate magnetic fields to protect them .
And somehow , the fact that Venus spins very slowly around its axis , that Mars has a thin atmosphere and that Uranus is on its side , are all detrimental blows to the theory of evolution and the concept that it took our solar system 4.6 billion years to coalesce .
Mind you , none of this has anything to do with Mercury .
It ’s just the rant of a zealot foaming at the mouth with indignation while spouting off inanities that should ’ve been cleared up for him in middle school .
Psarris also does n’t even hint at trying to provide any explanations for why any of the anomalies he highlights happen .
He just declares them as a problem for astronomy and moves on .
And that makes me wonder if he ’s just painfully aware of the fact that he does n’t know enough to pursue this topic and decided to gloss over it , or if he went so far off into his polemics that he did n’t even notice the three claims he made along the way .
Space is chaotic .
Very large objects in our solar system move at very high speeds .
The Sun , like all stars , gives off radiation which interacts with the atmospheres and magnetospheres of planets in relatively predictable ways .
What does he want to tell us with clumsy and backhanded criticism of investigating these phenomena ?
I do n’t know and I honestly do n’t think he does either .
Next , he tries to convince us that only a 6,000 year old solar system could possibly explain how planets would have active , molten cores that produce magnetic fields .
Apparently , since other ignoramuses on Ken Ham ’s payroll said so , a 4.5 billion year old planet would cool down and there would be no magnetic field .
The facts that rock is a great insulator , that gravitational tugs and pulls help keep cores warm and that sextillions of tons of molten rock do n’t exactly cool overnight , managed to evade Psarris who then goes on to smugly pat himself and his fellow Young Earth kooks on the back , ending the whole thing with a Biblical quote and a declaration of how Mercury has science on it ’s back and crying for mercy as is required of a good Ken Ham underling .
What I really want to know is what space oriented project hired him as an engineer , as his biography says .
I ’m really curious how many times an astronomer or physicist talking to him ended up groaning in frustration and storming out the door while muttering something not fit to print in a family - friendly forum …
Posted on June 25 , 2009
Gov. Sanford 's Wife : " His Career Is Not A Concern Of Mine "
CNN : Jenny Sanford said Thursday that her husband Mark Sanford 's political career is " not a concern of mine " and that she'd be just fine — whether or not their marriage survived .
" His career is not a concern of mine , " she told reporters as she departed the family 's vacation home in Sullivans Island , South Carolina .
" He 's going to have to worry about that .
I 'm worried about my family and the character of my children . "
My App Rejection # 3 , Now Apple Forbids Mentioning iPhone 3.0 In Help File May 12 , 2009
After two bouts of cutting features based on a complaint of first " ridiculing public figures " and then " objectionable content " ( namely John Hancock ) , now I get a call telling me that I can't mention iPhone 3.0 in my help file .
Like it is n't all over the internet and Apple 's Website .
All I said was that I would add features to the email part of the app when 3.0 ships in the summer .
WTF ????
Now I get to resubmit and go back to the back of the bus .
The first submission took 7 days , the second 9 , the third 12 and I 'm guessing the next will be 2 weeks .
All for a $ 0.99 app that lets you put your picture on high - denomination fake money .
I guess not being a famous rock star is a serious drawback here - Trent Reznor 's NiN app was approved 3 days after the initial rejection after the huge public outcry .
In addition , now I have to test with iPhone 3.0 Beta , which is tough since I only have one iPhone ( running 2.2.1 ) and one iPod Touch ( running 3.0 beta ) .
I can't fully test the app since the Touch has no camera , so I am effectively stymied .
If I submit it again with only the help file altered and without a full iPhone test , it might get rejected for some camera issue .
I 'm beginning to think this app wo n't ship until the day when there are real $ 1 Trillion Dollar bills .
Meanwhile I am making no money .
My next app , Quantum Pool is almost ready ; at the rate things are approved it might be a long time before I see any income and it's not a pretty thing .
Maybe writing for OSX is a better idea after all .
Harder to market and lower volume but higher paying per copy , and no approvals needed .
I never thought this would become a soap opera .
Argh is becoming my favorite word lately .
Here is a look at the newest game [ shal ] Sony [ / shal ] announced at their E3 press conference .
It will be the latest game in the play , create , share category that [ shal ] Little Big Planet [ / shal ] brought on to the scene .
The game is called [ shal ] ModNation Racers [ / shal ] and will have players creating tracks , cars , and drivers , and then competing in kart racing .
As was the case with LBP , the possibilities are endless , and it ’s all wrapped up into a simple , accessible package .
Make sure to pick up ModNation Racers when it hits shelves sometime in 2010 .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=roAS8jjmTdQ[/youtube]
Full Disclosure mailing list archives
By Date By Thread T - Mobile sources and data From : pwnmobile () Safe - mail net
Date : Sat , 6 Jun 2009 15:18:06 - 0400
Hello world , The U.S. T - Mobile network predominately uses the GSM / GPRS / EDGE 1900 MHz frequency - band , making it the largest 1900 MHz network in the United States .
Service is available in 98 of the 100 largest markets and 268 million potential customers .
Like Checkpoint Tmobile has been owned for some time .
We have everything , their databases , confidental documents , scripts and programs from their servers , financial documents up to 2009 .
We already contacted with their competitors and they did n't show interest in buying their data - probably because the mails got to the wrong people - so now we are offering them for the highest bidder .
Please only serious offers , do n't waste our time .
Contact : pwnmobile ( ) safe - mail net Name Type Team Application Name ApplicationID Application Operating System IP Address Facility Blank Blank Blank Tier 1 Apps Tier 2 Apps ?
Prod protun03 Prod IHAP Caller Tunes 64 CallerTunes 10.1.16.185 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A 64 1 protun04 Prod IHAP Caller Tunes 64 CallerTunes 10.1.16.186 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A 64 1 protun05 Prod IHAP Caller Tunes 64 CallerTunes 10.1.16.187 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A 64 1 protun06 Prod IHAP Caller Tunes 64 CallerTunes 10.1.16.188 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A 64 1 protun07 Prod IHAP Caller Tunes 64 CallerTunes 10.1.17.189 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A 64 1 protun08 Prod IHAP Caller Tunes 64 CallerTunes 10.1.17.190 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A 64 1 protun09 Prod IHAP Caller Tunes 64 CallerTunes 10.1.21.191 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A 64 1 protun10 Prod IHAP Caller Tunes 64 CallerTunes 10.1.21.192 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A 64 1 protun11 Prod IHAP Caller Tunes 64 CallerTunes 10.1.16.193 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A 64 1 protun12 Prod IHAP Caller Tunes 64 CallerTunes 10.1.16.194 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A 64 1 protun13 Prod IHAP Caller Tunes 64 CallerTunes 10.1.16.197 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N/A 64 1 protun14 Prod IHAP Caller Tunes 64 CallerTunes 10.1.16.196 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A 64 1 protun15 Prod IHAP Caller Tunes 64 CallerTunes 10.1.16.195 SunOS 5.8 BOTHELL_7 #N /A 64 1 protun16 Prod IHAP Caller Tunes 64 CallerTunes 10.1.16.163 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A 64 1 procma01 Prod IHAP Campaign Management System 96 campaign management 10.133.225.60 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N/A 96 1 procms01 Prod IHAP Campaign Management System 96 campaign management 10.133.113.75 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS #N/A 96 1 procms02 Prod IHAP Campaign Management System 96 campaign management 10.133.17.66 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS #N/A 96 1 proenb01 Prod Billing Enabler 167 enabler 10.1.16.96 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A 167 1 proenb02 Prod Billing Enabler 167 enabler 10.1.16.98 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A 167 1 proenb03 Prod Billing Enabler 167 enabler 10.1.16.168 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A 167 1 proenb04 Prod Billing Enabler 167 enabler 10.1.16.166 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A 167 1 proess01 Prod Billing Enabler 167 enabler 10 .1.16.182 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A 167 1 procvg01 Prod Billing Infinys 250 convergys - WholeSale Billing 10.1.17.32 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A 250 1 procvg02 Prod Billing Infinys 250 convergys - WholeSale Billing 10.1.17.33 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A 250 1 procvg03 Prod Billing Infinys 250 convergys - WholeSale Billing 10.1.24.132 SunOS 5.9 BOTHELL_7 #N / A 250 1 procvg04 Prod Billing Infinys 250 convergys - WholeSale Billing 10.1.24.133 SunOS 5.9 BOTHELL_7 #N / A 250 1 prosbl01 Prod IHAP Siebel - PRM 526 Siebel - PRM 10.1.24.21 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A 526 1 proctl04 Prod Billing Comptel 101 comptel 10.133.81.64 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS 101 # N/ A 1 proctl05 Prod Billing Comptel 101 comptel 10.1.24.34 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 101 #N/ A 1 proctl06 Prod Billing Comptel 101 comptel 10.1.24.35 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 101 #N/ A 1 proctl07 Prod Billing Comptel 101 comptel 10.1.24.96 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 101 #N/ A 1 proctl08 Prod Billing Comptel 101 comptel 10.133.81.67 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS 101 #N/A 1 proctl09 Prod Billing Comptel 101 Comptel 10.133.81.76 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS 101 # N/ A 1 proctl10 Prod Billing Comptel 101 comptel 10.133.81.77 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS 101 # N/ A 1 proctl11 Prod Billing Comptel 101 comptel 10.133.81.78 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS 101 # N/ A 1 proctl12 Prod Billing Comptel 101 comptel 10.133.81.79 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS 101 # N/ A 1 prodsp01 Prod IHAP DSPA 150 DSPA 10.1.80.175 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 150 #N/ A 1 prodsp03 Prod IHAP DSPA 150 DSPA 10.1.80.73 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 150 #N / A 1 prodsp11 Prod IHAP DSPA 150 DSPA 10.133.113.37 HP - UX 11.11 NEXUS 150 # N/ A 1 prodsp12 Prod IHAP DSPA 150 DSPA 10.133.113.38 HP - UX 11.11 NEXUS 150 # N/ A 1 prodsp13 Prod IHAP DSPA 150 DSPA 10.133.113.39 HP - UX 11.11 NEXUS 150 # N/ A 1 prodsp14 Prod IHAP DSPA 150 DSPA 10.133.113.58 HP - UX 11.11 NEXUS 150 # N/ A 1 prodsp15 Prod IHAP DSPA 150 DSPA 10.133.113.59 HP - UX 11.11 NEXUS 150 # N/ A 1 prodsp21 Prod IHAP DSPA 150 DSPA 10.133.113.40 HP - UX 11.11 NEXUS 150 # N/ A 1 prodsp22 Prod IHAP DSPA 150 DSPA 10.133.113.41 HP - UX 11.11 NEXUS 150 # N/ A 1 prowac06 Prod IHAP EAI 151 EAI - Middleware 10.1.80.91 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 151 #N/A 1 prowac07 Prod IHAP EAI 151 EAI - Middleware 10.1.80.92 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 151 #N/A 1 prowac08 Prod IHAP EAI 151 EAI - Middleware 10.1.80.93 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 151 #N/A 1 prowac09 Prod IHAP EAI 151 EAI - Middleware 10.1.80.94 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 151 #N/A 1 prowac10 Prod IHAP EAI 151 EAI - Middleware 10.1.80.95 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 151 #N/A 1 prowac16 Prod IHAP EAI 151 EAI - Middleware 10.1.20.239 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 151 #N/A 1 prowac17 Prod IHAP EAI 151 EAI - Middleware 10.1.20.236 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 151 #N/A 1 proims01 Prod Billing eBill 153 Ebill 10.1.24.137 SunOS 5.8 BOTHELL_7 153 #N / A 1 proims02 Prod Billing eBill 153 Ebill 10.1.24.80 SunOS 5.8 BOTHELL_7 153 #N / A 1 proims03 Prod Billing eBill 153 Ebill 10.133.33.105 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS 153 # N/ A 1 proims04 Prod Billing eBill 153 Ebill 10.1.16.57 SunOS 5.8 BOTHELL_7 153 #N / A 1 proims05 Prod Billing eBill 153 Ebill 10.1.24 .47 SunOS 5.8 BOTHELL_7 153 #N / A 1 proims06 Prod Billing eBill 153 Ebill 10.1.24.48 SunOS 5.8 BOTHELL_7 153 #N / A 1 proims07 Prod Billing eBill 153 Ebill 10.1.24.81 SunOS 5.8 BOTHELL_7 153 #N / A 1 proims08 Prod Billing eBill 153 Ebill 10.1.24.82 SunOS 5.8 BOTHELL_7 153 #N / A 1 proims09 Prod Billing eBill 153 Ebill 10.133.81.54 SunOS 5.8 NEXUS 153 # N/ A 1 proims10 Prod Billing eBill 153 Ebill 10.133.81.55 SunOS 5.8 NEXUS 153 # N/ A 1 projpy01 Prod IHAP JPAY 274 jpay 10.134.81.21 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS 274 #N / A 1 projpy02 Prod IHAP JPAY 274 jpay 10.134.81.22 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS 274 #N / A 1 projpy03 Prod IHAP JPAY 274 jpay 10.134.81.27 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS 274 #N / A 1 projpy04 Prod IHAP JPAY 274 jpay 10.134.81.28 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS 274 #N/ A 1 projpy05 Prod IHAP JPAY 274 jpay 10.134.81.29 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS 274 #N / A 1 projpy06 Prod IHAP JPAY 274 jpay 10.134.81.30 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS 274 #N / A 1 projpy07 Prod IHAP JPAY 274 JPAY 10.134.81.31 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS 274 #N/ A 1 promer01 Prod IHAP Mercator 295 mercator 10 .1.24.25 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 295 #N / A 1 promer02 Prod IHAP Mercator 295 mercator 10.1.24.67 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 295 #N / A 1 propag02 Prod Billing PAG 368 PAG 10.1.16.36 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 368 #N / A 1 propag07 Prod Billing PAG 368 PAG 10.1.16.68 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 368 #N / A 1 propag09 Prod Billing PAG 368 PAG 10.1.24.119 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 368 #N / A 1 propag10 Prod Billing PAG 368 PAG 10.133.17.54 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS 368 #N / A 1 propag11 Prod Billing PAG 368 PAG 10.133.17.55 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS 368 # N / A 1 propag12 Prod Billing PAG 368 PAG 10.133.17.56 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS 368 # N / A 1 propag13 Prod Billing PAG 368 PAG 10.133.17.57 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS 368 # N / A 1 propag14 Prod Billing PAG 368 PAG 10.133.81.31 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS 368 # N / A 1 propag15 Prod Billing PAG 368 PAG 10.133.81.32 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS 368 #N / A 1 propag16 Prod Billing PAG 368 PAG 10.133.81.33 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS 368 # N / A 1 propag17 Prod Billing PAG 368 PAG 10.133.81.34 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS 368 #N / A 1 propag18 Prod Billing PAG 368 PAG 10.133.81.35 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS 368 #N / A 1 propag19 Prod Billing PAG 368 PAG 10.133.81.37 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS 368 # N / A 1 propag21 Prod Billing PAG 368 PAG 10.133.81.39 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS 368 # N / A 1 propag22 Prod Billing PAG 368 PAG 10.133.81.40 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS 368 # N / A 1 propag23 Prod Billing PAG 368 PAG 10.133.81.41 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS 368 #N / A 1 prowms01 Prod IHAP PKMS 386 pkms 10.133.33.55 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS 386 #N / A 1 prowms02 Prod IHAP PKMS 386 pkms 10.133.33.56 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS 386 #N / A 1 prowms03 Prod IHAP PKMS 386 pkms 10.133.33.57 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS 386 #N / A 1 prowms04 Prod IHAP PKMS 386 pkms 10.133.33.58 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS 386 #N / A 1 propos01 Prod IHAP POS 390 POS 10.133.225.50 HP - UX 11.23 NEXUS 390 # N / A 1 propos02 Prod IHAP POS 390 POS 10.133.225.51 HP - UX 11.23 NEXUS 390 # N / A 1 prosap04 Prod IHAP SAP 450 SAP 10.1.16.29 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 450 #N / A 1 prosap09 Prod IHAP SAP 450 SAP 10.1.16.62 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 450 #N / A 1 prosap23 Prod IHAP SAP 450 SAP 10.1.16.222 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 450 # N / A 1 prosap31 Prod IHAP SAP 450 SAP 10.1.16.110 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 450 #N / A 1 prosap33 Prod IHAP SAP 450 SAP 10.1.16.41 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 450 #N / A 1 prosap38 Prod IHAP SAP 450 SAP 10.1.16.175 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 450 #N / A 1 prosap39 Prod IHAP SAP 450 SAP 10.1.16.155 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 450 #N / A 1 protib01 Prod IHAP TIBCO 582 Tibco 10.1.16.102 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 582 #N / A 1 protib02 Prod IHAP TIBCO 582 Tibco 10.1.81.21 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 582 #N / A 1 protib03 Prod IHAP TIBCO 582 Tibco 10.1.81.22 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 582 #N / A 1 protib04 Prod IHAP TIBCO 582 Tibco 10.1.81.24 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 582 #N / A 1 protib05 Prod IHAP TIBCO 582 Tibco 10.1.81.25 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 582 #N / A 1 protib06 Prod IHAP TIBCO 582 Tibco 10.1.81.26 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 582 #N / A 1 protib07 Prod IHAP TIBCO 582 Tibco 10.1.81.29 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 582 #N / A 1 protib08 Prod IHAP TIBCO 582 Tibco 10.1.81.30 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 582 #N / A 1 protib20 Prod IHAP TIBCO 582 Tibco 10.133.87.20 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS 582 #N / A 1 protib21 Prod IHAP TIBCO 582 Tibco 10.133.87.21 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS 582 #N / A 1 protib22 Prod IHAP TIBCO 582 Tibco 10.133.87.22 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS 582 #N / A 1 protib23 Prod IHAP TIBCO 582 Tibco 10.133.87.23 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS 582 #N / A 1 protib24 Prod IHAP TIBCO 582 Tibco 10.133.87.24 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS 582 #N / A 1 protib25 Prod IHAP TIBCO 582 Tibco 10.133.81.52 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS 582 #N / A 1 protib26 Prod IHAP TIBCO 582 Tibco 10.133.81.53 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS 582 #N / A 1 protib30 Prod IHAP TIBCO 582 Tibco 10.133.87.25 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS 582 #N / A 1 protib31 Prod IHAP TIBCO 582 Tibco 10.133.87.26 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS 582 #N / A 1 protib32 Prod IHAP TIBCO 582 Tibco 10.133.87.27 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS 582 #N / A 1 protib40 Prod IHAP TIBCO 582 Tibco 10.133.17.101 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS 582 #N / A 1 protib41 Prod IHAP TIBCO 582 Tibco 10.133.17.102 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS 582 #N / A 1 protib42 Prod IHAP TIBCO 582 Tibco 10.133.81.100 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS 582 #N/ A 1 protib43 Prod IHAP TIBCO 582 Tibco 10 .133.81.62 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS 582 #N / A 1 protib44 Prod IHAP TIBCO 582 Tibco 10.133.81.63 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS 582 #N / A 1 protib45 Prod IHAP TIBCO 582 Tibco 10.133.81.72 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS 582 #N / A 1 protib46 Prod IHAP TIBCO 582 Tibco 10.133.81.68 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS 582 #N / A 1 protib47 Prod IHAP TIBCO 582 Tibco 10.133.81.73 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS 582 #N / A 1 protib98 Prod IHAP TIBCO 582 Tibco 10.1.16.106 HP -UX 11.23 BOTHELL_7 582 #N / A 1 protib99 Prod IHAP TIBCO 582 Tibco 10.1.16.107 HP - UX 11.23 BOTHELL_7 582 #N /A 1 protsf01 Prod IHAP T - Safe 614 T - Safe 10.134.82.60 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS 614 #N /A 1 protsf02 Prod IHAP T - Safe 614 T - Safe 10.134.82.61 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS 614 #N /A 1 protsf03 Prod IHAP T - Safe 614 T - Safe 10.134.82.62 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS 614 #N /A 1 protsf04 Prod IHAP T - Safe 614 T - Safe 10.134.82.67 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS 614 #N /A 1 protsf05 Prod IHAP T - Safe 614 T - Safe 10.134.82.68 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS 614 #N / A 1 procnr01 Prod IHAP TSD 615 TSD 10.1.24.85 SunOS 5.9 BOTHELL_7 615 #N / A 1 procnr02 Prod IHAP TSD 615 TSD 10.1.24.186 SunOS 5.9 BOTHELL_7 615 #N / A 1 promst01 Prod IHAP TSD 615 TSD 10.1.24.83 SunOS 5.9 BOTHELL_7 615 #N / A 1 promst02 Prod IHAP TSD 615 TSD 10.1.24.184 SunOS 5.9 BOTHELL_7 615 #N / A 1 proter01 Prod Billing Tuxedo 619 Tuxedo 10.1.24.100 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 619 #N / A 1 proter02 Prod Billing Tuxedo 619 Tuxedo 10.1.24.101 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 619 # N / A 1 proter03 Prod Billing Tuxedo 619 Tuxedo 10.1.24.102 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 619 # N / A 1 proter04 Prod Billing Tuxedo 619 Tuxedo 10.1.16.220 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 619 #N / A 1 proter05 Prod Billing Tuxedo 619 Tuxedo 10.1.16.212 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 619 # N / A 1 proter06 Prod Billing Tuxedo 619 Tuxedo 10.1.16.78 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 619 # N / A 1 proter07 Prod Billing Tuxedo 619 Tuxedo 10.1.16.94 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 619 #N / A 1 provtx05 Prod # N / A Vertex 631 Vertex 10.133.34.48 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS 631 # N/ A 1 provtx05 Prod # N / A Vertex 631 Vertex 10.133.34.48 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS 631 # N/ A 1 provtx06 Prod # N / A Vertex 631 Vertex 10.133.34.49 HP
-UX 11.23 NEXUS 631 # N/ A 1 pnxpbm01 Prod Projects # N/ A #N / A # N / A 10.133.65.53 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 pprepr02 Prod Projects # N/ A #N / A #N / A 192.168.33.129 AIX 5.3 NEXUS #N/ A #N/ A 1 pprepr03 Prod Projects # N/ A #N / A # N / A 10.130.33.130 AIX 5.3 NEXUS #N/ A #N/ A 1 pprepr04 Prod Projects # N/ A #N / A # N / A 10.130.33.131 AIX 5.3 NEXUS #N/ A #N/ A 1 pprepr05 Prod Projects # N/ A #N / A # N / A 10.130.33.132 AIX 5.3 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 pprhrp01 Prod Projects # N/ A #N / A # N / A 192.168.33.123 AIX 5.3 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 pprhrp02 Prod Projects # N/ A #N / A # N / A 192.168.33.124 AIX 5.3 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 pprhrp03 Prod Projects # N/ A #N / A # N / A 10.130.33.125 AIX 5.3 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 pprhrp04 Prod Projects # N/ A #N / A # N / A 10.130.33.126 AIX 5.3 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 pprhrp05 Prod Projects # N/ A #N / A # N / A 10.130.33.127 AIX 5.3 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 proact02 Prod IHAP People Soft 380 People Soft 10.1.16.23 HP - UX 11.00 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 proadm01 Prod IHAP Portfolio Management 389 Portfolio Management 10.133.65.31 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS # N/ A #N / A 1 proalm01 Prod IHAP asset management 27 asset management 10.1.24.140 SunOS 5.9 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 proalm02 Prod IHAP asset management 27 asset management 10.1.24.141 SunOS 5.9 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 proamdm2 Prod Billing Maestro 288 Maestro 10.1.16.39 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 proapi01 Prod Billing API 19 API 10.1.24.36 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 proapi02 Prod Billing API 19 API 10.1.24.37 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 proapi11 Prod # N / A #N / A #N / A # N / A 10.130.225.61 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 proapi12 Prod # N / A #N / A #N / A # N / A 10.130.225.62 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 proarc01 Prod Billing Archive Engine 25 archive engine 10.1.16.58 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 proarc10 Prod Billing Archive Engine 25 archive engine 10.1.17.56 SunOS 5.9 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 proarc11 Prod Billing Archive Engine 25 archive engine 10.1.17.58 SunOS 5.9 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 probck02 Prod Infra Netbackup 34 Backup / Archive server 10.1.16.25 HP -UX 11.00 BOTHELL_7 #N / A # N/A 1 probck03 Prod Infra Netbackup 34 Backup / Archive server 10.65.16.42 HP -UX 11.11 TAMPA #N/ A #N / A 1 probck04 Prod Infra Netbackup 34 Backup / Archive server 10.73.17.22 HP -UX 11.11 TAMPA #N/ A #N / A 1 probck06 Prod Infra Netbackup 34 Backup / Archive server 10.1.24.28 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 probck07 Prod Infra Netbackup 34 Backup / Archive server 10.1.24.29 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 probck08 Prod Infra Netbackup 34 Backup / Archive server 10.1.16.83 HP -UX 11.11 TAMPA #N/ A #N / A 1 probck09 Prod Infra Netbackup 34 Backup / Archive server 10.1.16.84 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 probck10 Prod Infra Netbackup 34 Backup / Archive server 10.1.16.85 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 probck11 Prod Infra Netbackup 34 Backup / Archive server 10.1.16.115 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 probck13 Prod Infra Netbackup 34 Backup / Archive server 10.65.17.46 HP -UX 11.11 TAMPA #N/ A #N / A 1 probck14 Prod Infra Netbackup 34 Backup / Archive server 10.65.84.65 HP -UX 11.23 TAMPA #N/ A #N / A 1 probck15 Prod Infra Netbackup 34 Backup / Archive server 10.65.17.72 HP -UX 11.23 TAMPA #N/ A #N / A 1 probck16 Prod Infra Netbackup 34 Backup / Archive server 10.65.17.73 HP -UX 11.23 TAMPA #N/ A #N / A 1 probck17 Prod Infra Netbackup 34 Backup / Archive server 10.1.16.206 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 probck18 Prod Infra Netbackup 34 Backup / Archive server 10.1.16.207 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 probck19 Prod Infra Netbackup 34 Backup / Archive server 10.73.17.28 HP -UX 11.11 TAMPA #N/ A #N / A 1 probck20 Prod Infra Netbackup 34 Backup / Archive server 10.73.17.27 HP -UX 11.11 TAMPA #N/ A #N / A 1 probck21 Prod Infra Netbackup 34 Backup / Archive server 10.133.113.201 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 probck22 Prod Infra Netbackup 34 Backup / Archive server 10.133.113.202 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 probck23 Prod Infra Netbackup 34 Backup / Archive server 10.133.113.203 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 probck24 Prod Infra Netbackup 34 Backup / Archive server 10.133.113.204 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 probck25 Prod Infra Netbackup 34 Backup / Archive server 10.133.113.205 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 probck26 Prod Infra Netbackup 34 Backup / Archive server 10.132.113.40 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 probck27 Prod Infra Netbackup 34 Backup / Archive server 10.132.113.42 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 probck28 Prod Infra Netbackup 34 Backup / Archive server 10.133.113.51 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 probck29 Prod Infra Netbackup 34 Backup / Archive server 10.133.113.52 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 probck30 Prod # N / A #N / A # N / A # N / A 10.133.113.84 AIX 5.3 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 probck31 Prod # N / A #N / A # N / A # N / A 10.133.113.85 AIX 5.3 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 probcs01 Prod Projects # N/ A #N / A # N / A 10.133.17.87 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 probcs02 Prod Projects # N/ A #N / A # N / A 10.133.17.88 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 probono Prod Infra Infrastructure 253 Infrastructure 10.1.16.37 HP -UX 11.00 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 probono2 Prod Infra Infrastructure 253 Infrastructure 10.1.16.38 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 probpm01 Prod IHAP Business process 52 business process 10.133.225.54 HP - UX 11.11 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 probpm02 Prod IHAP Business process 52 business process 10.133.225.55 HP - UX 11.11 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 probpm03 Prod IHAP Business process 52 business process 10.133.225.48 HP - UX 11.11 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 probtb01 Prod IHAP Business to Business 55 Business 2 Business 10.1.201.231 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 probtb02 Prod IHAP Business to Business 55 Business 2 Business 10.1.201.232 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 probtb03 Prod IHAP Business to Business 55 Business 2 Business 10.1.201.233 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 probtb04 Prod IHAP Business to Business 55 Business 2 Business 10.1.201.234 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 procde01 Prod Billing Collection decision engine 98 collection decision engine 10.1.16.158 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 procde02 Prod Billing Collection decision engine 98 collection decision engine 10.1.16.160 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 procea01 Prod Billing Collections Enhancement 99 Collections Enhancement 10.133.81.50 SunOS 5.9 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 procea02 Prod Billing Collections Enhancement 99 Collections Enhancement 10.133.81.51 SunOS 5.9 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 procea03 Prod Billing Collections Enhancement 99 Collections Enhancement 10.1.25.22 SunOS 5.9 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 procen01 Prod Billing Centivia 75 centivia 10.1.16.101 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 procen03 Prod Billing Centivia 75 centivia 10.1.16.176 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 procen04 Prod Billing Centivia 75 centivia 10.1.16.177 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 proclm01 Prod IHAP Credit Line Management 114 Credit Line Management 10.133.81.101 SunOS 5.10 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 proclm02 Prod IHAP Credit Line Management 114 Credit Line Management 10.133.81.102 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 procln01 Prod Billing Cleanup Engine 89 Cleanup Engine 10.1.16.63 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 proclr01 Prod IHAP Clarity 88 Clarity 10.1.24.107 SunOS 5.9 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 proclr02 Prod IHAP Clarity 88 Clarity 10.1.24.108 SunOS 5.9 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 procnv01 Prod Billing Conversion server ( Amdocs ) 108 Conversion server ( Amdocs ) 10.1.16.137 HP -UX 11.00 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 procpr01 Prod Billing Customer Profile 123 Customer Profile 10.133.113.48 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 procpr02 Prod Billing Customer Profile 123 Customer Profile 10.133.113.49 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 procpw01 Prod IHAP Opt- Out T - Mo 357 Opt- Out T - Mo 10.133.81.81 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 procpw02 Prod IHAP Opt - Out T - Mo 357 Opt - Out T - Mo 10.133.81.82 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 procrd01 Prod Infra Concord 103 Concord 10.133.17.28 SunOS 5.9 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 procrd02 Prod Infra DNS 144 DNS 10.1.24.38 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 procst01 Prod Billing Samson - Customer DB 688 Samson - Customer DB 10.1.16.70 HP - UX 11.23 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 procst02 Prod Billing Samson - Customer DB 688 Samson - Customer DB 10.1.16.120 HP -UX 11.23 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 procst03 Prod Billing Samson - Customer DB 688 Samson - Customer DB 10.1.16.181 HP -UX 11.23 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 procst04 Prod Billing AR 24 AR 10.130.225.100 HP -UX 11.23 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 procst05 Prod Billing AR 24 AR 10.130.225.102 HP -UX 11.23 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 procst12 Prod Projects Samson - Customer DB 688 Samson - Customer DB 10.130.225.31 HP -UX 11.31 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 prodbc01 Prod IHAP DB cluster server 132 DB cluster server 10.1.16.130 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prodbc02 Prod IHAP DB cluster server 132 DB cluster server 10.1.16.131 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prodbc03 Prod IHAP DB cluster server 132 DB cluster server 10.1.16.132 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prodbc04 Prod IHAP DB cluster server 132 DB cluster server 10.1.16.136 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prodbc05 Prod IHAP DB cluster server 132 DB cluster server 10.1.16.204 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prodbc06 Prod IHAP DB cluster server 132 DB cluster server 10.1.16.205 HP - UX 11.11 TAMPA #N/ A #N / A 1 prodbc07 Prod IHAP DB cluster server 132 DB cluster server 10.1.16.224 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prodbc08 Prod IHAP DB cluster server 132 DB cluster server 10.1.16.111 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prodbc09 Prod IHAP DB cluster server 132 DB cluster server 10.133.114.31 HP - UX 11.23 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 prodbc10 Prod IHAP DB cluster server 132 DB cluster server 10.133.114.32 HP - UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 prodbc11 Prod IHAP DB cluster server 132 DB cluster server 10.133.114.33 HP - UX 11.23 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 prodbc12 Prod IHAP DB cluster server 132 DB cluster server 10.133.114.34 HP - UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 prodbc13 Prod IHAP DB cluster server 132 DB cluster server 10.133.113.53 HP - UX 11.11 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 prodbc14 Prod IHAP DB cluster server 132 DB cluster server 10.133.113.54 HP - UX 11.11 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 prodbc15 Prod IHAP DB cluster server 132 DB cluster server 10.133.113.55 HP - UX 11.11 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 prodbc16 Prod IHAP DB cluster server 132 DB cluster server 10.133.113.56 HP - UX 11.23 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 prodbc17 Prod IHAP DB cluster server 132 DB cluster server 10.133.113.110 HP - UX 11.23 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 prodbc18 Prod IHAP DB cluster server 132 DB cluster server 10.133.113.111 HP - UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 prodig04 Prod Infra Infrastructure 253 Infrastructure 10.65.16.235 HP -UX 11.23 TAMPA #N/ A #N / A 1 prodig05 Prod Infra Infrastructure 253 Infrastructure 10.133.81.75 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 prodns01 Prod Infra Infrastructure - DNS 254 Infrastructure - DNS 10.1.16.43 HP -UX 11.00 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prodns02 Prod Infra Infrastructure - DNS 254 Infrastructure - DNS 10.1.16.46 HP -UX 11.00 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prodns05 Prod Infra Infrastructure - DNS 254 Infrastructure - DNS 10.65.16.41 HP -UX 11.00 TAMPA #N/ A #N / A 1 prodns07 Prod Infra Infrastructure - DNS 254 Infrastructure - DNS 10.133.113.71 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 prodns08 Prod Infra Infrastructure - DNS 254 Infrastructure - DNS 10.133.113.72 HP -UX 11.23 TAMPA #N/ A #N / A 1 proegc01 Prod Infra OEM Grid Control 342 OEM Grid Control 10.133.35.91 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 proegc02 Prod Infra OEM Grid Control 342 OEM Grid Control 10.133.35.92 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 proegc03 Prod Infra OEM Grid Control 342 OEM Grid Control 10.133.35.93 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 proegc04 Prod Infra OEM Grid Control 342 OEM Grid Control 10.133.35.94 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 proema01 Prod IHAP Enterprise Mapping 179 enterprise mapping 10.1.16.48 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 proema02 Prod IHAP Enterprise Mapping 179 enterprise mapping 10.1.16.50 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 proepr01 Prod Projects # N/ A #N / A #N / A 192.168.33.91 AIX 5.3 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 proepr02 Prod Projects # N/ A #N / A # N / A 192.168.33.86 AIX 5.3 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 proepr03 Prod Projects # N/ A #N / A # N / A 10.130.33.92 AIX 5.3 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 proepr04 Prod Projects # N/ A #N / A # N / A 10.130.33.93 AIX 5.3 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 proepr05 Prod Projects # N/ A #N / A # N / A 10.130.33.87 AIX 5.3 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 proers02 Prod IHAP Enterprise reporting 182 enterprise reporting 10.1.16.66 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 proesa01 Prod Infra Infrastructure 253 Infrastructure 10.1.24.158 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 proesa02 Prod Projects # N/ A #N / A # N / A 10.133.113.73 HP -UX 11.31 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 proetl01 Prod IHAP Teradata 576 teradata 10.133.17.50 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 proetl02 Prod IHAP Teradata 576 teradata 10.133.17.51 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 proetl03 Prod IHAP Teradata 576 teradata 10.133.17.52 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 proetl04 Prod IHAP Teradata 576 teradata 10.133.17.53 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 profrd01 Prod IHAP Fraud 211 fraud 10.133.113.42 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 profrd03 Prod IHAP Fraud 211 fraud 10.133.129.33 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 prohrp01 Prod Projects # N/ A #N / A # N / A 192.168.33.88 AIX 5.3 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 prohrp02 Prod Projects # N/ A #N / A # N / A 192.168.33.94 AIX 5.3 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 prohrp03 Prod Projects # N/ A #N / A # N / A 10.130.33.89 AIX 5.3 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 prohrp04 Prod Projects # N/ A #N / A # N / A 10.130.33.90 AIX 5.3 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 prohrp05 Prod Projects # N/ A #N / A # N / A 10.130.33.95 AIX 5.3 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 proidm01 Prod IHAP Oracle Identity Management 359 Oracleidentity management 10.133.33.53 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 proidm02 Prod IHAP Oracle Identity Management 359 Oracleidentity management 10.133.33.54 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 proiii03 Prod Infra precise 396 precise 10.1.17.25 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 proims11 Prod Projects # N/ A #N / A # N / A 10.133.65.70 SunOS 5.10 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 proims13 Prod Projects # N/ A #N / A # N / A 10.133.65.72 SunOS 5.10 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 proims14 Prod Projects # N/ A #N / A # N / A 10.133.65.73 SunOS 5.10 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 proims15 Prod Projects # N/ A #N / A # N / A 10.133.65.74 SunOS 5.10 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 proims16 Prod Projects # N/ A #N / A # N / A 10.133.33.65 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 proims17 Prod Projects # N/ A #N / A # N / A 10.133.33.66 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 proipc01 Prod Infra IP Control 264 IP Control 10.133.17.104 SunOS 5.10 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 proipc02 Prod Infra IP Control 264 IP Control 10.1.24.166 SunOS 5.10 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 proiqc01 Prod Infra IP Control 264 IP Control 10.133.17.86 SunOS 5.9 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 proisp01 Prod # N / A #N / A # N / A # N / A 10.130.33.98 AIX 5.3 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 proisp02 Prod # N / A #N / A # N / A # N / A 10.130.33.99 AIX 5.3 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 proitg01 Prod Infra Mercury ITG 298 Mercury ITG 10.133.33.52 HP - UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 proivr01 Prod IHAP IVR 271 IVR 10.1.16.214 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 proivr02 Prod IHAP IVR 271 IVR 10.1.16.215 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 projda01 Prod IHAP Retail Reinvention 429 Retail Reinvention 10.133.81.94 AIX 5.3 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 projda02 Prod IHAP Retail Reinvention 429 Retail Reinvention 10.133.81.95 AIX 5.3 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 projmp01 Prod Infra Infrastructure 253 Infrastructure 10.1.24.99 SunOS 5.10 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prolnm01 Prod Infra Datacomm 129 DataComm 10.133.113.43 SunOS 5.9 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 prolnm02 Prod Infra Datacomm 129 DataComm 10.133.113.44 SunOS 5.9 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 prolnm03 Prod Infra Datacomm 129 DataComm 10.133.113.45 SunOS 5.9 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 prolnm04 Prod Infra Datacomm 129 DataComm 10.133.113.46 SunOS 5.9 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 prolnm05 Prod Infra Datacomm 129 DataComm 10.14.1.136 SunOS 5.9 FRISCO #N / A #N / A 1 prolnm06 Prod Infra Datacomm 129 DataComm 10.14.1.138 SunOS 5.9 FRISCO #N / A #N / A 1 prolog01 Prod Infra Infrastructure 253 Infrastructure 10.1.24.58 HP - UX 11.23 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prolog02 Prod Infra Infrastructure 253 Infrastructure 10.133.17.68 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 proloy01 Prod IHAP Loyalty 644 Loyalty 10.1.16.21 HP - UX 11.00 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 promam01 Prod IHAP Application mapping 20 application mapping 10.133.17.60 HP - UX 11.11 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 prombx01 Prod # N / A #N / A # N / A # N / A 10.133.81.80 HP - UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 promcd03 Prod IHAP Merced 296 Merced 10.133.225.30 SunOS 5.9 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 promcd04 Prod IHAP ECHO 155 Echo 10.1.16.246 SunOS 5.9 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 promom01 Prod Infra Monitor of Monitor 306 Monitor of Monitor 10.133.17.70 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 promqc01 Prod Billing MQ Series 308 mq series 10.133.113.36 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 promqs01 Prod IHAP MQ Series 308 mq series 10.133.225.44 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 promqs02 Prod IHAP MQ Series 308 mq series 10.133.225.47 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 promto01 Prod Billing Maestro 288 Maestro Master 10.1.17.80 HP - UX 11.23 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 promto02 Prod Billing Maestro 288 Maestro Master 10.1.17.81 HP -UX 11.23 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 promtr01 Prod IHAP My T - Retail 320 My Tmo Retail 10.133.17.98 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 promtr02 Prod IHAP My T - Retail 320 My Tmo Retail 10.133.17.99 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 promtr03 Prod IHAP My T - Retail 320 My Tmo Retail 10.133.17.100 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 promtr07 Prod IHAP My T - Retail 320 My Tmo Retail 10.133.17.87 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 promtr08 Prod IHAP My T - Retail 320 My Tmo Retail 10.133.17.88 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 pronas01 Prod Infra DataComm - OpsWare 672 DataComm - OpsWare 10.133.17.26 SunOS 5.9 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 pronas02 Prod Infra DataComm - OpsWare 672 DataComm - OpsWare 10.133.17.27 SunOS 5.9 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 pronnm01 Prod Infra Openview 353 openview 10.1.17.22 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 pronnm02 Prod Infra Openview 353 openview 10.65.84.32 HP -UX 11.00 TAMPA #N/ A #N / A 1 pronnm03 Prod Infra Openview 353 openview 10.65.24.65 HP -UX 11.11 TAMPA #N/ A #N / A 1 prooim01 Prod Projects # N/ A #N / A # N / A 10.133.33.95 HP -UX 11.23 TAMPA #N/ A #N / A 1 prooim02 Prod Projects # N/ A #N / A # N / A 10.133.33.96 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 proopv01 Prod Infra Openview 353 openview 10.1.80.104 HP -UX 11.00 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 proopv02 Prod Infra Openview 353 openview 10.65.16.48 HP -UX 11.00 TAMPA #N/ A #N / A 1 proopv03 Prod Infra Openview 353 Openview 10.1.17.21 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 proopv05 Prod Infra Openview 353 Openview 10.65.24.64 HP -UX 11.11 TAMPA #N/ A #N / A 1 proopw11 Prod Infra Opsware 356 Opsware 10.133.17.150 Linux 4AS - X86_64 NEXUS
#N / A #N / A 1 proopw12 Prod Infra Opsware 356 Opsware 10.133.17.151 SunOS 5.10 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 proopw13 Prod Infra Opsware 356 Opsware 10.14.1.98 Linux 4AS - X86_64 FRISCO #N / A #N / A 1 proopw14 Prod Infra Opsware 356 Opsware 10.14.1.97 SunOS 5.10 FRISCO #N / A #N / A 1 proopw15 Prod Infra Opsware 356 Opsware 10.14.100.98 Linux 4AS - X86_64 FRISCO_SEG
#N / A #N / A 1 proopw16 Prod Infra Opsware 356 Opsware 5.200.22.98 Linux 4AS - X86_64 FRISCO_NMNET
#N / A #N / A 1 proopw17 Prod Infra Opsware 356 Opsware 10.1.24.167 Linux 4AS - X86_64 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 proopw18 Prod Infra Opsware 356 Opsware 10.1.24.168 SunOS 5.10 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 proopw19 Prod Infra Opsware 356 Opsware 10.1.108.30 Linux 4AS - X86_64 BTH7_BLD
# N/ A #N / A 1 proopw20 Prod Infra Opsware 356 Opsware 10.65.16.32 Linux 4AS - X86_64 TAMPA #N / A #N / A 1 proosr01 Prod IHAP Operational Sales Reporting 354 operational sales reporting 10.133.65.32 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 propaz01 Prod Infra Topaz 603 topaz 10.73.17.25 HP -UX 11.11 TAMPA #N/ A #N / A 1 propcr01 Prod # N / A #N / A # N / A # N / A 10.133.17.65 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 propda02 Prod Infra DB archive 131 DB archive 10.1.16.174 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 propop01 Prod IHAP popup banner 387 popup banner 10.1.24.70 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 propop02 Prod IHAP popup banner 387 popup banner 10.1.24.71 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 proppi01 Prod # N / A #N / A #N / A # N / A 10.130.33.111 AIX 5.3 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 proppi02 Prod # N / A #N / A # N / A # N / A 10.130.33.112 AIX 5.3 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 proppi03 Prod # N / A #N / A # N / A # N / A 10.130.33.113 AIX 5.3 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 proppi04 Prod # N / A #N / A # N / A # N / A 10.130.33.114 AIX 5.3 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 propps01 Prod Infra Power Password 395 Power Password 10.1.24.57 HP -UX 11.23 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 propps02 Prod Infra Power Password 395 Power Password 10.133.17.67 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 proppw01 Prod Infra Power Password 395 Power Password 10.1.16.198 HP -UX 11.23 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 proppw02 Prod Infra Power Password 395 Power Password 10.1.17.26 HP -UX 11.23 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 proppw05 Prod Infra Power Password 395 Power Password 10.65.16.61 HP -UX 11.23 TAMPA #N/ A #N / A 1 proppw06 Prod Infra Power Password 395 Power Password 10.65.24.53 HP -UX 11.23 TAMPA #N/ A #N / A 1 proprf01 Prod Infra Perf View 381 Perf View 10.1.16.169 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 proprf02 Prod Projects # N/ A #N / A # N / A 10.1.17.111 HP - UX 11.23 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 proprs01 Prod Billing PAG Reporting Server 370 PAG Reporting Server 10.133.81.38 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 proprt02 Prod Infra Unix Infrastructure 698 Print server 10.1.16.34 HP -UX 11.00 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 proptl01 Prod IHAP Retail Reinvention - Portal 703 Retail Reinvention - Portal 10.133.65.34 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 proqad01 Prod IHAP Quadstone 409 Quadstone 10.133.225.38 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 proqrm01 Prod Infra Infrastructure 253 Infrastructure 10.1.16.52 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 proqrm02 Prod Infra Infrastructure 253 Infrastructure 10.133.113.50 HP - UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 proqrm03 Prod Infra Infrastructure 253 Infrastructure 10.133.113.57 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 prorat01 Prod IHAP Revenue Assurance 435 revenue assurance 10.133.81.58 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 proray01 Prod Projects SunRay 558 SunRay 10.133.65.35 SunOS 5.10 - X86 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 proray02 Prod Projects SunRay 558 SunRay 10.133.65.36 SunOS 5.10 - X86 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 prorep01 Prod Billing Auxiliary DB 30 Auxiliary DB - Cust Copy 10.133.65.33 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 prormd03 Prod Infra Remedy 421 remedy 10.65.16.53 HP -UX 11.00 TAMPA #N/ A #N / A 1 prormd04 Prod Infra Remedy 421 remedy 10.1.16.153 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prormd05 Prod Infra Remedy 421 remedy 10.1.16.154 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prormd06 Prod Infra Remedy 421 remedy 10.133.17.61 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 prormd07 Prod Infra Remedy 421 remedy 10.133.17.62 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 prormd08 Prod Infra Remedy 421 remedy 10.133.17.63 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 prormd09 Prod Infra Remedy 421 remedy 10.133.17.64 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 prormd10 Prod Infra Remedy 421 remedy 10.132.149.108 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 prormd20 Prod Infra Remedy 421 remedy 10.133.35.40 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 prormd21 Prod Infra Remedy 421 remedy 10.133.35.41 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 prormd22 Prod Infra Remedy 421 remedy 10.133.35.42 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 prormd24 Prod Infra Remedy 421 remedy 10.133.35.44 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 prormd25 Prod Projects # N/ A #N / A # N / A 10.133.35.45 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 prosan01 Prod Infra SAN Infrastructure 699 SAN TEAM 10.1.24.147 SunOS 5.9 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prosan02 Prod Infra SAN Infrastructure 699 SAN TEAM 10.1.24.148 SunOS 5.9 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prosan03 Prod Infra SAN Infrastructure 699 SAN TEAM 10.1.24.149 SunOS 5.9 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prosan04 Prod Infra SAN Infrastructure 699 SAN TEAM 10.1.24.150 SunOS 5.9 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prosan05 Prod Infra SAN Infrastructure 699 SAN TEAM 10.14.1.171 SunOS 5.9 FRISCO #N / A #N / A 1 prosan06 Prod Infra SAN Infrastructure 699 SAN TEAM 10.14.1.172 SunOS 5.9 FRISCO #N / A #N / A 1 prosan07 Prod Infra SAN Infrastructure 699 SAN TEAM 10.65.16.65 SunOS 5.9 TAMPA #N/ A #N / A 1 prosan08 Prod Infra SAN Infrastructure 699 SAN TEAM 10.65.16.36 SunOS 5.9 TAMPA #N/ A #N / A 1 prosan09 Prod Infra SAN Infrastructure 699 SAN TEAM 10.132.113.50 SunOS 5.9 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 prosan10 Prod Infra SAN Infrastructure 699 SAN TEAM 10.132.113.52 SunOS 5.9 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 prosap01 Prod IHAP SAP - VPR 488 SAP - VPR 10.1.16.170 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prosap02 Prod IHAP SAP - HRQ 465 SAP - HRQ 10.1.24.31 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prosap03 Prod IHAP SAP - HRQ 465 SAP - HRQ 10.1.16.28 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prosap05 Prod IHAP SAP - ISP 467 SAP - ISP 10.1.16.30 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prosap06 Prod IHAP SAP - HRP 464 SAP - HRP 10.1.16.31 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prosap07 Prod IHAP SAP - VPR 488 SAP - VPR 10.1.24.32 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prosap08 Prod IHAP SAP - VDV 486 SAP - VDV 10.1.16.53 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prosap10 Prod IHAP SAP - HRP 464 SAP - HRP 10.1.16.69 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prosap11 Prod IHAP SAP - PCD 470 SAP - PCD 10.1.17.43 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prosap12 Prod IHAP SAP - VPR 488 SAP - VPR 10.1.16.24 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prosap13 Prod IHAP SAP - PCD 470 SAP - PCD 10.1.16.87 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prosap14 Prod IHAP SAP - PBP 469 SAP - PBP 10.1.16.172 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prosap15 Prod IHAP SAP - VPR 488 SAP - VPR 10.1.16.210 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prosap16 Prod IHAP SAP - EPR 460 SAP - EPR 10.1.16.27 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prosap17 Prod IHAP SAP - EPR 460 SAP - EPR 10.1.24.112 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prosap18 Prod IHAP SAP - EPR 460 SAP - EPR 10.1.24.113 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prosap19 Prod IHAP SAP - ISP 467 SAP - ISP 10.1.24.114 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prosap20 Prod IHAP SAP - VPR 488 SAP - VPR 10.1.16.221 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prosap21 Prod IHAP SAP - ISP 467 SAP - ISP 10.1.16.26 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prosap22 Prod IHAP SAP - ISP 467 SAP - ISP 10.1.16.171 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prosap24 Prod IHAP SAP - PDM 472 SAP - PDM 10.1.16.145 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prosap25 Prod IHAP SAP - PDM 472 SAP - PDM 10.1.24.202 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prosap26 Prod IHAP SAP - HRP 464 SAP - HRP 10.1.16.179 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prosap27 Prod IHAP SAP - HRP 464 SAP - HRP 10.1.16.112 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prosap28 Prod IHAP SAP - HRP 464 SAP - HRP 10.1.16.199 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prosap29 Prod IHAP SAP - PDM 472 SAP - PDM 10.1.24.203 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prosap30 Prod IHAP SAP - General 461 SAP - General 10.1.24.204 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prosap32 Prod IHAP SAP - PBP 469 SAP - PBP 10.1.16.134 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prosap34 Prod IHAP SAP - PCD 470 SAP - PCD 10.1.24.209 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prosap35 Prod IHAP SAP - General 461 SAP - General 10.1.24.210 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prosap36 Prod IHAP SAP - SMP 480 SAP - SMP 10.1.16.239 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prosap37 Prod IHAP SAP - General 461 SAP - General 10.1.16.248 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prosav01 Prod IHAP Save Offers 514 Save Offers 10.133.17.162 SunOS 5.10 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 prosav02 Prod IHAP Save Offers 514 Save Offers 10.133.17.163 SunOS 5.10 NEXUS #N/ A #N/ A 1 prosav03 Prod IHAP Save Offers 514 Save Offers 10.133.17.164 SunOS 5.10 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 prosav04 Prod IHAP Save Offers 514 Save Offers 10.133.17.132 SunOS 5.10 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 prosav05 Prod IHAP Save Offers 514 Save Offers 10.133.33.61 HP - UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 prosav06 Prod IHAP Save Offers 514 Save Offers 10.133.33.62 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 proscc01 Prod Projects Suncomm 557 Suncomm 10.130.225.56 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 proscc02 Prod Projects # N/ A #N / A # N / A 10.130.225.57 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 proscc03 Prod Projects Suncomm 557 Suncomm 10.133.33.97 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 proscc04 Prod Projects # N/ A #N / A # N / A 10.133.128.67 HP -UX 11.31 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 proscc05 Prod Projects # N/ A #N / A # N / A 10.133.129.50 HP - UX 11.31 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 prosem01 Prod Infra Security 517 Security 10.1.61.100 SunOS 5.9 TAMPA #N/ A #N / A 1 prosem02 Prod Infra Security 517 Security 10.1.61.101 SunOS 5.9 TAMPA #N/ A #N / A 1 prosem04 Prod Infra Security 517 Security 10.1.61.103 SunOS 5.9 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prosem05 Prod Infra Security 517 Security 10.46.63.102 SunOS 5.9 TAMPA #N/ A #N/ A 1 prosem06 Prod Infra Security 517 Security 10.46.63.103 SunOS 5.9 TAMPA #N/ A #N / A 1 prosem07 Prod Infra Security 517 Security 10.81.63.102 SunOS 5.9 TAMPA #N/ A #N / A 1 prosem08 Prod Infra Security 517 Security 10.81.63.103 SunOS 5.9 TAMPA #N/ A #N / A 1 prosem09 Prod Infra Security 517 Security 10.65.61.102 SunOS 5.9 TAMPA #N/ A #N / A 1 prosem10 Prod Infra Security 517 Security 10.65.61.103 SunOS 5.9 TAMPA #N/ A #N / A 1 proser01 Prod IHAP Serialization 520 Serialization 10.133.225.41 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 proser02 Prod IHAP Serialization 520 Serialization 10.133.225.42 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 prosft01 Prod IHAP People Soft 380 People Soft 10.1.17.249 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prosmp01 Prod # N / A #N / A #N / A # N / A 10.130.33.226 AIX 5.3 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 prosmp02 Prod # N / A #N / A #N / A # N / A 10.130.33.227 AIX 5.3 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 prospc01 Prod IHAP DataComm - Spectrum 673 DataComm - Spectrum 10.133.113.65 SunOS 5.10 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 prospc02 Prod IHAP DataComm - Spectrum 673 DataComm - Spectrum 10.14.1.127 SunOS
5.10 FRISCO #N / A #N / A 1 prospc03 Prod IHAP DataComm - Spectrum 673 DataComm - Spectrum 10.65.20.161 SunOS 5.10 TAMPA #N/ A #N / A 1 prospc04 Prod IHAP DataComm - Spectrum 673 DataComm - Spectrum 10.1.4.193 SunOS 5.10 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prospy01 Prod Billing Centivia 75 Centivia 10.133.225.36 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 prospy02 Prod Billing Centivia 75 Centivia 10.133.225.37 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 prostr01 Prod Billing Oracle Streams DB 361 Oracle Streams DB 10.1.16.104 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prosys01 Prod Infra DataComm - Syslog 674 DataComm - Syslog 10.1.63.103 SunOS 5.9 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prosys02 Prod Infra DataComm - Syslog 674 DataComm - Syslog 10.133.81.59 SunOS 5.9 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 prosys03 Prod Infra DataComm - Syslog 674 DataComm - Syslog 10.133.81.60 SunOS 5.9 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 prosys04 Prod Infra DataComm - Syslog 674 DataComm - Syslog 10.14.1.132 SunOS 5.9 FRISCO #N / A #N / A 1 prosys05 Prod Infra DataComm - Syslog 674 DataComm - Syslog 10.14.1.134 SunOS 5.9 FRISCO #N / A #N / A 1 protbm01 Prod Projects # N/ A #N / A # N / A 10.133.65.54 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 protbm01 Prod Projects # N/ A #N / A # N / A 10.133.65.54 HP -UX 11.31 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 protbm02 Prod Projects # N/ A #N / A # N / A 10.133.65.55 HP -UX 11.31 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 protbm02 Prod Projects # N/ A #N / A # N / A 10.133.65.55 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 proter11 Prod # N / A #N / A #N / A # N / A 10.130.225.58 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 proter12 Prod # N / A #N / A #N / A # N / A 10.130.225.59 HP - UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 proter13 Prod # N / A #N / A # N / A # N / A 10.130.225.60 HP - UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 proter14 Prod # N / A #N / A #N / A # N / A 10.130.225.16 HP - UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 proter15 Prod # N / A #N / A # N / A # N / A 10.130.225.17 HP - UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 proter16 Prod # N / A #N / A #N / A # N / A 10.130.225.18 HP - UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 protes02 Prod Infra Tidal 583 Tidal 10.65.16.62 HP -UX 11.00 TAMPA #N/ A #N / A 1 protil01 Prod Infra Tidal 583 Tidal 10.1.16.22 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 protil02 Prod Infra Tidal 583 Tidal 10.1.16.40 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 protlf01 Prod Infra TeaLeaf 571 TeaLeaf 10.1.24.94 Linux 4ES BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 protlf02 Prod Infra TeaLeaf 571 TeaLeaf 10.1.24.92 Linux 4ES BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 protnt01 Prod IHAP TN Tracker 602 TNTracker 10.133.81.93 SunOS 5.10 TAMPA #N/ A #N / A 1 protnt02 Prod IHAP TN Tracker 602 TNTracker 10.65.21.165 SunOS 5.10 TAMPA #N/ A #N/ A 1 protrx01 Prod Infra File transfer 206 File transfer 10.1.16.121 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 protrx02 Prod Infra File transfer 206 File transfer 10.1.16.122 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prousg01 Prod Billing Samson - Usage 691 Samson Usage 10.1.16.72 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prousg02 Prod Billing Samson - Usage 691 Samson Usage 10.1.16.226 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prousg03 Prod Billing Samson - Usage 691 Samson Usage 10.1.16.80 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prousg04 Prod Billing Samson - Usage 691 Samson Usage 10.1.16.75 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prousg05 Prod Billing Samson - Usage 691 Samson Usage 10.1.16.89 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prousg06 Prod Billing Samson - Usage 691 Samson Usage 10.1.16.92 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prousg07 Prod Billing Samson - Usage 691 Samson Usage 10.1.16.93 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prousg08 Prod Billing Samson - Usage 691 Samson Usage 10.1.16.180 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prousg09 Prod Billing Samson - Usage 691 Samson Usage 10.1.16.211 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prousg10 Prod Billing Samson - Usage 691 Samson Usage 10.1.16.227 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prousg11 Prod Billing Samson - Usage 691 Samson Usage 10.1.16.228 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prousg12 Prod Billing Samson - Usage 691 Samson Usage 10.1.16.229 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prousg13 Prod Billing Samson - Usage 691 Samson Usage 10.133.113.152 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 prousg14 Prod Billing Samson - Usage 691 Samson Usage 10.133.113.154 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 prousg31 Prod Billing Samson - Usage 691 Samson Usage 10.133.81.69 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 prousg32 Prod Billing Samson - Usage 691 Samson Usage 10.133.81.70 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 prousg33 Prod Billing Samson - Usage 691 Samson Usage 10.133.81.122 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 prouws01 Prod Infra Infrastructure 253 Infrastructure 10.1.16.236 HP -UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 prowdc01 Prod Infra DataComm - Syslog 674 DataComm - Syslog 10.133.17.29 SunOS 5.9 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 prowfm01 Prod IHAP work force mgt 669 work force mgt 10.1.16.55 HP - UX 11.11 BOTHELL_7 #N / A #N / A 1 proxfr03 Prod Infra Connect Direct 106 Connect Direct 10.133.33.130 HP -UX 11.11 NEXUS #N/ A #N / A 1 proxfr04 Prod Infra Connect Direct 106 Connect Direct 10.133.65.37 HP -UX 11.23 NEXUS #N / A #N / A 1 _______________________________________________
Full - Disclosure -
We believe in it .
Charter : http://lists.grok.org.uk/full-disclosure-charter.html
Hosted and sponsored by Secunia - http://secunia.com/
By Date By Thread Current thread : T - Mobile sources and data pwnmobile ( Jun 06 )
MOOD OF AMERICA : BAD NOW , OPTIMISTIC FOR THE FUTURE MOOD OF AMERICA : BAD NOW , OPTIMISTIC FOR THE FUTURE MEXICO , Missouri  Americans say they 're still in a tunnel , but more are beginning to see a light at its end .
Fewer people say they 've prospered over the past year than in decades , a USA TODAY / Gallup Poll finds .
Over the past two months , however , expectations for the future have brightened significantly amid rising optimism about a stock market rebound and economic turnaround .
" I think the administration is going in the right direction , " says Randall Sawyer , 70 , retired from the pulpit at First Christian Church in this Missouri town of 11,000 souls .
Sawyer , who voted for Barack Obama last year , is n't sure every part of the president 's program will work but says " standing still was n't working ; something had to be done . "
Even so , he adds : " I think boom time is a long time away . "
Now 36 % of those surveyed in the Gallup - Healthways well - being poll say the economy is getting better .
That 's not exactly head - over - heels exuberance , but it is double the number who felt that way at the beginning of the year and a notable spike in the nation 's frame of mind .
Thirty - three percent say they 're satisfied with the way things are going in the United States ; in January , just 13 % did .
The mood of America matters when it comes to the economy 's course .
A business owner who thinks the economy is turning around is less likely to lay off workers , for instance .
A consumer who feels more confident about the future is more likely to buy a new car or house , which fuels growth .
In recessions since World War II , five or six months of higher consumer confidence reliably signaled that a recovery was on its way .
David Neuendorf , CEO of the Audrain Medical Center , the biggest employer in town , sees the first signs of that on the hospital 's balance books .
Last year , the medical center recorded double - digit declines in surgeries and visits to its physician clinics as clients lost health insurance or counted their pennies .
The number of bad debts that had to be written off jumped 28 % in January and February over the previous year .
One result : 45 jobs cut .
In April , though , there was an notable increase in elective procedures .
" Only a month or two does n't make a trend , " Neuendorf says , " but at least it 's positive . "
Economist Allen Sinai attributes the sunnier outlook to a stock market that is climbing from its low point — people can see the value of hard - hit retirement accounts begin to rebuild — and a sense that the Obama administration is pursuing an aggressive agenda .
There 's relief that the country has n't slid into a 1930s - style depression .
" The one anomaly in the puzzle is that people should n't be feeling better because the jobs market is so terrible and unemployment is likely to keep rising , " says Sinai , CEO of Decision Economics .
The jobless rate hit 9.4 % last month , the highest in more than a quarter century .
If unemployment goes higher and stays there , as he and other analysts predict , that could undercut the brightening outlook — especially if coupled with a spike in gasoline prices , higher interest rates or an unexpected economic hit .
Americans say they 're braced :
By more than 4 to 1 , those surveyed predicted unemployment would go up during the next six months .
By more than 2 to 1 , however , they also expected the stock market to rise and the economy to grow .
Optimism has increased more among highly educated Americans , who are the most likely to own stocks , than among those with less education , who are the most likely to be unemployed .
" I do n't know if things are getting better or worse , " says Lori Anderson , 27 , as she watches daughter Kyriah , 3 , and son Kyree , 7 , take advantage of a break in days of rain to play outdoors .
" I know it does take time .
It does n't happen overnight . "
Her husband was laid off from his factory job in November .
To pay the bills , she has started a job at Missouri Girls Town , a residential facility in nearby Kingdom City for abused and neglected girls .
She has re-enrolled in the local community college with plans to become a licensed practical nurse , a job she figures will be in demand even during hard times .
At the moment , though , keeping her balance is tough .
" I 've got a full - time job , and I 'm a full - time student and , I guess , a full - time mom " for her four young children .
If and when her husband lands a job , she 'll quit hers .
" I do hope the economy gets better , " she says , " so I can go back to focusing on school and the kids . "
Local gossip and world affairs
For close to two decades , an informal group of men in Mexico who call themselves the Manure Inn Society — it 's a long story why — has been meeting for breakfast on Saturday mornings to dissect local gossip and world affairs .
When he 's home from Washington , Republican Sen .
Kit Bond often joins them .
Coin flips determine who picks up the tab of $ 40 or so .
Around the big table in the middle of the Jackson Street Diner , across from the town 's central square , the economy often is the subject of the day .
There is growing angst over a mounting federal deficit from the $ 787 billion stimulus package and bailouts for banks and automakers .
" My concern is how we 're going to pay for it , " says retired banker John Cline — although he also boasts that construction is about to begin on the new MU Plant Science Research Center , slated to receive $ 2.5 million in federal stimulus money .
It will explore alternative energy and other uses for crops such as soybeans that flourish on the farmland surrounding the town .
Dan Botts , a real estate agent who serves on the City Council , worries about the government bailing out banks and automakers .
" I 'm more of a free - market type person , " he says .
He has felt the downturn 's sting .
" I went from a four - office company to a no - office company in 12 months , " he says ruefully .
Housing prices dropped 5 - 10 % last year in the area and foreclosures rose .
His Coldwell Banker franchise folded .
He 's now working in the local Century 21 office .
The recession , the longest economic downturn in the United States since the 1930s , has shaken some basic American precepts .
Now , 24 % of those surveyed say they are " very satisfied " that there is the opportunity for a person in America to get ahead by working hard .
That 's a decline of one - third since January 2008 and the lowest level in at least eight years .
" This backdrop of the ' American dream ' is an important context , " says Mark Rank , a professor of social work at Washington University in St. Louis .
" Americans typically are kind of an optimistic group , so we think that traditionally the future will be better than the current situation .
It will be interesting to see how long this recession goes on and the impact it has on people 's perceptions . "
Satisfaction with the overall quality of life in the United States and with the country 's " moral and ethical climate " has eroded .
So has faith in the system of government and how well it works .
On some measures , a sharp partisan divide has emerged — presumably a reaction to Obama 's election and the policies pursued by the White House and Democratic - controlled Congress .
Satisfaction among Republicans in " the size and power of the federal government " has plunged to 15 % from 51 % over the past year .
Among Democrats , it has risen to 55 % from 41 % .
Democrats are much more optimistic about the prospects for an economic turnaround for the country and in their own lives .
Sixty - one percent of Democrats but only 36 % of Republicans predicted the economy would grow over the next six months .
Three - fourths of Democrats but only half of Republicans said they expected to be financially better off a year from now .
After three years of planning and effort , Frank Cordie has managed to line up the financing he needs to resume production of the bricks that once defined Mexico as the " fire brick capital of the world . "
Assuming his request for a federal loan guarantee comes through , he plans to take ownership within three months of part of a former A.P. Green Company factory that shut operations in 2002 and restart production of bricks for houses next year .
" We 're obviously in the throes of a severe recession , and I 'm not sure what the timing is going to be to get out of it , " the 56 - year - old engineer says as he gives a tour of the complex .
Weeds flourish on the walkways but the carts that carry bricks through the kilns remain on their tracks , ready to go .
His ability to get a loan and the outlook for housing that would use bricks are better now than they were a few months ago , Cordie says , adding : " Hopefully we have bottomed out and are ready to start recovery . "
' Keeping their fingers crossed '
When it comes to the economy , there is more faith in Obama as a leader than approval for his policies .
In the poll , 61 % approved of the job he 's doing as president , but a 51 % majority disapproved of the job he has done in controlling federal spending .
" Americans are keeping their fingers crossed , " Democratic pollster Stan Greenberg says .
" There 's a lot of confidence in Obama . "
That personal investment carries some risk for the president , he says , especially if Americans ' lives do n't improve as quickly as they expect .
In a book published this year about his work for five charismatic politicians , from former president Bill Clinton to former British prime minister Tony Blair , Greenberg found they all disappointed their followers at some point when hard times persisted .
" All the leaders at some point have a disconnect on the economy , " he says .
" They falter on that critical turn , when the economy is beginning to turn up in macro terms but people are lagging behind . "
For Obama , that could happen if the economic growth picks up but unemployment stays high .
David Reetz , 49 , owner of the Mexico Music store off the town square , is optimistic that the nation will work through the downturn now , just as it did during the Great Depression that his parents survived .
" When things get hard , it 's actually good for a person , " he says .
" You work harder and build muscle or whatever — if we keep a good attitude , and know there 's always an answer . "
Concern about the recession was one reason he decided to take a full - time job last fall as the music teacher in the rural Madison School District , where he does everything from play songs on the banjo for kindergarteners to direct the high school choir .
In recent weeks , he has also launched a community Dixieland band .
He plays trombone ; his wife is on bass ; others play the banjo , trumpet and drums .
They 're trying to recruit a clarinetist .
A week ago , the fledging Audrain Liberty Jazz Band debuted in the back room of Coach 's Pizza World for an hour and then spilled onto the sidewalk to continue in the middle of town , drawing a small crowd for renditions of When the Saints Go Marching In and This Little Light of Mine .
" We play until we run out of repertoire , " Reetz says .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
A Port Jefferson Station man admitted yesterday in court that he broke into a female colleague 's Mastic [ NY ] home , raped her and fatally stabbed her sleeping boyfriend .
Tomas Peck , 27 , pleaded guilty to second - degree murder , first - degree rape and other charges in Riverhead , in a deal that will put him in prison for 25 years to life . [...]
Armed with a hunting knife , Peck entered the victim 's home on Feb. 10 , 2008 , using a key he'd obtained earlier , he said .
Finding the pair asleep in their bedroom , Peck said he plunged his knife several times into the back of Tyrone A. Terry , 21 , a correction officer from Henderson , N.C. , who 'd come to Suffolk for a two - week visit .
Terry woke , attempted to fight off his attacker , but Peck kept stabbing him until he was dead , he said .
Peck 's lawyer , Steven Wilutis of Miller Place , described the attack as a crime of passion .
Peck had sought a romantic relationship with his colleague , and upon discovering her with another man , became enraged and jealous .
Assistant District Attorney James Chalifoux said Peck and the woman were friends from work , " but anything beyond that was a figment of Mr. Peck 's imagination . "
From the Chicago Tribune
The intent of this crime was acquaintance rape .
A crime that many people continue to dismiss or disregard unless it reaches this level of violence .
Since the woman 's murdered boyfriend was a corrections officer visiting her from North Carolina , Peck was either surprised to find his intended rape victim not asleep alone or he was enraged that she had a boyfriend staying with her and was intent on eliminating the competition .
If this woman had been alone there might not have been proof other than her word that he was a violent rapist .
Too many of the same people who react to this crime , as committed , with horror would be rushing to find excuses for Peck 's behavior .
Or they might have skipped the excuses completely and started spouting , " Women lie about rape .
How can we ever know if this was anything more than morning after regret to hide the fact that she was cheating on her boyfriend ?
She claims she was raped at knife - point but she was n't cut so she has no proof .
She has bruises but consensual sex can also leave bruises .
" He had a key .
For those who rush to judge alleged rape victims that would point toward consent or provide what they would claim must be considered reasonable doubt .
The prosecution would n't be able to prove how he got that key so the defense would claim that the rape victim gave him that key .
And people know what it means when a woman gives a man a key to her apartment , right ?
The typical verbal attacks against rape victims who have only their own testimony that they were raped and did not consent may have caused prior rape victims of this man to not report him .
That would mean that the , " Women lie about rape , " crowd contributed to the murder of Tyrone Terry .
Of course just as they deny most rapes , they will deny their contribution to sex-related violence .
Even in this case , the specter of consent , or assumed consent , was raised by the defense attorney .
This is the typical denial that gets accepted again and again , helping more rapists to rationalize their criminal actions .
Peck did n't break in to that woman 's apartment intending to rape her , he entered ( with a hunting knife ) seeking a romantic relationship .
That 's rationalization and tells us only how someone can justify committing sexual violence and , in this case , murder as well .
Most people see this lie for what it is because an innocent man is dead .
But all those who see this truth in this case must , if they are ethical people , see it in cases where there is no other man present to get in the way of a rapist 's desire for a " romantic relationship . "
Labels : legal
It appears that the Florida law firm of Fetterman & Associates not only litigates but spontaneously creates personal injury cases .
Robert and Heather Friedrich went to the law firm in search of recovery for injuries from an accident — they found it , albeit for injuries in the law firm itself when Robert sat in a defective chair .
A jury has awarded the couple more than $ 2 million for the injury .
Robert and Heather were seeking representation for injuries from a car accident when they went to the law firm .
The chair ’s failure caused Robert to fall backwards and hit his head — causing him medical bills of more than $ 200,000 and the loss of his job .
The jury in this comparative negligence state apportioning 67.5 percent of the liability to the furniture store that sold the chair to the firm in 1998 and 32.5 percent to Fetterman .
The chair was purchased from Brandon Home Furnishings in January 1998 and was defectively manufactured according to the jury .
On its website , Fetterman proclaims :
Fetterman and Associates , the Law Team , has been helping people with legal problems for more than thirty years .
We seek justice for people who have suffered from the negligence of others , or who have been deprived of their rights or property by insurance companies or big business .
Our focus is protecting the rights of injured people and their families .
Of course , sometimes it is not the negligence of others that brings cases to the firm .
At times , a predator can become prey in the world of personal injury law .
In defense of the firm , however , I fail to see how the firm is responsible for a defectively manufactured chair unless there was some warning or overt weakness .
Perhaps such evidence was introduced .
Otherwise , it is a bit of a harsh burden for offices to be responsible for latent defects in chairs .
For the full story , click here .
Share this : Twitter
Reddit
Facebook
Email
Besides the fact that it is down right infuriating to listen to the likes of Saxby Chambliss now feigning concern about fair and free elections anywhere , the Senator also thinks that the Iranian people , if asked , would not remember what the CIA and the United States government did to their democracy back in 1953 .
Reza Aslan pointed out that the opposite is true during his recent appearance on Hardball :
ASLAN : You know , he mentioned the CIA coup of 1953 , which most Americans do n't know anything about , but which , I got to tell you , is like the core event , the ur-event of the 20th century as far as Iranians are concerned .
It 's their revolutionary war , civil war all wrapped up into a single thing .
And to hear a president even mention it , let alone acknowledge it in that way , had a huge effect in the cafes in Iran .
The Republicans continue to use the events in Iran as a game of political football , with little care as to how our actions here , if we 're looked at as meddling again in their politics , could make things worse .
Transcript below the fold .
MATTHEWS : Republican senator Saxby Chambliss of Georgia is a member of the Armed Services and the Intelligence Committees .
What do you make of what Senator Kerry said , Senator Saxby ?
CHAMBLISS : Well , I disagree with Senator Kerry with respect to the president`s not just silence but kind of mutation ( SIC ) on this .
You know , I thought the president was right to give it a day or two to see what direction we thought these elections were going in , Chris .
But now it`s pretty obvious from these large demonstrations all over Iran that these elections were held in a fraudulent way .
And we are a beacon of hope for freedom and democracy around the world , and one thing we`ve always stood for is free and open elections .
Here we know that we`ve got a leader in Iran who was elected in a fraudulent election , and I think it`s incumbent upon this president , just as other world leaders like Sarkozy and the prime minister of Canada have come out very strongly in opposition to these elections and what`s going on , for him to take a stand that`s a pretty strong stand , and we just simply haven`t seen that .
I don`t think it`s the right direction that America needs to be perceived as taking in this situation .
MATTHEWS : Well , we`ve got a long history of interfering in Iran .
We interfered back when they had a democracy in the early part of the `50s , when Kermit Roosevelt and the CIA went in there and overturned those elections and put in the " peacock throne " and enforced a monarchy kind of government .
Do you think we`re credible as critics of democracy of Iran ?
Is the United States credible in the eyes of those people and those crowds as caring about democracy in Iran ?
CHAMBLISS : Oh , I don`t think there`s any question but what we are .
You know , they don`t have to agree with us on everything .
The people that are marching in the streets are not marching in a pro-American way .
They`re simply marching in a protest of an election that was stolen from them .
And as Americans , we ought to be willing to stand up and say , Hey , these people are right and they ought to have a free and open election in Iran , irrespective of whether we have disagreements with them on a major scale on other issues .
But certainly , we have credibility .
MATTHEWS :
Well , I guess it comes down to the question of nationalism and countries resenting outside influence .
I know we would resent it .
We would always resent it , any other country getting involved in our election , especially the disputed election of 2000 .
We don`t want anybody else talking to us about our elections .
Khrushchev back in `60 wanted Kennedy to win , but he didn`t say a word because he knew it would help Nixon .
Wouldn`t it help Ahmadinejad for us to say , We really don`t like the results of your election , we would have preferred it if Mousavi had won ?
CHAMBLISS : Well , you know , that`s not the point .
MATTHEWS : Why is n`t it ?
Because from the point of view over there , won`t they be saying , Hey , you Americans are rooting for the opposition because Ahmadinejad doesn`t like you guys ?
CHAMBLISS : Well , I don`t know that anybody was rooting for the opposition .
I guess you could say that we would have preferred for the other guy to have won , but we don`t know if he would have been any different .
But the point of the matter is that the Iranian people ought to have the right to a free and open election .
They didn`t have that .
They ought to have the right to choose who they want .
And we`re not meddling by simply saying that these elections were not conducted in a free and open and democratic manner .
They advertised them to be that , but it`s pretty obvious that they weren`t .
And for the United States president to be silent on this , Chris , while other leaders are speaking out , I think puts us in a position of saying , Well , you know , we`re just going to go along with whoever gets elected over there , and that`s not -- that`s just not right .
MATTHEWS :
What do you make of the president`s concern that our history over there -- he`s voiced this in the Cairo speech -- that our history over there of getting involved with Kermit Roosevelt and the CIA , overthrowing those elections back in the `50s , getting rid of their democracy when they had one , gives us such a bad reputation in that country that if we go in there now , it`ll look like we`re just trying to grab influence in Iran again to our advantage , to get the oil back , to get the influence back that we had there under the shah ?
CHAMBLISS : Well , that election was , what , almost 60 years ago now .
The world has changed dramatically since then .
And I dare say that you go up to any of those people in Teheran who are protesting in the streets and say , Hey , what about the United States meddling in your election in the `50s , they would shake their heads , like , What in the world are you talking about ?
That`s not what they`re protesting about .
These folks are protesting an election that was stolen from them last week .
And that`s why it`s so critically important that America speak with a loud and clear voice in support of free , open , and democratic elections .
And frankly , Chris , we`re not doing that from an administration standpoint .
You`re hearing folks like John McCain and others out there strongly advocating this position , and they are the ones that are being heard by the Iranian people and not the president of the United States .
By Sean Chaney
Brawn 's Jenson Button coasted to a comfortable sixth win in seven races as he capitalised fully on Sebastian Vettel 's first - lap error in Turkey .
The championship leader got past pole - sitter Vettel when the Red Bull ran wide on the exit of Turn Nine and the Englishman dominated from then onwards .
Vettel finished third behind team - mate Mark Webber while Toyota 's Jarno Trulli drove solidly to end up fourth .
McLaren 's world champion Lewis Hamilton battled hard to finish in 13th .
Williams 's Nico Rosberg had his best finish of the season in fifth place , while Ferrari's Felipe Massa , BMW Sauber 's Robert Kubica and Toyota 's Timo Glock filled the remaining points places down to eighth .
It was my mistake , but Jenson was too quick today , I do n't think I would have been able to hold him off
Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel
The crucial moment of the race was Vettel 's early error that allowed Button to get past him .
Button then built up a commanding lead of almost 12 seconds before his first pit stop and although Vettel got close to Button after that stop he could not get past the Brawn man .
Vettel 's three - stop strategy meant he was light enough to slash Button 's lead but it also allowed his Red Bull team - mate Mark Webber to pass him as he went into the pits for a second time on lap 29 .
To make his strategy work , Vettel needed to use his lighter car 's optimum pace for as long as possible to make up for the time he would lose by doing an extra pit stop .
Instead , the German was unable to pass Button when he caught him before his second stop - and that cost him enough time to lose second place to Webber .
Button 's team - mate Rubens Barrichello had a race to forget as he dropped down 10 places from third to 13th after a clutch problem on the starting grid .
The veteran Brazilian was then embroiled in several battles with the Kers- powered McLarens who used their kinetic energy recovery power boost system to frustrate Barrichello .
Barrichello's day got even worse when he was forced out of the race on lap 48 with a suspected gearbox problem as Brawn suffered their first retirement of the season .
Button 's feat of winning six of the season 's first seven races has only ever been matched by Formula 1 legends Alberto Ascari , Juan Manuel Fangio , Jim Clark and Michael Schumacher - all of whom went on to win the world title .
It was Button 's fourth consecutive Grand Prix win and the last Englishman to win four races in a row was Nigel Mansell in his 1992 championship - winning season .
The 29 - year - old increased his lead at the top of the drivers ' championship to 26 points - he now has 61 in total and has dropped only four points all season .
606 : DEBATE
Button has consistency , he has not made a mistake all season and that is why he is leading the championship !
Darlo - Mattie
" Today the car was the best it 's felt all year , it was immense , it just keeps getting better , maybe it suits this track more than others , " said Button .
" I do n't think the strategy really mattered in this race , we were just really quick .
" The crucial part of the race was getting off the line in second behind Vettel because then I knew I was stopping one or two laps later .
" The start was so important , we were able to take advantage of his mistake and it made it a lot easier , for sure , but the car just felt great in that stint . "
Vettel was also happy with his start as he got away cleanly from pole , but the German doubted he would have had the pace to hold off Button for 58 laps .
" It worked out okay at the start but I nearly lost the car in Turns Nine and Ten .
It was my mistake , and I nearly did it again on the second lap .
" But I do n't think it made a big difference as Jenson was too quick today .
I do n't think I would have been able to hold him .
" I nearly passed him , there was one chance , but it was just too tricky .
I am not happy - but it is a good result for the team .
It 's getting closer and that 's a good thing . "
Brawn boss Ross Brawn paid tribute to Button 's elegant driving style as the Englishman continued his dream start to the season .
" It was a beautiful drive from Jenson , absolutely perfect .
Sebastian 's mistake made it absolutely open but Jenson just managed it perfectly .
It was a wonderful drive .
" He drives in a certain style that does n't look hurried or fussy .
Even when he 's going quick it 's very smooth .
It 's hard to tell when he 's pushing , but he is . "
Hamilton , who this weekend effectively ruled out his chances of retaining his drivers ' title , put in a typically determined effort on a one - stop tyre strategy to finish 13th .
" I actually thoroughly enjoyed the race considering I started back in 16th .
I just pushed and pushed , " he said .
" I did n't have anything left and that 's why I 'm kind of smiling now - I think I fulfilled my driver potential .
" Our biggest problem is that , for example , I was losing nearly 0.5 seconds through Turn Eight .
The car feels heavy .
I 'm trying to get the thing round but it just wo n't go any faster . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
TEHRAN , Iran ( CNN ) -- Supporters of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and his main political rival attended demonstrations at separate locations in Tehran on Tuesday in the wake of last week 's disputed presidential election .
Al - Alam footage shows Ahmadinejad supporters rallying Tuesday in central Tehran .
more photos »
While pro-Ahmadinejad crowds descended on Vali Asr Square in central Tehran , Mir Hossein Moussavi urged his own supporters to cancel their plans to rally at the square after mass protests a day earlier in which seven people were reportedly killed .
Instead , his supporters gathered at a different location in Tehran , according to video footage of the rally .
Iran 's government banned international journalists from covering election rallies Tuesday and blocked access to some online communication tools .
( Full story )
Reporters for international news outlets , including CNN , could talk about the rallies in their live reports but were not allowed to leave their hotel rooms and offices .
The decision was an apparent reaction to video showing violence at recent demonstrations in support of Moussavi , who is disputing the results of Friday 's presidential election .
Watch government coverage of a pro-Ahmadinejad rally »
Iran 's government has criticized some of that coverage and the images , describing them as biased .
Also Tuesday , Iran 's powerful Guardian Council announced a partial vote recount , an apparent U - turn after the country 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei endorsed ultraconservative Ahmadinejad 's win .
The Guardian Council met with the three opposition candidates -- Moussavi , Mehdi Karrubi and Mohsen Rezaie -- and asked them to specify the areas where they wanted a recount , a council spokesman told the official Islamic Republic News Agency .
Watch how the decision may not satisfy the opposition »
Moussavi rejected the recount , according to an official close to his camp , demanding fresh elections and accusing the country 's religious elite of trying to further manipulate the outcome of the original vote .
An official close to the opposition leader 's camp , speaking on condition of anonymity , said a recount would provide another opportunity for the government to manipulate the results .
He said the council ordered the printing of 53 million ballots for the elections , but only 39 million were used .
Fourteen million ballots were missing .
Khamenei appealed to Iranians on Tuesday to stand behind the Islamic republic .
" Some people are against the unity of the Iranian nation and the solidarity of the Islamic system , " Khamenei said in a meeting with representatives of the four presidential candidates , government - funded Press TV reported .
" Such acts and vandalism and some crimes that were committed are not related to the candidates ' supporters but to disturbers of peace and all should stand against them , " Khamenei said .
A former Iranian parliamentary speaker , addressing Tuesday 's pro-Ahmadinejad rally , called on Moussavi to accept defeat .
Gholam Ali Haddad Adel urged Moussavi to " take the leaders ' advice " so that " everyone will benefit "
" I want to remind my brother Mr. Moussavi that we do know that the leadership of the revolution likes you and he has advised you if you have any complaints please refer to the Council of Guardians , " Adel said .
Iranian security forces arrested three reformist politicians Tuesday for their alleged involvement in orchestrating post-election violence , Press TV reported .
Mohammed Ali Abtahi , an adviser to presidential candidate and former parliament speaker Mehdi Karrubi , was one of the three detained .
Abtahi was also Iran 's vice president under reformist President Mohammed Khatami .
The other two were identified as Behzad Nabavi and Saeed Hajjarian .
Ahmadinejad 's resounding election win surprised many experts who had expected Moussavi to win or put up a much stronger fight .
Moussavi , a former prime minister thought of as a reformist , enjoys tremendous support among youth , who make up almost 60 percent of Iran 's population of 70 million .
He tapped into their dissatisfaction with the faltering economy under Ahmadinejad and with an unemployment rate that tops 30 percent by some accounts , analysts said .
Watch how cyberspace is used by opposition »
But Kaveh Afrasiabi , a political scientist who supports Ahmadinejad , said the incumbent 's widespread support in rural areas and small towns was the reason for his win with more than 62 percent of the vote .
Since Moussavi contested the results , his supporters have taken to the streets every day , often clashing with police and Ahmadinejad 's backers .
iReport.com :
On the ground in Iran
Seven people were killed on Monday night in the capital , Tehran , after they allegedly attacked a military post near Azadi -- or Freedom -- Square , government - funded Press TV said .
The site was the same one where Moussavi had earlier in the day appealed to his supporters , a crowd of at least 10,000 .
Watch crowds call for change »
Moussavi 's presence was his first public appearance since the election .
He called on authorities to stop attacks on his supporters and urged his followers to continue demonstrating peacefully .
" You are not breaking glass , " he said .
" You are breaking tyranny . "
Watch Christiane Amanpour report from rally »
Ahmadinejad was in Russia on Tuesday to meet with President Dmitry Medvedev .
He was welcomed as the " newly re-elected president of Iran , " with deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov telling reporters , " The issue of elections in Iran is an internal affair of the Iranian people . "
Reaction from other world leaders to the disputed election has been , for the most part , guarded .
In Washington , President Obama reiterated his " deep concerns " about the election during a White House Rose Garden appearance Tuesday with South Korean President Lee Myung - bak .
" When I see violence directed at peaceful protesters , when I see peaceful dissent being suppressed , wherever that takes place , it is of concern to me and of concern to the American people , " he said .
" My hope is that the Iranian people will take the right steps in order for them to be able to express their voices , express their aspirations . "
He said the initial reaction from Iran 's supreme leader indicates that " he understands the Iranian people have deep concerns about the election . "
" People want to see debate , " he said .
" How that plays out is something for the Iranian people to decide . "
Criticism of the Iranian election earned the representatives of several European nations -- France , Germany , the Netherlands , Britain , Italy and the Czech Republic -- a visit to Iran 's Foreign Ministry on Tuesday , where each received a notice of protest for interfering in Iran 's internal affairs , according to Press TV .
The European Union had expressed concern over the use of force on protesters .
CNN 's Octavia Nasr , Reza Sayah and Samson Desta contributed to this report .
All About Iran • Mir Hossein Moussavi • Mahmoud Ahmadinejad
New Star Wars : Squadrons Short Film Introduces
One of the Game ’s Characters
From WikiLeaks
April 14 , 2009
WIKILEAKS PRESS RELEASE ( Deutsche Fassung : Mehr Details zur Wikileaks.de Stilllegung )
Tue Apr 14 07:05:51 2009 CEST
Registrar at fault ; dispute related to last year 's exposure of Germany 's foreign intelligence service , the BND .
BND chief Ernst Uhrlau
On April the 9th of 2009 , the WikiLeaks .
de domain ceased to be available after effective control was transferred from its registered owner , Theodore Reppe , to the Germany 's internet authority , DeNIC .
Details were initially hard to come by due to the Easter holiday period in Germany .
The transfer came two weeks after the March 24 search of Mr. Reppe 's house by German police over WikiLeaks ' publication of the internet censorship lists for Australia .
At that time police demanded Mr. Reppe disable the WikiLeaks . de domain name ( the request was denied ) .
Yet to understand the issue , we need to go back to an incident between a more secretive German authority and WikiLeaks late last year .
In November and December 2008 , WikiLeaks released sensitive information on the Bundesnachrichtendienst ( BND ) , Germany 's foreign intelligence service .
This included documents and articles about corruption in Kosovo and a list of covert Internet addresses used by the BND under the cover bvoe .de .
WikiLeaks had also earlier released documents about the BND 's infiltration of Germany 's Focus magazine .
The head of the BND , Ernst Uhrlau , eventually threatened WikiLeaks with criminal prosecution unless it removed BND documents ( no documents were removed ) .
The WikiLeaks revelations of the bvoe .de cover operation were debated on the Internet , including in a discussion in the Heise . de forum .
The Heise discussion addresses the non-compliant information in the BND 's domain registration for BND .de .
That registration was accused of violating DeNIC registration standards , by , for instance , failing to include its physical address .
As alleged in the posting , according to these standards , the intelligence agency did not have formal ownership over the BND .
de domain , since it had not met the required standards for ownership .
In order to test this disparity in requirements for the BND , the WikiLeaks .
de domain donor , Theodore Reppe , requested that the BND .
de domain ownership be transferred to his account at the DeNIC licensed registrar Beasts Associated ( based in Hamburg ) , through which the WikiLeaks .
de domain was also registered .
As expected , the request was denied ,
Original ( German ) " Sehr geehrter Herr Reppe , Sie haben die Domain bnd .de per Transfer angefordert .
Es handelt sich hierbei - unschwer zu erkennen - um die Domain des Bundesnachrichtendienstes .
Da es sich hierbei um eine bedeutende Domain handelt , bitten wir Sie umgehend das entsprechende Transfer - Fax und OwnerChange - Formular an uns zu senden .
Bis zu Klärung dieses Vorfalls haben wir Ihren Account gesperrt .
Mit freundlichen Grüßen Daniel Teixeira "
High speed and easy to use
Preview , batch processing , high speed and easy to use
Give you 6X faster converting speed
The newly adopted NVIDIA ® CUDA ™ technology can totally accelerate your PC GPU , so as to finish your converting task with ultra - high speed and best output quality .
This video converter also supports multi-core CPUs , which can take full advantage of your PC power to accelerate the converting speed .
One conversion , different output format
This Sony Ericsson Video Converter enables you to convert one file to different formats with only one conversion .
Compatible with most Sony devices
Tipard Sony Ericsson Video Converter is compatible with Sony Ericsson , Sony Walkman , Sony PSP , PS3 , Sony XPERIA , even Mobile Phone .
Preview
Using Tipard Sony Ericsson Video Converter , you can preview the original video and the instant output video for your operation at the same time .
Intuitive interface
Just a few mouse clicks can finish the operation .
And it is suitable for both beginners and advanced users .
After it was successfully sued in small claims court by a man who says he invented Facebook , Google has appealed the decision , returned to court , and persuaded a judge to return its $ 761 .
In March , famous Facebook nemesis Aaron Greenspan sued Google in a North California court , claiming that Google terminated his AdSense account without explanation and failed to pay him the $ 721 he was owned for ad clicks on his website .
A judge ruled in favor of Greenspan , awarding him the $ 721 plus $ 40 in court costs .
As Greenspan says in a recent piece on The Huffington Post , a Google paralegal soon sent him an email indicating the Mountain View Chocolate Factory was poised to cut him a check .
But after Greenspan recounted the suit and questioned the company 's practices in an earlier Post post , Google decided to appeal .
Apparently , Google succeeded in getting the ruling overturned .
According to court papers , the company is no longer required to pay that $ 761 .
Aaron Greenspan first made headlines back in the fall of 2007 and the spring of 2008 after claiming that he created Facebook at Harvard - not Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg and not the founders of ConnectU , who recently won a $ 60 million settlement in suing Zuckerberg and company for allegedly copying their idea .
And he 's returned to the headlines with his Google suit .
His original $ 761 went all the way to The New York Times .
The way Greenspan tells it , Google terminated his AdSense account because he violated the company 's terms of service , serving up ads from a site devoid of content and pointing surfers to those ads with the phrase " pick a link . "
Greenspan did indeed violate the terms of service .
He does n't deny it .
But in typical Google fashion , this is Google choosing to crack down rogue ad partners only when it suits the company 's immediate interests .
As Greenspan points out , just two days after the company terminated his account , Google opened up its yes - we - do - evil AdSense for Domains service to world + dog .
AdSense for Domains is meant specifically for parked domains - i.e. domains devoid of content .
It 's a haven for typosquatters .
Meanwhile , in an effort to get its $ 761 back , Google 's legal team resorted to a vague personal attack on Greenspan - according to Greenspan .
Greenspan says that a Google lawyer questioned him about various essays posted to one of his website , implying he had sold them to cheaters :
" Do you sell essays to college students ? " the lawyer asked .
" What ? " I asked him , confused .
" You sell pre-written essays for college students , right ?
Like term papers ? " " No ! " I said , finally realizing where he was going .
" I do n't know where you would have even gotten that idea . "
Little did he know that he had hit a sore spot , since I had recently written a book about education at America 's " top schools " and the many problems therein , cheating among them .
Though at that point I should have asked him how often he beat his wife , I was too shocked to think of it .
Google has more access to information about people than virtually any company on the planet , yet despite its vast resources , it found it more prudent to fabricate disparaging innuendo about me before a judge .
In any event , it would appear that someone was so proud of Google winning its $ 761 back they sent a screenshot of Greenspan 's terms of service violations to Search Engine Land .
It 's safe to say that Google does n't want anyone else suing them over a terminated AdSense account .
" What if everyone whose account was canceled sued Google ? " that Google paralegal allegedly said when Greenspan first took the company to court . ®
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has been re-elected as president of Iran in a resounding victory , the interior minister says .
He won some 62.6 % of the vote in an election marked by a high turnout of 85 % , official figures show .
Supporters of pro-reform candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi have cried foul and clashed with riot police in Tehran , despite a ban on public protests .
Iran 's Supreme Leader congratulated Mr Ahmadinejad on his win , and urged his rivals against " provocations " .
In a statement , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei praised the high turnout and described the count as a " real celebration " and called for calm in the aftermath of the result .
John Simpson
Reporting from Tehran
A crowd of about 3,000 attacked the police , some of whom were on motorbikes , which they set on fire .
The sky was thick with black smoke .
Police attacked the crowd with sticks and maybe teargas .
I did n't expect to see people turning on the secret police .
We were filming when we were surrounded by angry secret policemen .
The crowd turned on them and chased them off .
I suspect we are not looking at a revolution but there is serious anger .
It all depends on how the government responds - if they use violence , that could inflame the situation .
In quotes : Reaction to result
" Enemies may want to spoil the sweetness of this event ... with some kind of ill - intentioned provocations , " the ayatollah said .
Mr Mousavi has also claimed victory , calling the result a " dangerous charade " , as his supporters vowed to appeal for a re-run .
But observers say this would have little chance of success .
Riot police have used batons against a crowd of about 3,000 supporters of Mr Mousavi , some of whom were wearing his campaign colour of green and chanting " Down with the dictator " , news agencies say .
Correspondents say this is the worst public violence for a decade in Tehran .
Four police motorbikes were set on fire near the interior ministry , the BBC's John Simpson in Tehran says .
The authorities had earlier sealed off Mr Mousavi 's campaign HQ , preventing his supporters from holding a news conference .
Interior Minister Sadeq Mahsouli said that any demonstrations needed official permission , and none had been given .
The AFP news agency quoted a senior police official as saying : " The time of dancing and shouting is over . "
One opposition newspaper has been closed down and BBC websites also appear to have been blocked by the Iranian authorities .
Mr Mousavi was hoping to prevent Mr Ahmadinejad winning more than 50 % of the vote , in order to force a run-off election .
However , Interior Minister Sadeq Mahsouli said his share of the vote was 33.75 % .
Danger of ' tyranny '
Mr Mousavi , a former prime minister , dismissed the election result as deeply flawed .
" I personally strongly protest the many obvious violations and I 'm warning I will not surrender to this dangerous charade , " the Reuters news agency reported him as saying .
" The result of such performance by some officials will jeopardise the pillars of the Islamic Republic and will establish tyranny . "
Mr Mousavi had said there was a shortage of ballot papers and alleged that millions of people had been denied the right to vote .
His election monitors were not allowed enough access to polling stations , he added , saying he would deal seriously with any irregularities .
The head of the Committee to Protect the People 's Votes , a group set up by all three opposition candidates , said the group would not accept the result , alleging fraud .
They have asked Iran 's Guardian Council - a powerful body controlled by conservative clerics - to cancel the results and re-run the elections .
A second opposition candidate , Mehdi Karroubi , declared the results " illegitimate and unacceptable " .
Our correspondent says the result has been greeted with surprise and with deep scepticism by many Iranians .
The figures , if they are to be believed , show Mr Ahmadinejad winning strongly even in the heartland of Mr Mousavi , the main opposition contender .
The scale of Mr Ahmadinejad 's win means that many people who voted for a reformist candidate in the previous presidential election four years ago have apparently switched their votes to Mr Ahmadinejad , he adds .
Police presence
BBC Iranian affairs analyst Sadeq Saba says the result means that hope for peaceful reform in Iran may die for a long time .
There had been a surge of interest in Iran 's presidential election , with unprecedented live television debates between the candidates and rallies attended by thousands .
There were long queues at polling stations , with turnout 85 % .
Remnants of the campaign are already being removed
Four candidates contested the election , with Mohsen Razai and Mehdi Karroubi only registering about 1 % of the vote each .
President Ahmadinejad draws support mainly from the urban poor and rural areas , while his rivals have support among the middle classes and the educated urban population .
Iran is ruled under a system known as Velayat-e Faqih , or " Rule by the Supreme Jurist " , who is currently Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
It was adopted by an overwhelming majority in 1979 following the Islamic revolution which overthrew the autocratic Western - backed Shah .
But the constitution also stipulates that the people are the source of power and the country holds phased presidential and parliamentary elections every four years .
All candidates are vetted by the powerful conservative - controlled Guardian Council , which also has the power to veto legislation it deems inconsistent with revolutionary principles .
What do think of the election results so far ?
How important are the elections for Iran 's future ?
You can send us your views using the form below :
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
May 20 , 1862 : President Abraham Lincoln signed the Homestead Act .
The act provided settlers with 160 acres of surveyed public land after payment of a filing fee and five years of continuous residence .
Designed to spur Western migration , the Homestead Act culminated a twenty - year battle to distribute public lands to citizens willing to farm .
Concerned that free land would lower property values and reduce the cheap labor supply , Northern businessmen opposed the act .
Unlikely allies , Southerners feared homesteaders would add their voices to the call for abolition of slavery .
With Southerners out of the picture in 1862 , the legislation finally passed .
HERMOSILLO , Mexico ( CNN ) --
Parents in northern Mexico on Sunday began to bury the children who died in a horrific day care fire as Mexican authorities raised the death toll from the blaze to 41 .
Maria Jesus Coronado Padilla mourns her 2 - year - old daughter , Paulette Daniela Coronado Padilla on Sunday .
more photos »
A large crowd of mourners attended a funeral for six of the victims Sunday afternoon in Hermosillo , about 200 miles ( 320 kilometers ) south of the U.S. border .
The cause of Friday 's fire at ABC Day Care was n't known , but investigators concluded that the fire did n't start inside the building , said Eduardo Bours , the governor of Sonora state .
Neighbors described parents arriving at the day care center completely desperate on Friday , seeing it engulfed in flames and knowing there was no way to get the children out .
The building had two doors , one of which was padlocked shut , and windows were too high for the children to reach , officials said .
Some parents rammed their vehicles into the building to try to free the trapped children , witnesses told CNN .
Watch parents gather at site of fire »
" When we went out and ran towards the nursery , teachers already had many children outside , those who could walk properly , " said one man at the scene , who did not give his name .
" A pickup truck broke down the walls .
The dad of one of the kids broke down one of the walls with his car driving in reverse , and that helped us a bit . "
Others said they waited for hours for news of their children .
Watch a town in deep shock »
" They did n't tell us anything , nothing , until like 6 p.m. , " said Ofelia Vasquez , whose 4 - year - old son Herman was in the building .
She said she eventually was told he was at Chavez Hospital .
" We went there and we saw that he was badly burned , 75 percent of his body was burned , " she said .
Herman Vasquez died after surgery , his mother said .
As of Sunday afternoon , 26 children remained hospitalized , 12 of them in critical condition , Sonoran authorities said .
Another 10 children had been transported to other hospitals : eight to Guadalajara , one to Ciudad , Obregon , and two to Sacramento , California .
A team of 29 medical experts in Hermosillo was deciding if any more victims would be moved to the Shriners Hospital for Children in Sacramento , or elsewhere .
In addition , six adults were injured , Sonora spokesman Daniel Duran said .
" Without a doubt this is the worst disaster we 've had , " Bours told CNN .
President Felipe Calderon traveled to Hermosillo on Saturday .
He arrived with Interior Secretary Fernando Gomez Mont and Health Secretary Jose Angel Cordova to get firsthand updates from doctors and investigators , the state news agency Notimex reported .
Calderon ordered the nation 's attorney general to investigate the blaze .
Most of the victims died from smoke inhalation and not burns , Bours said .
But the fire was serious enough for the roof to collapse , he added .
At the time of the blaze , 142 children were inside the ABC Day Care .
The day care is for children ages 2 to 4 , but Bours confirmed that children even younger were among the victims .
All the children at the center had been accounted for by Saturday evening , Bours said .
A severely burned 3 - year - old girl arrived Saturday at the Sacramento hospital -- where pediatric burn treatment is a specialty -- and was in critical condition , according to Dr. Tina Palmieri , assistant chief of the burn unit .
The child was burned over 80 percent of her body , the doctor told reporters .
She said the hospital normally can save just over half of the children with burns that severe .
In Hermosillo , a large crowd gathered outside of the emergency entrance of the city 's general hospital and many people consoled each other , video from the scene showed .
" They told me that this happened in a matter of five minutes , " Hermosillo Mayor Ernesto Gandara told reporters after surveying the scene .
All About Felipe Calderon • Mexico • Sacramento
The Obama administration ’s Secretary of the Interior , Ken Salazar , announced today that he wo n’t be changing George W. Bush ’s rule that global factors , such as climate change , cannot be considered in analyzing the polar bear ’s survival .
[ social_buttons ]
The rule , instituted in the last months of Bush ’s presidency , prohibit the U.S. Fish and Wildlife and National Marine Fisheries services from considering whether practices outside the polar bear ’s territory are affecting its chances for survival .
This severely limits the environmental agencies ’ ability to regulate how the effects of climate change are impacting the polar bear and its habitat .
Congress passed legislation on March 10th that specifically allowed Salazar to rescind this rule - change by the Bush administration , but he has decided today to allow the deadline for that rule change to pass .
The inclusion of climate change in the protections of the Endangered Species Act presents a nightmare scenario for many of the major players in American industry , who could be forced by federal law to undergo costly and expansive changes if science could provide a causal link between their projects or proposals and the impending extinction of such a popular and charismatic species .
The Endangered Species
Act was intended to protect animals at risk of extinction , and their habitats , from danger as a “ consequence of economic growth and development untempered by adequate concern and conservation . ”
Bush ’s rule , limiting the protections available to a species to actions taken in that animal ’s home - range , legally removes the EPA ’s ability to hold American industry responsible for how their actions are affecting the arctic .
One of the ESA ’s most powerful tools is its effect on the approval of new projects , such as power plants , factories , and housing developments .
Environmental groups have successfully brought suit to stop or alter a number of projects that threatened habitats critical to a species ’ survival , using the Act for legal justification .
While it may protect American industry from making costly changes , at least for the time being , it seems to indicate that Salazar ’s agency and Obama ’s government are not ready to accept responsibility for how climate change that is threatening the polar bear .
Photo Credit : Just Being Myself on Flickr under Creative Commons license .
366 - day sentence for pot dispensary owner MARIJUANA LAW
FILE - This July 25 , 2008 photo shows Charles Lynch standing outside the U.S. Courthouse in Los Angeles .
Lynch , a medical marijuana dispensary owner , is scheduled for sentencing Thursday , June 11 , 2009 in one of the nation 's first cases since the Obama administration modified its pot policy .
( AP Photo / Los Angeles Times , Mel Melcon ) ** MANDATORY CREDIT , NO SALES , NO FOREIGN , NO MAGS , NO TELEVISION ** LOS ANGELES DAILY NEWS OUT , ORANGE COUNTY REGISTER OUT , VENTURA COUNTY STAR OUT , INLAND VALLEY DAILY BULLETIN OUT , SAN BERNARDINO SUN OUT , LA OPINION OUT ** less FILE - This July 25 , 2008 photo shows Charles Lynch standing outside the U.S. Courthouse in Los Angeles .
Lynch , a medical marijuana dispensary owner , is scheduled for sentencing Thursday , June 11 , 2009 in one ... more Photo : Mel Melcon , AP Photo : Mel Melcon , AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close 366 - day sentence for pot dispensary owner 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
A federal judge sentenced the owner of a Central California medical marijuana dispensary to a year and a day in prison Thursday , spurning the Obama administration 's push to give the defendant five years imprisonment in a test case of new federal policies toward state pot laws .
Charles Lynch 's case was the first to reach court after Attorney General Eric Holder announced in March that the administration would target only traffickers who violated both state and federal drug laws in California and 12 other states that allow the medical use of marijuana .
The Justice Department said Lynch was properly convicted and should n't get leniency , despite his insistence that he complied with state law .
Lynch , former operator of Central Coast Compassionate Caregivers in Morro Bay ( San Luis Obispo County ) , is the latest of several marijuana defendants to receive lighter - than - usual sentences for violating federal drug laws after arguing that they were complying with California 's voter - approved medical marijuana law .
Federal courts have ruled that the 1996 state law , which allows patients to use the drug with their doctor 's approval , is no defense to a charge of violating U.S. laws prohibiting marijuana possession , cultivation and distribution .
But some federal judges have taken the state law into account in sentencing .
U.S. District Judge George
Wu of Los Angeles did n't spell out his reasons for exempting Lynch , 47 , from the five - year sentence normally required by federal law for conspiring to grow and distribute marijuana .
But
Wu noted that Lynch ran his dispensary openly , with a business license and the awareness of local elected officials , before federal agents raided it in 2007 .
At a previous hearing , however , he made it clear that Lynch had to spend at least a year in prison because one of his customers was a minor , whose parents obtained marijuana at the dispensary .
Lynch remains free during his appeal , which will challenge
Wu's refusal to allow evidence that a federal drug agent had allegedly assured Lynch he would not be prosecuted .
The judge " was trying to do everything he could to minimize the sentence , " said Joe Elford , a lawyer for the advocacy group Americans for Safe Access .
" This is another case where a federal judge has indicated to the Department of Justice that these cases are not worth bringing . "
Prosecutors could ask an appeals court to overrule
Wu and order a five - year sentence .
The U.S. attorney 's office in Los Angeles is considering an appeal , said spokesman Thom Mrozek .
" This was a large - scale commercial operator , " Mrozek said , referring to prosecutors ' assertion that Lynch had sold $ 2.1 million in marijuana products for profit .
" He did n't fit the criteria of being a caregiver " under state law .
Federal prosecutors in California , including U.S. Attorney Joseph Russoniello of San Francisco , have argued that marijuana dispensaries - even licensed businesses approved by local authorities - are commercial enterprises that violate state as well as federal law and can still be prosecuted under Obama administration policy .
In announcing the new policy in March , Holder did not say how it would apply to defendants already awaiting trial or sentencing after being charged by Bush administration prosecutors .
Citing Holder 's announcement ,
Wu asked for a formal Justice Department statement in Lynch 's case and was promptly told that Lynch 's prosecution , conviction and proposed five - year sentence were consistent with the attorney general 's position .
Medical marijuana advocates , who wore green " compassion " buttons in the packed courtroom , had mixed reactions to the sentence , praising Wu for leniency but criticizing the imposition of any prison term .
" This was a guy who tried very hard to do everything by the book , working with the city , getting a business license , " said Bruce Mirken of the Marijuana Policy Project .
" To treat this man as a criminal , a felonydrug dealer feels counter to the spirit of the policy Mr. Holder announced . "
CALGARY–Police posing as aspiring gangsters can use social networking sites such as Facebook to gain an insider 's peek at organized crime in their area , gleaning information such as licence plate numbers and even the group 's plans for the night , says a U.S. gang expert .
Profiles are private and people have to be invited as friends to be allowed onto many of these sites , so gang members feel secure in putting up information , said Det. George Chavez of the Madison Police Department in Wisconsin on Thursday .
But with the right knowledge , police can use gang signs and insider language to create their own profiles and be added as friends .
" There are times where you can find them talking about altercations they 've had , issues they 've had with rival gang members .
Sometimes it will give you a heads - up as to what may be coming , or it may actually help you in solving what 's happened , " said Chavez , who will talk about the topic at a Calgary gang summit Friday .
" They do exchange information and sometimes , I think , they think that nobody 's watching . "
It 's all about the details in getting a gang member to accept you into their world , said Chavez .
For example , a gang that operates near Madison uses the number 13 , and so replacing the letter E with a 3 can signal an affiliation with them .
" If you show their page some respect , they 're usually pretty good about inviting you in to their web page , as long as your page is set up so it does n't look like a page by somebody who 's 45 , 50 years old , " he said .
" You would n't put ' Kenny Rogers , Best of ' on there , you know what I 'm saying ? "
It 's also important to know what gang you 're targeting – some gangs will use Facebook and MySpace , while ethic gangs may flock more to sites such as Asiantown .
net .
Such sites are a good way to reach more inexperienced , street - level gangs , says gang expert and author Michael Chettleburgh .
Members of these groups are often hungry for approval and connections .
" Kind of the currency on the street right now is how many Facebook friends that you have , so if you are an egotistical emerging gang member and you have all these people wanting to be part of your site , there 's a currency on the street , that means something , " he said .
These online meeting places have become so popular in part because they help build instant networks – by adding one person as a friend you 're immediately introduced to an entire array of contacts .
This feature makes these sites valuable for officers trying to pin down who may have gang connections or who may be taking part in a certain event .
Police forces across Canada have been slowly turning to the Internet over the last few years as it's been identified as an ideal recruiting ground for gangs looking to pick up impressionable youth .
They troll sites such as YouTube for pro-gang videos and even post their own counter - messages aimed at kids .
" More and more police agencies are going to the ' Net , are getting more Internet savvy , and trying to build their intelligence files on individuals and groups via following them on social networking sites , " said Chettleburgh .
So far the tactic is working well because young gangsters do n't think police are technically savvy and expect anything they post on the Internet to stay private , said Chavez .
" I think they really believe that technology 's not one of our strong suits and that they can talk a lot , and ... when their profile is private , they believe that it 's safe , that nobody else is going to see it . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
But he expects it will only be a matter of time before gangsters shift to another form of up - and - coming technology .
" As soon as we learn it , they change it , so we 'll be finding something else that they 'll be moving to . "
Read more about :
A US woman had a lucky escape when a burglar 's bullet bounced off the metal underwire in her bra .
Police in the city of Detroit said one of three intruders fired a shot when the woman looked out of her window and saw them raiding the house next door .
The bullet smashed the window and hit her , but instead of causing serious injury - or worse - it was deflected off the wiring in her bra .
The unnamed 57 - year - old woman was taken to hospital and released the same day .
" It did slow the bullet down , " said a police spokesman .
" She sustained injuries but they 're not life - threatening . "
Teenage gang
The woman , who lives on the west side of Detroit , had seen the youths breaking into the house next door while her neighbour was away .
Police believe one of the gang saw her looking out of the window and fired at her .
The suspects then drove away after the shooting .
Local police Sgt Eren Stephens Bell told the Detroit News : " We need to get some bulletproof vests made from that .
It is some strong wire . "
Elements of Past & Future Combined Into Something Not Quite as Good as Either
The payment system for the Palm app store  important if the company wants to charge for certain programs  is still under construction .
And most crucially , Palm has yet to open its software development kit , the main set of tools needed to write apps , to most of the thousands of developers who have expressed an interest in creating programs for the Pre .
As a result , some developers are wary of the new platform , said Ben Gottlieb , the president of Stand Alone , which has been creating fitness , game and calendar applications for Palm devices since 1995 but is focusing its new development efforts on the iPhone .
“ The WebOS looks like a great comeback , but there ’s a little bit of trepidation there , ” Mr. Gottlieb said .
“ Most Palm OS developers I know have moved over to the iPhone .
A lot of us feel abandoned , as the platform was neglected for so many years . ”
The competition is not standing still .
Last week , Apple upgraded the iPhone ’s software and began selling a new , faster model .
Research in Motion is supposed to unveil several new BlackBerrys this year , including an update to Storm , its touch - screen device .
And HTC and Motorola are expected to introduce phones that use Google ’s Android operating system .
The stakes are high for Palm , which once dominated the smartphone market with its now - aging Treo handsets and even had a vast constellation of developers who wrote apps for the Treo ’s Palm OS operating system .
Since 2007 , the company has been steadily losing market share in the United States to Apple , R.I.M. and HTC , according to data from Nielsen Mobile , a research firm that tracks the wireless industry .
Created by bagwell on 2009 - 06 - 15 .
Updated : 2010-06-30 , 21:42
Alex McGuire talks about his experiences at Électricité de France Trading ( EDFT ) as Team Leader for the group developing applications for energy derivatives trading and pricing .
He explains the benefits EDFT has gained by replacing a substantial part of their 300,000 lines of Java code with Scala .
Alex , a mathematician and former options trader , has over 15 years of development experience creating financial trading applications .
Why did EDFT start using Scala ?
Alex : Perhaps
I need to tell you a little of what EDFT does so you can understand the context .
In the past EDF produced power to meet their consumers demand .
The problem was essentially one of forecasting demand and making sure you had enough capacity on line to meet it .
When the energy markets were liberalized companies like EDF did not have to be so strict about meeting power demand , they could always buy power from somewhere else .
So power became a tradable thing .
You could sell future capacity to other companies or set up contracts to buy future capacity for given prices .
EDF is a very innovative company and saw how this could lead to much lower cost and better plant utilization .
It often comes as a surprise to people that a company like EDF trades power using financial instruments in the way that you or I may trade such things as stocks , shares or bonds .
As a power producer you could agree a contract with another company to provide 100 Mwatts for a given price in 10 months time .
They could in turn sell this on to other companies .
In all these trades no actual power production has yet taken place .
Only futures have been traded .
By doing this we are in effect balancing supply and anticipated demand across many suppliers .
The trader group at EDFT take the real assets like coal or oil based power stations , gas storage units , hydro electric dams , emissions contracts , just about everything related to energy , and try to model them as financial products rather than as physical things .
This gives a whole new dimension to power delivery .
EDFT monitors the power market and decides when EDF should generate power , sell it or buy to fill shortfalls in capacity .
Sometimes , for example , it is cheaper to buy power on the market and turn a power station down or off , or leave the water in dams because it will be more valuable in the future , perhaps in as little as a week or two , or even several months later .
Every asset has its own unique features , so we support a variety of exotic complex options and each one needs to be modelled and priced .
How do you do this ?
Alex :
At EDFT we developed models using sophisticated Monte Carlo analysis to set prices that maximize the option values in what is a complex multi-variable problem .
As you can imagine there are many influences on power generation and the models are valued using a grid with hundreds of cpus to be able to correctly reflect these subtle interactions .
The models have been refined over the past ten years and are now embedded in Bluebird , a system we wrote to support the Trader pricing .
There are some 300 k lines of Java code supported by seven developers .
It is now a mission critical application and in continuous use by the power Traders and management .
What about Scala ?
Alex :
Ten years ago when we started writing the application we knew Java was a much better bet than C ++.
After all managing memory just should n't be the job of someone trying to get their head around pricing exotic options .
So we jumped into Java and have been very successful because of it .
However , the verbosity of Java has become a growing annoyance .
People complain about excessive use of parentheses in Lisp but Java requires so many just to keep the compiler happy .
Then there is all that boiler plate you have to write .
Most of the group are into languages so we had been looking at all sorts of alternatives , Lisp , Smalltalk , Pizza , Groovy and Ocaml .
We were looking for something to improve our programming experience .
We tried them for small projects and Lisp was quite a good fit to our problem , however the lack of transparent interoperability with our existing codebase was an inhibiting factor .
Then we came across Scala .
It was just fantastic !
The team was into Open Source tools and picking up Scala was really easy .
We are all from different backgrounds and consequently have wildly different programming experience .
A couple of us had had mathematical training and Scala was just night and day when compared to Java .
The rest of the team were all excellent programmers so they made the transition from Java to Scala quickly too .
At the time we were frustrated by the lack of a decent IDE .
However , we found the Scala Eclipse plug - in and got started .
It was soon apparent that it was just not up to the job .
Not enough features and unreliable .
We hired Miles Sabins ' company , Chuusai , to add the features we needed and improve the reliability .
This worked out well and we could soon focus on getting Scala code written .
Now we use Eclipse and Intellij .
They are interesting to watch .
Sometimes Eclipse is ahead and then sometimes Intellij .
The competition has obviously been beneficial as they are now both very usable products .
We started by moving non-critical components of the application over to Scala .
Then as we got confident we just wrote all new components in Scala .
Of course there is still work to be done maintaining existing Java modules , so the transition is still ongoing , however the large majority of all new work is in Scala .
I personally have n't created a new Java class in over six months .
We currently have about 20 k lines of Scala and a gradually shrinking base of legacy Java .
20 K lines may not sound like a significant percentage of a 300 K line system , but the equivalent Java code would be more like 50 - 60 K lines .
One of the really nice things about Scala is that you can mix and match it with your old Java code .
You can manage risk very well .
What do you think of Scala ?
Alex :
Well it just looks like Java should have been .
For me , my personal pleasure was having closures .
I had really missed these in Java .
Learning the full potential of the syntax takes a while but pays off .
In the early days I would write what I now see as many lines of ugly Java look alike code .
The same thing I now would write in a couple of lines of Scala .
But this is not a problem .
I think everyone will start writing Scala in whatever style they came from , C++ , Java , Lisp or Haskell .
The important thing is that you can , and be getting stuff done .
In the group there is always a bit of competition and you soon pick up the new concepts .
I came from the functional programming background and had used quite a few of the features already .
Pattern matching in ML , closures in several languages , traits reminded me of Ruby mixins , OO from Java and so on .
But Scala brings it all together with features like type inferencing to make a very practical language , and it runs on the JVM .
Productivity goes up and we have found the code is a lot shorter .
My guess is about one third of the equivalent Java code length .
I found the book on Scala is a great read .
I almost read it from cover to cover in one sitting , but it is not good for reference .
The index is incomplete and so many of the language features are hard to find .
Although there is a lot of interesting material in the book , a programmer with no functional programming experience at all may find it helpful to read the first few chapters of the classic ' Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs ' .
We write a lot of matrix manipulation code and it looks like maths .
That 's neat because it 's easier to understand .
The simple ability to overload operators such as the plus and times symbols makes things so much more readable .
You can express the matrix manipulations directly a +b*c and so on .
You could say my favourite DSL is maths .
Since the inception of the Bluebird system we have done maths using quantity objects rather than doubles wherever possible .
This was to avoid all sorts of trouble with mixing units like megawatts , barrels , tonnes etc .
Although this made our code much safer , in Java it led to code that was ugly and difficult to read .
For example '( price.minus ( strike ) ) .times ( power ) .times ( hours ) ' .
With Scala 's implicit conversions we could replace these expressions with the natural looking ' ( price - strike ) * power * hours ' , and this could be done without the need to rewrite our Java Quantity class .
We were initially nervous about the time cost of the implicit conversions as many of the models have tight iteration loops .
However benchmarking showed that the compiler was doing a great job and the overhead was negligible .
The only part of Scala that I personally find little use for is what is , to me at least , the more theoretical section on types towards the end of the book .
Perhaps this due to my background with more dynamically typed languages , but I can see its use for people writing things like collection libraries .
For the moment I am happy to give it a miss .
In any case , unlike Java , I rarely find its type system a hindrance .
I would n't describe myself as perfectly fluent in Scala yet , but the process of discovering how to write more idiomatic code has been an enjoyable one .
In some cases I am confused whether to use curly or regular braces , so still something to learn it seems .
How did other people take to Scala ?
Alex :
Some people view programmers as translators , you know the idea .
The user has a requirement that they discuss with a business analyst and they write a specification for a programmer who translates it into computer programming language .
I think by taking the analogy with human languages too far , the difficulty of finding ' speakers ' of a particular language is a reason some companies avoid becoming early adopters of newer languages .
I 've never believed in this model .
Good programmers tend to think in terms of abstractions , and should be able to program these in any number of languages .
The choice should never be ' which language do you speak ' , but rather ' which is best for the job ' .
So when we recruited we simply looked for good programmers with experience in several languages and they make the transition into Scala easily enough .
We had the classical philosophical debates about what Scala can do versus other languages .
The key question in the end is " What does it make easy ? "
You can do anything in most languages but many common things are just not easy or pretty in many of them .
For example , the Java collections make things so hard in comparison to Scala .
Then there is the Scala " for " syntax which is so elegant .
It was well thought out syntactic sugar .
The conciseness means I can see more of a program on one screen .
That makes code so much easier to write and browse .
You can get a much better overview .
For example when I have some mathematical model to write with Java I have to keep two models in my head , one the model itself and the second a model of how to implement it in Java .
With Scala like Lisp or ML the programming model is so like the mathematical one that one model will do .
That gives cleaner code and fewer errors due to moving between two models in your head .
That 's a big win , much more productive .
Tomas Rynne was the first person in our group to say that he was not creating Java classes anymore .
He is a very experienced financial systems developer who came from a liking for Smalltalk .
Another in the team , Lee Momtahan who is giving a talk at the Edinburgh at the CUFP 2009 , would prefer to write in Scala with Emacs rather than Java with a great IDE .
He has been a heavy user of the parser combinators to improve the Trader interface by creating a DSL to describe financial derivatives .
It allows traders and structurers to quickly describe new options and value them via the modelling system .
Previously we would have had to write anything up to a thousand lines of code that was used once and thrown away .
Now the Traders can create a description of their financial option in the DSL , internally called Diesel .
Well we are in the energy industry !
The DSL combinator parser turns these descriptors into objects that can be used directly in the Monte - Carlo analysis .
The traders think it 's magic .
They can turn around new pricing ideas quickly .
Mostly we like it because we do not have to do tedious repetitive one shot coding .
Here 's an example of Diesel :
: VOLUME = 1063000 MWH ; :STRIKE = 20.05 EUR / MWH ; :PREMIUM = 3.73 EUR / MWH ; :F = AVE ( : M =JAN09 ..DEC10 ; AVE( FUEL_OIL_1PCT_FOB_ARA_CARGOS , :M ) * AVE(1/ECB_USD_EUR , :M ) ) ; :G = AVE ( : M =JAN09 ..DEC10 ; AVE( GAS_OIL_0_1PCT_FOB_ARA_BARGES , :M ) * AVE ( 1 / ECB_USD_EUR , :M ) ) ; :P= 0.0264 TONNE / MWH * :F + 0.0313 TONNE / MWH * :G ; CALL ( SWAP (: P - :STRIKE , 06JUL09 ) , 30JUN09 ) * :VOLUME - PAYMENT (: VOLUME
* :PREMIUM , 16DEC08 )
Did you have any resistance to Scala ?
Alex : Getting into Scala we had to climb over a few political hurdles .
We had a technology review from an independent group .
They raised exactly the same issues that I faced when I decided to use Java twelve years ago .
New technology , unproven , long term support risk and so on .
After several discussions the management team assessed the risks and supported our decision to go ahead .
Great decision and it really paid off .
There were no programmer issues .
After a week we felt more productive as a programmers in Scala than we already were in Java .
It just helps you in so many ways .
We have about 300K lines , working on this base for the last ten years but the size stabilized about 4 years ago .
There are about 20 K lines of Scala and this number is growing .
We interface to a lot of old Java code .
Now half the team are almost pure Scala programmers , and I exepect this fraction to grow .
Of course , there will continue to be work for some time maintaining the Java parts of the system .
If we were starting from scratch today we would write it entirely in Scala but it a complex stable application so we are happy to keep some parts ticking over in Java for the near future .
Do you have any advice for Java developers moving to Scala ?
Alex :
It 's not very hard for a typical Java programmer to become a proficient Scala programmer .
You can begin by writing Scala in a very Java like style .
You can leverage your Java knowledge to get into Scala .
Take snippets of code in Java and move them into Scala .
Just do what comes naturally using the Scala syntax then once you are comfortable and productive start introducing Scala syntax and functional programming techniques , like filtering and maps using anonymous functions etc .
Things like the " for " are just so likeable that it does not take a good programmer long to grasp the fact that scala is neat and they just go looking for the features they need .
The whole process can go very quickly indeed .
We picked up Scala about two years ago and it really works for us .
So I would just say get a book and start coding !
George Soros has finally had a chance to figure out what these CDS things are all about .
And he's had enough :
BEIJING , June 12 ( Reuters ) - Credit default swaps are " instruments of destruction " that should be outlawed , billionaire investor George Soros said on Friday .
Soros said the asymmetry of risk and reward embedded in CDS exerted so much downward pressure on the bonds underlying the contracts that companies and financial institutions could be brought to their knees .
" Some derivatives ought not to be allowed to be traded at all .
I have in mind credit default swaps .
The more I 've heard about them , the more I 've realised they 're truly toxic , " he told a banking conference .
" CDS are instruments of destruction which ought to be outlawed , " Soros told a meeting of the Institute of International Finance , many of whose member banks and financial institutions are active participants in the huge CDS market .
Going short on bonds by purchasing a CDS contract carried limited risk but almost unlimited profit potential .
By contrast , selling CDSs offered limited profit and practically unlimited risk , Soros said .
This asymmetry , which encouraged investors in effect to sell corporate bonds short , was reinforced by the fact that CDS were traded and so tended to be priced as warrants , which could be sold at any time , and not as options , he added .
Credit default swaps are used to protect against nonpayment of debt or to speculate on a company 's credit quality .
But Soros said : " People buy a CDS not because they expect an eventual default but because they expect them to appreciate in response to adverse developments . "
SKEWED INCENTIVES
He said one financial institution that discovered to its cost the risk / reward distortions of CDS was insurer American International Group ( AIG.N ) , which was a big seller of CDS , offering banks protection against a deterioration in their bond portfolios , especially mortgage - linked securities .
The U.S. government stepped in to save AIG from collapse under bad mortgage bets last September , and has put up to $ 180 billion at the company 's disposal since .
" AIG thought it was selling insurance on bonds and as such CDS were outrageously overpriced .
In fact AIG was selling bear market warrants and it severely underestimated their value , " Soros said .
At this point , the phenomenon that Soros describes as reflexivity kicked in .
That is to say , the mispricing of financial instruments -- in this case , CDS -- affected the fundamentals that the prices were supposed to reflect .
Nowhere were the consequences of the ensuing chain reaction more severe than in the case of financial institutions , whose ability to do business depended on trust , Soros argued .
He cited the failures of Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers .
But the potential damage that CDS could do was not limited to financial firms , Soros added .
He pointed to the bankruptcy of North America 's largest newsprint maker , AbitibiBowater Inc ( ABWTQ.PK ) , and the pending bankruptcy of General Motors ( GM.N )
" In both cases , some bondholders owned CDS and they stood to gain more by bankruptcy than by reorganisation .
" It 's like buying life insurance on someone else 's life and owning a license to kill , " he concluded .
Soros ' criticism echoes fellow investor Warren Buffet 's description of derivatives in 2003 as " financial weapons of mass destruction " .
On derivatives in general , Soros said they should be as strictly regulated as stocks .
He said derivatives should be standardised and saw no case for custom - made derivatives , which he said only increased the profit margins of the financiers who tailored them .
( Reporting by Alan Wheatley ; Editing by Chris Lewis )
Shortcut to the Specification ( current revision 2.1 as of 20 - MAY - 2017 ) [ ChangeLog ]
The Unified Code for Units of Measure
Gunther Schadow , Clement J. McDonald
Copyright © 1999 - 2014 Regenstrief Institute , Inc. and The UCUM Organization , Indianapolis , IN .
All rights reserved .
See TermsOfUse for details .
What is it ?
The Unified Code for Units of Measure ( UCUM ) is a code system intended to include all units of measures being contemporarily used in international science , engineering , and business .
The purpose is to facilitate unambiguous electronic communication of quantities together with their units .
The focus is on electronic communication , as opposed to communication between humans .
A typical application of The Unified Code for Units of Measure are electronic data interchange ( EDI ) protocols , but there is nothing that prevents it from being used in other types of machine communication .
UCUM support EDI protocols for the quantities and units in the domains of knowledge specified in ISO 80000 standards parts 2 - 14 above
History of UCUM
The Unified Code for Units of Measure was inspired by and originally heavily based on ISO 2955 - 1983 , ANSI X3.50 - 1986 , and HL7's extensions called ISO +.
The respective ISO and ANSI standards are both entitled Representation of [...] units in systems with limited character sets where ISO 2955 refers to SI and other units provided by ISO 1000 - 1981 , while ANSI X3.50 extends ISO 2955 to include U.S. customary units .
Because these standards carry the restriction of limited character sets in their names they seem to be of less value today where graphical user interface and laser printers are in wide - spread use , which is why the european standard ENV 12435 in its clause 7.3 declares ISO 2955 obsolete .
ENV 12435 is dedicated exclusively to the communication of measurements between humans in display and print , and does not provide codes that can be used in communication between systems .
It does not even provide a specification that would allow communication of units from one system to the screen or printer of another system .
The issue about displaying units in the common style defined by the 9th Conférence Générale des Poids et Mesures ( CGPM ) in 1947 is not just the character set .
Although The Unicode Standard and its predecessor ISO / IEC 10646 is the richest character set ever it is still not enough to specify the presentation of units because there are important typographical details such as superscripts , subscripts , roman and italics .
1
Why is it needed ?
The real value of the restriction on the character set and typographical details , however , is not to cope with legacy systems and less powerful technology , but to facilitate unambiguous communication and interpretation of the meaning of units from one computer system to another .
In this respect , ISO 2955 and ANSI X3.50 are not obsolete because there is no other standard that would fill in for inter-systems communication of units .
However , ISO 2599 and ANSI X3.50 currently have severe defects :
ISO 2955 and ANSI X3.50 contain numerous name conflicts , both direct conflicts ( e.g. , " a " being used for both year and are ) and conflicts that are generated through combination of unit symbols with prefixes ( e.g. , " cd " means candela and centi-day and " PEV " means peta-volt and pico-electronvolt . )
Neither ISO 2955 nor ANSI X3.50 cover all units that are currently used in practice .
There are many more units in use than what is allowed by the Système International d'Unités ( SI ) and accompanying standards .
For example , the older CGM - units dyne and erg are still used in the science of physiology .
Although ANSI X3.50 extends ISO 2955 with some U.S. customary units , it is still not complete in this respect .
For example it does n't define the degree Fahrenheit .
ANSI X3.50 is semantically ambiguous with respect to customary units , even if we do not consider the history and international aspects of customary units .
Three systems of mass units are used in the U.S. , avoirdupois used generally , apothecaries ' used by pharmacists , and troy used in trade with Gold and other precious metals .
ANSI X3.50 has no way to select any one of those specifically , which is bad in medicine , where both apothecaries ' and avoirdupois weights are being used frequently .
ISO 2955 and all standards that do only look for the resolutions and recommendations of the CGPM and the Comité International des Poids et Mesures ( CIPM ) as published by the Bureau International des Poids et Mesures ( BIPM ) and various ISO standards ( ISO 1000 and ISO 31 ) fail to recognize that the needs in practice are often different from the ideal propositions of the CGPM .
Although not allowed by the CGPM and related ISO standards , many other units are used in international sciences , healthcare , engineering , and business , both meaningfully and some units of questionable meaning .
A coding system that is to be useful in practice must cover the requirements and habits of the practice --- even some of the bad habits .
None of the current standards attempt to specify a semantics of units that can be deployed in information systems with moderate requirements .
Metrological standards such as those published by the BIPM are dedicated to maximal scientific correctness of reproducible definitions of units .
These definitions make sense only to human specialists and can hardly be deployed to their full extent by any information system that is not dedicated to metrology .
On the other hand , ISO 2955 and ANSI X3.50 provide no semantics at all for the codes they define .
The Unified Code for Units of Measure intends to provide a single coding system for units that is complete , free of all ambiguities , and that assigns to each defined unit a concise semantics .
In communication it is not only important that all communicating parties have the same repertoir of signs , but also that all attach the same meaning to the signals they exchange .
The common meaning must be computationally verifiable .
The Unified Code for Units of Measure assumes a semantics for units based on dimensional analysis.
2
In short , each unit is defined relative to a system of base units by a numeric factor and a vector of exponents by which the base units contribute to the unit to be defined .
Although we can reflect all the meaning of units covered by dimensional analysis with this vector notation , the following tables do not show these vectors .
One reason is that the vectors depend on the base system chosen and even on the ordering of the base units .
The other reason is that these vectors are hard to understand to human readers while they can be easily derived computationally .
Therefore we define new unit symbols using algebraic terms of other units .
Those algebraic terms are also valid codes of The Unified Code for Units of Measure .
Why UCUM ?
The Unified Code for Units of Measures is very stable in content and has already been adopted by some standard organizations such as DICOM , HL7 and has been referenced as best practice by the Open Geospatial Consortium in their Web Map Service ( WMS ) and Geography Markup Language ( GML ) implementation specifications .
We are still looking for the best way to establish this specification as a widely used industry standard .
The official status and the affiliation may change during that process .
However , we try to keep as much as possible of the specification freely available and redistributable to assure the maximum use and benefit .
We would also like to keep this specification maintainable and flexible to update .
Although the initial version contains more than 250 terminal unit symbols ( more than three times as many symbols as in ANSI X3.50 ) , there are areas that are not covered completely yet .
The specification is maintained electronically so that the printed version is guaranteed to contain consistent and tested data that is free from severe name conflicts or random errors .
The
full specification is now available as an HTML document ( whereas it used to be only a PDF file ) .
The new XML format of the specification enabled us to make
XML releases of the formal part of the specification , have better sorting and indexing capabilities , etc .
Projects
There are currently the following active projects in UCUM :
Implementation Support
There is a set of functional tests for UCUM implementations .
In addition , there are several open source implementations :
There are also some commercial implementations :
​ HL7Connect - interface engine .
Win32 COM UCUM implementation is free for any use .
All comments are welcome and are usually responded to within only few business days .
We invite commenters to submit a tracked ticket ( / trac / newticket ) .
From now on we will also post all email exchanges with responses in order to maintain accountability for any changes and community input .
See the CommentsArchive for these .
1 ) Interestingly the authors of ENV 12435 forgot to include superscripts in the minimum requirements as given by subclause 7.1.4 for which they do not specify an alternative .
2 ) A more extensive introduction into this semantics of units can be found in : Schadow G , McDonald CJ et al : Units of Measure in Clinical Information Systems .
JAMIA .
6 ( 2 ) ; Mar / Apr? 1999 ; p.~151--162 . Available from : URL : ​http://www.jamia.org/cgi/reprint/6/2/151
After being rumored as far back as January of last year , announced over a year ago , and successfully demonstrated at Macworld Expo earlier this year , SlingPlayer Mobile for iPhone is now available for your App Store purchasing pleasure .
While it offers excellent remote access to Slingbox hardware and the content it serves , the $ 30 price tag seems a little too high , especially given that AT&T forced Sling Media to cripple the software and block 3G network access .
SlingPlayer Mobile will connect to any Slingbox SOLO , PRO , or PRO - HD , and allow control of a variety of set - top boxes , DVRs , and even an Apple TV .
( While not officially supported , Sling notes that streaming with the older Slingbox Classic , AV , and TUNER may work " with some configurations . " )
Essentially anything you can do with your ( newer ) Slingbox , including watching any and all content available , can be done remotely via your iPhone .
Well , as long as your iPhone is within reach of a WiFi network , that is .
AT&T has admitted that it forced Sling to remove streaming capabilities over its 3G data network , citing a clause in its terms of service that prohibits " redirecting a TV signal to a personal computer . "
" We consider smartphones like the iPhone to be personal computers in that they have the same hardware and software attributes as PCs , " a statement released by the company said .
" That said , we do n't restrict users from going to a Web site that lets them view videos . "
Unfortunately , AT&T 's logic is full of more holes than Sam Beckett 's post - leap memory .
The move is ostensibly to prevent the kind of problems AT&T 's 3G network suffered under the weight of thousands of iPhone users during Macworld Expo or SXSW earlier this year .
" Slingbox , which would use large amounts of wireless network capacity , could create congestion and potentially prevent other customers from using the network , " according to AT&T .
We wo n't begrudge AT&T trying to prevent customers from getting poor service .
But we also do n't believe all iPhone users will suddenly start streaming Slingbox - served content all day long .
The same problem would happen if enough people were to stream YouTube videos simultaneously — which , by the way , can be done via AT&T's 3G network .
Further , numerous other cellphones , " smart " or otherwise , are capable of running a version of SlingPlayer — also over AT&T 's 3G network .
It appears that iPhone users are being singled out , however , because of the iPhone 's popularity , as it is used far more than other devices for network access .
AT&T itself has repeatedly credited the iPhone for driving up its ARPU and wireless revenues for the last few quarters .
In a sense , AT&T seems to be telling its most lucrative customers , " Thank you for paying us lots of money to use our network — just do n't actually use it too much , mmkay ? "
AT&T 's goal of maintaining a good minimum service level for all 3G users is a laudable one , but cutting off 3G access to useful apps for its highest - paying customers ( while allowing it for others ) is a pretty lousy way to do it .
AT&T needs to work harder on increasing the capacity of its 3G network to avoid having to cripple the functionality of the devices it sells .
Side Hustle , Self Employed , Entrepreneurship
Some of you know , others are jealous , many wonder but yesterday , one person actually asked .
You are making a living sharing what you do day to day and you seem to love it .
I can only wish to make money doing what I love .
What ’s the secret ?
I was flattered by the question .
It ’s true that I love writing over here , and I ’m very fortunate that what I love to do happens to put bread on the table ( those are for show of course , I secretly eat steak instead since I ’m a meat kind of guy ) .
It ’s great now , even though it has n’t always been like this .
When I started writing , I was excited when I made just one dollar that particular day .
To give you some perspective on my earnings expectation , Emma and I used to have a little competition to see who could have a bigger paypal account at the end of the month .
She would sell her one or two items a month on ebay , I would write .
You see .
I never planned for this to become my primary source of income .
At the beginning , I saw this as a hobby that gave me cash on the side .
I was already passionate about money topics , and I was excited to learn about putting up a website , changing the look of it and adding new features .
The time I spent on it ( and it was a ton of time because I practically did nothing else back then ) did n’t matter because I was n’t keeping track .
It did n’t matter that I was n’t making nearly as much as I could by working a part time job .
I loved it .
I could n’t wait to get home to work on my site and read up on the latest news .
I wrote and wrote and wrote , changing , improving and adapting at the same time .
Slowly , more money came my way and that only fueled my desire to tweak , change and improve some more .
There are no secrets .
I just kept doing stuff and not settling for what ’s good enough .
I spent more time on the look of the website .
I wrote longer and more interesting posts .
I made some friends and wrote on their websites .
I even wrote a budget travel book that is coming out soon .
As time went on , I did more , tried to be more efficient , and then took on more projects .
Whether it ’s getting out of debt , saving or making money .
The key is always to do something about it .
Stop reading how others do it .
Study them and apply it to your own situation .
There ’s no right way .
Just start .
Otherwise , you are still hoping , wishing and dreaming while others are doing , living , and enjoying .
A tentative first step towards an era of clean , almost limitless energy will take place today with the opening of a giant facility designed to recreate the power of the stars in an oversized warehouse in California .
The $ 3.5 bn National Ignition Facility ( NIF ) sits in a 10 - storey building covering three football fields and will harness the power of lasers to turn tiny pellets of hydrogen into thermonuclear energy .
If the machine works as planned , it will become the first to generate more energy than it consumes , a feat that could pave the way for commercial laser fusion power stations and an end to the world 's energy security problems .
The building , which has taken almost 15 years to build and commission , is due to be opened in a ceremony attended by the US energy secretary , Steven Chu , and the California governor , Arnold Schwarzenegger , who has said the facility could " revolutionise our energy future " .
" If they 're successful , it will be a very big deal .
No one has achieved a net gain in energy before , " said Derek Stork , assistant technical director at the UK United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority ( UKAEA ) 's centre for fusion research in Culham , Oxfordshire .
Inside the building , scientists will use the world 's most powerful laser to create 192 separate beams of light that will be directed at a bead of frozen hydrogen in a violent burst lasting five billionths of a second .
Each fuel pellet measures just two millimetres across but costs around $ 40,000 , because they must be perfectly spherical to ensure they collapse properly when the laser light strikes .
The intense beams produce a powerful shockwave that crunches the fuel pellet at a million miles an hour , generating temperatures of around 100,000,000C .
Under such extreme conditions , which are found only in the core of stars , the hydrogen atoms will fuse , producing helium and vast amounts of energy .
The facility will gradually work up to full power over the next 12 months or so , but experiments are scheduled to run until around 2040 .
If the NIF succeeds , politicians will be under pressure to invest in the technology to develop a first generation of demonstration plants to feed fusion energy into electricity grids .
Plans for a laser fusion plant have been drawn up at UKAEA in Culham .
The Hiper project would use two lasers to produce power from seawater and lithium , an abundant element .
" When this works , it will immediately change the future energy map for the world , " said John Parris at the Hiper project .
" A single cubic kilometre of seawater contains enough deuterium to supply an amount of energy equal to the entire world 's oil reserves " .
That would overturn concerns over energy security caused by vast amounts of the globe 's oil been locked up beneath a small number of nations .
The NIF facility must overcome major technical hurdles before scientists can start celebrating .
The laser at the heart of the facility can only fire a handful of times a day .
In between each shot , the hydrogen fuel pellet needs to be replaced .
Over the coming years , scientists want to see improvements that allow the facility to run continuously .
That could mean firing the laser 10 times a second , at fuel pellets that are shot mid air as they are dropped into the fusion chamber .
• This article was amended on 1 July 2009 .
The original quoted John Parris at the Hiper project as saying : " One cubic kilometre of sea water has the fusion energy equivalent of whole world 's oil reserves . "
This has been corrected .
A voice came over the loudspeaker and spoke in Dahri , or some other language , for what seemed to be an eternity , then in English “ Welcome to Kabul and Good Luck ” .
That phrase summed up everything I had been told to expect .
It was November 17th 2006 as our plane descended into the Afghan valley .
The airport seemed to be a reflection of the country , a worn down building with luggage conveyor belts that did n’t work , men trying to help you with your bags for a dollar , and children trying to sell you something .
We met our contacts , hopped into the SUV’s , and made our way through the city .
As we drove we noticed so many buildings that had been riddled with bullets and large artillery .
We asked the obvious question , ” Did we ( Americans ) do that ? ”
“ No , neither did the Russians .
They did it to themselves in the time between the Russian withdrawal and the rise of the Taliban . ”
We continued down dilapidated roads along dried out river beds passing along our way caravans of carts and Afghan people walking along the roadside .
( more … )
Would you like a side order of climate denial with your flame - broiled Triple Whopper ?
If so , then you need to get yourself over to Tennessee where a number of Burger King franchises in the US state that gave us Al Gore have been displaying " Global Warming is Baloney " signs outside their fast - food restaurants .
Chris Davis , a staff writer for the Memphis Flyer , a local newsweekly , noticed the signs outside two Burger Kings in the city last week and decided to put in a call to one of the restaurants to inquire whether such a view was now official Burger King policy .
Here 's his transcript of the call …
Davis :
Hi , I 'm calling from the Flyer about your sign .
Does Burger King really think global warming is baloney ?
BK : [ Hang - up ]
Davis : [ Calling back ] :
Your sign out front says global warming is baloney .
BK : I do n't see that , sir .
Davis :
Well , it does .
BK : I do n't see that sir ...
I change the signs and that sign 's been up for a week .
Davis :
Well , I have pictures that I took this afternoon … So , there 's no question that your sign said it and so did one in Midtown .
I want to know if it was on purpose , or if it was a prank someone pulled on you .
BK : Let me get the manager .
[ several minutes of dead air then the same or very similar voice picks up . ]
BK : Who were you holding for ?
Davis : A manager , about the sign .
I have pictures of the sign and people have called me upset .
I just want to know if it 's a mistake or not so I can report it .
BK : Let me go outside and look at the sign and I 'll call you right back .
[ exchange of contact info ]
[ Phone rings , Davis answers ]
BK : The sign was put up yesterday .
Davis :
And it 's not a mistake ?
BK : No .
Davis :
It reflects the opinion of BK international ?
BK : Yes .
Would you like to talk to the home office ?
I can give you a number .
Davis : I 've got the number , I 've already contacted them .
Thanks .
A few days pass before Davis hears back from someone higher up the food chain at Burger King .
Last Friday , he finally received an email from Susan Robison , the vice president of corporate communications at the Burger King Corporation :
This statement [ " Global Warming is baloney " ] does not reflect a Burger King Corp . ( BKC ) opinion or view .
The two restaurants where these signs appeared are independently owned and operated and were not authorized to display this statement .
The signs have since been removed .
BKC believes in operating as a socially responsible company and is committed to making a positive impact in the communities where it lives and works .
One imagines that someone at Burger King realised that the " global warming is baloney " line did n't exactly chime with the views of John Chidsey , the company 's CEO , who believes that climate change is " an overriding issue of importance for the global community , business community and people in general " , as he stated in this short interview conducted at this year 's World Economic Forum .
( How he squares this concern with his company 's drive - thru , meat - munching business model is another matter , though . )
Memphis
Flyer readers have been contacting the paper since the story first appeared to say that they have noticed other restaurants across Tennessee displaying the same sign .
It appears that they are all owned by a company called the Mirabile Investment Corporation ( MIC ) that owns more than 40 Burger Kings across Tennessee , Arkansas and Mississippi , as well as a handful of Popeyes and All In One franchises .
Some readers have added that the signs are still up at some of the restaurants .
Davis says he has requested a response from MIC , but has not yet received one .
I applaud their honesty , though .
I think we should know what a restaurant 's position is on the key issues of the day before we choose to step across their threshold .
Let 's go the full hog – I want to know their views on immigration , cap and trade , MPs expenses , schooling , the Middle East 's roadmap , Susan Boyle and stem cell research before I even reach the menu board outside .
Maybe there 's room in the fast - food sector for a politically - themed chain of restaurants ?
How about we call it Hard To Swallow ?
“ If the Devil ’s Time were above a thousand years ago , pronounced short , what may we suppose it now in our Time ?
Surely we are not a thousand years distant from those happy thousand years of rest and peace and ( which is better ) Holiness reserved for the People of God in the latter days ; and if we are not a thousand years yet short of that Golden Age , there is cause to think , that we are not an hundred . ”
— Cotton Mather , The Wonders of the Invisible World , 1692
In every era since the beginning of recorded history , prophets and mystics have predicted the imminent end of the world , some with dread and foreboding , others with glee .
The desperate and downtrodden bereft of earthly hope have prayed for God to come and give them succor , reigning with justice and creating a paradise free from suffering and want .
Others , acting from baser motives , viewed the world as hopelessly evil and sinful and longed for the apocalypse so that they , the righteous , would be exalted and their enemies would be delivered to the flames of damnation .
Often , these motives could be found in combination .
But whether hopeful or vengeful , all the seers and prophets of the apocalypse have had this in common : they were all wrong .
Their prophecies failed ; their deadlines came and went and the world did not end ; and life went on , just as it always has .
One would think that this lengthy and unbroken record of failure exhibited by past prophets of doom would give the believing masses pause , and perhaps a measure of skepticism , when it comes to the latest apocalyptic excitements .
But if you thought that , you would be underestimating humanity ’s near - limitless capacity for self - delusion .
Those who are dedicated followers of prophecy have always been able to find some conjunction of world events which they believe heralds the end .
Their scenarios have identified a bewildering variety of historical figures and events as antichrists , messiahs , final battles , false prophets , omens , portents , and signs from heaven .
In Robert Price ’s The Paperback Apocalypse , there is a cross-section :
The current crisis is always identified as a sign of the end , whether it was the Russo - Japanese War , the First World War , the Second World War , the Palestine War , the Suez Crisis , the June War , or the Yom Kippur War .
The revival of the Roman Empire has been identified variously as Mussolini ’s empire , the League of Nations , the United Nations , the European Defense Community , the Common Market and NATO .
Speculation on the Antichrist has included Napoleon , Mussolini , Hitler , and Henry Kissinger .
The northern confederation was supposedly formed by the Treaty of Brest - Litovsk , the Rapallo Treaty , the Nazi-Soviet Pact , and then the Soviet Bloc .
The “ kings of the east ” have been variously the Turks , the lost tribes of Israel , Japan , India , and China . [ p.153 ]
In fact , the only thing that remains constant about all these end - times frenzies is how many people eagerly flock to the next one , and how many preachers recycle the same warnings without a hint of awareness that this is what they are doing .
Just as Cotton Mather predicted the imminent end of the world in 1692 , Christians are still doing it today , and this passage is a perfect example :
But if there are no signs for the Rapture itself , what are the legitimate grounds for believing that the Rapture could be especially near of this generation ?
The answer is not found in any prophetic events predicted before the Rapture but in understanding the events that will follow the Rapture .
Just as history was prepared for Christ ’s first coming , in a similar way history is preparing for the events leading up to His Second Coming … .
If this is the case , it leads to the inevitable conclusion that the Rapture may be excitingly near .
Ironically , although this text is approvingly quoted in a 2009 essay by Thomas Ice , it was originally written in 1973 by John Walvoord , in Armageddon , Oil and the Middle East Crisis .
That book was then revised and reissued in 1991 ( why on earth would a prophetic book need to be revised ? ) .
And as Rapture Ready ’s biography of Walvoord says , without a glimmer of self - awareness :
I am sure that , were Walvoord still alive , he would be ready to revise once again !
Indeed , Walvoord , who is now deceased , churned out books on the Rapture throughout the twentieth century .
Again from Rapture Ready , here ’s a partial bibliography – see if you can spot the increasing desperation of the titles :
The Return of the Lord ( 1955 )
The Rapture Question ( 1957 , 1979 )
Israel in Prophecy ( 1962 )
The Church in Prophecy ( 1964 )
The Nations in Prophecy ( 1967 )
Daniel , the Key to Prophetic Revelation ( 1971 )
The Holy Spirit at Work Today ( 1973 )
The Blessed Hope and the Tribulation ( 1976 )
The Millennial Kingdom ( 1983 )
The Prophecy Knowledge Handbook ( 1990 — retitled in 1999 as Every Prophecy of the Bible )
Major Bible Prophecies : 37 Crucial Prophecies That Affect You Today ( 1991 )
The Final Drama : 14 Keys to Understanding the Prophetic Scriptures ( 1993 , 1997 )
End Times : An Explanation of World Events in Biblical Prophecy ( 1998 )
And just when you think he ’d finally given up , the cycle starts all over again with :
Prophecy in the New Millennium : A Fresh Look at Future Events ( 2001 )
In the end , Walvoord had the same destiny as Cotton Mather and all other apocalyptic prophets : he died of natural causes , his predictions went unfulfilled , and life went on .
This is as it has always been , and always will be – and life on Earth will continue its complex , winding , glorious course , untroubled by the fulminatings of apocalyptic prophets .
They may preach however they will ; the sun will rise the next day , regardless .
And when their words have faded to silence and their bodies to dust , our planet will continue , revolving on its grand and stately path through space .
Disasters will happen , and trouble will be with us again , but we will survive and life will endure .
In fact , I recommend it as an experiment .
Search the internet for a near - future date when the world is predicted to end .
( You ’ll have no trouble finding one . )
Then , on the morning of that date , step out of your front door and take a look around .
You ’ll find that the earth did not rise in upheaval , the seas did not turn to blood , and the sky did not turn dark as sackcloth .
Instead , you ’ll see golden sunrises , trees putting forth new leaves , waves crashing gently on the shore , and soft rains quenching the land .
Life will go on , just as it always has and always will .
Think on this , and reflect , the next time your serenity is disturbed by another in the never - ending parade of heralds of imaginary doom .
Francisco Manuel López narra cómo abrió boquetes con su camioneta para rescatar a menores atrapados
Cuando Francisco Manuel López llegó a la guardería ABC , los niños ardían en el interior y en el exterior .
Policías , bomberos y civiles intentaban derribar el muro de la bodega prácticamente con las manos .
“ Estaban tratando de tumbar la pared con un pico , porque la bodega no tenía más que una puerta principal y por ahí no podía salir ni entrar nadie .
Había mucho humo .
Entonces yo empecé a pegarle con la parte trasera de la camioneta para abrir el primer boquete ” , narró a EL UNIVERSAL .
Ocho veces golpeó el concreto con su pick up hasta que quedó la primera abertura , y repitió la operación para los otros dos boquetes que permitió la entrada de los rescatistas .
“ En el primer impacto se quedó encajado el pico en la caja .
Toda la gente me gritaba que siguiera , que derribara la pared .
Después de eso hice otros dos , cuando dejé de hacer los hoyos , entré para ayudar y me di cuenta que había niños encerrados adentro de los cuartos de la bodega .
Tuvieron que tumbar las puertas para sacarlos ” , dijo el testigo del siniestro .
Vecinos consultados afirman que la guardería carecía de un patio interior y uno exterior , además de que estaba contigua a otras tres bodegas sin espacio entre sí , locales que también se incendiaron .
Agregan que el techo de la guardería era de lámina y estaba cubierto en la parte inferior por una capa de hielo seco , y en la parte exterior por un aislante de poliuretano .
En el interior de la bodega había separaciones ( habitaciones ) donde los niños estaban atrapados porque las puertas estaban cerradas .
“ La gente entraba y salía .
El primer policía que entró no tardó ni cinco minutos para salir gateando y ahogado por el humo .
Yo levanté pedazos de hielo seco ardiendo y vi niños con plástico derretido pegado en la piel ” , dijo Francisco Manuel .
La entrada principal de la guardería está ubicada al ras de la calle y es ahí donde vecinos y rescatistas esperaron que Francisco hiciera los boquetes para entrar por los niños .
Por lo menos 66 niños , que inicialmente se encontraban en calidad de desaparecidos , fueron trasladados — por los vecinos que ayudaron en el rescate — a hospitales y a sus domicilios .
Francisco Manuel López , de 23 años , a quien han nombrado en el estado “ héroe ” por su hazaña , trabaja en un taller de laminados cercano a la guardería y fue su padre quien le dio aviso del incendio .
El joven tiene la columna desviada e inflamación en los músculos por los impactos que realizó con su camioneta para salvar vidas .
Someone in the Department of Health is an optimist , or has a wicked sense of humour .
At a time of unrelenting bad news about NHS IT computerisation , and growing concern – including among doctors ' leaders – about the government assuming new powers to share medical data , the DoH is asking the public what it thinks of plans to extend massively the personal information it holds on joined - up databases .
Your employment , mental capacity and the names of your pets are among the data items that may appear on IT systems designed to bridge the gap between hospitals and home care .
Make no mistake , some kind of system is needed .
Almost everyone who works in social care , or has had a family member go through the process , can tell stories of communication breakdowns between NHS medical teams and local authority community care teams .
At best , this means waste and frustration as staff have to collect the same information over and over again ; at worst it means people get the wrong care – or none at all .
The department 's solution is something called the common assessment framework for adults .
A 96 - page document , entitled " A consultation on proposals to improve information sharing around multi- disciplinary assessment and care planning , " has appeared on the DoH website for your comments .
Although official minds are in theory open , the consultation is based on the clear presumption that information sharing is a good thing .
The aim is that :
Ultimately , every locality should seek to have a single community based support system focused on the health and wellbeing of the local population .
Binding together local government , primary care , community based health provision , public health , social care and the wider issues of housing , employment , benefits advice and education / training .
This will not require structural changes , but organisations coming together to re-design local systems around the needs of citizens .
The system will be supported by : " mechanisms to hold and share information securely and appropriately between electronic care records across the NHS , social services and , subsequently , other organisations involved in care and support " .
Attractive as the idea is to the bureaucratic mind , integrating NHS and social care records is a process that should be handled with care .
As the NHS in England has painfully discovered , computerising health records , even within the confines of a hospital department , is a far more subtle and complex process than the IT industry would have us believe .
Adding social care information to the mix adds a massive layer of complexity .
Unresolved difficulties include the coding of subjective information about an individual 's wellbeing or mental capacity , and questions of access and consent .
The government will mumble that there 's nothing really new in these proposals , that the NHS electronic health record was always supposed to extend into social care , and that if anything the common assessment framework will increase security rather than put it under threat .
These assertions should not go unchallenged .
The consultation runs to 17 April .
Let 's make the most of it .
Last week 's BBC programme
The price of life highlighted the plight of cancer sufferers awaiting a decision by NICE , the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence , on a new drug that could extend their lives .
If approved by NICE , the drug , called revlimid and used to treat a cancer called multiple myeloma , could be prescribed freely on the NHS .
If rejected , the prohibitive cost would mean that patients will miss out on those extra months or years .
In the light of the suffering facing myeloma patients and their families , the main criterion for NICE 's decisions — cost - effectiveness — seems almost inhumane .
But , as the BBC programme revealed , NICE has to strike a next to impossible balance : the NHS budget is finite , and an extra year of life for a myeloma sufferer goes at the expense of others — it could mean a baby 's life in an area with high infant mortality , no decent palliative care for other terminally ill patients , or no new diagnostic equipment for a hospital .
It 's hard to make fair decisions without some sort of rational measure , but exactly what kind of mathematical considerations go into NICE 's calculations ?
Bitter pills :
One capsule of revlamid costs over £ 200 .
One of the bones of contention of NICE 's strategy to appraising new drugs is the QALY : the quality adjusted life year .
The QALY is designed to measure both the time a new treatment adds to a person 's life and the quality of life the patient experiences in that extra time .
The average quality of life is measured by a number less than 1 , with 1 standing for best possible health and 0 and below standing for worst possible health .
Multiplying the quality rating and the extra life time a patient can expect , on average , from the drug gives the QALY .
Thus , a drug which promises an extra 5 years , but has a quality rating of only 0.1 , perhaps due to heavy side effects , gives a QALY of 5 × 0.1 = 0.5 , which is less than that of a drug that only adds 1 year , but has a quality rating of 0.6 , giving a QALY of 1 × 0.6 = 0.6 .
The QALY does of course represent an average — it does not predict what an individual patient might experience , but describes what one might expect on average from a whole population .
The QALY forms the basis of NICE 's cost - effectiveness measure , which is worked out as follows .
First , compute the difference between the cost c 1 of a year 's worth of treatment on the new drug and the cost c 2 of a year 's worth of treatment of a standard existing drug .
Then work out the difference between the new drug 's QALY q 1 and the existing drug 's QALY q 2 .
Now compute the ratio between the two differences :
(c 1 -c 2 ) /( q 1 -q 2 ) .
This measures the cost per QALY of the new drug compared to existing treatments .
It 's called the ICER , the incremental cost effectiveness ratio .
In general , NICE works with a £ 30,000 theshold : if a drug 's ICER exceeds this , then there is a high chance that NICE wo n't approve it .
It looks like a chilling calculation .
But the simple formula masks the sophisticated considerations that go into appraising a new drug — considerations made not just by NICE 's panel of experts , but also by the drug company for whom much profit hinges on an acceptance by NICE .
The numbers that go into the QALY and ICER calculations — the time a new drug adds to a patient 's life and the quality of life — are far from clear - cut and there is room for interpretation .
They are based on large - scale clinical trials which compare patients on the new treatment with a control group on traditional treatments .
Scientists fit a mathematical model to the data collected from the trials — in other words , they try to find a mathematical equation which describes the data as closely as possible .
By including information on the patients ' well - being , the model predicts not just the expected survival time of a patient , but also the quality of life experienced by patients on the drug .
It 's on the basis of such a mathematical model that the QALY and ICER are calculated .
A course of revlimid for one patient could pay for important hospital equipment to treat many others .
But any model is only as good as its assumptions .
In the case of revlimid , the manufacturer , Celgene , came up with an ICER of £ 24,584 per QALY gained for patients who had had two prior therapies for their cancer — that 's below NICE 's cut - off of £ 30,000 .
But NICE found Celgene 's model wanting .
Partly because it underestimated additional costs that come with treating a patient with revlimid , for example treatment to prevent deep vein thrombosis , and because it did not take account of side effects of the drug which would lower a patient 's quality of life .
But NICE also criticised a technical point that would escape anyone who 's not a statistical expert .
After the initial stage of the trial , patients in the control group had been given the option to cross over into the revlimid group , and many did .
To make up for the resulting lack of data on long - term survival of non-revlimid patients , Celgene used data from other clinical trials on myeloma survival rates that had been done previously .
It adjusted its model using the median of overall survival of patients in those trials .
This , according to NICE , was the wrong statistic to look at .
The median represents the exact mid-point of the sample : 50 % of patients in the trial survived longer than the median and the other 50 % did not .
It 's a good summary statistic of survival rates , but it tells you nothing about the total number of years you can expect a group of myeloma patients to survive .
That information is encoded in the mean ( i.e. average ) survival rate : you can work out the total number of years you expect a group of patients to survive by multiplying the mean by the number of patients .
If you 're interested in how many years of survival you can buy on a fixed budget , it 's the mean you should be looking at .
This small technical point turned out to have a huge impact on the ICER : when NICE ran an improved model calibrated to the mean , rather than the median , the ICER of people with two prior therapies almost doubled to £ 47,100 — a difference between approval and rejection .
For another subgroup in the trial involving patients with one former therapy the ICER increased by a factor of 30 !
Celgene never did agree with NICE on the median issue , arguing that the mean can be skewed by outliers , patients who survive for unusually long or short periods , but it did present a revised model addressing some of NICE 's criticisms .
And it threw a deal into the bargain , promising to cover the cost of revlimid for all patients who remained on the drug after two years .
This brought NICE 's ICER projection down to £ 43,800 for patients who have had two or more previous therapies .
According to NICE 's model , these patients could expect to live 1.8 years longer , at a cost of £ 54,291 per patient .
The 1.8 extra years corresponded to 1.24 QALYs , which means that the quality of life of revlimid patients is rated as 0.68 — two thirds that of a person in full health .
How to divide a finite budget .
The £ 43,800 figure was still above NICE 's threshold , but new rules came along just in time for the revlimid appraisal .
Acknowledging the special plight of terminally ill patients , these rules allow NICE to exceed the threshold for end - of - life treatments .
As a result , revlimid was approved for patients with two or more previous therapies .
In the stark language of mathematics this means that each week spent at the end of life of myeloma patients is worth 43,800 / 30,000 = 1.46 of an ordinary week , or ten days instead of seven days .
A life - saving decision for myeloma patients , but , as the programme showed , one that provoked anger in people responsible for other public health issues because of the cut - backs it will bring along elsewhere .
Using maths to place a value on life seems distasteful , and it 's natural to sympathise with patients who stand to lose out on account of an unfeeling measure like the QALY .
But , as the revlimid case shows , far more expert and human judgment goes into the calculations than the simple equations suggest .
It 's not a matter of mechanically plugging made - up numbers into these equations , but of carefully assessing a drug 's effectiveness and scrutinising the manufacturer 's claims .
Mathematics is the only way to do this objectively .
The final equations , the QALY and ICER , are an attempt to summarise the results in order to make rational comparisons and to fairly divide a finite pie .
They are controversial , and rightly so — the important thing is that these measures are continually debated , and that there is flexibility to override the mathematical rule .
Further reading
Despite what sales data might tell you , Electronic Arts still wants to see Faith continue her adventure .
Patrick Soderlund , senior vice president at EA Games Europe , told Videogamer the company plans on releasing a sequel to the innovative first - person platformer .
"
You will see another Mirror 's Edge Soderlund also admitted the company rolled the dice with the game and hoped it would have sold much better in the end .
" Mirror 's Edge was a risky move .
It was a bold move , a very innovative and inspiring move .
The game was n't perfect by any means .
We would have liked the game to sell better even though the game has sold better than most people think .
" No other details about the sequel were given .
Considering only a small team is working on the game currently , fans should n't expect a release anytime soon .
The Search For ET Just Got Easier
by Staff Writers
London , UK ( SPX ) Jun 12 , 2009
The past two decades have witnessed the discovery of hundreds of exoplanets ( planets beyond our solar system ) .
Ambitious missions , ground and space based , are already being planned for the next decades , and the discovery of Earth - like planets is only a matter of time .
Once these planets are found , techniques like transmission spectra will be invaluable to their further exploration .
Astronomers using the Science and Technology Facilities Council 's ( STFC ) William Herschel Telescope ( WHT ) on La Palma have confirmed an effective way to search the atmospheres of planets for signs of life , vastly improving our chances of finding alien life outside our solar system .
The team from the Instituto de Astrofisica de Canarias ( IAC ) used the WHT and the Nordic Optical Telescope ( NOT ) to gather information about the chemical composition of the Earth 's atmosphere from sunlight that has passed through it .
The research is published in Nature .
When a planet passes in front of its parent star , part of the starlight passes through the planet 's atmosphere and contains information about the constituents of the atmosphere , providing vital information about the planet itself .
This is called a transmission spectrum and even though astronomers can't use exactly the same method to look at the Earth 's atmosphere , they were able to gain a spectrum of our planet by observing light reflected from the Moon towards the Earth during a lunar eclipse .
This is the first time the transmission spectrum of the Earth has been measured .
The spectrum not only contained signs of life but these signs were unmistakably strong .
It also contained unexpected molecular bands and the signature of the earth ionosphere .
Enric Palle , lead author of the paper , from the Instituto de Astrofisica de Canarias , said , " Now we know what the transmission spectrum of a inhabited planet looks like , we have a much better idea of how to find and recognize Earth like planets outside our solar system where life may be thriving .
The information in this spectrum shows us that this is a very effective way to gather information about the biological processes that may be taking place on a planet . "
Pilar Montanes - Rodriguez , from the Instituto de Astrofisica de Canarias , added , " Many discoveries of Earth - size planets are expected in the next decades and some will orbit in the habitable zone of their parent stars .
Obtaining their atmospheric properties will be highly challenging ; the greatest reward will happen when one of those planets shows a spectrum like that of our Earth . "
The past two decades have witnessed the discovery of hundreds of exoplanets ( planets beyond our solar system ) .
Ambitious missions , ground and space based , are already being planned for the next decades , and the discovery of Earth - like planets is only a matter of time .
Once these planets are found , techniques like transmission spectra will be invaluable to their further exploration .
Professor Keith Mason , Chief Executive of the Science and Technology Facilities Council ( STFC ) , said , " This new transmission spectrum is good news for future upcoming ground and space based missions dedicated to the search for life in the Universe .
The UK is committed to cutting edge science and UK owned facilities like the WHT are helping to make many groundbreaking discoveries and expand our knowledge of the Universe .
Not only do these results improve our knowledge of our own planet but we now have an effective way to search for life on the increasing number of exoplanets being found by astronomers . "
Today ’s complaint comes from Charlotte in Sydney and I ’ll let her do the talking , because , quite frankly – she does it so very well :
I manage a Japanese goods store – the type that most people may be familiar with – we sell things like stationery , toys , bags and similar things from Japan .
Many of these items are hilarious because of their poor English .
The two types of people that come into this store are either ex-pats wanting something to remind them of home , or Australians who just find the products funny .
This is fine with me ; I find them funny as well .
We had this particularly ‘ engrish ’ bag in stock that sold quite quickly ( photo attached ) – though about a week later – we received this email :
USE THIS WEBSITE TO TRANSLATE : http://babelfish.yahoo.com/
Hello , I have linked you to this website because I think it ’s very important that you understand what I ’m writing .
A friend of mine recently gave me a bag from your store as a ‘ funny ’ gift .
I have to say , I most certainly did not laugh .
It was a bag with a smiling red dog on the front with the absolutely nonsensical words : “ No objcction ” and then underneath that : “ I beard chiece ’s
a big patty
tonsgot Sourds
The too doesn’s
Its Let ’s go out ” I think I speak for everyone in the English speaking world when I say – what on earth do you think you ’re trying to communicate ?
I am a high school English teacher and I take offence to this item not only being displayed , but sold in Australia .
A linguistic atrocity has been committed here .
What will children passing by think ?
That this is how you should speak ?
I certainly hope not – because it will be community leaders like me that will have to pick up the pieces .
I am willing to sacrifice my time to teach your staff English , you need only ask .
Beyond that , there are so very many places where you can learn to speak English in Sydney for free – I implore you all to take up that opportunity .
I have been into your shop since and I am also willing to come into your shop one evening to tell you which of your products are incorrect , which , I am sad to say is the vast majority .
I hope that this email will not only assist you to make your success in our country – but assist all those that your products have misled into speaking improperly .
Charlotte continues :
It ’s with deep regret that I have to decline her offer to not only patronise me and my staff with her English lessons , but also for her to come in and strip my store of all its products .
It just so happens that I was born in Australia and learnt English in primary school and from my parents like everyone else .
Now that I can not only speak English and Japanese – but am almost fluent in French , I ’ll be happy to offer my staff any linguistic assistance they may need – which is none , as they can all speak English also .
Wow… Charlotte .
That ’s amazing .
That ’s unbelievable .
That ’s… um …
I ’m , really sorry …
— Edited To Add —
Out of curiousity , I decided to use this woman ’s ‘ helpful ’ link to babel fish to translate her message to Japanese and then back to English …
Now who ’s creating the linguistic atrocities ?
Because today , as for me as for understanding those which I have written on this web sight I think of that it is very important , it connected .
Recently my friend gave the sack from your store to me as the gift of funny of the ` .
I must say me most did not laugh most certainly .
That was the sack where the dog whose smile of the front part of meaningless word is red absolutely has been attached : “ There is no objcction ”
and next under that : “ chiece of my self - depreciation large patty tonsgot Sourds I who doesn that will go out excessively ”
when I say , think of that you speak for everyone of the world where me you speak English , – what the fact that to transmit is tried , you think ?
I am English of the high school teacher , feeling is harmed in this item which is not indicated simply , is sold in Australia .
Language atrocity was entrusted here .
The child has crossed what , you think ?
This how should speak , whether , being ?
I certainly – that the community leader way must control situation , because it is I it is not , you desire .
As for me simply it is necessary to ask my time which is taught in sacrifice English of your staff , rejoicing , is .
Exceeding that , in order to take the opportunity me such very can learn the fact that you speak the Sydney for all freedom which you entreat English there are many places .
I and it decides that it comes entering to 1 evening your stores because either one of your products says , whether it is inaccurate at your store , the large portion where , I saying , am sad and am .
I this E - mail help just in order to help the E - mail which is made to misunderstand to in order – to do your success of our countries all your products speaking to inadequacy , but thing is desired .
CBS : The Fall Schedule
Well , I know at least one person who is beside herself about the news that Alex O’Loughlin is back on the airwaves , but I ’m obviously happiest to get the confirmation that CBS did indeed decide to pick up “ Medium ” after NBC so rudely dumped it , giving it the most appropriate timeslot on their schedule ( the post - “ Ghost Whisperer ” spot on Friday nights ) .
Let ’s look at the rest of the developments , shall we ?
Monday
8:00 PM – How I Met Your Mother
8:30 PM – Accidentally On Purpose
A comedy starring Golden Globe Award winner Jenna Elfman as Billie , a single woman who finds herself “ accidentally ” pregnant after a one - night stand with a much younger guy , and decides to keep the baby … and the guy .
A newspaper film critic , Billie is barely surviving a humiliating breakup with her charming boss , James ( Grant Show ) , who ’s still trying to resume their relationship .
Suddenly expecting a child with her “ boy toy , ” Zack ( Jon Foster ) , Billie and Zack make an arrangement : to live together platonically .
Billie ’s party girl best friend Olivia ( Ashley Jensen ) , and Abby ( Lennon Parham ) , her conventional , younger married sister , eagerly look forward to the new addition and offer their own brands of advice and encouragement .
But when Zack and his freeloading friends , including Davis ( Nicolas Wright ) , start to turn her place into a frat house , Billie is n’t sure if she ’s living with a boyfriend , a roommate , or if she just has another child to raise .
9:00 PM – Two and a Half Men
9:30 PM – The Big Bang Theory
10:00 PM – CSI Miami
Tuesday
8:00 PM – NCIS
9:00 PM – NCIS : Los Angeles
A drama about the high stakes world of undercover surveillance at the Office of Special Projects ( OSP ) , a division of NCIS that is charged with apprehending dangerous and elusive criminals that pose a threat to the nation ’s security .
By assuming false identities and utilizing the most advanced technology , this team of highly trained agents goes deep undercover , putting their lives on the line in the field to bring down their targets .
Special Agent “ G ” Callen ( Chris O’Donnell ) is a chameleon who transforms himself into whomever he needs to be to infiltrate the criminal underworld .
His partner is Special Agent Sam Hanna ( LL Cool J ) , a former U.S. Navy SEAL who has seen action in both Afghanistan and Iraq , and a surveillance expert who uses state of the art monitoring equipment to look out for those in the field and feed them crucial information .
Both Callen and Hanna report to Special Agent Lara Macy ( Louise Lombard ) , the OSP team leader responsible for directing the operations and making life - or - death decisions .
Assisting the team is Special Agent Kensi Lo ( Daniela Ruah ) , the exceptionally bright daughter of a slain Marine who lives for the adrenalin rush that comes with undercover work , and Operational Psychologist Nate Getz ( Peter Cambor ) , adept at getting into anybody ’s head , profiling the target and monitoring agents ’ states of mind before , during and after missions .
Armed with the latest in high tech gear and sent regularly into life - threatening situations , this tight - knit team relies on each other to do what is necessary to protect national interests .
10:00 PM – The Good Wife
A drama starring Emmy Award winner Julianna Margulies as a wife and mother who must assume full responsibility for her family and re-enter the workforce after her husband ’s very public sex and political corruption scandal lands him in jail .
Pushing aside the betrayal and crushing public humiliation caused by her husband Peter ( Chris Noth ) , Alicia Florrick ( Margulies ) starts over by pursuing her original career as a defense attorney .
As a junior associate at a prestigious Chicago law firm , she joins her longtime friend , former law school classmate and firm partner Will Gardner ( Josh Charles ) , who is interested to see how Alicia will perform after 13 years out of the courtroom .
Alicia is grateful the firm ’s top litigator , Diane Lockhart ( Christine Baranski ) , offers to mentor her but discovers the offer has conditions and realizes she ’s going to need to succeed on her own merit .
Alicia ’s main competition among the firm ’s 20 - something new recruits is Cary ( Matt Czuchry ) , a recent Harvard grad who is affable on the surface , but will use any means to ensure that he , not Alicia , secures the one full - time associate position that ’s available .
Fortunately , Alicia finds an ally in Kalinda ( Archie Panjabi ) , the firm ’s tough in - house investigator .
Gaining confidence every day , Alicia transforms herself from embarrassed politician ’s scorned wife to resilient career woman , especially for the sake of providing a stable home for her children , 14 - year - old Zach ( Graham Phillips ) and 13 - year - old Grace ( Makenzie Vega ) .
For the first time in years , Alicia trades in her identity as the “ good wife ” and takes charge of her own destiny .
Wednesday
8:00 PM – The New Adventures of Old Christine
8:30 PM – Gary Unmarried
9:00 PM – Criminal Minds
10:00 PM – CSI NY
Thursday
8:00 PM – Survivor
9:00 PM – CSI : Crime Scene Investigation
10:00 PM – The Mentalist
Friday
8:00 PM – Ghost Whisperer
9:00 PM – Medium
10:00 PM – Numb3rs
Saturday
8:00 PM – Crime Time Saturday
9:00 PM – Crime Time Saturday
10:00 PM – 48 Hours Mystery
Sunday
7:00 PM – 60 Minutes
8:00 PM – The Amazing Race
9:00 PM – Three Rivers
A medical drama that goes inside the emotionally complex lives of organ donors , the recipients and the surgeons at the preeminent transplant hospital in the country where every moment counts .
However , dealing with donor families in their darkest hour and managing the fears and concerns of apprehensive recipients takes much more than just a sharp scalpel .
Leading the elite team is Dr. Andy Yablonski ( Alex O’Loughlin ) , the highly - skilled workaholic lead organ transplant surgeon , whose good - natured personality and sarcastic wit makes him popular with his patients and colleagues .
His colleagues include Dr. Miranda Foster ( Katherine Moennig ) , a surgical fellow with a rebellious streak and fiery temper who strives to live up to her deceased father ’s excellent surgical reputation ; Dr. David Lee ( Daniel Henney ) , a womanizing surgical resident who ’s broken as many hearts as he ’s replaced ; Ryan Abbott ( Christopher J. Hanke ) , the inexperienced new transplant coordinator who arranges the intricately choreographed process of quickly and carefully transporting organs from donor to patient ; Dr. Sophia Jordan ( Julia Ormond ) , the head of surgery and a dedicated medical professional ; and Pam Acosta ( Justina Machado ) , Andy ’s no-nonsense operating assistant and best friend .
In this high stakes arena , in which every case is a race against the clock , these tenacious surgeons and medical professionals are the last hope for their patients .
10:00 PM – Cold Case
New Mid-Season Series
* Arranged Marriage – A series that brings the tradition of arranged marriages , which is still practiced successfully by many cultures throughout the world , to the U.S. , where it is virtually an inconceivable option for most single Americans .
Three adults who are anxious to get married , but who have been unsuccessful in their own search for a mate , choose a life - altering path .
They rely on their closest family and friends , those who love and know them best , to choose someone for them to marry based on shared goals , values , experiences and the commitment to make it work .
The series intimately documents these three arranged marriages , starting with the first meetings of the families and the wedding day ; and then follows the couple through the day - to - day joys , challenges , and emotional tumult that results from their arranged union .
* The Bridge – A drama about a tough and dedicated police officer who is voted to become the police union ’s dynamic leader .
To serve the public as well as his 8,000 fellow officers , charismatic Frank Leo ( Aaron Douglas ) battles criminals on the street , corruption in the ranks and his own bosses .
On the force is his able partner and confidante Tommy Dunn ( Paul Popowich ) , who rides with Frank across the bridge that spans the divide between the rich and the poor in the area they patrol ; Staff Sergeant Bernie Kantor ( Frank Cassini ) , a voice of reason and moral sounding board ; Jill ( Inga Cadranel ) , a detective with a lot of attitude who is moving up the ranks ; Billy ( Theresa Joy ) , a young female cop who is determined to prove herself to the guys ; and Ed Wycoff ( Michael Murphy ) , the shrewd Chief of Police .
Abby St. James ( Ona Grauer ) is a sharp prosecutor who begins working with the police union , and shares a mutual attraction with Frank .
In his new position , Frank Leo takes on the politically - motivated department brass … and makes many powerful enemies in the process .
* Miami Trauma – A drama about a team of expert surgeons who work at one of the premiere trauma facilities in the country , where only patients with life threatening injuries are treated .
Dr. Matthew Proctor ( Jeremy Northam ) is new to the trauma team , after a tour of duty in a MASH unit during the Gulf war .
Dr. Eva Zambrano ( Lana Parrilla ) is a workaholic surgeon who is more comfortable in her scrubs than she is out in the real world .
Dr. Christopher Deleo , “ Dr. C. , ” is a playboy who thrives on the high - stakes of trauma medicine and is , by his own description , a genius redneck .
Dr. Serena Warren ( Elisabeth Harnois ) is fresh out of medical school , and head nurse Tuck Brody ( Omar Gooding ) keeps the doctors on track and the patients ’ families updated in this chaotic corner of the medical profession .
Together , this team of doctors excels in the “ golden hour , ” the 60 minutes after being critically injured , when a patient ’s life hangs in the balance .
* Undercover Boss –
A new reality series that follows high level corporate executives as they slip anonymously into the lowest level jobs within their companies .
Once undercover , they ’ll get their hands dirty with the rank and file , find out what their employees REALLY think of them and discover how smoothly their companies are REALLY run .
In the process , these senior executives learn about themselves , the perception of their company and the spirit of their work force .
Also returning mid-season :
* Rules of Engagement
Ex -BART cop 's lawyers press case against D.A. BART POLICE SHOOTING
Johannes Mehserle , right , appears in the East Fork Justice Court on Wednesday , Jan. 14 , 2009 , in Minden , Nev. Mehserle is being held on charges related to the New Year 's day shooting of an unarmed man on an Oakland , Calif . , train platform .
Mehserle , 27 , waived extradition to California early Wednesday during a brief court appearance in Minden , Nev. , and was being held without bail on a warrant charging homicide .
Douglas County Sheriff 's Deputy Ron Mills is at left .
less Johannes Mehserle , right , appears in the East Fork Justice Court on Wednesday , Jan. 14 , 2009 , in Minden , Nev. Mehserle is being held on charges related to the New Year 's day shooting of an unarmed man on an ... more Photo : Cathleen Allison , AP Photo : Cathleen Allison , AP Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Ex-BART cop 's lawyers press case against D.A. 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
Lawyers for a former BART police officer charged with murdering an unarmed passenger pressed their case to disqualify the district attorney 's office Wednesday , after the state acknowledged that two Oakland policemen had tried to question the officer without a lawyer but argued it was not illegal .
The volley of legal filings came as both sides prepared for Monday 's preliminary hearing in Alameda County Superior Court to determine whether there is enough evidence to try Johannes Mehserle for murder in the Jan. 1 shooting death of Oscar Grant .
Grant , 22 , of Hayward , was shot in the back while lying on the platform at BART 's Fruitvale Station in Oakland , where officers were holding him after an early morning fight on a train .
Mehserle 's lawyers say the 27 - year - old officer thought he was firing his Taser stun gun .
He is free on $ 3 million bail .
A hearing is also scheduled Monday on a request by Mehserle 's lawyers to remove District Attorney Tom Orloff and his office from the case because of Orloff 's attempt to interrogate Mehserle in jail .
If Orloff is disqualified , state Attorney General Jerry Brown 's office would take over the prosecution .
Mehserle was charged with murder Jan. 13 and arrested later that day in Douglas County , Nev. According to police records cited by Mehserle 's lawyer , Michael Rains , Orloff sent two Oakland officers to Nevada to arrest and question Mehserle .
When they were unable to locate him , attorney Christopher Miller , who was then representing him , arranged Mehserle 's surrender , Rains said .
Miller then visited Mehserle in jail .
After he left , the two police officers arrived , read Mehserle his rights , and departed when he invoked his right to remain silent , the officers ' notes said .
In a motion filed April 28 , Rains argued that Orloff had knowingly violated Mehserle 's right to his lawyer 's presence during interrogation .
The U.S. Supreme Court ruled in 1964 that once a suspect is charged and has a lawyer , prosecutors and their representatives can't question the suspect outside the lawyer 's presence .
Defendants usually rely on that ruling to exclude evidence of any statements they made .
In this case , Rains argued , Orloff 's actions amounted to a criminal conspiracy as well as a violation of State Bar ethical standards .
Orloff has declined comment , citing a judge 's gag order on lawyers in the case , and is relying on arguments submitted this week by Brown 's office opposing disqualification .
Gerald Engler , a senior assistant attorney general , agreed with Rains ' version of the facts but said the prosecutor had acted legally .
" It does not violate the Constitution to ask a charged defendant if he would like to talk to the police , " as long as the officers tell him he has the right to a lawyer , Engler wrote .
He acknowledged that the Supreme Court has forbidden such contact after the prosecutor knows a defendant has a lawyer .
But in this case , Engler said , although Miller had repeatedly told Orloff that he represented Mehserle , the prosecutor did n't have to take the lawyer 's word for it .
Rains derided that explanation in papers filed Wednesday .
He said prosecutors and police knew from the day of the shooting that Mehserle had a lawyer and was unwilling to talk to investigators .
In his eagerness to get a confession , Rains wrote , " Mr. Orloff has proven time and again that he is more concerned with winning than with doing justice , more focused on appeasing the public than on conducting this prosecution with the highest degree of impartiality and integrity . "
Do n’t miss James Turner ’s Interview with Google Engineering ’s Othar Hansson and RV Guha
On Tuesday , Google introduced a feature called Rich Snippets which provides users with a convenient summary of a search result at a glance .
They have been experimenting with microformats and RDFa , and are officially introducing the feature and allowing more sites to participate .
While the Google announcement makes it clear that this technology is being phased in over time making no guarantee that your site ’s RDFa or microformats will be parsed , Google has given us a glimpse of the future of indexing .
Read this article to find out about the underlying technology and how you can prepare you own content to work with this emerging technology .
What is RDFa ?
While Google ’s announcement today focuses on microformats they will soon release support for RDFa .
From the W3C RDFa in XHTML Specification :
The current Web is primarily made up of an enormous number of documents that have been created using HTML .
These documents contain significant amounts of structured data , which is largely unavailable to tools and applications .
When publishers can express this data more completely , and when tools can read it , a new world of user functionality becomes available , letting users transfer structured data between applications and web sites , and allowing browsing applications to improve the user experience : an event on a web page can be directly imported into a user ’s desktop calendar ; a license on a document can be detected so that users can be informed of their rights automatically ; a photo ’s creator , camera setting information , resolution , location and topic can be published as easily as the original photo itself , enabling structured search and sharing .
Let ’s take a quick look at a review from Amazon , and see how it would be marked up with RDFa to provide more information for Rich Snippets .
First , here ’s a review from the Amazon site :
Next , let ’s take a look at a ( very simplified ) example of markup that might be used to generate this review :
< div > < div > 79 of 98 people found the following review helpful : </div > < div > < span >5.0 out of 5 stars </ span > < span >< b> American Biographer : Jon Meacham</b>/span > </div > < div >< a href= " http://www.amazon.com/gp/pdp/profile/A2G8PQ9HNUY6NA/ " > < span>Marian the Librarian</ span></a> ( NY , NY ) - </div > < div > < b> This review is from : < a href= " http://www.amazon.com/American-Lion-Andrew-Jackson-White/dp/1400063256/ " >
American Lion : Andrew Jackson in the White House ( Hardcover ) < / a></b> </div> < div class = " review " >
American Lion is a wonderfully crafted biography about an incredibly interesting and oft - overlooked American who helped shaped this country ...
</div> </div> 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 < div > < div > 79 of 98 people found the following review helpful : < / div > < div > < span > 5.0 out of 5 stars < / span > < span > < b > American Biographer : Jon Meacham < / b > / span > < / div > < div > < a href =
" http://www.amazon.com/gp/pdp/profile/A2G8PQ9HNUY6NA/ " > < span >
Marian the Librarian < / span > < / a > ( NY , NY ) - < / div > < div > < b >
This review is from : < a href = " http://www.amazon.com/American-Lion-Andrew-Jackson-White/dp/1400063256/ " > American Lion : Andrew Jackson in the White House ( Hardcover ) < / a > < / b > < / div >
< div class = " review " >
American Lion is a wonderfully crafted biography about an incredibly interesting and oft - overlooked American who helped shaped this country . . . < / div > < / div >
Next , let ’s add the RDFa markup to this review that would allow Google to integrate this review into Google ’s Rich Snippets .
To markup this XHTML with RDFa , you use the http://data-vocabulary.org namespace and a set of attributes .
To see a list of attributes that work with Google ’s indexing technology , see this RDF for data-vocabulary.org :
< div < b> xmlns:v= " http://rdf.data-vocabulary.org " typeof = " v:review </b > " > < div > 79 of 98 people found the following review helpful : </div > < div > < span >< span < b> property = " v:rating " </ b>>5.0</ span > out of 5 stars </ span > < span >< b> American Biographer : Jon Meacham</b>/span > </div > < div >< a href= " http://www.amazon.com/gp/pdp/profile/A2G8PQ9HNUY6NA/ " > < span < b> property = " v:reviewer " about = " http://www.amazon.com/gp/pdp/profile/A2G8PQ9HNUY6NA/ " ></b>Marian the Librarian</ span></a> ( NY , NY ) - < span < b> property=" v:dtreviewed " </b>>1st April 2009 </ span > </div > < div > < b > This review is from : < a < b> property = " v:itemreviewed " about = " http://www.amazon.com/American-Lion-Andrew-Jackson-White/dp/1400063256/ "</b> href= " http://www.amazon.com/American-Lion-Andrew-Jackson-White/dp/1400063256/ " >
American Lion : Andrew Jackson in the White House ( Hardcover ) < / a></b> </div > < div class = " review " < b> property= " v:description " </b>>
American Lion is a wonderfully crafted biography about an incredibly interesting and oft - overlooked American who helped shaped this country ...
</div> </div> 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 < div < b > xmlns : v = " http://rdf.data-vocabulary.org " typeof = " v:review < / b > " > < div > 79 of 98 people found the following review helpful : < / div > < div > < span > < span < b > property = " v:rating " < / b >> 5.0 < / span > out of 5 stars < / span > < span > < b > American Biographer : Jon Meacham < / b > / span > < / div > < div > < a href =
" http://www.amazon.com/gp/pdp/profile/A2G8PQ9HNUY6NA/ " > < span < b > property = " v:reviewer " about = " http://www.amazon.com/gp/pdp/profile/A2G8PQ9HNUY6NA/ " > < / b > Marian the Librarian < / span > < / a > ( NY , NY ) - < span < b > property = " v:dtreviewed " < / b >> 1st April 2009 < / span > < / div > < div > < b >
This review is from : < a < b > property = " v:itemreviewed " about = " http://www.amazon.com/American-Lion-Andrew-Jackson-White/dp/1400063256/ "
< / b > href = " http://www.amazon.com/American-Lion-Andrew-Jackson-White/dp/1400063256/ " > American Lion : Andrew Jackson in the White House ( Hardcover ) < / a > < / b > < / div >
< div class = " review " < b > property = " v:description " < / b >>
American Lion is a wonderfully crafted biography about an incredibly interesting and oft - overlooked American who helped shaped this country . . . < / div > < / div >
This initial release covers people and reviews , but Google will be slowly rolling out support for other RDFa vocabularies and microformats as they become available .
For more information , see “ Marking up content with RDFa ”
on the Google Webmaster / Site Owners Help site .
Analysis
While the Semantic Web has been around for years , it has yet to live up to the audacious promises that heralded its introduction to the world .
What is the Semantic Web ?
Here ’s the definition from Wikipedia in case you need a refresher :
Humans are capable of using the Web to carry out tasks such as finding the Finnish word for “ monkey ” , reserving a library book , and searching for a low price for a DVD .
However , a computer cannot accomplish the same tasks without human direction because web pages are designed to be read by people , not machines .
The semantic web is a vision of information that is understandable by computers , so that they can perform more of the tedious work involved in finding , sharing , and combining information on the web .
In short , the Semantic Web is about more “ meaningful ” content .
We ’ve perfected the art of scanning text and creating massive distributed indexes that produce highly relevant search results , but when you type in “ Swine Flu ” you are really still dealing with an inefficient indexing approach that does n’t know about the meaning of the text being parsed and indexed .
Moving toward the Semantic Web will allow our searching technologies to become more intelligent and will set the stage for the next revolution in which computing systems can become more aware of the “ meaningfulness of data ” .
We ’ve already seen a shift toward “ semantic search ” : Google has already been augmenting search results with Google Maps , limited catalog searches , and more recent entries into the search market such as Amazon ’s A9 and the yet to be released Wolfram Alpha differentiate themselves by the structured data and content that can be extracted from a search result .
We have yet to a see a compelling reason for web masters to place RDFa or microformats into a site to enable this semantic data to be mined until today , until Google provided a social incentive for site designers .
This shift toward semantic markup promises to disrupt existing SEO approaches which are built atop the platform Google provides .
With Google in the game , it now becomes an imperative , sites that want to be listed in search results with Rich Snippets will need to think about RDFa and microformats .
Tools that have been designed to present person and review data will now output RDFa and microformat markup compatible with Google by default .
Blogging systems like Moveable Type or WordPress , ecommerce tools like Magento , content management tools like Alfresco and Drupal will , very quickly , adopt the formats supported by Google , and in five years time , we wo n’t be able to imagine a web that was n’t being supported by semantic markup .
We think reminisce about the days when search results were produced by ad - hoc text processing technologies unsupported by meaningful data .
The search result you are used to today will seem quaint in comparison to the rich data - centric experience of the emerging Semantic Web .
“ The Semantic Web is not a separate Web but an extension of the current one , in which information is given well - defined meaning , better enabling computers and people to work in cooperation .
” – Tim Berners - Lee
UPDATE ( 3:52 PM ) :
We ’ve had some response about failing to mention Yahoo ’s SearchMonkey which also supports RDFa and Microformats .
Google is certainly not the first search engine to support RDFa and Microformats , but it certainly has the most influence on the search market .
With 72 % of the search market , Google has the influence to make people pay attention to RDFa and Microformats .
Pretty much all Linux newbies will at some point be dazzled by the amazing powers of dd , and consider using it for backups .
DON’T !
Allow me to elaborate :
dd must be run on an unmounted device .
The point of using dd is usually to get a snapshot , but it ’s not a snapshot if the system keeps running and modifying the FS while it ’s being copied !
The “ snapshot ” will be a random collection of all the states that the data and metadata were in during the 30 + minutes it took to copy .
It ’s hard to restore on a file by file basis .
You hardly ever want to restore everything , usually you just want one file or directory that was accidentally deleted , or all files except the ones you ’ve been working on since the backup was taken .
It ’s hard to restore to new hardware .
If you suffer a massive disk crash , you will indeed want to restore everything .
If you ’re restoring to the same size disk , and you do n’t decide that you want less swap or a bigger root partition while you ’re at it , you can now easily restore and thank the gods that most FS do n’t rely on disk geometry anymore .
If you try to restore to a smaller disk on a secondary / old computer , you ’re just screwed .
If you upgrade to a larger disk ( by far the most likely scenario ) , you ’ll be playing the partition shuffle for a while to get use of the new space .
It ’s highly system dependent , and requires root to extract files .
You ca n’t use your mum ’s Wintendo or even your school ’s Linux boxes to get out that geography report .
And if you ’re sick of Linux after it botched your system , you ca n’t switch to FreeBSD or OSX .
You ca n’t do incremental backups .
You ca n’t properly back up just the information that has changed .
This all but kills network backups , and dramatically reduces the number of snapshots you can keep .
So when is dd a decent choice for backups ?
Take a snapshot of a new laptop that does n’t come with restoration disks , so that you can restore it if you sell the laptop to a non -geek or if the laptop needs servicing ( it ’ll make life easier for clueless techies , and companies have been known to use Linux as an excuse for not covering hardware repairs ) .
Create a disk image right before you try something major that you want to be able to reverse , such as upgrading to the latest Ubuntu beta to see if the new video driver works better with your card .
Or right before installing Puppy Linux to write a little review about it .
Restoring the image will be easier than downgrading / reinstalling , and you wo n’t have done any work in the mean time .
Image a computer and teach the kids how to install an operating system in a realistic scenario .
“ … the most complex and detailed artistic depiction of the brain in the world , featuring an 8 ’ X 12 ’ gilded reflective microetching of a sagittal slide of the human brain . ”
Rendering of a reconstruction of all mitral cells in the larval zebrafish olfactory bulb , with cells coloured according to the glomerulus they innervate .
( Image courtesy of Adrian Wanner / Friedrich Miescher / Institute for Biomedical Research / Nature Neuroscience )
The vertical occipital fasciculus , a major neural pathway rediscovered after disappearing from the scientific literature for a century .
3D reconstruction of nerve cell connections in the mouse retina .
From Kim , et al. ( 2014 ) .
The crowdsourced wiring diagram may have revealed a time - delay neural network that makes certain cells sensitive to motion in specific directions .
Computer - generated reconstruction of three pyramidal neurons , showing differences in the distribution of myelin ( shown in white ) along their axons .
Daniel Berger / Giulio Tomassy / Harvard University .
“ Like the entomologist in search of colourful butterflies , my attention has chased in the gardens of the grey matter cells with delicate and elegant shapes , the mysterious butterflies of the soul whose beating of wings may one day reveal to us the secrets of the mind ” - Cajal .
Pyramidal neurons and their dendrites visualised with patch clamp fluorescence microscopy .
Alexandre William Moreau / Institute of Neurology / Nikon Small World Competition .
Mexican authorities say 12 assassins acting for drug gangs were killed when policemen and soldiers raided a house in the central state of Guanajuato .
More than 12,000 people have been killed in drug- related violence in Mexico since President Felipe Calderon took office in December 2006 .
Federal police and soldiers approached what they suspected was a safe house in Guanajuato and were met by a barrage of automatic gunfire .
During the shootout , which took place in broad daylight , several grenades were hurled from inside the house .
Within an hour , 12 men , all described as hitmen by the Mexican prosecutor 's office , were dead .
Two policemen are also understood to have been wounded .
Gun battles between rival gangs and government forces are relatively common in Mexico .
Earlier this month a confrontation in the city of Acapulco left 18 dead .
- BBC
( article from an email via Carl Worden )
Executive Summary – The USA state of Montana has signed into power a revolutionary gun law .
I mean REVOLUTIONARY .
Text of the New Law
The State of Montana has defied the federal government and their gun laws .
This will prompt a showdown between the federal government and the State of Montana .
The federal government fears citizens owning guns .
They try to curtail what types of guns they can own .
The gun control laws all have one common goal – confiscation of privately owned firearms .
Montana has gone beyond drawing a line in the sand .
They have challenged the Federal Government .
The fed now either takes them on and risks them saying the federal agents have no right to violate their state gun laws and arrest the federal agents that try to enforce the federal firearms acts .
This will be a world - class event to watch .
Montana could go to voting for secession from the union , which is really throwing the gauntlet in Obamas face .
If the federal government does nothing they lose face .
Gotta love it .
Important Points –
If guns and ammunition are manufactured inside the State of Montana for sale and use inside that state then the federal firearms laws have no applicability since the federal government only has the power to control commerce across state lines .
Montana has the law on their side .
Since when did the USA start following their own laws especially the constitution of the USA , the very document that empowers the USA .
Silencers made in Montana and sold in Montana would be fully legal and not registered .
As a note silencers were first used before the 007 movies as a device to enable one to hunt without disturbing neighbors and scaring game .
They were also useful as devices to control noise when practicing so as to not disturb the neighbors .
Silencers work best with a bolt - action rifle .
There is a long barrel and the chamber is closed tight so as to direct all the gases though the silencer at the tip of the barrel .
Semi-auto pistols and revolvers do not really muffle the sound very well except on the silver screen .
The revolvers bleed gas out with the sound all over the place .
The semi-auto pistols bleed the gases out when the slide recoils back .
Silencers are maybe nice for snipers picking off enemy soldiers even though they reduce velocity but not very practical for hit men shooting pistols in crowded places .
Silencers were useful tools for gun enthusiasts and hunters .
There would be no firearm registration , serial numbers , criminal records check , waiting periods or paperwork required .
So in a short period of time there would be millions and millions of unregistered untraceable guns in Montana .
Way to go Montana .
Discussion – Let us see what Obama does .
If he hits Montana hard they will probably vote to secede from the USA .
The governor of Texas has already been refusing Federal money because he does not want to agree to the conditions that go with it and he has been saying secession is a right they have as sort of a threat .
Things are no longer the same with the USA .
Do not be deceived by Obama acting as if all is the same , it is not .
HOUSE BILL NO .
246INTRODUCED BY J. BONIEK , BENNETT , BUTCHER , CURTISS , RANDALL , WARBURTONAN ACT EXEMPTING FROM FEDERAL REGULATION UNDER THE COMMERCE CLAUSE OF THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES A FIREARM , A FIREARM ACCESSORY , OR AMMUNITION MANUFACTURED AND RETAINED IN MONTANA ; AND PROVIDING AN APPLICABILITY DATE.BE IT ENACTED BY THE LEGISLATURE OF THE STATE OF MONTANA : Section 1 .
Short title .
[ Sections 1 through 6 ] may be cited as the " Montana Firearms Freedom Act " .
Section 2 . Legislative declarations of authority .
The legislature declares that the authority for [ sections 1 through 6 ] is the following : (1 ) The 10th amendment to the United States constitution guarantees to the states and their people all powers not granted to the federal government elsewhere in the constitution and reserves to the state and people of Montana certain powers as they were understood at the time that Montana was admitted to statehood in 1889 .
The guaranty of those powers is a matter of contract between the state and people of Montana and the United States as of the time that the compact with the United States was agreed upon and adopted by Montana and the United States in 1889 .
(2) The ninth amendment to the United States constitution guarantees to the people rights not granted in the constitution and reserves to the people of Montana certain rights , as they were understood at the time that Montana was admitted to statehood in 1889 .
The guaranty of those rights is a matter of contract between the state and people of Montana and the United States as of the time that the compact with the United States was agreed upon and adopted by Montana and the United States in 1889 .
(3) The regulation of intrastate commerce is vested in the states under the 9th and 10th amendments to the United States constitution , particularly if not expressly preempted by federal law .
Congress has not expressly preempted state regulation of intrastate commerce pertaining to the manufacture on an intrastate basis of firearms , firearms accessories , and ammunition .
(4 ) The second amendment to the United States constitution reserves to the people the right to keep and bear arms as that right was understood at the time that Montana was admitted to statehood in 1889 , and the guaranty of the right is a matter of contract between the state and people of Montana and the United States as of the time that the compact with the United States was agreed upon and adopted by Montana and the United States in 1889 .
(5) Article II , section 12 , of the Montana constitution clearly secures to Montana citizens , and prohibits government interference with , the right of individual Montana citizens to keep and bear arms .
This constitutional protection is unchanged from the 1889 Montana constitution , which was approved by congress and the people of Montana , and the right exists , as it was understood at the time that the compact with the United States was agreed upon and adopted by Montana and the United States in 1889 .
Section 3 . Definitions .
As used in [ sections 1 through 6 ] , the following definitions apply : ( 1 ) " Borders of Montana " means the boundaries of Montana described in Article I , section 1 , of the 1889 Montana constitution .
( 2) " Firearms accessories " means items that are used in conjunction with or mounted upon a firearm but are not essential to the basic function of a firearm , including but not limited to telescopic or laser sights , magazines , flash or sound suppressors , folding or aftermarket stocks and grips , speedloaders , ammunition carriers , and lights for target illumination .
( 3) " Generic and insignificant parts " includes but is not limited to springs , screws , nuts , and pins .
( 4) " Manufactured " means that a firearm , a firearm accessory , or ammunition has been created from basic materials for functional usefulness , including but not limited to forging , casting , machining , or other processes for working materials .
Section 4 . Prohibitions .
A personal firearm , a firearm accessory , or ammunition that is manufactured commercially or privately in Montana and that remains within the borders of Montana is not subject to federal law or federal regulation , including registration , under the authority of congress to regulate interstate commerce .
It is declared by the legislature that those items have not traveled in interstate commerce .
This section applies to a firearm , a firearm accessory , or ammunition that is manufactured in Montana from basic materials and that can be manufactured without the inclusion of any significant parts imported from another state .
Generic and insignificant parts that have other manufacturing or consumer product applications are not firearms , firearms accessories , or ammunition , and their importation into Montana and incorporation into a firearm , a firearm accessory , or ammunition manufactured in Montana does not subject the firearm , firearm accessory , or ammunition to federal regulation .
It is declared by the legislature that basic materials , such as unmachined steel and unshaped wood , are not firearms , firearms accessories , or ammunition and are not subject to congressional authority to regulate firearms , firearms accessories , and ammunition under interstate commerce as if they were actually firearms , firearms accessories , or ammunition .
The authority of congress to regulate interstate commerce in basic materials does not include authority to regulate firearms , firearms accessories , and ammunition made in Montana from those materials .
Firearms accessories that are imported into Montana from another state and that are subject to federal regulation as being in interstate commerce do not subject a firearm to federal regulation under interstate commerce because they are attached to or used in conjunction with a firearm in Montana .
Section 5 . Exceptions .
[ Section 4 ] does not apply to : ( 1 ) A firearm that cannot be carried and used by one person ;( 2 ) A firearm that has a bore diameter greater than 1 1/2 inches and that uses smokeless powder , not black powder , as a propellant ; ( 3 ) ammunition with a projectile that explodes using an explosion of chemical energy after the projectile leaves the firearm ; or ( 4 ) a firearm that discharges two or more projectiles with one activation of the trigger or other firing device .
Section 6 . Marketing of firearms .
A firearm manufactured or sold in Montana under [ sections 1 through 6 ] must have the words " Made in Montana " clearly stamped on a central metallic part , such as the receiver or frame .
Section 7 . Codification instruction .
[ Sections 1 through 6 ] are intended to be codified as an integral part of Title 30 , and the provisions of Title 30 apply to [ sections 1 through 6 ] .
Section 8 . Applicability .
[ This act ] applies to firearms , firearms accessories , and ammunition that are manufactured , as defined in [ section 3 ] , and retained in Montana after October 1 , 2009 .
Canadian billionaire technology magnate Jim Balsillie is continuing his pursuit of an NHL team , offering to buy the financially ailing Phoenix Coyotes if he can move the team to Southern Ontario .
Balsillie said his US $ 212.5 - million offer is conditional on moving the National Hockey League team north of the border .
" This is a very serious and committed offer by me , " he said at a press conference in Toronto Tuesday night .
The Coyotes franchise was formerly the Winnipeg Jets between 1979 and 1996 .
" I just really look forward to this opportunity to bring a seventh team to Canada in the un-served market of southern Ontario , " he said .
However , Balsillie declined to comment specifically what city would host the team .
" What I will say is , I think this is an enormously exciting opportunity , " he said .
" I do n't have to tell anyone here it 's the greatest game in the whole wide world . "
Balsillie , the 48 - year - old co-CEO of Waterloo , Ont. - based Research In Motion -- which makes the BlackBerry wireless device -- has also offered the franchise US $ 17 million in bridge financing to keep it alive in advance of the sale .
If he were successful in getting the league 's approval , the Coyotes would become the NHL 's seventh Canadian franchise .
Balsillie had previously tried to purchase and move the Nashville Predators to Hamilton , Ont. in 2007 , but the league rebuffed him .
He has also previously expressed interest in the Pittsburgh Penguins .
Balsillie reached out to Canadians to help him in his bid to establish a seventh NHL team in Canada .
He 's asking fans to log on to www.makeitseven.ca to add their voices .
" It 's an exciting time for professional hockey in Southern Ontario and it has nothing to do with the playoffs , " the website says .
So far , Balsillie said he has been " floored " by the response by fans flocking to the website .
" Thousands upon thousands are flooding in to voice their support for it , so I think it affirms that there is an un-served market , " he said .
" I am just incredibly excited as a hockey fan , a passionate hockey fan "
Urban avant - gardist or small - town loony ?
The Belgian painter James Ensor , who has a survey of hilarious , gruesome beauty at the Museum of Modern Art , is a puzzle to fans and strangers alike , a classic insider - outsider .
He knew all the right art - world people but hated most of them and was sure they hated him .
He was an aggrieved traditionalist with a pop-culture itch , equally entertained by Rubens and tabloid cartoons .
He was a sophisticated artist who helped shape early Modernism , not in a Paris studio but in an attic room over a novelty shop in a resort town on the North Sea .
Although Ensor has long been a fixture in the art canon , he is also a fugitive presence .
My guess is that a lot of people know his name without knowing quite who he is .
Who can blame them ?
He ’s hard to pin down .
Gothic fantasist , political satirist , religious visionary : one minute he ’s doing biblical scenes , the next the equivalent of biker tattoos , in a style that veers between crude and dainty .
Just consider his self - portraits .
Within the span of five years in the late 1880s he depicted himself as a cross - dressed dandy , a rotting corpse , a bug , a fish , Albrecht Durer and a crucified Jesus .
Clearly that attic room was a crowded , cacophonous place , and the MoMA show , though airily installed , puts us right inside it .
The Obama Administration will lend Tesla Motors $ 465 million to build an electric sedan and the battery packs needed to propel it .
It 's one of three loans totaling almost $ 8 billion that the Department of Energy awarded today to spur the development of fuel - efficient vehicles .
Energy Secretary Steven Chu announced that the Department of Energy is also lending $ 5.9 billion to Ford to retool factories in five states .
Nissan will receive $ 1.6 billion to refurbish a factory in Tennessee to produce electric cars .
The loans are the first awarded under the $ 25 billion Advanced Technology Vehicle Manufacturing Program to help automakers offset the cost of retooling to build eco-friendlier cars that are at least 25 percent more fuel - efficient than 2005 models .
" We have a historic opportunity to help ensure that the next generation of fuel - efficient cars and trucks are made in America , " the president said in a statement .
" These loans — and the additional support we will provide through the Section 136 programs — will create good jobs and help the auto industry to meet and even exceed the tough fuel - economy standards we 've set while helping retain our competitive edge in the world market . "
The Obama Administration announced last month that it is raising fuel - efficiency standards from the current average of 27.5 miles per gallon to 35 miles per gallon by 2016 .
Chu said the loans will help automakers achieve that goal .
" The American innovation machine , when it revs up , is the greatest in the world , " he said during a press conference at Ford 's headquarters in Detroit , according to the Detroit News .
" Today , we 're putting that engine into gear . "
Tesla said its share of the pie will help get the Model S sedan ( pictured ) on the road by the end of 2011 .
" We are honored to receive one of the first loan awards in this program , " company CEO Elon Musk said .
" I 'm confident we 'll put the money to very productive use .
We look forward to producing the Model S. "
Tesla has long been counting on the loan to help it build the sedan it unveiled in March and had been in discussions with the agency for about nine months .
It had sought $ 350 million to retool a factory to build the car and $ 100 million to manufacture battery packs and drivetrain components .
Those packs and components will be used in vehicles built by Tesla and other automakers — most notably Daimler , which recently bought nearly 10 percent of Tesla to jump - start development of the Smart EV .
Musk said the money will be disbursed on a monthly basis .
Repayment will commence within one year of the start of Model S production and the loan must be repaid by 2022 .
" There are incentives for early repayment , " he said , without elaborating , " and I suspect we will have repaid the loan well before 2022 . "
There 's still no word on where the factories will be located , but Musk said they most likely will be in California .
An announcement could come as early as next month , he said .
As for the Model S , Musk said it could share components with Mercedes sedans now that Daimler has a stake in Tesla .
" There 's a possibility the car will use a Mercedes - derived suspension and other components such as safety systems , crash structures , interior fit and finish , " he said .
" There are a number of areas where Daimler can be quite helpful . "
Musk said Daimler 's investment in Tesla coupled with the federal loan and revenue from the Roadster leaves the company " in pretty good shape " financially .
Tesla has gotten the cost of goods for the Roadster – the materials and labor cost to build the car – down to about $ 80,000 and the company expects to be profitable in July , he said .
The company has delivered more than 500 Roadsters and received more than 1,200 refundable deposits – at $ 5,000 apiece – for the Model S .
Ford was the big winner , walking away with a promise of $ 5.9 billion in loans through 2011 .
The automaker says it will use the money to retool 11 factories in five states to build more - efficient gasoline engines and electric vehicles .
It also will use the money to convert two truck factories to automobile production .
Ford has said it will have an EV by 2011 , and it plans to spend $ 14 billion on advanced technology during the next seven years .
It expects to begin drawing on the government loan within 35 days .
“ This is the kind of partnership that will help American manufacturing not just survive , but thrive , ” company president Alan Mulally said after Chu announced the loans at Ford 's headquarters in Detroit , according to the Detroit Free Press .
“ Ford intends to be the fuel - economy leader . ”
Nissan is charging ahead with plans to put an electric car in showrooms next year .
Although the first cars will be built in Japan , Nissan says it will use the $ 1.6 billion loan to retool a factory in Smyrna , Tennessee , to take over production by 2012 .
Construction on the factory is slated to begin by the end of the year .
Nissan says the factory will employ 1,300 people and build 50,000 to 100,000 cars at full production .
“ This loan is an investment in America , " Dominique Thormann , a senior vice president at Nissan North America , said in a statement .
" It will help us put high - quality , affordable zero-emissions vehicles on our roads .
This project will expand our Smyrna plant , and that ’s great economic news . ”
Chu said the Obama Administration hopes to disburse the loans quickly .
More than 100 companies ranging from General Motors to Aptera Motors are seeking funding through the program .
The government is expected to announce recipients for the remainder of the $ 25 billion program next year .
The DOE did not disclose the terms of the loans .
POST UPDATED 3:45 p.m. Tuesday following teleconference with Tesla CEO Elon Musk .
Photos : Jim Merithew/wired.com
See Also :
Rather than toss all those catalogs and offers into the recycle bin , you may as well take advantage of the free craft supplies !
Despite our best efforts to stop marketers from sending us junk mail , the stuff still seems to find its way into our mailbox .
We use some of it for things like grocery lists and keeping score when playing Scrabble , but what to do with the rest ?
Here are some project ideas and junk mail art inspiration .
Be a Star
I am totally digging on this star ( pictured above ) made from catalog pages by This Recycled Life !
She provides a pdf pattern so that you can make your very own .
To save even more paper , you can even print the pattern onto the back of some junk mail !
Dress It Up
Feeling ambitious ?
Work that junk mail into an arty garment !
Check out this magazine pages dress by Jules Beth .
You could totally do a take on this with catalog pages or maybe even junk mail envelopes !
And of course , you ca n’t talk junk mail clothing without a shout out to Nancy Judd ’s fantastical Fan Mail Dress .
Get Bejeweled
There was a great tutorial last week over at CRAFT on making your own paper bead bracelet .
This is a perfect way to use up all of those old credit card offers !
If you want your beads to be colorful like the ones CRAFT made out of magazine pages , just color on your paper before cutting out the strips .
For another rolled paper bead method , you might also check out Juliet ’s tutorial on junk mail beads , along with some awesome sellers offering beads made from their own junk mail .
Cut Out +
Keep has another take on junk mail beads .
Jeniffer P. shows you how to use your decoupage skills to make a lovely junk mail necklace !
Card It Up
Junk Mail Gems has a tutorial on making a pop up card out of junk mail .
OK , I know this is actually a tutorial for Christmas cards , but you could easily make these for any occasion !
Check out these simple pop up how - to ’s from Robert Sabuda for some ideas .
Get Arty With It
Juliet has some great examples of junk mail art to get you inspired !
I ’m also basically in love with these little junk mail art kits by Jim Doran ( pictured to the right ) .
Also check out his Pablo Picasso Art History Lesson constructed all from junk mail .
Susi Watson ’s piece New Life is another awesome piece junk mail art inspiration !
Junk mail in the U.S. accounts for over 100 million trees every year .
That ’s almost too much paper for me to fathom !
Artist Barbara Hashimoto decided to collect hers for an entire year to see just how much junk ended up in her postbox .
Her installation piece , The Junk Mail Experiment , is a mountain of that year ’s worth of hand - shredded mail .
That ’s right : she shredded it all by hand !
At the experiment ’s end , she ’d collected over 3,000 cubic feet of shredded junk .
Check out this video of the installation to get an idea of just how much paper that really is :
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/v/SHCiFn9lC9E&hl=en&fs=1]
Whether you use your junk mail in functional crafts or to make a larger artistic statement , good on you for keeping all that perfectly usable material out of the waste stream !
Image Credits :
+ Junk Mail Star by This Recycled Life
+ Mad Mad Monkey Mask .
Creative Commons photo by Jim Doran
Go to the book page
Go to the CVR page
President of WebFX .
Bill has over 25 years of experience in the Internet marketing industry specializing in SEO , UX , information architecture , marketing automation and more .
William 's background in scientific computing and education from Shippensburg and MIT provided the foundation for MarketingCloudFX and other key research and development projects at WebFX .
JavaScript allows you to add interactivity and feedback , making the user ’s experience better and more intuitive .
Recently we showed you some exceptional CSS navigation techniques and we ’d like to follow that up with an article about JavaScript - based navigation examples that you can use .
Keep in mind that some of these techniques might not work if the client browser has JavaScript turned off ( on average , 5 % of users have JS disabled according to W3 web statistics ) .
In this article you ’ll discover some terrific and unique JavaScript - powered navigation techniques and examples .
Tip : clicking on each image will take you directly to the demo page of the navigation menu technique if it ’s on a separate page .
Their names will take you to their project web page .
1. MenuMatic
This example takes semantic ordered or unordered list of links and turns it into a dynamic drop down menu system that can be vertically or horizontally oriented .
View Demo Page
2. Animated Menu using jQuery
A technique for animating menu items when a user hovers over them .
Source files , including the PSD file , are available to download .
View Demo Page
3. Garagedoor Effect using jQuery
Gaya Kessler presents a wonder JavaScript menu that mimics the real garage door using jQuery .
View Demo Page
4. JGlide Menu
A very unique menu that floats on the page .
Users can drag it to a position they desire .
View Demo Page
HVDesigns presents a menu that drops down and reveals more links .
View Demo Page
6. Perspective Tabs
You can have scrolling tabs with animation using this technique .
View Demo Page
Antonio Lupetti presents a Digg - like menu that uses simple JavaScript .
8. LavaLamp
When you hover an item , you ’ll see the CSS sliding door technique created using jQuery .
An alternate version for MooTols can be here .
9. Fisheye Menu
If you ’re a big fan of the Mac dock you will enjoy this menu .
10 . Simple JavaScript Accordions
A great technique for integrating accordion - style menus into your site .
View Demo Page
11 . Sliding JavaScript Menu Highlight
This sliding hover effect script is an easy technique for highlighting menu items .
This technique allows you to fade in and fade out menu items .
View Demo Page
A simple JavaScript drop down menu tutorial .
A technique for creating animated menus using jQuery and CSS background - position properties .
View Demo Page
A menu using MooTools that expands the link ’s font size when you mouse over the item .
View Demo Page
16 . HoverAccordion / Sidebar Menu
This is an accordion plugin which can be used as a vertical sidebar menu too .
Another JavaScript menu based on MooTools with lots of features .
18 . jQuery UI Tabs
Easily separate content using this tab example .
19 . Proto .
Menu : Right Click Menu
A customizable right - click menu written on top of the Prototype framework .
20 . Accessible Expanding and Collapsing menu
This menu example allows you have two levels of navigation .
When you click on main category the subcategory expands .
View Demo Page
What are you using ?
We ’d like to know if you have experience with any of these techniques and examples .
Have a live web page ?
Share it with us in the comments .
Related content
About the Author
Kawsar
Ali is a web designer , graphic designer , and wannabe photographer based in NY , U.S.
He ’s also the founder of Desizntech , a site to find tips about web design , Mac , PC and more .
If you ’d like to connect with him , you can follow him on Twitter or at his Personal Website .
Mr Hoon 's Derbyshire home Gordon Brown says he has more important issues than MPs ' expenses to deal with as fresh controversy grew about bills submitted by his transport secretary .
Geoff
Hoon insists he broke no rules in claiming second home allowances while living in a taxpayer - funded apartment .
The Prime Minister said his focus was on the economy and fighting terrorism .
Meanwhile , Home Secretary Jacqui Smith is contesting newspaper claims she billed taxpayers £ 40 for a barbecue in her second home , the BBC has learned .
The minister says she is " just about 100 % sure " she did not claim for it , sources have revealed .
' Barmy '
The Sunday Express reported she claimed a total of £ 304 for a barbecue , garden patio set and heater at her family home in Redditch , Worcestershire , which Ms Smith calls her second home .
But Ms Smith said " not all of the expenses " outlined in the newspaper were correct , sources told the BBC .
Meanwhile the prime minister appeared to distance himself from the growing controversy about MPs ' expenses , which featured in several other Sunday newspapers .
Questioned at a summit he is attending with other EU leaders Mr Brown said : " I think over the last few days the world has made sufficient advances in how we can deal with the economy , how we can deal with terrorism , how we can deal with security and these are the issues I am concentrating on .
" All these other issues are being dealt with by the Committee on Standards in Public Life " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Mr Hoon said he had done nothing wrong by claiming second home allowances for his home in Breaston , Derbyshire while living in a taxpayer - funded apartment in Whitehall .
He lived in the flat in Admiralty House while he was defence secretary and also rented out his own London home while there .
' Rogues '
He told the Mail on Sunday : " I was told unless I went into secure premises I would have to have round - the - clock police protection at my home in London and that that would cost the taxpayer a great deal more . "
He reportedly said he did " not accept " that he was profiting from the situation .
Meanwhile , the Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards confirmed he is investigating another Labour MP over an allowance claimed for second home in the capital .
The commissioner , John Lyon , has begun an inquiry into Leyton and Wanstead MP Harry Cohen who claims costs for his east London home because he lists a house 70 miles away in Colchester , Essex as his main residence .
The growing row has led to fresh calls for MP expenses rules to be tightened , with Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg describing it as " barmy " that ministers could have two homes paid for by taxpayers ..
Mr Hoon was defence secretary when the claims were made Tory frontbencher Ken Clarke said he was " shocked " by recent expenses revelations which made people think MPs were " rogues " .
The shadow business secretary implied that as many as a third of MPs could have made questionable expenses claims .
He told BBC One 's Andrew Marr Show that " at least two thirds of MPs I hope " were doing nothing wrong on expenses and they were suffering from " an exaggerated public view that they 're all thieves , they 're all rogues , they 're all lining their own pockets " .
Chancellor Alistair Darling told the same programme that the recent spate of revelations were " damaging " .
He said : " I think we do need to get an outside examination of this and so there are recommendations coming from people who 've got no axe to grind .
I think that 's what the public want , and they want it quickly . "
Writing in the Mail on Sunday Conservative leader David Cameron said the problems in the expenses system were shared by all parties .
" We are all implicated and we must all find a solution , " he said .
MPs needed expenses but there had to be more transparency , he added .
Gordon Brown has suggested scrapping the controversial second home payment for all MPs , in a shake - up of allowances .
The Committee on Standards in Public Life is bringing forward a wider inquiry into MPs ' expenses , with a report due towards the end of the year .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The reality of life in Mumbai ’s Dharavi slum
By Harvey Thompson
13 June 2009
The popularity of Danny Boyle ’s recent film , Slumdog Millionaire has led to a surge of media interest in the Mumbai slum of Dharavi which is partially depicted in the film .
An important part of many people ’s motivation for going to see the film will have been the depiction of severe poverty and an attempt , however implausibly realised in the story , to escape it .
This popular concern , which took the studios by surprise , has assumed fresh urgency .
A slum clearance program by the state government , tied to potential corporate development , is set to worsen the plight of many workers and residents in Dharavi , confronting them with homelessness and the loss of their livelihoods .
A more considered and serious approach to the phenomenon of slums like Dharavi is needed than has appeared in much of the world ’s press .
Dharavi , which rivals Orangi Township in Karachi , Pakistan , for the title of Asia ’s largest slum , is an administrative ward , stretching over parts of Sion , East Bandra , Kurla and Kalina suburbs of Mumbai .
Spread over an area of around 200 hectares , according to official figures it has approximately 86,000 slum structures and an estimated population of up to one million , making it one of the most densely populated areas of the world .
In Mumbai there are other slums which are beginning to rival Dharavi in size and squalor .
In a city of 15 million people , almost 60 percent live in slums or in over 2000 “ slum pockets ” across the city .
The Dharavi slum has been tolerated and even encouraged by successive political administrations due to its economic significance .
It contains a huge conglomeration of cottage industries and primitive workshops that produce goods for the world market — an estimated 15,000 single - room factories — as well as an expanding industry processing recyclable waste from across Mumbai .
The total annual turnover of Dharavi is estimated to be anywhere from US $ 650 million to US $ 1 billion .
Dharavi is located between Mumbai ’s two main suburban railway lines .
To the north flows the Mithi river , which empties into the Arabian sea .
Both its location and poor drainage systems make Dharavi particularly vulnerable to floods during the wet season .
In the lead up to the present international economic crisis , however , real estate prices in central Mumbai reached record heights .
Dharavi , where rents can be as low as US $ 4 per month , found itself in the centre of the financial hub at the heart of Mumbai , India ’s largest city and the country ’s economic engine .
In 2006 , the Indian Supreme Court duly sanctioned the sale of hundreds of acres of land occupied by textile mills in Mumbai to private developers , despite widespread protests .
The prime land was slated to be used to build expensive shopping malls and high - end apartments for the elite .
( See “ Indian Supreme Court gives green light to sell off Mumbai mill lands ” )
The government provisionally approved a US $ 2.3 billion plan called “ Vision Mumbai ” to create a “ world - class city ” by 2013 , complete with shopping arcades and a golf driving range .
The scheme was couched in semi-humanitarian language .
An advertisement by the Mumbai Slum Rehabilitation Authority appeared in 20 countries in May 2007 , inviting corporate bidders to “ Redesign the township .
Rehabilitate the families .
It ’s a challenge .
But rewards outweigh the Herculean task . ”
The Hindustan Times , May 31 , 2007 was more blunt : “ Considered an eyesore , Dharavi stands on 2 sq km of land estimated to be worth $ [ US ] 10 billion ” .
At the end of last year , Mumbai authorities began the destruction of “ unauthorised ” dwellings in the Ganpat Patil sector of the slum .
It was not known where the 10,000 evictees would live .
The clearances were carried out by police officers wielding long wooden sticks , who beat protesting slum residents .
The project to redevelop Dharavi is managed by Mukesh Mehta of MM Constructions .
Formerly based in New York , Mehta is implementing a plan that , according to the Calcutta Telegraph , will transform the 174 hectares of the 223 - hectare slum into “ a glittering township of parks , skyscrapers , shopping arcades and good life . ”
Mehta made his money in real estate in Long Island , New York , and was hired as a consultant by the Maharashtra government to take charge of the $ 2.3 billion project to emulate the development of Shanghai , China .
But a project based on the economic thinking of the heady days of the Nineties construction boom has come up against the reality of the global economic crisis .
Four out of the 19 large corporations signed up to the Dharavi project had dropped out by March this year , including Reliance Engineering Associates owned by Mukesh Ambani , who was previously behind an even more ambitious project centred in Mumbai .
( See “ Indian industrialist to build $ 1 billion “ home ” amidst Mumbai ’s multimillion slum - dwellers ” ) .
With the drying up of credit , the remaining consortiums have requested toning down the original bid to match the “ market conditions ” .
According to the Indian government , half a million jobs have been wiped out in recent months in globalised sectors of the economy .
The crisis has hit the export - driven production of Dharavi , with its reliance on textile industries , and has begun to lead to “ reverse migration ” of labourers back to the impoverished villages they came from .
According to the Wall Street Journal ’s livemint.com , an estimated 100,000 migrants have “ either left or are expected to leave ” Dharavi for villages in Uttar Pradesh ( UP ) and Bihar .
A picture of rapid decline of the slum ’s main industries — some averaging a 50 percent drop in demand in the five months to March this year — is painted by The Indian Express .
There is an urgent need to tackle the growing social blight that is represented by Dharavi and replicated in cities across India and the globe .
But no solution is offered by the prescriptions of the environmentalists who merely seek to ameliorate the worst excess of the slums while leaving them and their “ ecologically - sound ” structures intact .
For a number of environmental campaigners , areas such as Dharavi — with their small scale production units and recycling industries — are seen as the “ green lungs ” of the modern metropolis .
Typifying this argument was a 2007 feature on Dharavi by the Guardian , quoting a spokesperson for Friends of the Earth saying , “ In the UK we could do worse than looking to the recycling endeavour of slum - dwellers in places like Dharavi for inspiration ...
There is a lot to learn from the developing world , where a scavenger mentality , grass roots recycling and sheer necessity can lead to imaginative leaps in redeploying waste . ”
The area of the slum referred to was the so - called “ 13th compound ” , where 80 percent of Mumbai ’s plastic waste is recycled by around 10,000 workers ( many of them children ) .
The New York Times , February 21 wrote in a similar vein that “ Dharavi is probably the most active and lively part of an incredibly industrious city .
People have learned to respond in creative ways to the indifference of the state — including having set up a highly functional recycling industry that serves the whole city .
“ Dharavi is all about such resourcefulness .
Over 60 years ago , it started off as a small village in the marshlands and grew , with no government support , to become a million - dollar economic miracle providing food to Mumbai and exporting crafts and manufactured goods to places as far away as Sweden . ”
What is ignored by those glorifying the “ resourcefulness ” and “ industrious spirit ” of the slums is that workers and child labourers live in an area where as many as 18,000 people are forced to crowd into a single acre , where there is just one lavatory for every 1,500 residents , not a single public hospital , and only a dozen municipal schools .
Open drains run thick with untreated human and industrial waste , water taps run dry constantly and cholera , typhoid and malaria are common .
Deprived of public services because of their illegal status , slum dwellers find themselves at the mercy of the land mafia and the water and electricity goons .
The nexus between Mumbai ’s political parties and semi-criminal business interests has served both lucratively in the past .
There can be no socially progressive solution , for Dharavi ’s population or the world ’s one billion slum dwellers , without a political struggle against the corporate and political elites .
According to recent official surveys , around 65 million Indians — a quarter of the urban population — live in slums .
This does not account for the millions more who live in sub-standard housing barely distinguishable from the shanty towns .
The sad fate of some of the children who acted in Slumdog Millionaire — whose families have since become the targets of extortion , tabloid entrapment and victims of the slum clearances ( see “ Home of Slumdog Millionaire child actor destroyed by Mumbai authorities ” ) — is a powerful reminder of the gulf between the film 's largely sanitised conceptions and the reality for those who live in the slums .
Contrary to most media depictions , the proliferation of the modern slum is not an unnatural excrescence on an otherwise healthy body .
Nor is it the result of a lack of resources .
It is the inevitable product of the capitalist profit system , whereby the accumulation of social misery for masses at one pole of society feeds the creation of vast wealth at the other .
The only way to free humanity of the slums is to overthrow the system that breeds them by the combined struggle of workers and rural poor around the world .
Posted on by Sonadora
* Disclaimer : I received this wine as a sample from Hall Wines .
I have to admit .
If you saw my rough notes that I took on this wine before I crafted them into this lovely write up ( did I ever mention I ’m slightly delusional ? ) you might think a text - crazy teenager wrote them .
My notes on this wine are peppered with “ OMGs ” and “ YUM ” and “ Fab ! ”
So now , you might be wondering , what could possibly make me devolve into writing like that ?
The 2006 Kathryn Hall Cabernet Sauvignon .
I ’ll say it again : oh.my.god .
This was good .
Really good .
It ’s way outside my normal wine price range , but is definitely something I would spend the extra scratch on for a special occasion .
Or to lay down for the next 10 years or so .
It retails for $ 75 and is worth every darn penny .
The wine had a real cork closure and clocked in at 14.5 % alcohol by volume .
On the nose of the wine I got cherry pie , vanilla , meat , a hint of milk chocolate , cedar , smoke , blackberries , earth , black currants , plums , dark smoky fruit , vanilla bean , and pepper .
This was one of those wines where I wanted to go swimming in my glass and soak up all the aromas .
I served this with steaks off the grill , corn on the cob , and risotto .
Oh the steak …. and the Cab…and the grill …. just ….yum .
In the mouth I found spice , pepper , plum , black fruit , vanilla cream , Coke , licorice , cherries , and earth .
Overall , this is just a refined , classy wine .
It had tannins to spare and could use time in your cellar , but if you pour it in a decanter and give it an hour or two , this is refined and easy to drink .
If I smoked , I ’d like to light a cigar with it !
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
LinkedIn
Email
Print
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : Cabernet Sauvignon , California , Napa , Red , Wine |
UPDATE : I 've added some other videos to show the device details ...
Improvements as of 6/22/09
Connection between PC and feeder is now wireless using Xbee modules .
Now the cat feeder is free to be anywehere around the house .
Just needs a power connection .
A web interface has been created which allows the control of the device via a web site .
A web cam with live video feed has also been setup to monitor the feeder and the cats .
I have spent the last several weeks building a device to automatically dispense dry food to our two adorable cats .
The cats need to be ona diet due to weight issues .
So a certain amount of food must be given to them throughout the day .
i learned about the Arduino board soon before starting this project .
So this little hobby has given me the perfect opportunity to learn more about this amazing device and its ever - expanding capabilities .
The cat feeder is basically a cylindrical container that has an opening on its side .
The cylinder rests on its side and is supported by wooden dowles and rollerblade ballbearings which allow it to rotate with ease .
The rotation is provided by a wheel attached to a small motor .
the signal and power is provided by an Arduino Duemilanove .
When the cylinder spins , the opening allows food to fall off when the opening faces down .
A funnel system then drives the food to a Y type PVD junction which distributes the food evenly to two bowls .
Since the food is dispensed to both bowls at the same time , the cats eat toegether and therefore minimizes the chances that one cat its share and then try to eat from the other 's .
When the cylinder needs to be refilled , my wife or I can just pick up the cylinder , open one side , and fill it up .
Then we replace the cylinder and make sure the plastic cover is properly set and positioned .
This is important because otherwise the food will start falling off .
When the motor runs , it makes the cylinder rotate a certain amount of times .
However , since the cylinder may provide varying resistance due to its weight ( due to the amount of food in it ) then a laser - driven sensor is also put in place to make sure the cylinder is repositioned in the right place to prevent premature spillage .
The plastic cover that closes the lid of the cylinder has a piece of wood that acts as a signal blocker .
This piece of wood basically blocks a laser bean from illuminating a light - dependent resistor ( LDR ) .
When the piece of wood is positioned correctly , it will block the laser .
If the LDR detects the laser , this is a notification to the Arduino controller that it needs to readjust the cylinder .
It will continue doing this until the LDR no longer receive light from the laser .
I must provide great thanks to the author if this blog for his use of laser and LDRs
Here are some videos detailing the various elements that make up the feeder ...
Challenges
By far , my biggest challenge was something called " de- coupling "
The idea that a motor , or any device that generates electromagnetic force , can disrrupt the circuit and cause devices to go nutty .
i found this web site , as well as the Arduino.cc forums , very useful while trying to figure out how to use capacitors to resolve this issue .
Ongoing Development
Improve the way the container rotates .
I do n't really like the way i have to fill it at this time .
Implement a better timer solution in the Arduino .
I 'm looking at the MSTimer2 libraries , will see if this have better results .
While my current solution works fine , i am sure there are better ways to solve this issue .
Constructive and helpful comments and suggestions are always welcomed !
Reality and the Postmodern Wink
James Bowman
The street I have lived on for seventeen years is suddenly alive with children .
It is quite a delightful place to be nowadays .
When I moved here , I do n’t believe there was a child on the block apart from my own , who were there only in the summers and on holidays .
Now there must be dozens of them , most not yet of school age .
Last Halloween , I noticed how many of my neighbors who are young parents accompanied their little ones on their trick - or - treating rounds while themselves dressed up as witches or pirates .
I take it this is a manifestation of the “ parenting ” craze .
A word that did n’t exist when I was a young parent — still less when I was the child of young parents — is now used to describe that mode of child - rearing that begins with the reform of the adult to be more child - like rather than , as in generations past , the child to be more adult - like .
Mom and dad now involve themselves in their children ’s pastimes out of a supposed duty of empathy that is somehow continuous with responsibility for their children ’s safety and well - being .
I ’m sure that there is much that is good about the new parenting , and it must be rather thrilling for the children , at least in their early years .
Yet I ca n’t but see a disquieting connection to the infantilization of the popular culture and the phenomenon of the “ kidult ” or “ adultescent ” who dresses in t- shirts and shorts , slurps up fast food , watches superhero movies , and plays video games well into his thirties or even forties .
It ’s true that there have been for more than a century certain protected areas of childish innocence where Santa Claus or the Tooth Fairy or whatnot have been suffered to remain undisturbed , for a time , by adult consciousness .
But this demesne has expanded to include much new territory — like Harry Potter and Batman , who provided so many of the costume themes for Halloween last year — and to encroach on ever more of what once would be considered adulthood .
Mom and dad must be intimately involved in their children ’s fantasy world not only out of duty to the children but because it is , increasingly , their world too .
If this is more disturbing to me than to most people , it may have something to do with the fact that I have been a movie critic for the past eighteen years , during which time I have gone to the movies , on average , two or three times a week .
My distinct impression is that there are fewer grown - ups going to the movies with each passing year .
Nowadays the cineplexes are overwhelmingly the haunt of young teenagers — adults wait for movies to come out on DVD — which helps explain why so many movies are so obviously made with that childish demographic in mind .
And with the triumph of the children ’s fantasy picture as the dominant genre of our time , there has been a corresponding revolution in the standards and practices , as well as the basic assumptions , of the critical fraternity to which I belong .
For several years , I reviewed movies every week for the now - defunct New York Sun .
During the time I was there , I must have criticized a great many movies for their lack of verisimilitude , and my editors either agreed with or tolerated my ever - more - crotchety critical stance .
But finally , in late 2007 , I submitted such a review of a film — Kirsten Sheridan ’s impossibly soppy August Rush — which obviously pushed a new , younger editor to the limit .
“ Of course it ’s fake , ” he wrote to me in obvious exasperation .
“ It ’s a movie ! ”
Maybe he thought that I thought this movie , or any movie , was or should have been a faithful photographic record of things that had actually happened in that world which we increasingly often have to qualify as “ real , ” but I doubt it .
More likely he was simply noticing that to say that a movie or any other work of ostensibly representative art bore no resemblance to reality is no longer a legitimate critical response — no more to the cinematic version of “ magical realism ” that informed August Rush than to the conventions of the superhero movies that account for such a large share of this and every year ’s box - office receipts .
Neither the critical nor the artistic fraternity any longer has the self - confidence to pronounce on the distinction between real and unreal .
Both have lost their license as reality - hunters .
The editor at the Sun was just reminding me that we are all postmodernists now .
Under the circumstances , I could hardly fail to wonder if my forlorn clinging to an undoubtedly outdated aesthetic standard was just a sign of age .
Can it be mere coincidence that this happened in my sixtieth year ?
Around the same time , I noticed that a blogger who describes himself as “ The Whining Schoolboy ” had quoted something of mine while describing me as “ the wonderful , and curmudgeonly , media critic James Bowman . ”
I ’m grateful for the “ wonderful , ” of course , but I ’m not one hundred percent sure how I feel about the “ curmudgeonly . ”
This is because I ’m afraid the description may be accurate .
As a film critic , I could hardly fail to notice that , with each passing year , there were fewer and fewer movies I liked .
The last time I had to compile a top - ten list for the year — I think it was in 2003 — I had to struggle to think of ten movies that I had liked not just well enough for the accolade but at all .
After that , the paper quietly retired the top - ten list .
Was it the movies that were getting worse or was it my crotchety old man ’s inability to appreciate them ?
The same doubts assailed me when I wrote what I thought was a light - hearted satirical piece ridiculing the New York Times ’s Arts pages for treating video games on a level with movies and plays .
Various young people wrote , in a spirit of charity , to tell me that , actually , video games should be treated as works of art , and that there is a real aesthetic and moral seriousness to the best of them , at least .
I am beginning to understand that I just do n’t see things the way younger people do , but I do n’t think that this is because I am out of touch .
Or not just because I am out of touch .
Rather , it is because a cultural expectation that could be taken for granted when I was a young man — namely , that the popular movies I loved were trying to look like reality and could therefore be judged on the basis of how successful or unsuccessful they were in approximating reality ’s look and feel , has unobtrusively dropped out of the culture which has shaped the sensibility of young people today .
Their formative visual experiences were not , as mine were , John Wayne Westerns and war movies .
They were comic books and hokey TV shows , the shadow of whose hokeyness was cast backwards , as it were , on the John Wayne movies .
Not that we did n’t have comic books and hokey TV shows in the 1950s and 60s , but we had some perspective on them provided by a popular art form that strove to be taken seriously .
The triumph of the superheroes in the 1970s helped to establish a new consensus that heroism itself was mere artifice and therefore to be judged by aesthetic rather than moral standards .
Aging Art
In a piece he recently wrote for the Times of London , the philosopher Roger Scruton , who is a few years older than I , compared his experience with the works of the painter Mark Rothko when he first encountered them in 1961 and when he recently revisited them in a new exhibition that opened in September 2008 , in the Tate Modern gallery in London .
Back in 1961 , he writes , Rothko ’s paintings
spoke of an other - worldly tranquility ; looking into them your eyes met only depth and peace .
For an hour I was lost in those paintings , not able to find words for what I saw in them , but experiencing it as a vision of transcendence .
I went out into the street refreshed and rejoicing , and would visit the gallery every day until the exhibition closed ....
Revisiting his work today my first desire is to ignore the critical sycophancy lavished upon him , and to ask if there is anything there .
Are these uniformed canvases the angelic visions I thought I saw on that summer evening half a century ago ?
Or are they the routine product of a mind set in melancholy repetitiveness , as empty and uninspired as the pop art that Rothko ( to his credit ) was at the time denouncing ?
I think Professor Scruton is right to recognize that these are not the only two alternatives , and that there may be moments of beauty and transcendence that depend entirely on the moment , either historical or personal , when one experiences them .
Such moments are , like religious revelation but unlike scientific experiments , essentially unrepeatable .
Yet we also expect art to have something of the consistency and reliability of natural phenomena : if the magic does n’t reliably work , it must be unreal , an idiosyncratically subjective and fleetingly emotional response with no critical standing .
Professor Scruton continues , writing that
something in me wants to remain true to my adolescent vision .
The beauty I imagined I also saw , and could not have seen without Rothko ’s aid .
But I do not see it today , and wonder how much it was the product of the stress of adolescence , and of the strange , still atmosphere of the Whitechapel Gallery in those days when so few people visited it , and when those few were all in search of redemption from the world outside .
Now that modern art has been cheapened and mass - produced , to become part of that outside world of commercial titillation , it is harder to see Rothko as I saw him then .
To some extent this dilemma is an artifact of modernism itself , whose most salient characteristics are the feeling of liberation from traditional restraints and the exaltation of the artist at the expense of his subject .
Both things have by their nature a relatively brief shelf life in the aesthetic marketplace .
After the modernist revolution around the turn of the twentieth century , it only took a couple of generations before both freedom and the phenomenon of the artist - hero could be taken for granted .
Nobody cares about the traditional restraints anymore or remembers when anyone but the artist was the hero of his own creation .
Though the culture is still committed to these once - revolutionary doctrines , the thrill of the revolution itself is long past .
That ’s why , I think , the world of popular music and rap , which grew up in the shadow of modernism , must keep stoking the fires of a factitious anger and resentment against “ the system ” or an authority that has long since ceased to impose any meaningful restraints upon either the musicians themselves or their young audience .
They go on reenacting , as a kind of ritual of their po-mo , pretend world , the rebellion which once liberated them ( even before they were born ) , long after there has ceased to be anything much to be liberated from .
Revolutionary gestures and iconography take the place of actual revolution or rebellion , because those who make them have similarly lost confidence in their ability to interact meaningfully with reality .
I do n’t know if it was the loss of his youthful revolutionary fervor which accounted for Roger Scruton ’s disappointment with Rothko forty - seven years on , but I do n’t think anything like that can be the cause of my dislike of August Rush — and most other movies produced in the last decade or two .
For one thing , I never had very much in the way of revolutionary fervor even when very young .
I never carried any grudge against authority or “ the older generation , ” and , though not immune to the charms of the modernist movement , I always preferred what had gone before it — Dickens to Joyce , Keats or Tennyson to Eliot or Pound , Brahms to Stravinsky , Turner to Picasso .
Once that did n’t matter , since many of the early modernists were themselves believers in tradition and saw many kinds of continuity between themselves and their predecessors , if not of the Victorian age then of some earlier period .
Eliot , for instance , was an admirer of John Donne and other “ metaphysical ” poets from the days before what he called the “ dissociation of sensibility ” of the seventeenth century .
Like so many artistic revolutionaries before him , he saw himself as refurbishing and restoring a previous aesthetic standard that had fallen on hard times .
Above all , the modernists were reluctant to cut themselves loose from the history of the Western mimetic tradition , which evolved over centuries out of primitive myth and legend and at both “ high ” and “ low ” stylistic levels .
In his 1946 book Mimesis , Erich Auerbach took examples from ancient , medieval , and modern literatures , traversing half a dozen European languages and three thousand years of history and including not - obviously - realistic works from Homer ’s Odyssey to Virginia Woolf ’s
To the Lighthouse , all in support of his thesis that the Western tradition in literature is distinguished by its fidelity to a reality that could still , as late as 1946 , be taken for granted .
Now , however , the tendency of both art and criticism is to debunk the claims to “ truth ” or “ realism ” of the old - timers .
Their achievement has to be measured not in relation to the external world but to some critical construct or “ theory ” which has been thoughtfully provided by the critic for the purpose .
Thus the hero of the postmodernists is not the artist ( as it was for the modernists and , before them , the Romantics ) but the critic .
By harking back to an outmoded standard of criticism based on verisimilitude , I am in effect guilty of an act of lèse - majesté against the dignity of the critic - hero who relies on his own ingenuity — and his politically - developed conscience — to supply a much more satisfactory if entirely imaginary context within which not only movies but all the phenomena and epiphenomena of the pop-cultural world up to and including political discourse can be judged .
My clinging to outmoded standards must doubtless have something to do with my age and my temperamental conservatism , but it also has a lot to do with a way of seeing that the culture has long assumed people need to be educated out of if they are properly to understand and appreciate the riches that the postmodern culture has to offer .
That culture ’s insistence that I see things its way is what I am resisting .
Looking Real
When I go to the movies , I always try to sit a little to one side of the screen .
In the usual two - aisle seating configuration — or what used to be usual until stadium seating became ubiquitous — I usually sit just to the right side of the right aisle , about halfway back .
I ’ve never thought much about why I do this , but if I had to guess I would say it is to give myself a little perspective — something I am particularly in need of when I have to write about the movie I am seeing .
Go up high enough with the stadium seating , and you can achieve a similar effect , in that case by looking down on those who would otherwise be — as they always have been throughout the history of the cinema — looked up to as , literally , “ larger than life . ”
I know that I need this perspective because I am so liable to get hooked by the images on the screen , so ready to believe in the reality of what I am seeing there , that I need to remind myself that “ it ’s only a movie . ”
A great many people over the years have said and written those words to me when they have supposed me to be too eager to find the hidden and unregarded significances in what I have seen in a picture .
Little have this critic ’s critics realized how I need their reminders — not because I read too much into the movies , as they suppose , but because I am still at heart what might be called a naïve viewer of them : someone who is predisposed to cling to the illusion that what I am seeing is real .
This experience is a big part of what I have always loved the movies for , so that when a director does n’t bother even to try to make his movie look like real life , it strikes me not just as an annoyance , spoiling an important part of my pleasure , but almost as an insult .
Of course , it is a lot harder to make it look like reality when your subjects are space aliens or other unworldly creatures , humanoid robots , or talking animals .
That ’s why , to my eye anyway , the recent film adaptations of the fables of J. R. R. Tolkien and C. S. Lewis have been less than successful .
What can be accepted as being within the bounds of verisimilitude on the page often cannot be accepted on the big screen , where talking animals , like superheroes , instantly proclaim their own cartoonishness .
And cartoons are in their turn instantly recognizable as belonging to a genre apart , and with only the most tenuous connection to reality .
This is not to say that the portrayal of historic , real - life events cannot be cartoonish .
Tomas Alfredson ’s 2008 vampire movie Let the Right One
In did a fine job of presenting its vampire heroine , played by Lina Leandersson , as a natural part of childhood ’s sense of enchantment , whereas the 2006 movie 300 , Zack Snyder ’s account of the Battle of Thermopylae , went out of its way to make a live - action portrayal of real - life heroes look like a cartoon — as , indeed , the film was based on a comic book .
In other words , we do n’t need to be literal - minded in our demand for cinematic realism .
There are lots of ways to make things look real , and a movie like Harold Ramis ’s Groundhog Day ( 1993 ) , which takes place in a parallel universe where time as we understand it has no meaning , actually manages to look more like reality than reality .
That is the mark of true artistic success in any medium , perhaps especially in the movies .
It was even , in my view , quite common in the movies until their makers learned , first from the modernists and then from the postmodernists , the stylistic tic of reminding the audience of the work ’s artifice and so inviting the audience to enjoy what amounts to a gigantic in - joke .
I do n’t believe it to be an accident that this sort of playful , non-functional irony , which is the hallmark of the postmodern , has become more common as the movie industry has become more and more geared to producing movies for children .
I understand that part of the reason directors do this is because young people are what we nowadays call “ media savvy ” and are proud enough of the fact that they like to be reminded of it .
We know that you know that it ’s fake , the filmmakers say , so we ’re not going to go through the silly , old - fashioned charade of pretending it ’s real .
But , see , I still , for at least a little while , do n’t know it ’s fake .
I want to believe — which , I suppose , makes me more kid - like than the prematurely sophisticated kids who are all so media savvy that they do n’t take it personally when the author assumes they know it ’s fake .
They do know it , too ; for them , there ’s no illusion to be shattered anymore , so they are disinclined to treat the frankly unbelievable and unbelieved images with very much respect , whereas I still have a child - like faith in them and so feel annoyed and insulted when the filmmaker pays me the compliment , as he supposes it to be , of assuming that I know it is all unreal .
A variation on the “ it ’s - only - a - movie ” theme comes in the form of the e-mails I often get which include a sentence that reads something like this : “ Why ca n’t you ever just go to a movie for escapist enjoyment ? ”
This notion of “ escapism ” seems to be accepted by everyone almost as the reason for the movies ’ existence in the first place .
Read any history of the medium and it will tell you that Depression - era Americans went to see the lavish movie musicals of Busby Berkeley and similar glamorous stuff to escape from the bitter hardships of their daily lives .
Reality was getting them down , so they sought out a fantasy .
I do n’t believe it .
Speaking as a naïve viewer of the sort that is supposed to have a taste for escapism , I feel quite sure that what those audiences wanted from the pictures was not escape from what they thought of as the real world but a cinematic reality that they could regard as superior to it and that was therefore more real than the world outside it .
To us it may look as if poverty and failure were the reality and love and happiness mere fantasies , but I do n’t think it looked that way at the time .
If it had n’t already been taken over by a bunch of Dadaist pranksters in the 1920s and 30s , another word for the psychological effect of the movie image might be “ surreal ” — particularly as it might be applied to the early horror films which were contemporaneous with the surrealists .
The trouble was that , once the trick had been performed , it was n’t very horrifying anymore .
We knew how it was done , and if we saw the films again we enjoyed them in a spirit of self - congratulation .
What we were really enjoying was the spectacle of that naïve viewer who was once ourselves — or , nowadays , more likely our grandparents — still being taken in by the illusion we have learned to see through .
Postmodern , Postmoral
This is the characteristic mode of movie - watching in the postmodern era .
Compared to the days when people went to the pictures once a week , so much of our lives today is lived among artificial and second - hand moving imagery on screens large and small that filmmakers often prefer to concede in advance that they can no longer expect even a first - run suspension of disbelief on the part of their increasingly youthful audiences .
In short , there is a severe shortage of willingly naïve viewers like me , and they are almost nonexistent among those under thirty .
That ’s why horror movies are nowadays so often comic rather than scary — like Wes Craven ’s Scream ( 1996 ) and its sequels and the Scary Movie franchise .
The illusion is exposed even before it is created .
And those movies that continue to try to scare us — Michael Haneke ’s Funny Games ( 1997 ) is a good example — must do so by deliberately subverting the narrative conventions of the movies , including that by which horror was once finally contained and neutralized by the forces of good , which thereby proved to be more real , after all , than the surrealities .
That , too , is a trick that can only be performed once , as perhaps the failure of Mr. Haneke ’s attempt at a remake , in English , ten years later showed .
The point is that what scares us about such a film is not so much the acts of violence which it represents as the feeling of being lost among them without any moral compass .
The familiar movie conventions of the home - invasion picture , some of them anyway , are still there in this film , but they all mean something different .
That seems appropriate , somehow , since its criminals are portrayed as having no motivations for their acts of cruelty and horror but simply the pleasure of committing them .
That may sound like the familiar Hollywood phenomenon of the serial killer , which is similarly based on the premise that unmotivated criminality , attributable only to some obscure psychosexual meltdown , is a lot scarier than the usual kind .
But the Hollywood serial killer is insulated from the full horror of his deeds by such a Gothic excess of blood - curdling evil that it tips over into comedy , as in the case of his prototype , Hannibal Lecter in The Silence of the Lambs ( 1991 ) .
Mr. Haneke ’s serial killers refuse to take themselves even a little bit seriously .
And so , as the horror begins to dawn on us amid scenes of everyday domesticity , the director intrudes himself into his movie .
The dominant of the two young killers ( Arno Frisch ) turns to the camera and winks at us .
Later , when he is offering to bet with the horrified family members as to whether or not they will be alive in the morning , he turns to the camera again and , shockingly , addresses us , the audience .
“ What do you think ? ” he says .
“ Do you think they have a chance of winning ?
You ’re on their side , are n’t you ? ”
Later when Anna , the mother played by Susanne Lothar without any apparent consciousness of being in a movie rather than the most horrifying experience of her life , says that their cruelty has gone far enough , the young man says to her : “ You think that ’s enough ?
We ’re not up to feature film length yet . ”
And again he turns to the camera .
“ Is that enough ?
But you want a real ending , with plausible plot development , do n’t you ? ”
Most memorably and bewilderingly , when Anna manages to snatch a momentarily unattended shotgun and shoot the second young man ( Frank Giering ) , the first screams : “ Where ’s the remote ? ” and , finding it , rewinds the whole scene to the point before she seized the gun and prevents her , the second time through , from getting it .
The funny games that the young men are playing with the family are echoed by the funny games Mr. Haneke is playing with us .
During their final murder , the young men are shown discussing a science fiction movie — presumably Andrei Tarkovsky ’s Solaris ( 1972 ) — in which , they say , the hero ’s family is in reality and he ’s in fiction .
Here it is obviously the family that is in the fiction and the heroes in a kind of reality — the movie - reality , that is , which the director assumes the right to create , and to let us know he is creating .
And this is the point of his characters ’ taking the audience into their confidence , for it reinforces the central thesis of the film that there is no moral order in any other ( any real ) reality , that makes any difference to what happens in this film .
We all make our own reality , just like the movie director , just like his monstrous protagonists in toying with the terrorized family , and there is nothing either you or the universe — which you may still have allowed yourself to suppose cares about what happens to you — can do about it .
“ You ’re on their side , are n’t you ? ” asks the killer .
But he knows that the filmmaker , who stands in for God in the context of his movie , is taking his side , not theirs , as you may also find yourselves surprised to expect him to do the way the old movies did .
We are in the hands of the filmmaker , and the filmic reality he creates , which is the only reality that matters or is at all persuasive to the postmodern audience .
Curmudgeonliness No Cynicism
I have gone on at such length about Funny Games because I think it is a demonstration of our cultural assumptions about what reality is — a sort of self - chosen Sartrean sandbox for us to play in just because there is nothing else — and what the implications of those assumptions are , not just for movies but for art in general .
For the mimetic function that I so value in the movies as in other arts is pointless if there is no God — no real God — and the universe has no moral order .
Why would anyone want to imitate or replicate — or to watch an imitation or replication — of mere chaos ?
The recourse to fantasy or whimsy is both an act of despair and an attempt to cover it up with brittle laughter .
Mr. Haneke ’s film exposes the charade , the postmodern funny game , in a uniquely horrifying way — which is why , I take it , he is reported to have said that if the film was a hit it would be because the audience had n’t understood it .
Meanwhile , I admit to being a curmudgeon .
But curmudgeons can sometimes be right too , just as paranoiacs can have real enemies .
Moreover , such curmudgeonliness as is required to resist today ’s easy acceptance of fantasy as the characteristic mode of a fundamentally realistic medium is the opposite of cynicism .
The cynics are the prematurely aged children who have been taught by the culture to believe that all the enchantment the movies are capable of generating is a fake , though none the worse for that , and to congratulate themselves for “ getting ” it instead of losing themselves — and so reclaiming their capacity for belief — in the fantasy .
Last week , Steve Capps released an iPhone game to the App Store called AliceX [ App Store ] .
This $ 1.99 game , however , carries special significance for long time Mac users as AliceX is based on the very first Mac game : Alice : Through the Looking Glass .
Original Mac packaging ( Folklore.org )
Folklore.org has documented the story behindwhich started as a Lisa game .
" You 've got to see the new game that Steve Capps wrote " , he told me while he was connecting his hard drive up to my Lisa .
He booted up into the Lisa Monitor development system , which featured a character - based UI similar to UCSD Pascal , and launched a program named " Alice " .
Steve Capps was the second member of the Lisa printing team , who started at Apple in September 1981 .
I had seen him around but not really met him yet .
The game was even featured in the original Steve Jobs Mac announcement ( 2 min 40sec ) back in January , 1984 .
The iPhone version of the game contains the " classic " Alice pieces as well as " hip hop " and " bush memorial " pieces .
Instructions , video and a simple javascript version of the iPhone adaptation of the game is available .
Steve Capps is perhaps most well known for his part in programming the Finder for the original Macintosh and subsequent work on the Newton OS .
Capps has since founded a user interface design company called onedoto
App Store Link : AliceX , $ 1.99 [ Note : not compatible with 1st generation iPod touches ]
Why Tuff Writer ?
Here at Tuff Writer we understand that people often depend on their tools for their lives .
That 's precisely why we make the world 's toughest pens and accessories .
Through freezing cold , intense heat and the harshest conditions you 're likely to find yourself in , our products will prevail so that you can prevail .
Oh , how you tease .
You were brilliant in Cleveland last night .
8 innings pitched , 4 hits , 2 walks , 2 runs , 5 strikeouts , and you still hit 97 on the radar gun in the 8th ( although I ’m pretty sure the gun was a little fast , but 95 is okay by me ) .
You had never gone 8 innings in your career , and you ’ve rarely thrown that hard in any start this season , let alone that late in the game .
This is what we ’ve expected from you since you came into our lives two years ago .
We saw the potential , the 98 mph heater , the devastating slider .
We heard whispers of a good change and a curve you could throw for strikes .
We marveled at your strikeouts , your velocity , your ferocity on the mound .
You were n’t scared out there .
We all instantly recognized Mariano ’s poise in you .
We turned to each other in the stands and smiled and said , “ There ’s Mo ’s successor . ”
It was 1996 all over again and Yankee fans realized we had our next dominant closer for a decade and a half .
Only this time , you replaced Rivera ’s cool , confident swagger with an intensity and fire we recognized from Boston ’s own flame hurlin’ reliever .
We envisioned Joba vs. Papelbon duels , the PTI guys arguing who was the better closer , and bean balls and retaliation galore .
You threw at Youkalis .
You were not afraid .
Gone was the Joe Torre School of Nice Baseball .
These were n’t your older brother ’s Yankees , and you were the reason , and we liked it .
Then we heard you wanted to be a starter .
You started in the minors , you had these other pitches , and you wanted to use them .
My god , we thought , you ’re Roger Clemens .
You have the same build , the same disposition , the same competitiveness , the same blistering “ I ’m throwing this for a strike so you better swing at it ” fastball .
You could be the clean Roger .
You could throw at batters without throwing bats .
Sub - three ERAs and 250 K seasons danced in our heads .
We could be extra proud of you because the Yankees drafted you , developed you , and no BC grad who forgets to pronounce his R ’s could yell at us for throwing a bag of money at you .
But it did n’t go exactly as planned .
You showed flashes , but you were wild , which we expected .
It would take some time to stretch you out and get you used to pitching 6,7,8 innings .
But it was more than a lack of control .
You started nibbling , not trusting your stuff .
You were on a strict pitch count , which did n’t help .
But we were patient .
It was your first season in the majors , and we saw the potential .
We knew what could be and what would be , so we waited .
Now it ’s 2009 .
We are New York fans , which means we are impatient .
Recently we got used to winning World Series again , and we have n’t won a championship in nearly a decade .
The Yankees won 26 World Series from 1923 - 2000 , so going 8 years without a ring defies the law averages .
You know this , Joba .
And we know you know this .
That ’s why you frustrate us .
Your velocity started slipping .
In your attempts to become a pitcher instead of a thrower you lost the stuff that made you able to be just a thrower , if that makes sense .
But you showed us flashes .
You threw a 7 inning 3 hitter in Detroit when the Yankees desperately needed it .
You followed it up by striking out 12 Red Sox in the Bronx , but you only lasted 5 2/3 and you got tagged for four runs in the 1st .
You had a couple of “ quality starts ” in a row , but by definition only .
A quality start is at least six innings pitched and no more than 3 earned runs allowed .
But by that definition , a starter who throws 33 quality starts would pitch under 200 innings with a 4.50 ERA .
We expect more from you .
You lasted 4 innings in Texas .
Mike Francesa started yelling even louder for you to return to the bullpen .
I started to agree with him .
I wanted to be patient , to give you time to develop .
I did n’t want to be the typical New York fan who demanded winning NOW at the cost of winning tomorrow .
But , have you seen your bullpen Joba ?
Do you trust handing the ball off to some goofball in the 6th inning ?
I thought it would be better for you .
You could throw 98 again , you could lock down the 7th and 8th innings in close games , and the Yankees would make do without you in the rotation .
But then you gave us last night .
You were great .
You did n’t allow a hit until the 4th .
You threw strikes , but did n’t go for the strikeout at the cost of an out .
You had your velocity and you said , “ Hit it if you can ” .
You face planted to grab a blooper in front of the mound .
You battled midges .
You only walked two .
This is what we all know you are capable of .
We know you can give us this more often than not .
We know you can throw 95 and above without sacrificing innings .
We know you can locate all four of your pitches like that .
So please , show us this again .
The Rays come to town this Saturday .
This is the team that was 8 games better than you last year .
They ’ve scored the most runs in the majors this season .
You thrive on this , I know you do .
So show us what you can do .
Shut them down .
Make Francesa ’s job tough ; make him re-evaluate his position .
Make him think twice about sending you to the bullpen .
I know you can do this .
We believe in you .
Sincerely ,
Yankee Fans
P.S. If you missed it above , check out the video of Joba ’s spectacular catch from TotalProSports.com
Follow me on Twitter and learn what ’s on my mind grapes .
In December 20 , 1951 , just outside the tiny town of Arco , Idaho , four 100 - watt lightbulbs strung on a single cord flickered to life and then glowed brightly , becoming the first appliances ever powered by nuclear energy .
The small group of scientists watching , employees of the Idaho National Laboratory ( INL ) , toasted to a future powered by the splitting of atoms .
It would be a dream deferred .
Nuclear power stalled in America amid highly publicized accidents and concerns about radioactive waste .
But scientists at the INL quietly soldiered on , and now the tide may be turning :
The imperative to limit greenhouse - gas emissions is sparking an atomic renaissance on the very site of nuclear energy ’s birth .
Buoyed by an allocation of $ 1.25 billion in funding for reactor research from the 2005 Energy Policy Act , INL scientists are working to improve safety , boost efficiency , minimize waste , and decrease cost in a new generation of nuclear reactors .
Even if renewable energy goes mainstream , INL researchers still believe nuclear will be essential for supporting the electrical grid ’s base load — that portion of the nation ’s electricity that must be supplied at a constant rate , in contrast to the variable supplies from the sun and wind .
“ Nuclear is the major base load–producing energy source that could reduce greenhouse - gas emissions , ” says Kathryn McCarthy , INL ’s deputy director for nuclear science and technology .
Unlike burning coal or other fossil fuels , fission — the breaking apart of atomic nuclei , the process underlying nuclear energy — emits no carbon dioxide .
A nuclear reactor generates power from a cluster of fuel rods inside its core , each filled with uranium oxide .
Every time an incoming neutron bombards one of the uranium atoms , the atom splits in two , expelling energy and releasing more neutrons , which in turn collide with other atoms and establish a chain reaction .
The cumulative heat from this process boils water into steam , which spins a turbine to create electricity .
The fission of an atom of uranium is 10 million times as potent as burning an atom of carbon from coal , making nuclear power efficient and inexpensive — in principle , at least .
The average cost of generating nuclear energy in the United States was less than two cents per kilowatt - hour in 2006 , according to the Atlanta - based utility data provider Ventyx , which puts it on par with coal .
Critics like Rocky Mountain Institute cofounder and chief scientist Amory Lovins dispute this apparent parity , arguing that the price of nuclear energy would increase if more plants were built .
The current cost of delivering nuclear - generated electricity is low in part because many plants were paid for long ago , Lovins notes .
Nuclear ’s day - in , day - out reliability makes it an essential companion to renewable energy , argues Burton Richter , winner of the 1976 Nobel Prize in Physics .
“ The sun does n’t shine at night , and wind power is highly variable , ” he says .
“ To meet our emissions goals , we ’re going to have to grasp every arrow in the quiver , and nuclear is one of those arrows . ”
Before that can happen , though , nuclear power will have to overcome the unresolved issue of how to dispose of radioactive fuel waste .
In February President Obama deep - sixed the government ’s long - standing plan to bury waste at Nevada ’s Yucca Mountain after opponents argued that the strategy was too risky .
“ Now it ’s time to start over and find a viable way to deal with used nuclear fuel , ” says Patrick Moore , chief scientist at the sustainability consulting firm Greenspirit Strategies and a cofounder of Greenpeace .
But finding an alternate solution could take years , and some observers concerned about nuclear waste ’s effects on human health do not want to plunge ahead in the meantime .
“ I think there ’s a solution out there ; I just do n’t think we ’ve landed on it yet , ” says Mary Woollen , executive director of the nonprofit group Keep Yellowstone Nuclear Free .
“ It ’s foolhardy to ramp up the scale of nuclear power before the waste issue is resolved . ”
That is exactly what the INL scientists are aiming to do , however , confident that their work is essential to the planet ’s well - being .
Their efforts focus on two new designs : the very - high - temperature reactor ( VHTR ) and the sodium - cooled fast reactor ( SFR ) .
Both incorporate inherent safety features to prevent core overheating and the release of radioactive material .
The hope is that these new approaches will finally erase the memory of Three Mile Island and Chernobyl and eliminate some of the political opposition that has stymied the American nuclear power industry for three decades .
The VHTR , which is still in the planning stage , has a reactor core made of graphite , a substance that remains strong and stable even at high temperatures .
Helium gas cools the reactor and transports heat to outside the core .
The reactor uses uranium dioxide fuel particles that are also coated with graphite so they will not crack and release fission products even in extreme heat .
As a result , VHTR plants will be able to heat helium to a temperature of up to 1000 degrees Celsius ( 1800 °F ) — nearly three times as high as existing reactors can go .
The heat from the helium can then be used to create steam to drive a turbine .
Unlike reactors of the Chernobyl type , the VHTR has a negative temperature coefficient , meaning that as the core temperature rises , nuclear reactions inside naturally begin to slow down .
This feature ensures that the reactor never approaches a temperature that would trigger a meltdown .
“ No matter what humans do wrong , ” McCarthy says , “ if anything abnormal happens , the plant will shut itself down . ”
The VHTR should produce electricity about 40 percent more efficiently than do most reactors in the United States .
The heat it generates would also be useful for nearby industrial plants .
VHTR plants could even produce hydrogen for fuel using high - temperature steam electrolysis , which breaks apart the bonds of water molecules ; this process is 50 percent more energy - efficient than existing hydrogen production methods .
In 2005 the Department of Energy authorized INL to build a VHTR plant .
The prototype should be completed sometime between 2018 and 2021 .
But first the INL team must surmount a slew of technical obstacles .
For instance , hardy new alloys may be necessary to protect some surfaces inside the reactor .
“ Right now , materials do n’t always exist to go with the kinds of temperatures and pressures they are talking about , ” Richter says .
Even if such materials are found , he adds , they might add millions of dollars to the still - unknown cost of constructing a VHTR power plant .
The competing SFR design banks on a novel fission concept : bombarding uranium atoms with neutrons of much higher energy than those used in a tradi­tional nuclear plant .
This concentrated atomic assault allows the reactor to extract 100 times as much energy from uranium fuel as do current thermal reactors , which use less than 1 percent of the fuel ’s potential energy .
The SFR can also burn spent nuclear rods from other reactors and depleted uranium left over from the uranium - enrichment process , putting a serious dent in the nuclear waste problem .
Scientists from the industry ’s professional group , the American Nuclear Society , estimate the energy an SFR plant could coax from these by - products would be enough to supply all of America ’s needs for more than 100 years .
Reburning spent rods in an SFR also reduces their radioactive decay time ; the resulting waste would have to be sequestered for only a few hundred years instead of several thousand .
Unfortunately , the sodium used to transfer heat out of the core in an SFR plant is a mixed blessing .
Liquid sodium is an ideal coolant in that , unlike water , it does not impede the movement of fast neutrons .
It also improves safety because it works under normal atmospheric pressure .
But liquid sodium is opaque , making it hard for reactor operators to monitor heat transfer .
To compensate for this difficulty , INL researchers are developing computer simulations that model the way liquid sodium acts inside a fast reactor .
A few early - model SFRs have been around for a while : Idaho ’s low - power , experimental EBR - II operated for 30 years , and Russia ’s 29 - year - old BN - 600 is still running .
However , INL does not want to roll out a new prototype until researchers have finished refining the computer models .
This may mean that an improved SFR plant will not appear for another 10 or 20 years .
Such a lengthy timeline , combined with hefty up - front costs and lingering public skittishness , suggests that next - generation nuclear faces an uphill battle .
Current designs could cost up to $ 10 billion to build ; new ones are likely to be even more expensive .
Energy companies are reluctant to commit such sums until they are sure that the upgraded designs deliver on their promise .
“ We need a demo plant — that ’s really what ’s holding the industry back , ” says David Petti , an INL technical director .
“ The end users have basically told us , ‘ We ’ll be first in line for the second plant . ’ ”
Even if INL can persuade energy companies to sign on , long construction times guarantee that the nuclear renaissance will be gradual .
“ These new reactors wo n’t come into broad use until the second half of the century .
So for the next 50 years , we are going to be relying on the current generation , ” Richter says .
Maintaining today ’s nuclear plants will require finding a practical , safe , and politically palatable way to dispose of waste .
“ As to spent fuel , love it or hate it , we have it , ” Richter says .
“ We have 60,000 tons of it from reactors that are now running . ”
A refined SFR design could eventually mitigate the waste issue because of the reactor ’s ability to burn spent fuel , but even in a best - case scenario , the reused fuel would retain unsafe levels of radioactivity for several centuries .
The nuclear industry will also have to address widespread fears about the reactors themselves .
Insiders claim that today ’s nuclear plants are far safer than many people realize .
After all , no one has ever died in a commercial nuclear power accident on American soil ; in contrast , emissions from fossil - fuel plants kill 24,000 Americans each year , according to a 2004 report commissioned by the Clean Air Task Force , an environmental group .
But in the post - 9/11 mind - set , nuclear plants loom as potential terrorist targets and as possible sources of raw material for nuclear weapons .
George W. Bush was supportive of INL ’s nuclear research , but so far it is not clear if the Obama administration shares that enthusiasm , McCarthy says .
Still , the threat of climate change has once - skeptical environmentalists like Greenspirit ’s Patrick Moore — along with environmental icons like Stewart Brand and James Lovelock — throwing their support behind nuclear energy .
“ I think the environmental movement made the mistake of lumping nuclear energy in with nuclear weapons , ” Moore says .
“ It ’s clear to me that no technology will do more than nuclear to reduce our use of fossil fuels . ”
Going Nuclear
In its efforts to develop safer , cheaper , and more efficient nuclear reactors , the Idaho National Laboratory has researched half a dozen next - generation reactor designs ; these two ( the sodium - cooled fast reactor and the very - high - temperature reactor ) are the most promising .
Both are configured to exploit the laws of nuclear physics to make a meltdown impossible , even in the face of an engineering failure or operator error .
Whether or not either design is practical is still unknown .
The US healthcare establishment has launched a series of television attack adverts using tragic stories from Britain 's National Health Service to contest Barack Obama 's plans to contain the escalating cost of treatment and make it more accessible to the poor .
In the broadcasts , by Conservatives for Patients ' Rights ( CPR ) , Britons complain about waiting times , restrictions to operations and access to life - saving drugs on the NHS .
A top British cancer specialist , Dr Karol Sikora , dean of the University of Buckingham 's medical school and former chief of the World Health Organisation 's cancer programme , also appears , warning that a state - run system strips patients of control over their healthcare .
" They lose control over their own destiny in the health system , " he says in the advert .
Supporters of reform have accused CPR of conducting a scaremongering campaign on behalf of the medical establishment similar to one that sank the last attempt at reform by the Clinton administration 16 years ago .
The latest campaign is being co-ordinated by the same public relations firm that masterminded the " Swift boat " attacks by President Bush 's campaign against John Kerry in the 2004 election .
CPR says that Obama 's plans to control costs , while widening access to care for some 45 m people without health insurance , means that the US will introduce rationing of treatment and drug supplies which is similar to that overseen by the UK's National Institute for Healthcare and Clinical Excellence ( Nice ) .
The campaign group describes Britons as " trapped " by the NHS , with medical decisions made by bureaucrats , not doctors .
" As our nation goes forward in its own healthcare reform debate , the failures of the British system should have Americans asking some very important questions , such as : who should make medical decisions – me and my doctor or a government board ? " CPR asks .
The adverts feature Katie Brickell , who had terminal cervical cancer diagnosed at the age of 23 after she was refused a routine smear test on three occasions because she was deemed too young .
The campaign group says the ruling was made by " the UK 's national government rationing board that controls what treatments patients may receive " .
Brickell says : " I fear the National Health Service has let me down because if I 'd had a smear test when I asked for one originally I would n't have gone through everything I 've been through now .
And I feel that them raising the age limit has pretty much signed my death warrant . "
Also appearing is Kate Spall , whose mother died from a rare form of kidney cancer because the cost of the treatment was too high .
" If you have cancer in the UK today , you 're going to die quicker than in any other country in Europe , " she says in the advert .
Sikora , who appears in more than one advert , said he did not know that he would be part of the campaign .
" They came and saw me in my office about a month ago and I gather I 'm appearing in some advert .
They did n't tell me that would happen , " he said .
" I 've seen it now .
It did n't look too bad .
It was reasonable . "
But Sikora , who has worked in the US , says that he agrees with Obama that the two main problems with the American system are the large number of people without health insurance and the high cost of medical treatment , which is " driven by business - minded doctors " .
Richard Kirsch , campaign manager of Health Care for America Now , backs Obama 's intention to reform the system .
" There 's a tremendous attempt to scare people away from healthcare reform by those who make a lot of money out of the healthcare system , " he said .
He added that he believes the ads will not reverse a growing public sentiment for such reform .
CPR is headed by the former chief executive of a health group who was at the forefront of one of the country 's biggest healthcare fraud scandals .
Rick Scott was forced out as CEO and chairman of a healthcare company , Columbia / HCA , in 1997 after the government accused it of a massive fraud through overbilling .
Scott walked away with millions of dollars in severance pay , but the company was forced to pay $ 1.7bn in compensation to the government , fines , interest and other payments to avoid prosecution and settle with claimants .
Scott has responded to the criticism by saying : " I was never charged with any wrongdoing . "
We finally made it to Grits & Groceries for Saturday Brunch with the Henry 's after months of trying to coordinate schedules .
It was worth the drive just for the praline bacon .
Well , that and we enjoyed great company of Brian and Betsy .
We sure are blessed that the G&G folks came from New Orleans to cook for us .
Senior aides to President Barack Obama accompanied four Uighur prisoners as they were flown from Guantanamo Bay to the British colony of Bermuda , without the UK being informed , it was revealed yesterday .
In an escalating diplomatic row over the transfer of the former terrorist suspects , US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton discussed the transfer with British Foreign Secretary David Miliband in what was said to be an uneasy conversation .
Privately Whitehall officials accused America of treating Britain , with whom it is supposed to have a " special relationship " , with barely disguised contempt .
One senior official said : " The Americans were fully aware of the foreign - policy understanding we have with Bermuda and they deliberately chose to ignore it .
This is not the kind of behaviour one expects from an ally . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The prime minister of Bermuda , Ewart Brown , disclosed that talks regarding the Uighurs had been going on for a full month , with London kept in the dark .
" Nothing like this happens overnight .
We started these discussions the middle of May , " he said .
" You can understand that this matter is of such significance and why the talks had to be private and somewhat restricted . "
Those negotiations culminated in two White House aides , Greg Craig and Daniel Fried , flying to the island with the four prisoners on Thursday to ensure the transfer went smoothly .
The two men have key roles in the process of closing down the prison at Guantanamo Bay – an Obama election pledge .
The programme to disperse the remaining inmates overseas is said to be taking place under the direction of the most senior members of the US administration .
Amid continuing recriminations over the transfer , the US State Department attempted to counter British criticism by claiming that talks had , in fact , been held with the office of the British governor in Bermuda prior to the inmates being sent to the island .
An official in Washington said : " We did talk to them before the Uighurs got on the plane . "
This , however , was flatly denied by the governor , Sir Richard Gozney , who maintained yesterday : " We were only told this morning " .
The secret deal allows the Uighurs – detained in Afghanistan and Pakistan in 2001 but who have since been deemed not to be enemy combatants – to settle in Bermuda .
This raises the prospect of them getting British citizenship and right to travel ( and technically settle ) in the UK .
However , they would not have the right to enter America without the express permission of the US government .
The Bermudan premier denied that there had been any financial sweetener from Washington , and said that Bermuda was simply " playing the Good Samaritan " in recognition of its 400 - hundred - year - old friendship with the United States .
However Bermuda is heavily dependent on commerce with the US .
Almost 78 per cent of the island 's main income – financial services – involves American companies ; 90 per cent of its tourist industry , another major source of revenue , is also dependent on the US .
The four freed men – Abdul Nasser , Huzaifa Parhat , Abdul Semet and Jalal Jalaladin – said they were glad to be in Bermuda .
" Growing up under communism we always dreamed of living in peace and working in a free society like this one .
Today you have let freedom ring , " Mr Nasser said in a statement .
The US had refused to send the men back to China because of the risk they may be tortured or executed .
Beijing , which says the men are dangerous separatists , has complained that Washington has no right to hand its citizens to a third country and the Chinese government is said to be planning to request that Britain turn the men over .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Another 13 Uighurs from Guantanamo are being sent to another tiny island , Palau , in the Pacific .
Its president , Johnson Toribiong , declared that accepting them was a " humanitarian gesture " , although Washington is also reported to be giving his government $ 200 m worth of aid .
The decision to resettle the men has aroused protests on both islands .
In Palau , angry residents are said to have inundated the island 's only newspaper to express their concern .
In Bermuda , the opposition United Party condemned the " autocratic action " .
It is unclear whether the Bermudan governor or the British government , can actually stop the island from giving the Uighurs citizenship .
A terse statement from the Foreign Office said : " The Bermuda government consider this to be a matter regarding their day - to - day responsibility for immigration .
We have underlined to the Bermuda government that it should have consulted the UK on whether this falls within their competence or is a foreign affairs or security issue for which the Bermuda government do not have delegated responsibility . "
British diplomatic sources say that they do not foresee the Uighurs getting travel documents in the immediate future , while talks continue in Bermuda .
Who are the Uighurs and where are they going ?
* The Chinese Uighurs are a Turkic ethnic group .
They mainly live in the western province of Xinjiang , which accounts for 16 per cent of China 's land mass and is the home of the ancient city of Kashgar , once a key destination on the Silk Road .
* Beijing 's plans to modernise Kashgar have left the Uighurs fearful that this will result in the destruction of their culture .
The government says ancient buildings in the city are unsafe and need to be replaced , but residents see this as culture imperialism .
* The Uighurs have long protested against Chinese rule .
The government in Beijing claims the Uighur separatist movement was responsible for 162 deaths and 200 attacks between 1990 and 2001 .
* Four Uighurs – whose birthplace is about as far away from the ocean as it is possible to be – have been flown to Bermuda , an archipelago consisting of around 138 islands .
It has a population of 65,000 and the third - highest per capita income in the world .
* Britain 's oldest colony , Bermuda is a picturesque tourist destination that also plays host to a powerful offshore financial industry , as well as Hollywood stars such as Michael Douglas and Catherine Zeta -Jones .
* On the trip to Bermuda , the Uighurs were given ties and taught how to knot them .
They were also lent phones with which to contact family and friends .
According to their lawyers , only two speak English and it is hoped they will teach the other two .
Toby Green
A SINGAPORE court has sentenced a Christian couple to eight weeks in jail each for distributing “ seditious or objectionable ” publications to Muslims .
According to this report , Ong Kian Cheong , 50 , and his wife , Dorothy Chan Hien Leng , 46 , had distributed two booklets by the ludicrous American Christian fundamentalist Jack Chick , which , according to the judge , could spark ill - will or hostility between Christians and Muslims in Singapore .
Chick ’s comic book tracts are batty even by Christian standards but they are nevertheless regularly distributed in the UK by extremist British evangelists .
The pair claimed ignorance in their defence , saying they did not know the contents of the booklets and had no reason to believe they had a seditious tendency .
In 2007 , the Protestant couple mailed Jack Chick ’s controversial booklets titled The Little Bride and Who is Allah ? to three Muslims who complained to the police .
Both publications are critical of Islam .
When the couple were arrested in January last year , police seized more than 400 copies of 11 of the offensive comics from their home .
As a multi-racial city state , Singapore clamps down on anyone who is seen to incite tensions in the community .
Singapore ’s population is mostly ethnic Chinese but also has significant numbers of Indians , Malay Muslims and other groups .
Movie : Road Warrior ( 1981 )
Video Game : Fallout 3 ( 2008 )
[ Source ]
# 2
Movie : Aliens ( 1986 )
Video Game : Halo ( series ) ( 2001 )
[ Source ]
# 3
Movie : Terminator ( 1984 )
Video Game : Metal Gear ( 1987 )
[ Source ]
# 4
Movie : Rocketeer ( 1991 )
Video Game : Dark Void ( 2009 )
# 5
Movie : Dawn of the Dead ( 2004 )
Video Game : Dead Rising ( 2006 )
# 6
Movie : Bladerunner ( 1982 )
Video Game : Snatcher ( 1988 )
[ Source ]
# 7
Movie : Ghostbusters ( 1984 )
Video Game : Luigi ’s Mansion ( 2001 )
# 8
Movie : Game of Death ( 1979 )
Video Game : Kung Fu Master ( 1984 )
Note :
These are also similar in the fact that the protagonist of each story would fight a boss on each level of the temple , after which , he would climb some stairs to face the next boss .
#9
Movie : Predator ( 1987 )
Video Game : Gears of War ( series ) ( 2006 )
Apple : Use of iTunes to produce nuclear weapons not allowed
Just a quick public service announcement to all our Apple peeps out there , because we care .
I know many people do n’t read license agreements , but in case you are both :
An iTunes user A terrorist
We need to make sure you know that you are not allowed to use iTunes , the digital music and video jukebox software , to aid in the “ development , design , manufacture or production of missiles , or nuclear , chemical or biological weapons . ”
We clear on that ?
[ Image Credit ]
Telekom Cycling Scandal Widens Commission Report Alleges Systematic Doping at German Hospital
An expert committee has finished its two - year investigation into doping practices at a German hospital specializing in sports medicine .
The findings allege that members of the T - Mobile cycling team used performance - enhancing drugs for years -- under the guidance of two doctors .
知人の紹介で知った替え歌。すごい気に入ってしまった。
delicious では結構ブックマークされているのに、はてブではあまりブクマされてないね。日本ではあまり知られてないのかな。
When I find my code in tons of trouble ,
Friends and colleagues come to me ,
Speaking words of wisdom :
" Write in C . "
...
もう 、" Let it be " は " Write in C " にしか聞こえない・・・ 。
歌詞はコレかな。 → Write in C
別バージョン 。
こちらの歌詞はこっちっぽい。 → http://www.cs.bgu.ac.il/~omri/Humor/write_in_c.html
もう一丁。ちょっとヘタクソ？（笑
The telescopes will detect infrared and microwave radiation respectively – revealing the birth of stars and galaxies , and the structure of the universe shortly after the big bang
Two of the most sophisticated spacecraft ever built – Herschel and Planck – have been launched from Europe 's spaceport in Kourou , French Guiana , on top of an Ariane 5 rocket .
The European Space Agency's two telescopes are destined for a point beyond the moon 's orbit .
From there , they will begin observations that will improve our understanding of the history of the universe .
Herschel will study some of the coldest objects in space in the far infrared , a part of the electromagnetic spectrum still mostly unexplored .
Planck will map the " fossil light " of the Universe - microwave radiation left over from the big bang – with unprecedented sensitivity and accuracy .
The two missions are among the most ambitious ever carried out by Europe .
When Herschel and Planck have separated shortly after launch they will head independently towards the L2 Lagrangian point of the Sun-Earth system – a gravitational stability point some 1.5 million kilometres from Earth in the opposite direction to the sun .
They will orbit the sun in the Earth 's shadow , allowing them to conduct continuous observations in a thermally stable environment far from any radiation disturbance from the Sun , Earth or moon .
Herschel is the largest infrared telescope ever launched .
The extremely smooth surface of its 3.5 m primary mirror is nearly one and a half times as large as Hubble 's optical mirror , and six times as big as its infrared predecessor ISO , launched by Esa in 1995 .
With its huge light - collection capability and set of sophisticated detectors cooled to within a whisker of absolute zero by around 2,000 litres of superfluid helium , Herschel will look at the faintest and farthest infrared sources and peer into the as - yet uncharted far infrared and submillimetre parts of the spectrum .
It will be able to see through cosmic dust and gas to observe events that date from the early universe , such as the birth and evolution of stars and galaxies 10 billion years ago .
Closer by , within our galaxy , Herschel will also observe extremely cold objects , such as the clouds of dust and interstellar gases from which stars and planets are formed , and even the atmosphere around comets , planets and their moons in our own solar system .
Meanwhile , Planck will measure tiny temperature fluctuations in the very early Universe with unprecedented sensitivity .
It will monitor the cosmic microwave background , the relic of the very first light ever emitted in space about 380,000 years after the big bang , when the density and temperature of the young universe had decreased enough to finally allow light to separate from matter and travel freely in space .
Herschel 's detectors will be cooled to 0.3 degrees above absolute zero .
But Planck 's detectors will reach even colder temperatures , just 0.1 degrees above 0 K. Esa says that during its mission , the coldest points of the universe may well be its instruments .
The satellite will help astronomers to create a set of multi-million - pixel sky maps that will reveal the universe 's structure .
It will be able to determine the total mass of atoms in the Universe , infer the total density of the mysterious dark matter and even shed new light on the nature of dark energy .
HOLLADAY — Salt Lake County sheriff 's investigators Monday were looking for two Texas parents who reportedly abducted their daughter from her apartment , allegedly because they did n't approve of her recent conversion to the LDS Church .
Danielle Alonso , 19 , was last seen Sunday about 12:30 p.m. when she answered her basement apartment door and her father , Daniel Alonso , grabbed her and immediately took her away , said Salt Lake County Sheriff 's Lt. Don Hutson .
Danielle Alonso's clothes , wallet , credit cards and cell phone were all left behind .
Danielle 's roommate Sarah Schneider witnessed Danielle 's abduction by her father immediately after she answered the door .
" Danielle and I are the best of friends , " Schneider said Monday .
" I am deeply concerned for her safety . "
Daniel Alonso reportedly made a parting verbal jab at the roommate , believing she was responsible for his daughter 's recent baptism into The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints .
By Monday afternoon , detectives had located the rental car that Daniel , 46 , and Gloria Alonso , 48 , were using when Danielle was taken from her apartment .
The car was dropped off at the Denver International Airport .
The keys were put in a drop box , Hutson said .
There were no signs of Danielle Alonso or her parents , and no contact has been made with any of them since the apparent kidnapping .
Investigators have made numerous attempts to contact Daniel Alonso with no success .
He has retained a lawyer , however , who told police the family was between Salt Lake City and their home in Corpus Christi , Texas , Monday afternoon and that Danielle was safe .
The incident began late last week when Danielle Alonso sent a letter to her parents telling them that she had converted , Hutson said .
The letter reportedly caused her father to go into a rage .
" He called her and basically disowned her , telling her , ' I do n't ever want to see you again , ' " Hutson said .
Two days later , however , Daniel Alonso called back and told his daughter he would forgive her , but she needed to come home as soon as possible .
But Danielle Alonso told her father she did n't want to return home , prompting her father to say he was going to come get her , Hutson said .
Zach Tautedi , who lives in the house above the basement apartment and who was there when Danielle Alonso was taken , said Danielle told him the day before that her father threatened to " grab her by her hair and drag her out of the apartment " when he arrived .
Danielle Alonso called the sheriff 's office saying she did n't feel safe due to past physical abuse , Hutson said .
The last time Danielle talked to the sheriff 's office , investigators told her to lock her doors and call 911 if her father showed up , Hutson said .
Just 90 minutes later , Danielle 's parents arrived at the door of her apartment at 5810 S. 2100 East , Holladay .
They had apparently purchased one - way airline tickets to Salt Lake City that morning .
Rather than call 911 , however , Danielle attempted to talk to her father .
But as soon as she opened the door , she was grabbed and taken away , Hutson said .
Because of statements
Danielle made about prior physical abuse from her father to her roommate and to the sheriff 's office , officials issued an endangered person alert .
The Alonso family previously lived in Vernal .
A search of state court records found no evidence that Daniel Alonso had faced any domestic violence or similar charges in the past , a fact Hutson confirmed .
Sheriff 's detectives have electronically tracked the family to a few points along their trip back to Texas .
The route , however , appears to be very indirect , according to Hutson , who said Daniel Alonso " is not your regular criminal . "
He 's done a lot of things to avoid being caught .
The Salt Lake District Attorney 's Office is expected to issue a warrant for Daniel Alonso 's arrest Tuesday along with criminal charges .
Hutson said when police catch up to Daniel Alonso in Texas , he will immediately be arrested and booked into jail .
Daniel Alonso worked for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service when he lived in Utah and , at one point , supervised the Ouray National Wildlife Refuge .
Anyone with information on Danielle Alonso can call the sheriff 's office at 801-743-7000 .
Contributing : Jacob Hancock
E-MAIL : preavy@desnews.com
TEHRAN , Iran ( CNN ) --
Security forces wielding clubs and firing weapons beat back hundreds of would - be demonstrators who had flocked to a square in the capital on Wednesday to continue protests against an election they have denounced as fraudulent , witnesses told CNN .
Hard - line Iranian students mock British , U.S. and Israeli flags outside the British Embassy in Tehran on Tuesday .
more photos »
" They were waiting for us , " one source said .
" They all have guns and riot uniforms .
It was like a mouse trap . "
Another witness told CNN that hundreds of people were chased by security forces and clubbed about a mile from the square .
They were among the more than half a dozen witnesses who told CNN that security forces outnumbering protesters used overwhelming force to crush a planned demonstration in Baharestan Square , in front of the parliament building .
The witnesses said police charged against the demonstrators , striking them with batons , beating women and old men and firing weapons into the air in order to disperse them .
The melee extended beyond the square , according to one woman , who told CNN that she was traveling toward Baharestan with her friends as evening approached " to express our opposition to these killings these days and demanding freedom .
" But the black - clad police , they stopped everyone .
They emptied buses that were taking people there and let the private cars go on ... and then , all of a sudden , some 500 people with clubs of wood , they came out of the Hedayat Mosque and they poured into the streets and they started beating everyone . "
People were heard yelling " Death to the Dictatorship , Death to Ahmadinejad , Death to Khamanei and Death to Basiji , " she said .
Government - run Press TV gave a starkly different account , saying only about 200 protesters had gathered in front of the parliament and 50 others in a nearby square -- all were dispersed by security forces .
" A heavy presence of police prevented violence in the area , " Press TV said .
Watch an Ahmadinejad supporter describe the protests »
At the nearby Bank of Melli hospital , a person who answered the phone said no one had been admitted as a result of any clashes .
The number of demonstrators who ventured into the streets of Tehran appeared to have fallen since Sunday , said CNN 's Reza Sayah , who flew Wednesday to the United States from Tehran .
He said exhaustion after eight consecutive days of massive protests may have combined with fear of government reprisals to limit the number of protesters .
The key to what happens next , he said , depends on what role is assumed by Mir Hossein Moussavi , whose supporters say was robbed of a victory in the June 12 elections .
Wednesday 's protests came as Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad met in Tehran with a delegation from Belarus in his first official meeting since the disputed June 12 election triggered widespread unrest .
The official results of the election gave the incumbent president a landslide victory , but his challengers have declared it was rigged and are seeking a new vote .
Ahmadinejad 's claim of victory got renewed support from Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , Iran 's supreme leader , who endorsed the results and reiterated Wednesday that the government will not back down .
Demonstrators must follow the law , he said .
According to official figures , 17 people have been killed in clashes with government forces over the past 11 days .
Anti-government demonstrators have taken to the streets in at least four cities outside Tehran .
But CNN has received unconfirmed reports of as many as 150 deaths related to the popular uprising .
The government 's response to it appears to have hardened in recent days .
CNN has received numerous accounts of night - time roundups by government forces of opposition activists and international journalists from their homes .
Some Tehran residents said they were too afraid to talk about the political crisis over the phone to anyone in the United States or Europe .
Many protesters debated whether to venture into the streets .
" I am not going outside my house at all , " a 21 - year - old college student from Tehran said .
" The streets are too dangerous , and just so very busy with police .
Ahhhh , when will our lives get back to normal ? "
Worried the government was monitoring their phone conversations , some residents said the Internet was the best way to transmit information .
However , the spotty connection made it difficult to rely on the Web .
" It 's beyond fear , " said a woman who arrived at a U.S. airport from Iran , but still did not want her name used for fear for her safety .
" The situation is more like terror . "
Watch arrivals describe the situation »
Khamenei urged parliamentarians Wednesday to tolerate the voices of the opposition , government - run Press TV reported .
Khamenei made the remarks to a group of lawmakers in Tehran , Press TV said .
But Khamenei added that the Islamic establishment and people " will never give in to coercive demands with regards to Iran 's presidential elections , " Press TV said .
The newscast added that a spokesman for the Guardian Council , which oversees elections , had declared that " no major irregularities took place " in the elections .
Though " minor irregularities " were found , they were not significant enough to change the results , the council spokesman said , according to Press TV .
Iran 's ambassador to Mexico defended his country 's actions , saying Wednesday that the anti-government protesters represent but a small minority of the nation .
" The minority can't impose their opinion on the majority , " Mohammad Hassan Ghadiri told CNN en Español .
" They can't impose a dictatorship saying that the majority is not going to govern . "
There are acceptable ways of addressing electoral fraud , if any occurred , he said .
" But they go out on the street , they attack buses , they attack banks ; that affects the security of the country . "
Asked why the government has made it impossible for nearly all international journalists to report from Iran , he accused the media of not accurately reporting events .
" In Tehran , there were much bigger demonstrations in favor of the government that you did n't report about , " he said .
Asked about the shooting of 26 - year - old Neda Agha - Soltan , whose death , captured on video , has become emblematic of the crackdown on protesters , he said , " It is not clear who killed whom . "
" Terrorists " were among the demonstrators , he said .
" Some armed people have attacked police .
...
Naturally , we have to respond . "
" We do not beat up our people and we do not kill them , " he said in a separate interview with CNN International .
Iran said the Agha - Soltan might have been shot by " mistake , " the state - run Islamic Republic News Agency reported Wednesday .
The report said the investigation into the death of Agha - Soltan is continuing , " but according to the evidence so far , it could be said that she was killed by mistake .
The marksmen had mistaken her for the sister of one of the Monafeghin who had been executed in the Province of Mazandaran some time ago . "
Monafeghin refers to the People 's Mujahedin Organization of Iran , which promotes a Marxist government for Iran and has waged a campaign against the fundamentalist Islamic Tehran government -- including bombings that killed politicians , judges and cabinet members .
Meanwhile , Iranian authorities said they have arrested several foreign nationals , some with British passports , in connection with the country 's post-election unrest .
Intelligence Minister Gholamhossein Mohseni - Ezhei told reporters that some people with links to the West and Israel had planned a series of bombings in Iran ahead of the June 12 election , the government - funded Press TV reported Wednesday .
" England is among the countries that fan the flames with their heavy propaganda , which is against all diplomatic norms , " Mohseni - Ezhei was quoted as saying by the semi-official Fars news agency .
" And the BBC Farsi has also played a major role .
Also , a number of people carrying British passports have played a role in the recent disturbances . "
Watch a report on Iran 's history with the West »
The British Foreign Office said it was looking into the claims .
Earlier Wednesday , Press TV said police raided a building in central Tehran used as a " headquarters " to foment post-election unrest .
The television station , citing unnamed sources , said the building was used by campaign staffers of opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi .
And evidence indicated that " foreign elements " were behind the planning , Press TV said .
The Iranian government has long blamed other countries , especially Britain , for " meddling " in its affairs but has offered no proof .
Tehran said Wednesday it was temporarily recalling its ambassador from London , another move in escalating tit - for - tat gestures between the governments .
On Tuesday , Britain expelled two Iranian diplomats .
A day earlier , Iran told two British diplomats to leave .
The difficulty in getting information has been compounded by a government clampdown on representatives of the international news media , who have been banned from covering protests .
That has led some news outlets including CNN to rely on information from people who are disseminating information via social networking Web sites .
According to Reporters Without Borders , 36 journalists have been arrested , 26 of them Iranian , since the election and " many others " are missing .
All About Iran • Mir Hossein Moussavi • Tehran • Mahmoud Ahmadinejad
It was about 5 months ago when I brought up the topic of ‘ fake logo designs ‘ .
Basically the point was that many logo designers are placing ‘ fake ’ logos , for made up companies , in their portfolio .
It is n’t the fact that the logo is ‘ fake ’ but rather the company and whether that these fictional designs are actually a measure of the designers skill and / or experience .
I would like to quote Steve from Logo Factory on his view of fake logo designs as his opinion is exactly where I stand .
All in all , the idea of creating pretend company logos is n’t terribly offensive – all designers at the beginning of their careers have to indulge – but does it give an accurate representation of a designer ’s ability to deal with real - world client demands and actual company requirements ?
I ’d say no .
I guess at the end of the day , sites like Logopond and Logosauce are great for visual eye - candy , they ’re not particularly helpful in seeing how designers attack real branding and logo development issues , nor how a designer can problem solve some of the more mundane and banal design problems that are presented in the ‘ real ’ world .
But how can a client decide on a logo designer based on their portfolio ?
I believe Briana had a great reply :
Personally , I think that using fake logos and other types of fake work is fine for demonstrating creativity and technical skill .
And it ’s only fair that they ’re disclosed as such in a portfolio .
But if they are used in a portfolio then the designer better have something else that backs up their business and communication sense because that ’s what fake work lacks the real world give and take relationship with a client .
Adding onto Briana ’s quote of “ something else that backs up their business ” , here are some other values one should keep in mind when hiring a designer .
In regards to disclosing fake logo designs in portfolios , I would have to commend Logopond ( a logo inspiration gallery ) for putting in place a new system for differentiating fun and client work – which comes after many others speaking up about this topic of fake logos .
If you notice on each LogoPond members showcase page , there are now new icons that help you differentiate what is client work or not .
Below you can see what each icon means along with a screenshot of where you can find these icons .
Take note of the red circles , highlighting where you can find each icon .
Below you will find a screenshot of the upload screen of where the designer can choose the “ logo status ” .
At present , it seems that it is not compulsory to choose what the status is , however , I believe it should be , to ensure that the system actually works .
I ’d like to know what you think ?
I also believe that this system should be put into use across other inspiration galleries and I will be doing so from now on for all new submissions on my own logo inspiration gallery , Logo of the Day .
Logo of the Day & Fictional Logos
And whilst on the topic of LOTD , many people have expressed their opinion on whether or not myself and Jeff Fisher should showcase fictional logo designs on the LOTD site .
Take August West ’s response to a conceptual logo :
Not a fan of the “ working backwards ” logos .
It ’s too simple to base an idea for a company around a logo .
I find it much more difficult to base a logo around a company ’s particular needs .
I could come up with random , cute logos for companies that do n’t exist all day long .
Just my humble opinion .
Although I agree with August on most parts , the main point of the LOTD inspiration gallery , is to give exposure & inspiration to other designers .
For this reason , we do showcase a conceptual logo from time to time .
Update : August 2009
We are no longer accepting fake logo designs on LOTD .
By doing so it gives exposure to the designers , thus bringing in potential clients for them .
And it works too … we ’ve received numerous “ thank you ” emails from designers , stating that they have received paying clients from their exposure .
The site has also brought in many clients & traffic for myself and book sales for Jeff Fisher whilst giving inspiration to other designers … so it really is beneficial for all involved .
The most recent success story coming out from Logo of the Day was the recent sale of the Logo of the Month logo , Coffee Cup ( as seen above ) that was sold via the ‘ stock logo ’ IncSpring website .
Below you can see the purchaser ’s comment left on LOTD :
Well , I just saw this logo last night here and thought about it all night .
I fell in love with it immediately .
I have been searching for a logo for my coffeehouse for about two years now and just bought it from the link above today .
I , and those I asked today , thought it was evocative , trendy , elegant , and fun !
I ’m so happy I ran across this site and saw that logo on a whim !
I congratulated them on their new purchase , in which they wittily replied :
Thanks a Latte 🙂 and all hail the Internets !
So yeah , I am all for fake logos … as long as they are rightly identified as so .
A secret sect of kung fu assassins could have silenced actor David Carradine as he delved into their shadowy activities , according to his family ’s lawyer .
In a twist that could be straight out of one the “ Kill Bill ” star ’s movies , attorney Mark Geragos suggested that Carradine may have been killed as he tried to uncover groups working in the martial - arts underworld .
The lawyer said the actor ’s family refuses to believe he died in a sadomasochistic sex stunt gone wrong — despite his being found naked with a rope tied around his neck , wrists and genitals .
Loved ones have urged the FBI to travel to Thailand and pick up the pieces of the police investigation there .
“ They ’ve done it because of the conflicting reports and the nature of those reports that have given the family great pause , ” Geragos said .
The secret societies of martial artists should be the first place they start looking for answers , said the prominent Hollywood lawyer , who has represented Michael Jackson , actress Winona Ryder , wife killer Scott Peterson and singer Chris Brown .
The bizarre claim was made on “ Larry King Live ” on CNN Friday after a panel member said , “ David was very interested in investigating and disclosing secret societies . ”
“ Absolutely , ” said Geragos .
“ What that means is connected to martial arts and his interest in martial arts , ” he continued .
“ And so there is a suspicion that if there was some foul play , that that may be the first area where they should look . ”
Secret societies in kung fu date back centuries and were originally formed as humanitarian groups , fighting on the side of the people against corrupt Chinese dynasties .
But in the last 200 years , many started to turn to criminal activities .
The suggestion they killed Carradine echoes conspiracy theories that Bruce Lee — who , ironically , competed with Carradine for the lead role in the 1970s TV series “ Kung Fu ” — was killed in 1973 by the Triads , a Chinese secret society .
Authorities said Lee , 32 , died of brain swelling triggered by a reaction to medication .
Carradine , who was found dead in a Bangkok hotel last week , had been fascinated with martial arts since he first began studying the discipline upon landing the “ Kung Fu ” role .
“ It ’s a way of life , ” the actor once said in an interview .
He had dusted off his martial arts moves 30 years later for the title role in Quentin Tarantino ’s “ Kill Bill ” movies .
His ex-wife , Marina Anderson , told The Post yesterday , “ If he was involved in secret societies , it was a secret that even I did n’t know about .
“ But he did have some big secrets . ”
Carradine was found dead in the closet of a Bangkok hotel last week .
Thai authorities think he might have died while pleasuring himself in an act of autoerotic asphyxiation — a practice which involves temporarily cutting off the brain ’s supply of oxygen to create a sexual turn -on .
He had been accused of being a fan of “ potentially deadly ” kinky sex acts in divorce papers Anderson filed against him in 2003 .
Carradine ’s family has lined up famed forensic expert Dr. Michael Baden — head pathologist for the New York State Police — to carry out his own examination of the actor ’s body .
Additional reporting by James Fanelli
adam.nichols@nypost.com
This is a brief overview of a book report on The Rise and Decline of Nations : Economic Growth , Stagflation , and Social Rigidities , by Mancur Olson at Philip Greenspun 's Weblog .
The full book review is fairly lengthy but well worth the read .
Indeed the original book itself may have been better titled as " the Decline and Fall of Nations " as there seems little in it that is uplifting in the current situation , except perhaps a warning that many countries are going down a slippery slope towards permanently unproductive economies .
The main thesis is that Olson wants to separate productive and non-productive parts of the economy ; something that traditional macroeconomics ignores .
He sees government spending as largely unproductive .
It does keep people employed but it is just a recycling of money taken from taxpayers and redistributed to activities that by their very nature do not yield a profit and hence do not contribute to economic growth and wealth .
The second attack is against the increased influence of special interest groups within developed economies .
Olson sees both corporate lobbying and powerful trade unions as contributing to the decline of a nation 's prosperity as they both seek to put their own interests above that of the nation .
Surely , seeking a balance is what governments are there for , and yet once the lobbying becomes so ingrained it is almost impossible to find a politician untarnished by either corporate or worker support .
The downward spiral of inefficiency and unproductiveness thereby continues as bigger and bigger government is need to monitor often conflicting market rules and regulations .
The book was written back in 1982 and Olson 's thesis is that standard macroeconomic theory is basically useless in describing developed economies .
Agreements between governments , companies and workers can work in rebuilding a country , as happened in Italy , Germany and Japan , but eventually such arrangements become negative in that they but the brakes on much needed changes demanded by new market conditions and new technologies .
Just look at the US auto industry - both corporations and unions want to keep their cozy market and demand government bailouts rather than adapting to market changes ten years ago .
How does all this help an individual today ?
Well , the message is that if you wish to prosper then look for a new industry and a developing country .
The mobility and flexibility of an economy unhampered by decades of nepotism may even be more important than the actual industry sector .
Be flexible and mobile and smart !
One slightly depressing side issue is that Olson believes that people moaning about their political establishment should just ignore it and concentrate on earning more money .
The special interest groups have significantly more funding than any individual , or even groups of individuals , and that the time wasted in seeking political solutions is better spent seeking personal economic solutions .
Voting for change is an illusion - vote with your feet .
Now the experimentation is more elaborate , designed to tailor the concrete to the need .
Increasingly , that need includes the environment .
Aesthetic considerations aside , concrete is environmentally ugly .
The manufacturing of Portland cement is responsible for about 5 percent of human - caused emissions of the greenhouse gas carbon dioxide .
“ The new twist over the last 10 years has been to try to avoid materials that generate CO2 , ” said Kevin A. MacDonald , vice president for engineering services of the Cemstone Products Company , the concrete supplier for the I - 35W bridge .
In his mixes , Dr. MacDonald replaced much of the Portland cement with two industrial waste products — fly ash , left over from burning coal in power plants , and blast - furnace slag .
Both are what are called pozzolans , reactive materials that help make the concrete stronger .
Because the CO2 emissions associated with them are accounted for in electricity generation and steel making , they also help reduce the concrete ’s carbon footprint .
Some engineers and scientists are going further , with the goal of developing concrete that can capture and permanently sequester CO2 from power plants or other sources , so it cannot contribute to the warming of the planet .
Given the numbers , the possibilities for carbon sequestration are enormous .
The United States concrete industry ’s big annual trade show , held in Las Vegas each winter , is called World of Concrete , and for good reason .
Concrete is made and used just about everywhere , with China responsible for half the world ’s production .
In the making of concrete , the Portland cement and water form a paste in which a series of reactions occur , hardening the paste and locking the aggregates within it .
Those reactions use up the water — concrete does n’t “ dry out ” through evaporation — and produce heat .
They also make the product caustic .
While most of the strengthening occurs in the first few days and weeks , the process can continue for years , as long as there is a little moisture around .
Michelle L. Wilson , director of concrete knowledge for the Portland Cement Association , a trade group , described a hydrating cement particle this way : “ It ’s not a piece of popcorn , it ’s not popping from the inside out .
It ’s more like a jawbreaker — as the water hits it , the hydration is in layers from the outside in .
You can continue to hydrate that jawbreaker down . ”
Image PEARLY WHITE
A concrete mix in sculptures on the Interstate 35W bridge in Minneapolis is designed to scrub staining pollutants from the air .
Credit ... Bill Alkofer for The New York Times
Just as a dose of brandy or other extra ingredient can improve a fruitcake , concrete can be modified by adding other materials and chemicals .
The recipes have become much more sophisticated , said Jay Shilstone , a concrete consultant in Plano , Tex .
The internet 's increasing appetite for electricity poses a major threat to companies such as Google , according to scientists and industry executives .
Leading figures have told the Guardian that many internet companies are struggling to manage the costs of delivering billions of web pages , videos and files online – in a " perfect storm " that could even threaten the future of the internet itself .
" In an energy - constrained world , we cannot continue to grow the footprint of the internet … we need to rein in the energy consumption , " said Subodh Bapat , vice - president at Sun Microsystems , one of the world 's largest manufacturers of web servers .
Bapat said the network of web servers and data centres that store online information is becoming more expensive , while profits come under pressure as a result of the recession .
" We need more data centres , we need more servers .
Each server burns more watts than the previous generation and each watt costs more , " he said .
" If you compound all of these trends , you have the perfect storm . "
With more than 1.5 billion people online around the world , scientists estimate that the energy footprint of the net is growing by more than 10 % each year .
This leaves many internet companies caught in a bind : energy costs are escalating because of their increasing popularity , while at the same time their advertising revenues come under pressure from the recession .
One site under particular scrutiny is YouTube — now the world 's third - biggest website , but one that requires a heavy subsidy from Google , its owner .
Although the site 's financial details are kept under wraps , a recent analysis by Credit Suisse suggested that it could lose as much as $ 470 m ( £ 317 m ) this year , as it succumbs to the high price of delivering power - intensive videos over the internet .
And while the demand for electricity is a primary concern , a secondary result of the explosion of internet use is that the computer industry 's carbon debt is increasing drastically .
From having a relatively small impact just a few years ago , it is now leapfrogging other sectors like the airline industry that are more widely known for their negative environmental impact .
However , tracking the growth of the internet 's energy use is difficult , since internal company estimates of power consumption are rarely made public .
" A lot of this internet stuff is fairly secretive , " Rich Brown , an energy analyst at the Lawrence Berkeley National Lab in California , told the Guardian .
" Google is probably the best example : they see it as a trade secret : how many data centres they have , how big they are , how many servers they have . "
One study by Brown , commissioned by the US environmental protection agency , suggested that US data centres used 61bn kilowatt hours of energy in 2006 .
That is enough to supply the whole of the UK for two months , and 1.5 % of the entire electricity usage of the US .
Brown said that despite efforts to achieve greater efficiency , internet use is growing at such a rate that it is outstripping technical improvements – meaning that American data centres could account for as much as 80bn kWh this year .
" Efficiency is being more than overwhelmed by continued growth and demand for new services , " he said .
" It 's a common story … technical improvements are often taken back by increased demand . "
Among the problems that could result from the internet 's voracious hunger for electricity are website failures and communications disruption costing millions in lost business every hour – as well as power cuts and brownouts at plants which supply data centres with electricity .
To combat this , initiatives are taking place across the industry to cope with the problem , including new designs for data centres , innovative cooling methods and more investment in renewable energy .
Researchers at Microsoft's £ 50 m research lab in Cambridge are even turning to older technology in an attempt to turn the clock back – by replacing energy - hungry new machines with the systems used in older , less powerful laptops .
" It turns out that those processors have been designed to be very energy efficient , basically to make batteries last , " said Andrew Herbert , the director of Microsoft Research Cambridge .
" We found we can build more energy - efficient data centres with those than with the kind of high performance processors you find in a typical server . "
Google was among the first internet companies to take action to reduce its footprint by developing its own data centres — but even though it pumped an estimated $ 2.3 bn into infrastructure projects last year , it remains unclear whether it is winning the battle .
The company 's vice - president of operations , Urs Hölzle , told the Guardian that it was struggling to contain energy costs .
" You have exponential growth in demand from users , and many of these services are free so you do n't have exponential growth of revenue to go with it , " he said .
" With good engineering we 're trying to make those two even out … but the power bill is going up . "
Despite mounting evidence that the internet 's energy footprint is in danger of running out of control , however , Hölzle dismissed concerns about the environmental impact of using the web as " overblown " .
" One mile of driving completely dwarfs the cost of a search , " he said .
" Internet usage is part of our consumption , just like TV is , or driving .
There is consumption there , but in the grand scheme of things I think it is not the problem . "
DEARBORN , Michigan ( Reuters ) - Ford Motor
Co will receive nearly $ 5.9 billion in U.S. government loans to build fuel - efficient vehicles as the Obama administration deepened its commitment to reshaping the cash - strapped auto industry .
Ford Motor Co. President and CEO Alan Mulally ( L ) raises his arms next to U.S. Department of Energy Secretary Steven Chu during a program to announce the first round of loan commitments to transform older factories during a news conference at the Ford Motor Research & Innovation Center in Dearborn , Michigan June 23 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Rebecca Cook
Japan ’s Nissan Motor Co Ltd will receive $ 1.6 billion and start - up Tesla Motors Inc will receive $ 465 million in low - cost loans to build all - electric cars in the first wave of financing from an Energy Department program intended to offset the cost meeting sharply higher new fuel economy standards .
“ By supporting key technologies and sound business plans , we can jump - start the production of fuel - efficient vehicles in America , ” Energy Secretary Steven Chu said at an event at Ford ’s sprawling engineering and product development campus .
“ These investments will come back to our country many times over by creating new jobs , reducing our dependence on oil , and reducing our greenhouse gas emissions , ” he said .
The Energy Department has $ 17 billion remaining in funding under a program first authorized by Congress in 2007 .
Chu said the agency would work quickly to approve further loans in the coming months to other auto companies .
The announcement of the first round of funding at Ford represented a win for the automaker , the United Auto Workers union and Michigan ’s congressional delegation after an intense lobbying effort to get the long - stalled funding approved .
One of the conditions of receiving the subsidized loans was a determination of viability .
That ruled out Ford ’s rivals Chrysler and General Motors Corp since they have been pushed through a federally funded bankruptcy process .
FORD’S BETTER IDEA
Ford will receive loans through 2011 to retool factories in Michigan , Ohio , Illinois , Kentucky and Missouri .
Part of the funding will cover the cost of converting two truck plants to make new small cars .
The loan is part of a $ 14 billion investment Ford plans in advanced technology vehicles over the next seven years .
The automaker hopes most of that will come from government loans .
Chu said the Obama administration was already in talks with Chrysler Group on new funding .
The No. 3 U.S. automaker , which is majority owned by a union health care trust , is operating under the management control of Italy ’s Fiat SpA .
Fiat has pledged to build a new small car at one of Chrysler ’s U.S. plants .
GM , which remains in Chapter 11 , has been having “ technical ” discussions with U.S. officials on its planned projects that could qualify for funding , Chu said .
GM plans to emerge from bankruptcy through a sale process similar to the one used at Chrysler .
The new GM will be majority owned by the U.S. Treasury .
“ There is money there -- I would n’t say set aside -- but we are trying to stretch these dollars as far as we can , ” Chu told reporters when asked about funding for GM and Chrysler .
Before Tuesday ’s announcement , the Obama administration had already committed almost $ 80 billion in emergency funding for the embattled U.S. auto industry .
That includes bankruptcy financing and other loans to GM and Chrysler , support for parts suppliers and an investment in GMAC LLC .
Ford is the only U.S. automaker that has not received bailout funding , opting to go it alone with a strategy of cutting labor costs in negotiations with the UAW and reducing debt through market transactions .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
Mulally said the government loans would help Ford transform its line - up to focus more on small cars , hybrids and pure electric - drive vehicles .
“ It will give us a competitive advantage in that we are making the vehicles that people really want and value , ” he said .
Nissan qualified for the loans because its Smyrna , Tennessee
plant is over 20 years old .
The Japanese automaker will use the funding to build a battery assembly facility and retool an existing line to build a new electric car starting in 2012 .
Tesla , based in San Carlos , California , will receive funds to bring its Model S battery - powered sedan to market .
The start - up markets an electric sports car for over $ 100,000 but plans to slash the cost of its second model -- a family sedan -- by almost half .
Founder Elon Musk , who has said Tesla could turn profitable by next month , called the federal funding a vote of confidence .
“ In order to put to rest any question of business viability we thought it was a pretty important thing to aspire to , ” he said .
“ Fortunately we ’ve been able to achieve it . ”
LOS ANGELES — Bloodied by Nintendo's runaway success , the other major gamemakers are attempting to leapfrog the Wii's innovative motion - sensitive controller with camera - based hardware that let players interact with games using nothing but their bodies .
" Camera " is the unlikely buzzword at this year 's Electronic Entertainment Expo videogame trade show :
The industry 's biggest players unveiled no fewer than three advanced , camera - based controllers designed to let gamers manipulate directly with videogame consoles , ushering in the next phase in the war for the living room .
On Monday , Microsoft showed its Project Natal , a controller that uses two cameras to track a player 's body movements in 3 - D space , allowing them to play games without holding a controller .
Later that day , game publisher Ubisoft said it would release a camera for its latest fitness game on Wii .
And Sony unveiled a work - in - progress device Tuesday that uses a Wii - style motion - sensing wand controller that is tracked by a camera .
All of this is in direct response to Nintendo 's massive success with the Wii's motion - sensing controller , an innovative piece of technology that helped catapult the gaming console to the top of the heap .
Not to be outdone , Nintendo made its new Wii MotionPlus attachment — which adds similar positional sensing capabilities , but without a camera — the focus of its E3 show .
What 's all the fuss about ?
Camera controls that sense a game player 's full body position are the next big thing in game control , says Ubisoft CEO Yves Guillemot .
" The enormous advantage of the 3 - D camera is that , if it 's powerful enough , it can give you the feeling that it 's you that 's on the screen , " he says .
If they work as advertised , these next - gen interfaces will do more than make videogames more engaging and fun to play .
By turning body movements into computer commands , camera - based sensor systems could revolutionize the way humans interact with machines .
" It ’s not about reinventing the wheel , " said movie - making legend Steven Spielberg , who took the stage Monday to throw his support behind Microsoft 's Project Natal as a key component that could transform the Xbox 360 into an interactive entertainment hub .
" It ’s about no wheel at all . "
Each of the company 's camera - based controllers offers a different experience .
Microsoft 's Natal is an effort to completely remove the physical controller from gameplay .
In the demonstration pictured above , players can bounce balls back at the screen , playing a wild game of handball just by swinging their arms , legs , torso — whatever .
The device has two cameras : a standard RGB camera that tracks your body 's movements and an infrared camera that watches your distance from the screen .
Using these two in combination lets games tell where you are in 3 - D space , not just on a flat plane .
The effect , at least in the brief hands - on demo Wired.com received at E3 , is both seamless and natural .
( Read our report : " Hands On : Milo and Kate , and Other Project Natal Games . )
Sony achieves similar effects with a different solution .
Its camera is already available — it 's a straightforward webcam - style accessory called PlayStation Eye .
The new wrinkle , as shown at Tuesday 's briefing , is an unnamed controller add - on that in its current prototype form looks like a Wii remote with a big glowing colored ball on the end .
The camera can track the position of the ball in 3 - D space , but it can also display an image of the player on the screen .
Since it knows exactly where the wand is , it can for example replace the image of the wand with anything else .
So you 're watching yourself on your TV screen , but where the wand should be , the PS3 is replacing it with a baseball bat , or a whip , or a sword , and it reacts according to your movements .
Microsoft did not give a date for Project Natal 's release ; we expect to see it next year .
Sony said it plans to release its controller in the spring .
Ubisoft , at its Monday briefing , said its camera would be the first to release , although that 's mostly because it's a straightforward 2 - D camera , much like Sony 's existing Eye .
However , Ubisoft 's Guillemot said that his company has been hard at work for more than a year creating games and experiments that use 3 - D camera controls like Microsoft 's and Sony's .
In fact , even prior to learning about these projects , Ubisoft has been anticipating the release of 3 - D camera controllers for some time , he said .
" We wanted to be in advance of other publishers in understanding what that technology would bring , when Microsoft , Sony or Nintendo came out with one , " he said .
" We worked a lot with the manufacturers of those types of cameras to learn what to do with them . "
Improving interfaces is key to getting more players involved in games , says Guillemot : " Everybody has the right to play . "
Giving gamers a deeper level of immersion with realistic body movements is n't just confined to cameras .
At Activision 's booth , pro skateboarder Tony Hawk was demonstrating Tony Hawk : Ride , a game that you control by pushing , kicking and leaning on a skateboard - shaped controller .
Hawk said that although the game 's designers had looked at using cameras for its control scheme , they decided having a physical board was important for a more realistic experience .
Although Microsoft is hoping the absence of a physical controller will appeal to those who are intimidated by gaming , longtime gamers seem reluctant to give up their controllers .
Neal Ronaghan , 21 , a college student from New Jersey , said he prefers Sony 's controller to Microsoft 's because of the physical interface .
" It 's all very cool , but I do n't know where the actual application for a game would work , " he says .
" ( Sony's ) sounds like it could go somewhere . "
Guillemot says that hard - core gamers will want the comfort of physical control .
Gamemakers wo n't be able to make hard - core experiences that use the camera all the time , he says , because gamers " do n't have a problem with ( traditional ) interfaces .
They are excellent at using the pad .
( Cameras ) could give them an option to be more in the action , moving around from time to time , but it should be 20 percent camera , 80 percent control pad . "
Indeed , between Microsoft and Sony , the only game ( as opposed to a technical demonstration ) announced at E3 that will use either controller was Milo and Kate , a game in which you interact with a lifelike 10 - year - old boy , talking to him via Project Natal 's microphone and playing catch with him using gestures .
( Lionhead Studios ' Peter Molyneux told Wired.com about this project in vague terms more than a year ago , calling it a " significant scientific achievement . " )
Having turned the gaming world on its head with the 2006 introduction of the original Wii remote control , Nintendo attempted to defend its position as the innovation leader with the $ 20 Wii Motion Plus , which adds position tracking ( the standard Wii remote can only measure its rotation , not position in space ) .
At E3 , Nintendo said it would push MotionPlus with a variety of major games , including the sequel to its hit Wii Sports as well as the next game in its epic Legend of Zelda series .
As for other games that will track every movement , every position of your body ?
Well , you 'll just have to wait for next year 's E3 .
( I ’ve just finished ringing up some items for a customer and her daughter . )
Me : “ It looks like your customer card is about to expire .
Would you like to renew it now ? ”
Customer : “ Yes , I would . ”
Me : “ Okay , just press the green button on the key pad . ”
( The total rings up as $ 24.32 . )
Customer : “ Okay , I want to pay cash . ”
Me : “ Okay … ”
( We stand there for a few seconds as the customer continues to stare at the total on the register . )
Customer : “ Well , what do I do ? ”
Customer ’s Daughter : “ Are you serious ? ”
Customer : “ Yeah , there is no cash button .
What do I do ? ”
Customer ’s Daughter : “ Mom . ”
Customer : “ What ? ”
Customer ’s Daughter : “ Hand the poor woman your cash . ”
Customer : * hands me cash * “ I ’m so sorry … I ’m used to the machine telling me what to do ! ”
Customer ’s Daughter : * to me * “ She ’s not too bright , but she is real pretty .
She ’ll probably die first when the Terminators come . ”
Customer : “ Smart a** ! ”
[ / caption ]
The Fermi Gamma-ray Telescope has found a new class of active galaxies with some of the fastest particles jets ever detected , accelerating particles near the speed of light .
Using Fermi’s Large Area Telescope ( LAT ) , astronomers detected gamma rays from a Seyfert 1 galaxy cataloged as PMN J0948+0022 , which lies 5.5 billion light - years away in the constellation Sextans .
Previously , it was know that two classes of active galaxies emitted gamma rays – blazars and radio galaxies .
“ With Fermi , we ’ve found a third — and opened a new window in the field , “ said Luigi Foschini at Brera Observatory of the National Institute for Astrophysics in Merate , Italy .
Active galaxies are those with unusually bright centers that show evidence of particle acceleration to speeds approaching that of light itself .
In 1943 , astronomer Carl Seyfert described the first two types of active galaxy based on the width of spectral lines , a tell - tale sign of rapid gas motion in their cores .
Today , astronomers recognize many additional classes , but they now believe these types represent the same essential phenomenon seen at different viewing angles .
At the center of each active galaxy sits a feeding black hole weighing upwards of a million times the sun ’s mass .
Through processes not yet understood , some of the matter headed for the black hole blasts outward in fast , oppositely directed particle jets .
For the most luminous active - galaxy classes — blazars — astronomers are looking right down the particle beam .
Foschini and his team split the light from PMN J0948 into its component colors , showing a spectrum with narrow lines , which indicated slower gas motions , arguing against the presence of particle jet .
“ But , unlike ninety percent of narrow - line Seyfert 1 galaxies , PMN J0948 also produces strong and variable radio emission , ” said Gino Tosti , who leads the Fermi LAT science group studying active galaxies at the University and National Institute of Nuclear Physics in Perugia , Italy .
“ This suggested the galaxy was indeed producing such a jet . ”
“ The gamma rays seen by Fermi ’s LAT seal the deal , ” said team member Gabriele Ghisellini , a theorist at Brera Observatory .
“ They confirm the existence of particle acceleration near the speed of light in these types of galaxies . ”
The findings will appear in the July 10 issue of The Astrophysical Journal .
“ We are sifting through Fermi LAT data for gamma rays from more sources of this type , ” Foschini said .
“ And we ’ve begun a multiwavelength campaign to monitor PMN J0948 across the spectrum , from radio to gamma rays . ”
Souce : NASA
Tips for Grilling Steaks
Are you tired of recipes that call for " The Juice of 1 Lime " when you only have bottled lime juice ?
Ca n't figure out how many onions you need to get " 2 Cups of Onion , Chopped " ?
Get the answers on your iPhone
or search " Produce Converter " in the App Store . or search " Produce Converter " in the App Store .
Salt and Pepper Before Grilling
Always Grill on High
Handle Grill Flare Ups
Finish Thick Steaks in the Oven
Get a Thermometer
What tips do you have for perfect grilling ?
Recent Blog Posts
MMany people ask me how I can cook steaks on the grill so consistently .
Here 's a few simpleso you can cook great steaks and impress your friends .
Always salt and pepper your steak before you put it on the grill .
The salt and pepper will help bring out the flavor of the meat .
Make sure your grill is set to the highest setting and the grating is very hot .
You can not get a good sear on your meat without it being very hot , especially if you want to get the coveted grill marks .
Some people wrongly assume that grill flare ups add flavor to the meat .
Flare ups actually burn the outside of the meat and add no flavor , just an unpleasant charcoal taste .
To handle flare ups you can keep a spray bottle filled with water next to the grill and just use it to put out and that you see .
If you are grilling a thick steak the inside will not be done when the outside is .
To help finish it off you can cook it in an over set to 350 or 400 .
This is actually what restaurants do .
Of course , if the steaks are all that you are grilling you can always turn the back burners off and move the steaks to the rear of the grill .
Then just close the lid and use the grill as an oven .
With practice you can determine the doneness of a steak just by pressing on it with your finger .
For the rest of us though investing in a good meat thermometer is key .
Be sure to never cut open our steak to determine doneness , this will let all the juices escape and dries out the meat .
Search RISKS
The RISKS Digest
Volume 25 Issue 69
Sunday , 24th May 2009
Forum on Risks to the Public in Computers and Related Systems
ACM Committee on Computers and Public Policy , Peter G. Neumann , moderator
Please try the URL privacy information features enabled by clicking the flashlight icon above .
They are described in the news page .
Please let the website maintainer know if you find this useful or not .
As a RISKS reader , you will probably not be surprised by what is revealed …
Contents
Another Boston subway crash with cell - phone implications
" Peter G. Neumann " < neumann@csl.sri.com >
At 7:18 pm on 8 May 2009 , one inbound subway train rear - ended another train in the Green Line in the Boston MBTA at 25 mph .
The driver of the offending train ( 24 - year - old Aiden or Aidan Quinn [ both spellings appear in the same article from the * EDGE * ] , who reportedly had three auto speeding violations ) was allegedly texting his girlfriend at the time .
49 passengers were injured and taken to the hospital , and three cars were crushed .
This incident followed another similar case in 2008 in which another driver had allegedly been on her cell phone just before that train collided with the preceding one .
[ Source : PGN - ed from various news reports .
Please browse the Web if want some of the background , which is way beyond the scope of RISKS . ]
HIV patients sue after records left on MBTA ( Elizabeth Cooney )
Monty Solomon < monty@roscom.com >
Four HIV - positive patients whose records were left behind on an MBTA train by a Massachusetts General Hospital employee are suing the hospital , contending their privacy was breached .
In March 2009 , the hospital notified 66 patients who received care at its Infectious Disease Associates outpatient practice that billing records bearing their names , Social Security numbers , doctors , and diagnoses had been lost by a manager who was riding the Red Line .
She had brought the paperwork home for the weekend , but left it on the train when she returned to work Monday morning , March 9 , according to a hospital security report .
[ Source : Elizabeth Cooney , HIV patients sue after records lost ; Hospital worker left files on MBTA , * The Boston Globe* , 21 May 2009 ]
http://www.boston.com/news/local/massachusetts/articles/2009/05/21/hiv_patients_sue_after_records_lost/
NZ bank lends $ 10 M instead of $ 10 K ; couple takes the money and runs
Ian Wells < familywells@gmail.com >
It is not public yet how this error occurred .
Couple is being charged with fraud , who decided to be fugitives when a bank error gave them a $ 10,000,000 loan instead of $ 6,000,000 .
http://www.stuff.co.nz/national/crime/2428243/Couple-missing-after-10m-bank-bungle
Ian Wells , Christchurch , New Zealand
Re : NY voter voted absentee , then died ; ballot ruled invalid ( R - 25.68 )
Paul Wallich < pw@panix.com >
It gets even more complicated than that .
In some jurisdictions , one actually votes during early voting ( at a machine or with whatever other tools the site uses ) , while in others one fills out what is effectively an absentee ballot and hands it to the clerk for storage until election day .
( In the latter case , there 's a double envelope , with the inner one unmarked and the outer one signed and named , and the name used by the clerk to cross a voter off the main register . )
So someone who voted early by machine and then died would have their vote count , whereas someone who voted by the accurately but oddly - named in - person absentee ballot could in principle be culled .
Here 's a case where reusing existing methods for a new purpose actually improves accuracy compared to inventing new methods .
Re : NY voter voted absentee , then died ; ballot ruled invalid ( R - 25.68 )
Harvey Fishman < fishman@panix.com >
> [ Source : Tiebreaking Vote Cast by Dead Man ; Runoff Required , AP item , PGN -ed .
I do not believe that we have in - person early voting in New York State .
Certainly we do not have it in New York City ( understandably , as polls are generally in places like schools which are dedicated to other uses except on election days ) , but I only assume that voting rules are state - wide .
[ Yes. PGN ]
Fragility of telephone system
Jim Haynes < jhhaynes@earthlink.net >
It 's now been a while since the fiber optic cable cuts in the S.F. Bay Area .
I 've been waiting for an explanation of why cutting 3 or 4 fiber cables completely killed telephone service in all or part of three counties .
SANS NewsBites gets it very wrong , fails to post a correction
Jonathan Kamens < jik@kamens.brookline.ma.us >
I thought the following might be of interest to RISKS readers , both because I 'm sure many of us also read ( http://www.sans.org/newsletters/newsbites/)
SANS NewsBites , and because this deals with misrepresenting computer - related risks in a very real way .
In a recent NewsBites issue ( 11.39 ) , the following item appeared as the headline story : > TOP OF THE NEWS > -- One In Five Teenagers Claim to Have Used Hacking Tools >( 15th May 2009 ) > A recent survey of 4,000 teenagers between the ages of 15 to 18 years > of age states that 17 % of those surveyed know how to find hacking tools > online with one third of that group admitting that they have used the > tools ....
In this little blurb , the editors of SANS make two statistical errors , one small and one very , very large .
Here 's the actual press release contents :
" The survey also revealed that 17 percent of adolescent users claim to have advanced technical knowledge and are able to find hacking tools on the Internet .
Of these , 30 percent claim to have used them on at least one occasion . "
The minor error is that 30 % is less than one third .
While a 3.33 % difference might seem insignificant , it 's little " telephone - game " changes like this that over time result in seriously divergences from reality .
Note that one of the articles which SANS cited used the phrase " nearly a third , " which is accurate , and SANS apparently saw fit to drop the " nearly . "
The second , much more serious error , is that the percentage of teenagers who admitted that they have used the tools is not " one in five , " but rather 30 % of 17 % , which comes out to 5 % , or ONE IN TWENTY , a huge difference from what SANS reported .
I emailed the editors of SANS the same day this issue came out , pointed out both errors , and asked them to post a correction .
The next issue was published three days later with no correction included .
This is rather unfortunate .
I find it just a bit disturbing that none of the editors of NewsBites , supposedly experts in the field , found the " one in five " statistic sufficiently surprising to dig deeper and discover the truth of the matter .
I certainly did .
Rupert Moss - Eccardt < r.moss-eccardt@computer.org >
I must say I was surprised to see the assertion that the Nielsen server failures were directly attributable to the outsourcing .
Firstly , I thought this was a moderated list and the assertion is a rather bald one .
Secondly , and this is more of a risk , it appears from this and the comments posted to The New York Times article referenced that the real problem was that Nielsen had a set of systems with no real business continuity .
According to former staff , if the comments are to be believed , the systems were fragile enough to be prone to failure if not cared for in special ways that were n't documented fully , or at all .
[ Rupert , Many TNX for the comment .
PGN ]
How to make memorable but secure passwords
phil colbourn < philcolbourn@gmail.com >
Some people , perhaps most , have a system for making passwords .
Some systems involve the use of the same password everywhere - easy to remember but if discovered their online life is easily accessed .
Others have different passwords and write them down .
My system is to maintain long , virtually unique passwords which I never need to commit them to paper or electronic note .
My goals are : * at least 8 characters * the use uppercase , lowercase , digits and symbols / punctuation * the discovery of the system should not compromise my passwords * no need to record any password * be able to quickly work - out my password for any site The System *
Make up a memorable code with preferably uppercase , lowercase , numbers and symbols / punctuation .
*
For each site , consistently use some aspect of the site such as 3 or 4 letters / numbers of the site URL - modified in some systematic way - and add it to your memorable code .
Add it using any rule you like .
There is a problem with this system : sometimes sites change their name which , for me , has happened once .
In this case I have not needed to change my password but since most sites will send your password to you , should you forget , you can easily have your old password recovered and then you can change your password - it does n't happen often .
Examples Assume your memorable code is Ab19#z .
Example 1 : Use the first , second , second - last and last characters of the site , added in reverse order , first and last capitalized , insert after the 4th character of your memorable code .
So a password for google.com would be Ab19 EloG #z .
And for ibm.com it could be Ab19 MbbI #z .
( You should have some way to handle site names that ' fail ' your system or require longer passwords than that of your system ) .
Example 2 : Insert the memorable code into the first and last characters of the site name .
So the password for google.com would be gAb19 #ze .
It goes without saying ( hopefully ) that you should make up your own system and you should probably not use my examples .
Ideas : * Consider using the organisation type or country code .
* Consider using multiple systems .
One for important sites and a simpler system for ad - hoc , single - use and other sites not containing personal data * Consider a version of the system for your home PC accounts
Your should assume that your system could be discoverable , so you need to choose a memorable code that is secure by itself .
If you want to document your system , do so with care .
You should not write it down verbatim - try to obscure it ;-)
Re : A Lesson in Internet Anatomy : The World 's Densest Meet - Me Room
< jidanni@jidanni.org >
" without incurring local loop fees " mentioned in http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Meet-me-room is a factor encouraging putting so many eggs in one basket Re : http://catless.ncl.ac.uk/Risks/25.68.html#subj5.1
Re : FAA ATC shutdown ( Kaiser , RISKS - 25.67 )
" Walter Roberson " < roberson@hushmail.com >
Pete Kaiser , in suggesting reasons why IT might be bad in government , including the possibility of " where underfunded entities are asked to perform miracles on inadequate budgets " .
I used to be a systems administrator for a government ( outside the USA ) in an underfunded situation .
I instrumented and measured and compared published Fortunate 500 surveys : our 2/3 - person equivalent networking staff was achieving uptimes slightly better than the average 12 - person dedicated network staff reported for the F500 companies — and was doing so with equipment that was mostly already declared End Of Life by the respective manufacturers .
We worked , underfunded , in government , but we were quite dedicated — as were the co-workers in other sites that I interacted with .
FAA ATC shutdown & Gov't IT Competence ( Kaiser , RISKS - 25.67 ) .
" Chris Drew " < e767pmk@yehaa.co.uk >
> Businesses have many ways of concealing their IT incompetence that are n't > available to government , especially the option of simple secrecy ; and we > write our laws to protect ( if not always guarantee ) their ability to make a > profit even when they screw up .
Yebbut ...
As I see it from a UK perspective : * If a company 's IT project is ineffective or costs too much it will damage the company financially and may even put it out of business .
In the case of a Government IT project , it can throw taxpayers ' money at it until it either works , sort - of , or it is quietly abandoned ( or dies of shame ) .
*
If a company 's customers or suppliers feel that the company is storing or using their information improperly , they can take their business elsewhere .
Citizens do n't have any choice about dealing with and handing data to the Government .
*
If a company 's IT project violates laws concerning , say , data protection or security of storage , then the company will likely find itself in big legal trouble .
If a Government IT project is illegal ..?
Well there may be some sound and fury , but that 's as far as it goes ( e.g. " Private details / UK Government disks " saga , RISKS - 24.92 on ) .
Looks to me like the nature of RISKS of IT projects can vary a lot depending on who is the final customer and who is paying the bill .
Re : FAA ATC shutdown ( Gorman , RISKS - 25.66 )
" Gene S. Berkowitz " < first.last@verizon.net >
" The cheapest and most effective remedy for induced anxiety is to ignore those who profit from it .
Easily spotted , they are the ones who continue to repeat what has been soundly discredited in the course of the public debate , and those who continue to grossly misrepresent the true state of affairs . "
Linda Gorman , Independence Institute , Golden , CO , Extremists Create Stress for Gain , 21 Mar 2000 .
http://www.i2i.org/main/article.php?article_id=294
Methinks Ms. Gorman should heed her own advice .
Re : FAA ATC shutdown ( Cohen , RISKS - 25.68 )
" Al MacIntyre " < macwheel99@wowway.com >
Subject : Is " security through obscurity " being called for in RISKS ? >
It is important for government to be open to the people in identifying > problems , but some stuff needs to be kept confidential from potential > trouble makers .
The IG report included a road map to what security has been installed , what has not been installed , what vulnerabilities exist , at which FAA sites , and what any troublemakers can do right now .
If the FAA ever gets caught up implementing standard security advice and patches , the security will be pretty darn good , but based on past track records , that may be a fantasy .
The purpose of the inspection was to identify what needed to be fixed , but we know darn well that with government inspections that it can be years between problems identified , and them actually getting fixed .
Before the report , I am sure many troublemakers already knew this stuff .
After the report , an army of me - toos also know .
The effect , of the IG report , included magnifying the risk the FAA has put itself into .
It would be like you having a combination lock to your front door , and that combination being blasted on the Internet .
Previously , the only people who knew the combination , were you , your family , some friends , some of their friends , some frequent vendors , and whoever has the hidden camera pointed at the touch pad where the secret pin code is keyed in .
In your case , changing the password is fast & easy .
The FAA does not have the funds , or expertise , to fix their almost total lack of cyber security .
We are going to lose some aircraft full of passengers before this gets fixed .
Thanks to the IG report , this will happen sooner rather than later .
I think that all * we * the people need to know is that hackers can take over 99 % of the Air Traffic Control in America , take down 75 % of the public utilities , whatever the figures are , without spelling out step by step how to do it , for the next home grown idiot terrorists who right now can be caught by FBI confidential informant witnesses , but with this kind of report , do n't need to use communications tapped by NSA to implement a plot .
Re : FAA ATC shutdown ( MacIntyre , RISKS - 25.69 )
Fred Cohen < fc@all.net >
I think that security through obscurity is a key component of the overall security plan of any real enterprise .
I just get a bit annoyed when people act like it 's somehow inappropriate to have / use it .
Operations Security is all about deciding when and how to use obscurity , and deception is a part and parcel of any really good overall protection program I have seen .
Fred Cohen & Associates 572 Leona Drive Livermore , CA 94550 http://all.net/
1-925-454-0171
Re : On Government IT competence ( Miller , RISKS - 25.68 )
PK < djc@resiak.org >
Scott Miller 's note is a partisan rant which , arguably , belongs in part in RISKS as commentary on what belongs in RISKS .
Its partisanship lies where it departs from fact , and from informed technical opinion , to express unsupported political opinion about the motivation of US political parties .
( I use " partisan " here not in the narrow context of a particular two American political parties , but in its wide sense . )
Here 's a factual question related to RISKS in computing , one I touched in light of my own experience : is government — not just US government — worse at computing than private industry ?
( Not in my experience . )
I 'd welcome seeing some good data , though it's hard to imagine what it would be in light of the complexity of how large organizations actually operate , and of the large differences among businesses , and agencies of government , and governments , and fields of endeavor .
>
Further , how is the opinion expressed in Ms. Gorman 's post less > appropriate to this list than the many others that I have read here on > various topics suggesting that government is uniquely competent ?
Unsupported opinion that government is uniquely [ in ] competent at technical work is as worthless as any unsupported opinion , and is n't a risk of computing .
Let 's go elsewhere for our unsupported opinion .
I 'd prefer it to be omitted from discussion here , or perhaps presented only as speculation when accompanied by facts that relate to risks of computing .
Miss Gorman 's examples also fail the sniff test , in a partisan way .
>
Electronic voting systems are IT projects largely contracted by > government exclusively to favored private ( some would write > " mercantilist " ) contractors ( Diebold , Sequoia , etc . )
What does " contracted " mean here ?
I take it as a weasel word .
Are current commercial electronic voting products designed and developed under contract to governments with accountability to the contractor ?
Or are they simply commercial products developed and sold , in the usual way , to meet a perceived market among public officials ignorant or desperate enough to be induced to buy them ?
In this venue I believe we know how badly most electronic voting products fail important criteria that representative governments should attend to for voting .
We — the world , not just the USA — are only now undertaking serious discussion of what we need for non-paper balloting to be useful and trustworthy .
My final point was , of course , to say that we need n't go far to find atrociously bad software , some of it in very wide use , that was inarguably developed entirely by private industry .
e Crime Researchers Summit CFP
Monty Solomon < monty@roscom.com >
The fourth annual APWG eCrime Researchers Summit will be hosted in Oct 2009 , in Tacoma , WA .
Original papers on all aspects of electronic crime are solicited for submission to eCrime '09 .
Topics of relevance include but are not limited to : * Phishing , rogue - AV , pharming , click - fraud , crimeware , extortion and emerging attacks .
* Technical , legal , political , social and psychological aspects of fraud and fraud prevention .
* Malware , botnets , ecriminal / phishing gangs and collaboration , or money laundering .
* Techniques to assess the risks and yields of attacks and the success rates of countermeasures .
* Delivery techniques , including spam , voice mail and rank manipulation ; and countermeasures .
* Spoofing of different types , and applications to fraud .
* Techniques to avoid detection , tracking and takedown ; and ways to block such techniques .
* Honeypot design , data mining , and forensic aspects of fraud prevention .
* Design and evaluation of user interfaces in the context of fraud and network security .
*
Best practices related to digital forensics tools and techniques , investigative procedures , and evidence acquisition , handling and preservation .
http://www.ecrimeresearch.org/2009/cfp.html
Search RISKS
Please report problems with the web pages to the maintainer
Top
For the first time , an image of a memory being made at the cellular level has been captured by scientists .
The image shows that proteins are created at connections between brain cells when a long - term memory is formed .
Neuroscientists had suspected as much , but had n't been able to see it happening until now .
The experiment also revealed some surprising aspects of memory formation , which remains a somewhat mysterious process .
Kelsey Martin , a biochemist at the University of California , Los Angeles , and colleagues investigated memory formation in neurons from the sea slug Aplysia californica , a good model for brain cells in other organisms , including humans .
The researchers exposed the neurons to the chemical serotonin , which has been shown to stimulate memory formation ( this discovery won Eric Kandel and collaborators the Nobel Prize in 2000 ) .
But in a new twist , the scientists devised a way to determine whether any new proteins were created when the memory was made .
The researchers used a fluorescent protein that can change from green to red when exposed to ultraviolet light .
They flashed the cells with light , so that any proteins that already existed turned red .
But when the scientists induced the cells to form memories , they saw new green proteins appear under the microscope .
" One distinction between short - term and long - term memory is this requirement for making new proteins , " said co-investigator Wayne Sossin , a neuroscientist at McGill University in Montreal .
" To make it last you do need protein synthesis . "
While the details are n't clear , scientists suspect that the new proteins help strengthen synapses , which are the connections between neurons .
" Most neuroscientists believe that memories occur when you change the strength of synaptic connections , " Sossin told LiveScience .
" In terms of what actually happens when you make a memory , there are a number of different models for how that increase happens . "
One of the surprising revelations of the new study is that more regions of RNA , a protein - building instruction manual similar to DNA , are required to form the new proteins than previously thought .
The researchers also saw that both sides of the synapse ( called the pre- and post- sides ) are involved in forming the memory , rather than just one , as some experts thought .
" That was sort of surprising , " Martin said in a phone interview .
" What 's really different here is being able to look at a memory being formed at the level of individual synapses . "
Scientists still want to understand more about how our brains translate memories made on the go into long - term storage .
Since synapses are connections between cells , experts think that fortifying these connections , or perhaps even making new ones , helps our minds associate different ideas and form memories of connected events .
He may be dead now , I do n’t know .
He should have been dead long ago , but these early boomers , born in California , have many lives .
From some angles ,
Alex ’s life was clear proof of what spoiled , invincible brats they were , the ungrateful beneficiaries of hippie primogeniture .
I remember him sitting in the little room his wife had assigned him in their hilltop mansion , his “ study . ”
What Alex studied , mainly , was how to get more crack and get more blowjobs from prostitutes on his nightly forays into West Oakland .
His wife –let ’s call her “ Elaine ” –came in without knocking while Alex was whining about his misfortunes , between big puffs .
She just popped in to ask him to take care of their daughter while she went off to do some chore for the underprivileged .
I thought it was the end of the world : the pipe still in Alex ’s hand , the little room full of the hot exhale of crack .
Alex barely went through the motion of putting the pipe in the open drawer of his desk .
But she did n’t notice a thing .
Elaine was like that , a very successful person and as thick as an L. Ron Hubbard hardbound .
That was part of the pleasant bitterness of visiting their modest palace on Grizzly Peak : listening in a kind of disgusted awe to the stupid things Elaine would say as she bustled around her uncomfortable kitchen –that cost more than I made in a year–or perched briefly on one of their peasant chairs–so peasanty it would have paid my rent for a few months .
Elaine was a constant reminder that in these parts , the race goeth not to the swift but to the …I was n’t so clear about what it was that made her so perfect for the place .
Being born the daughter of a billionaire helped , of course .
Elaine ’s family owned Kansas City .
Her father had built the stadium there .
His big break , Alex told me , was when he realized he was supposed to get a prostitute for the client who could sign off on a big project .
Lesson learned , Dad went on to hire many a prostitute for many a client , accumulate unthinkable riches .
and keep the dynasty alive with two sons , E - gulping entrepreneurs both , and Elaine .
She was the family ’s tithe to virtue–and she knew it .
Alex , always good at catching and disseminating the worst moments of his nearest and dearest , told me he was watching The Last Temptation of Christ as Elaine zipped through the house between do - gooderies , and she happened to flit by the screen as Jesus was saying , “ Let him who is without sin cast the first stone .
”
He said Elaine remarked , without breaking stride , “ I ’ve never sinned . ”
He told me that story in his study , as he sucked on his crack pipe .
( He had it to himself ; I hate that stuff . )
He gave his bitter little laugh .
I laughed with him , uneasily –the envious goy , steeped in self - hatred , taking it for granted as the basis of any decency , at once disgusted and awed by Elaine ’s obviously adaptive sinlessness .
Of course , it was a matter of definition .
Elaine did virtuous things so terrible in their effects that I still wince to remember them .
She was a leading pro-bono lawyer ( it ’s not as if she needed to practice for the money ) , working for the disabled , the disenfranchised , the dis - whatever .
You live in Berkeley long enough , you develop an allergy for all those pious latinates , they blur in the same squished mass of numb piety pressing on the top of your head .
One of Elaine ’s crusades was “ mainstreaming ” retarded kids .
In the Oakland School District .
If you ’d ever been to the kind of school non-billionaires attend , the idea of taking those poor sweet Down ’s Syndrome gnomes and throwing them into the pit with pubescent weasels honing their torture skills seemed downright Satanic .
I ventured to suggest as much , politely , and managed to stop her in mid-stride .
She stared at me in shock and said indignantly , “ It ’s a CONSTITUTIONAL issue ! ” I nodded and dropped the matter , but I ’m still not sure how being terrorized from Homeroom to you can find refuge on the little yellow bus for the ride home , five days a week , was what the Founding Fathers had in mind for those poor puppies .
Come to think of it , Elaine could easily have moved on to abolish the little yellow bus for those kids , ensuring they had their equal place on the big prison buses where the normal Oakland kids rode .
That would have added a good hour a day to their constitutionally - ordained Hell .
It ’s possible she actually did some good along the line .
I ’m probably being very unfair here .
But that ’s Berkeley ; you become so accustomed to pious lies that you fall into the habit of flipping every public assertion .
It went without saying that Emily , Elaine and Alex ’s daughter , would never attend Oakland Public Schools .
She was already enrolled at the Berkeley Richmond Jewish Community Center Preschool , one of three dozen reverently nurtured future achievers .
That was part of my nervous bitter laughing with Alex , too : the feckless goy friend sharing his half - admiring exclusion from all that Jewish achievement .
Alex was never sure he was a Jew .
It depended on how he could play it in a more maudlin way .
In theory , that meant being as Jewish as possible –the Buchenwald pathos–but Alex was too smart to do the hack version of that .
In the world we knew , Jews won .
Elaine had picked Alex to sire a child with her only after verifying certain things about him , above all that he was , in her terms , Jewish .
Which he was , because he was born of a Jewish mother .
From Alabama , for some weird reason .
Alex was the product of her affair with a redneck Army man named Thacker who left as soon as the infant Alex started bawling .
Mom raised
Alex herself , enrolling him in those same very mainstream Oakland public schools before going insane .
Alex used to recite one of his early poems with the refrain , “ Just take the pills , Ma . ”
Political winds shift in favor of legalized pot MARIJUANA
Richard Lee , president of Oaksterdam University , monitors the growth of a marijuana crop at the school 's indoor growing lab in Oakland , Calif. , on Friday , April 10 , 2009 .
Richard Lee , president of Oaksterdam University , monitors the growth of a marijuana crop at the school 's indoor growing lab in Oakland , Calif. , on Friday , April 10 , 2009 .
Photo : Paul Chinn , The Chronicle Photo : Paul Chinn , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Political winds shift in favor of legalized pot 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
Marijuana has been a part of the American cultural landscape for nearly a century , tried by millions - including , apparently , the last three presidents and the current California governor .
So why has it taken so long to arrive at a political moment of truth - a full national debate about the legalization , taxation and regulation of cannabis ?
Experts say an unprecedented confluence of factors might finally be driving a change on a topic once seen as politically too hot to handle .
Among them : the recession - fueled need for more public revenue , increased calls to redirect scarce law enforcement , court and prison resources , and a growing desire to declaw powerful and violent Mexican drug cartels .
Also in the mix is a public opinion shift driven by a generation of Baby Boomers , combined with some new high - profile calls for legislation - including some well - known conservative voices joining with liberals .
Leading conservatives like former Secretary of State George Shultz and the late economist Milton Friedman years ago called for legalization and a change in the strategy in the war on drugs .
This year mainstream pundits like Fox News ' Glenn Beck and CNN's Jack Cafferty have publicly questioned the billions spent each year fighting the endless war against drugs and to suggest it now makes more financial and social sense to tax and regulate marijuana .
" It 's a combination of all these things coming together at once and producing that ' aha ' moment , " said Bruce Mirken , spokesman for the Marijuana Policy Project , who for years has monitored the wavering political winds on the subject .
He says so much has changed in recent months that " for the first time in my adult lifetime , it looks possible . "
" If you 'd asked me 10 years ago - or three years ago - I would have said it will be a long , slow slog , " he said .
" And now , it looks like it might happen faster than any of us believed . "
President Obama recently took a prime - time news conference question on marijuana legalization - and laughingly sidestepped the question .
But among the very serious items driving the public debate is California Assemblyman Tom Ammiano 's bill to tax and regulate the drug - an idea that polls suggest is no longer out of the mainstream .
The findings of a February Rasmussen poll showed 40 percent of Americans support legalizing the drug , with 46 percent opposed and 14 percent unsure .
54 % in state favor legalization
A new California poll by Oakland EMC Research specifically tracked state voters ' attitudes on marijuana use , taxation and legalization .
Alex Evans , president and founder of EMC , said his firm has done the same study for years for Oaksterdam University , an Oakland medical marijuana dispensary and education group , but 2009 marks the first time the poll showed that a clear majority of state voters , 54 percent , say the drug should be legalized , compared with 39 percent opposed .
( The poll of 551 likely voters was taken March 16 - 21 and has a margin of error of 4.2 percentage points . )
" Part of the explanation is people 's good feelings about medical marijuana , " he said .
" It 's demonstrated that it can work .
People are growing in confidence that we can continue to make it more legal . "
The shift appears to be driven by aging Baby Boomers ' " own personal experience with cannabis , " he said , especially their growing belief that " there 's not much difference between that and alcohol ... it is leading them to support more of a tax - and - regulate attitude . "
Some see pot as gateway drug
Opponents of legalization have long expressed concerns , saying that making marijuana legal will compound substance abuse problems , that it is a gateway drug that leads to use of harder drugs and that legalization would send the wrong message to children .
But Democratic state Sen. Mark Leno of San Francisco , who supports Ammiano 's effort , says that in a state racked by a $ 42 billion deficit - where marijuana is also now ranked as the largest cash crop - it is " completely reasonable and sensible " to take another look .
" To continue to outlaw it and not tax it is really to keep one 's head in the sand , as if we can pretend and it will go away , " he said .
" Minimally , I 'm hoping we take a look at the billions of dollars we 've spent on the war on drugs :
Have we gotten our money 's worth ? "
Already , some localities are exploring that issue - and whether they can get their money 's worth from rethinking cannabis legislation .
Marijuana as industry
Voters in Oakland , a city crippled by a $ 65 million deficit , could soon decide whether to approve a hike in the business tax of as much as 10 times the current rate for medical marijuana dispensaries , an idea advanced by City Councilwoman Rebecca Kaplan .
She co-authored the voter - approved Measure Z , which makes cannabis the lowest law enforcement priority in the city and mandates that Oakland tax and regulate the drug as soon as possible under state law .
Richard Lee , the director of Oaksterdam University , said the keen interest in possible new revenue from cannabis sales was underscored when he was recently asked to testify to Oakland officials on the matter " in front of the finance committee ... not health and safety . "
Lee said his own thriving multi-faceted enterprise , a national spearhead in what is increasingly being called the " cannabis industry , " dramatizes exactly the potential for those revenues .
Oaksterdam operates four medical marijuana dispensaries and a score of busy related downtown businesses - including an Amsterdam - style coffee shop , an educational facility offering popular 13 - week marijuana cultivation courses , a bike rental shop , a gift shop , a glass blowing facility for making pipes , a marijuana nursery and a media company that produces publications like West Coast Cannabis magazine .
Business is booming .
' We have to prove ourselves '
Still , politicians on both sides of the aisle have been wary of aligning themselves with marijuana advocates , and " we have to prove ourselves , " Lee said .
But it appears the movement 's advocates have learned some political lessons since the ' 70s , when the Woodstock generation thrived .
In the 21st century , Lee said , the message of the marijuana movement is " about less government ... and more jobs , taxes and tourism . "
May 14 , 2009  --
An ongoing class - action trial against Merck & Co. has included claims of a series of controversial marketing techniques that have roiled the international science community -- including the creation of phony medical journals full of previously published studies favorable to Merck 's drugs .
The trial in Australia , one of many held worldwide over Merck 's recalled drug Vioxx , has opened what plaintiffs call a trove of internal material from the company related to how it promoted the blockbuster arthritis drug that , before its recall in 2004 , generated more than $ 2 billion in sales a year .
Vioxx has been linked to many thousands of strokes and heart attacks including , plaintiffs claim , those of some 1,000 Australians , according to court documents .
The plaintiffs in the case have presented evidence revealing a range of sales tactics , from a bizarre motivational Vioxx music video for the sales staff set to the melody of Ricky Martin 's " She Bangs " to an internal Merck list of physicians with " anti-Merck " medical views to be " neutralized . "
But the news that the renowned scientific publisher Elsevier produced Merck - sponsored publications designed to look like independent scientific journals , with names such as " The Australasian Journal of Bone and Joint Medicine , " has led to some of the most far - reaching professional fallout from the trial .
Elsevier disclosed six other phony " Australasian Journals " last week .
Scientific journals are supposed to be doctors ' independent , non-biased source of the latest information about diseases and drugs .
Both journals and drug companies such as Merck publically agree to follow international ethics committees ' guidelines to keep the information in journals unbiased .
Just last April , the elite Journal of the American Medical Association published an editorial calling for universal reform in drug company collaborations with scientists , in light of evidence admitted in similar Vioxx class action lawsuits .
The authors claimed that the New Jersey - based drug company " manipulated " vital safety details about Vioxx before submitting articles for peer review and paid doctors to act as " ghostwriters " for articles produced mostly by Merck employees .
But this case is the first to allege that a drug maker has tried to co-opt the peer reviewed medical journal process by creating their own journals .
Some of the doctors listed as honorary board members for The Australasian Journal of Bone and Joint Medicine have said they never agreed to be part of the so - called journal and were never given any articles to review .
The Scientist magazine has obtained two of the phony journals here , and here .
" I saw a copy of it years ago , somewhere , and I saw my name on it , " said Dr. Ego Seeman , professor of medicine at the University of Melbourne at Austin Health .
" The pure fact that my name was on it without me being contacted , invited or involved was very upsetting . "
Discovering a Bogus Medical Journal
Seeman said he twice called the editor listed on the publication to get his name off of the journal , and he called to warn one of his colleagues he saw on the list of honorary editorial board members : Dr. Philip Sambrook , who is the president of the Australian and New Zealand Bone and Mineral Society .
" I was never invited to be on the advisory committee .
It was never made known to me directly that I was on it .
I was never consulted about the scientific content or its validity , " said Seeman .
" They just put my name on it , boom . "
Dr. James Bertouch , chairman of rheumatology at Sydney 's Prince of Wales Hospital , told of surprise and confusion at discovering his name on The Australasian Journal of Bone and Joint Medicine to the Australian Federal Court on last week , according to reporting by The Australian .
The journals listed subscription charges , distribution to doctors and listed editorial staff , yet published no original content , did no new peer reviews , and printed no mention of Merck for several years of the publication .
The journals also displayed the imprint of a branch of Elsevier , Excerpta Medica .
Elsevier , the world 's largest publisher of medical journals , also reacted with anger at the news .
" We think this practice is wrong and we 're doing everything that we possibly can to make sure it does n't happen again , " said Tom Reller , director of corporate relations at Elsevier .
Reller said what was contained in the Australasian Journal of Bone and Joint Medicine is usually found in so - called " article compilation products " -- essentially marketing materials printed to inform doctors about a specific topic .
" Article compilation products are quite common , but they have to disclose the sponsor and they should n't be called ' Journals of . '
That absolutely should not have happened , " said Reller .
Trying to Fix Drug - Company Influence Over Medicine
Elsevier has started a company - wide investigation of its 2,000 scientific journals and the much smaller commercial reprint division to see whether other fakes were published .
Merck , which has been inundated with suits over Vioxx , declined to elaborate on the journals , referring questions to Elsevier .
Ronald Rogers , a Merck spokesman , said in an e-mail that " sometimes in high - visibility litigation , information is taken out of context and misstatements end up in the press . "
The plaintiffs in the Australian class action suit have also entered into evidence an internal Merck document that lists leading doctors and researchers with notes on their potential for prescribing Vioxx or speaking about the drug .
Pharma companies routinely pay doctors to speak about their drugs to other professionals .
Notes on a prominent Philadelphia rheumatologist , listed him as " Not quite anti-Merck ; major advocate for Searle / Pfizer ... willingness to speak for Merck when VIOXX is launched ; however , suspicious of his relationship of the Searle / Pfizer camp . "
Then , underneath the doctor 's name on the memo submitted at trial , is printed " NEUTRALIZED " in bold letters .
The plaintiff testimony claims that the term " neutralize " meant to discredit these doctors .
But Rogers in the e-mail said " neutralizing " meant " providing the physician with scientific data in the hope of bringing a physician who is an advocate of a competing medication back to a neutral position . "
" ' Neutralized ' means simply that the information has been provided , " he wrote .
Of Merck 's actions on Vioxx , Rogers said , " We believe that our strategy and our actions have been responsible ... our strategy has been consistent from day one .
What 's at Stake in the Vioxx Testimony
Merck 's Vioxx sales strategy ended when the company withdrew the painkiller from the U.S. market in September 2004 , citing safety concerns that the drug increased the risk for heart attacks and strokes .
In the years since Vioxx prescriptions stopped , Merck has defended thousands of civil cases charging that the drug company was responsible for heart attacks -- losing some key billion - dollar claims but winning others , according to reporting by the New York Times .
Seeman said he 's just happy that the phony journals have been exposed .
But he also notes that such a marketing strategy threatened an intangible yet crucial commodity in his field : reputation of scientific integrity .
" Having my name there [ on the board ] makes me indirectly responsible for the validity of the content .
It 's a gross abuse , " he said .
" Among scientists , the most important thing that we have is the credibility with our peers , " said Seeman .
What Merck did is " careless ... it 's showing no care or respect for the scientists ' need for independence and credibility . "
The Australian trial , which began in Melbourne on March 30 , continues .
Published online 9 March 2009 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2009.145
News
Forensic tool could help catch criminals .
The scientists were able to predict blue or brown eye colour with unprecedented accuracy .
Corbis
Police might soon be able to tell the eye colour of criminals from DNA recovered from crime scenes , thanks to a new genetic study .
A team of scientists led by Manfred Kayser , of Erasmus University Medical Centre in Rotterdam , has developed a method that predicts eye colour with unprecedented accuracy .
The method could also be used on ancient DNA to profile early modern humans or even Neanderthals .
And as eye colour is determined by many genes , the work also raises hopes for predictive genetic tests for diseases that are influenced by numerous genes , such as heart disease .
Kayser 's team looked at DNA from more than 6,000 , Dutch Europeans from Rotterdam .
About 68 % of these people had blue eyes , whereas around 23 % had brown eyes .
The researchers focused on eight genes known to be associated with eye colour .
These genes code for proteins involved in the production or distribution of the iris , skin , and the hair pigments eumelanin and pheomelanin .
The strongest effect on eye colour is determined by two adjacent genes , OCA2 and HERC2 , on chromosome 15 , but these do n't paint the full picture .
Kayser 's team zeroed in on 37 sites of genetic variation in the eight genes .
These sites — called single nucleotide polymorphisms ( SNPs ) — are points where one of the four letters in the DNA code of chemical bases is substituted for another .
Colour code
The scientists used powerful mathematical algorithms to find the smallest subset of these SNPs that could be used to predict eye colour accurately and found six that predicted blue and brown eye colour with just over 90 % accuracy .
The team report their work in Current Biology1 .
The accuracy of the test was lower — just over 70 % — for eyes of other colours .
Most people have brown or blue eyes , with blue the dominant colour for those with roots in Northern Europe but brown predominating among those with ancestors from Southern Europe or from elsewhere in the world .
So far , the test has been shown to be accurate only for Dutch people of European ancestry .
Further work would be needed before the test could be used in other countries .
The best predictive tests to date have only had an accuracy of around 80 % , Kayser says .
" That 's not bad but it is not accurate enough for forensics , " he says .
The Netherlands Forensic Institute plans to use the new method in forensic case work within a year .
Dutch laws allow use of DNA to predict eye colour .
But Kayser notes that many countries would have to change their legislation to allow the test to be used in forensic applications .
Forensic geneticist Peter de Knijff , of the Netherland 's Leiden University Medical Center , says that the results will spur the race to develop more reliable genetic tests for hair and skin colour .
" Those three — eye colour , hair colour , skin colour — combined with a rather accurate global test for the inference of the geographical origin of an individual will probably be built into a general package that you could use to get information about an unknown suspect , " he says .
The method could , in theory , also be used to predict the eye colour of a fetus — fuelling fears about ' designer ' babies .
" That would have different ethical and legal implications , " Kayser stresses .
From Think Progress :
On Saturday , Pat Buchanan hosted a conference to discuss how Republicans can regain a majority in America .
During one discussion , panelists suggested supporting English - only initiatives as a prime way of attracting " working class white Democrats . "
The discussion ridiculed Judge Sotomayor for the fact that she studied children ’s classics to improve her grammar while attending college .
The panelists also suggested that , without English as the official language , President Obama would force Americans to speak Spanish .
Keep ridiculing Sotomayor , Pat .
But I 'm sure she could spell " conference " correctly ( not to mention knowing the proper place for scare quotes ) .
And yes , the more you ridicule her ( and demonize Latinos ) , the most we see this :
Favorability of Republican Party among Latinos May 18 - 21 ( before the Sotomayor nomination ) Favorable 11
Unfavorable 79
No Opinion 10 June 15 - 18 ( latest poll ) Favorable 8
Unfavorable 86
No Opinion 6
Yes , we know you 're afraid of a brown nation .
But we 're here , and without us , winning back that majority is going to be extremely difficult .
It 's simply a matter of math -- the real kind , not the fantasy Rove version .
p.s. When we 're talking Spanish , yes , we 're talking about you .
Former three words , brandable .com domain representing a website for those who want to remove the apostrophe from the English language , on the basis that it serves only to annoy those who know how it is supposed to be used and to confuse those who dont .
Got featured and still has live , natural organic links / mentions in major online media outlets like CBC.ca , ChicagoTribune.com , Slate.com , NewRepublic.com , etc .
The video below is from a 40 k strong protest against some NYC cops who unloaded 50 bullets into a guy during his bachlor party .
At the end of the peaceful " Shopping For Justice " March lead by Al Sharpton a group of New Black Panthers raised their Fists in front of Macy 's and burned a flag for justice .
It changed nothing , did n't it .
Mike Brown and Vonderritt Myers are just more in a long string of mostly black folks and other pigmented individuals that have been murdered by cops in the United States under very suspicious circumstances .
More in a long string of cops who get the benefit of the doubt from a system that judges everyone else on a " if you 've done nothing wrong , you 've got nothing to worry about " mentality .
The system requires that you trust it or they will insinuate you must be a criminal .
The system takes for itself the right to be innocent until proven guilty
In A Court Of Law ; while it doles out judgement at the end of the barrel of a gun by using " officer discretion " .
Take a look at the number of cops killed in the line of duty compared to the number of unarmed people they 've kiled and tell me how " fearful " for their lives the cops have a right to be .
Since the Cops , the FBI and every co-opting lefty org in the country are # CLTIWuxCrQRHmgTU.99 " target = " _blank " title= " " you will see carnage " if the do not indict Darren Wilson " > gearing up for riots in Ferguson when they eventually let Darren Wilson return from his " get away with murder " paid vacation ... there 's a few things I think you should remember .
How marijuana affects your driving performance
MARIJUANA AND DRIVING
Whenever the subject of reforming marijuana laws comes up , someone always brings up the issue of driving while high , which makes sense .
It ’s an established fact that alcohol increases a drivers accident risk – but does that same risk apply to marijuana ?
The scientific research out there shows that cannabis is rarely a factor in car accidents , and has much less of an impact on the psychomotor skills needed for driving than alcohol does .
In fact , when it comes to speed and focus , high and drunk drivers actually have the exact opposite reactions .
Drivers under the influence of marijuana are aware of their impairment and compensate for it by slowing down and over - compensating their focus , while drunk drivers tend to drive in a more risky manner proportional to their intoxication .
There ’s a large amount of research out there on the effects of marijuana on driving , and the results are fairly consistent : Marijuana has a measurable yet relatively mild effect on psychomotor skills , yet it does not appear to play a significant role in vehicle crashes , particularly when compared to alcohol .
Check out the conclusions from the US Department of Transportation study :
* Current users of marijuana prefer THC doses of about 300 ug / kg to achieve their desired “ high ” .
* It is possible to safely study the effects of marijuana on driving on highways or city streets in the presence of other traffic .
* Marijuana smoking impairs fundamental road tracking ability with the degree if impairment increasing as a function of the consumed THC dose .
* Marijuana smoking which delivers THC up to a 300 ug / kg dose slightly impairs the ability to maintain a constant headway while following another car .
* A low THC dose ( 100 ug / kg ) does not impair driving ability in urban traffic to the same extent as a blood alcohol concentration ( BAC ) of 0.04g % .
* Drivers under the influence of marijuana tend to over - estimate the adverse effects of the drug on their driving quality and compensate when they can ; e.g. by increasing effort to accomplish the task , increasing headway or slowing down , or a combination of these .
* Drivers under the influence of alcohol tend to under -estimate the adverse effects of the drug on their driving quality and do not invest compensatory effort .
* The maximum road tracking impairment after the highest THC dose ( 300 ug / kg ) was within a range of effects produced by many commonly used medicinal drugs and less than that associated with a blood alcohol concentration ( BAC ) of 0.08g % in previous studies employing the same test .
* It is not possible to conclude anything about a driver ’s impairment on the basis of his / her plasma concentrations of THC and THC - COOH determined in a single sample .
So stoners are safer because they ’re paranoid ?
The Deproliferator
Conventional thinking holds that deterrence has kept us safe .
If , that is , you do n’t mind a little brinkmanship like Berlin in 1961 and the Cuban Missile crisis .
The history of the Cold War was also sprinkled with accidents such as the 1966 Palomares , Spain crash of a B - 52 bearing four hydrogen bombs .
Nor has the Cold War ’s thaw elicited the same sigh of relief from the disarmament community as from the public at large .
One state or another always seems to be looking for an excuse to develop nuclear weapons .
Meanwhile , non-state actors , such as al - Qaeda or Chechen rebels , make no bones whatsoever about their nuclear avarice .
Thus does the prospect of Russia ’s loose nukes falling into the wrong hands and an A.Q.
Khan wanna - be replenishing the nuclear black market keep us more or less permanently on edge .
Add to that conflicting reports on the security of Pakistan ’s nukes .
Finally , just to make absolutely sure we do n’t become complacent , plenty of nuclear weapons still remain on hair - trigger alert .
This kind of peace conjures up the old sight gag about nitroglycerin — one false move and we ’re blown to kingdom come .
No doubt about it : Deterrence is looking a little shop - worn these days .
At the same time , thanks in part to President Obama ’s stated commitment , disarmament is being refurbished to the glossy finish it boasted for a brief spell in the eighties .
Let ’s not forget , though , that conventional weapons do a pretty good job of mimicking nuclear weapons .
Where does that leave us then ?
Post - nuclear disarmament , we ’d still be on the road to total war , just not tailgated by nuclear weapons .
In fact , the net effects are disturbing in their similarities .
To the victims of Dresden and Hamburg , on the one hand , and Hiroshima and Nagasaki on the other , the quantitative and qualitative differences between the two types of bombing ranged from negligible to nonexistent .
Those who survived the A - bomb attacks were n’t saying to themselves : “ I bet I ’d be in a lot less pain if my injuries were inflicted by conventional weapons . ”
The justifications commonly given for total war are either collective guilt or the argument that , because they contribute to the war effort , civilians can be classified as combatants .
Total war ’s unstated assumption , meanwhile , is that a state can suffer no more disastrous fate than invasion and occupation .
It ’s nice to know that “ Give me liberty or give me death ” still lives .
But , in light of technological developments in warfare , this hoary rallying cry needs an overhaul .
How about “ Give me liberty or give all of us death ” ?
Wait , What ’s Behind Door Number Three ?
In the Evolution of Nuclear Strategy , Third Edition , Lawrence Freedman writes :
The response from those prepared to contemplate use [ of nuclear weapons ] tended to be based on a choice of values rather than strategic logic .
It was considered ‘ better to be dead than red ’ , to go down fighting rather than to succumb to the horrors that had come to be associated with communist rule .
The nuclear pacifist might argue that [ for ] a particular code of honour to be applied to a whole society was an imposition more absolute and authoritarian than the type of rule it was supposed to avoid .
Freedman then quotes Lieutenant - General Sir John Cowley [ writing in 1960 ] :
The choice of death or dishonor is one which has always faced the professional fighting man [ who ] chooses death for himself so that his country may survive , or . . . that the principles for which he is fighting may survive .
[ With nuclear weapons ] we are facing a somewhat different situation , when the reply is not to given by individuals but by countries as a whole .
Is it right for the government of a country to choose complete destruction of the population rather than some other alternative , however unpleasant that alternative may be ?
Retaliating against an aggressor with total war will likely result in the obliteration of not only vast swaths of the population on both sides , but those very qualities with which the state earned our loyalty , such as respect for human rights .
In other words , the question fundamental to total war and not often asked is : Just how much is preserving the sanctity of the state worth ?
The “ unpleasant alternative ” of which Lt. Gen .
Cowley speaks is , of course , submitting to enemy rule .
Perhaps an aggressor can be repelled with another method besides an all - out preemptive attack or retaliation , whether nuclear or conventional .
Let ’s think of a recent example of a state that ’s invaded another state and met with strong resistance .
Oh , that would be us when we invaded Iraq .
Sure , the Iraqi Army ’s capacity for retaliation was killed on contact .
Nevertheless , as everyone knows , the citizens of Iraq have made our lives as occupiers hell .
While Iraq has yet to shake us off , at least it ’s reduced us to the point where we ’re not getting much of anything out of their country .
But what application does this have for the United States were it to be attacked ?
Call me whimsical , but instead of trading apocalyptic death and destruction with a state that attacks us , what if we made an end run around mass destruction ?
In other words , if an attack by intercontinental missiles — whether the warheads are nuclear or non — is imminent , why not make it clear that we choose not to retaliate in kind ?
Say what ?
Refusing to fight back is not only un-American , it runs contrary to human nature .
Even if we sought to behave otherwise , it would n’t be long before we were caught in the death spiral of total war .
It ’s true that the idea there ’s a time to attack and a time to yield might better be applied to a state other than a superpower .
But , for the sake of argument , let ’s pretend it ’s the United States that ’s attacked .
Upon signal , we ’d disband our armed forces and they ’d morph into a resistance movement with hidden caches of weapons at their disposal .
It ’s not , of course , as un-American as it sounds : Guerilla warfare was employed in the early days of the Revolutionary War and by select forces during the Civil War .
If it makes nuclear types feel any better , think of this approach as a second - strike capability , just not nuclear .
Because total war ca n’t be waged on an insurgency — though Russia came close in Chechnya — not only is much less life lost , but less infrastructure demolished .
Also , aside from retaining the moral upper hand , should an insurgency ultimately prevail , it would generate a national myth which , like the Revolutionary War , could sustain us for 200 years .
This may have seemed like a pointless exercise to some .
But is it any more so than a method of waging war that stands to kill millions on both sides , level the landscape , and ravage the environment ?
Debianパッケージはぱっとみ概念とかがわかりにくいので、色々省きつつ大雑把にとりあえず作ったりする上で必要な情報を説明してみる試み。
簡単なdebはとりあえず作ったりできるようになってみて、個人的にはこういう情報がまとまってると楽だったなーということをメモっておく。
自分自身あまり構築したパッケージの運用が長くはないので、ひょっとしたらシステムの依存関係を壊したり、あるいは正しくはない部分もあったりするかと思いますが、そういった部分があれば指摘してもらえれば勉強になります。
debパッケージ バイナリパッケージ ( *.deb , *.udeb ) いわゆるdebパッケー ジ
ソースパッケージ(*.dscとアーカイブ )
バイナリパッケージを作れる状態にしたもの。
環境が変わったり、ソフトウェアバージョンを上げるときにソースパッケージがあった方が作り直しが楽なのでなるべくとっておきませう。
debianパッケージの構成 はじめに、 $ tar xvzf git-1.6.3.tar.gz $ cd git -1.6.3 $ dh_make -- cdbs -f ../git-1.6.3.tar.gz --email=walf443+nospam@gmail.com するとこんな感じになる。 / /debian / ./rules : パッケージの構築手順を示したMakefile ./ control : パッケージのメタ情報 ./ changelog : dchでいじる。 ./ preisnt ./ postinst ./ prerm ./ postrm ./init.d ./$ ( package ) - default ./ cron.d ./compat : debhelperの互換性を保証する最低バージョン
パッケージの構築の仕 方 パッケージ構築に必要なものは、devscripts、debhelperパケージを入れればだいたいは入るはず。
ソースパッケージから作る場合は次のようにする。 $ dpkg - source -x ruby - head_1.9.1-p129-1.dsc $ cd ruby - head - 1.9.1 - p129 $ debuild - uc - us 上記のdh_make しただけの状態から作るなら 、debuild - uc - usだけ でOK 。 debuildの - uc - usは署名を飛ばすオプション。署名も含めて構築する場合、署名が失敗しただけで全部作りなおしになったりするので、つけた方がよい。署名自体はあとからでもやるコマンドがある。 debuild は、色々やってくれるので、構築を最小限にするのであれば、dpkg-buildpackage - rfakerootとかでもよい。
構築したパッケージの確認 debに入ってるファイル一覧を見る $ dpkg -- contents *. deb debのメタ情報を確認する $ dpkg -- info *.deb あとはインストールしてみたり削除してみたり動かしてみたり。
debian / control Source : git Section : unknown Priority : extra Maintainer : Yoshimi < walf443+nospam@gmail.com >
Build - Depends : cdbs , cdbs , debhelper ( >= 5 ) , autotools - dev Standards - Version : 3.7.2 Package : git Architecture : any Depends : $ {shlibs : Depends} , $ {misc : Depends} Description : < insert up to 60 chars description > < insert long description , indented with spaces >
Source , Packageは、パッケージ名なので、debianに既にあって別の名前にしておきたいときはいじっておく。 重要なのは、Build-Dependsで、なるべくここに構築に必要なパッケージ名を書くようにする。
DependsはCのパッケージの場合はたいてい共有ライブラリからうまく特定されて勝手に入るのであまりいじらなくてもよいこともある。
手元で作ってみたgitのパッケージの場合なら例えばこんな感じ。
Source : git-head Section : unknown Priority : extra Maintainer : Keiji Yoshimi < walf443+nospam@gmail.com >
Build - Depends : cdbs , cdbs , debhelper ( >= 5 ) , autotools - dev , zlib1g - dev , libcurl3 - openssl - dev , xmlto , libexpat1 - dev , autoconf , libsvn - perl | libsvn - core - perl , libwww - perl Standards - Version : 3.7.2 Package : git -head Architecture : any Depends : $ {shlibs : Depends} , $ {misc : Depends} , libsvn - perl | libsvn - core - perl , libwww - perl Description : git HEAD deb package .
installed in /usr / local /. and include git-svn .
debian / rules debhelper 一番標準的な書き方 。Makefileの全部の手順を書く( 基本的には自動生成 )
全部1つのファイルに書いてあるので、Makefileを読むのか得意であれば少しいじるのは楽かも。
CDBSスタイル ナウいスタイル。死語を使っているようにあまり新しくない。
余計なことを書いてないのでシンプルに書ける。
余程変なことをしない限りはすっきり書けるはず。
ターゲットは、:ではなく::で定義する。
同じフックポイントに複数回設定できる。 ルール パッケージ構築のフックポイントを定義する。
基本的には、debhelperを使っておけばOK。
よく使いそうなフックポイント抜粋 clean : :
configure / $( package ) : :
build / $( package ) : :
install / $( package ) : : クラス ルールで定義されたフックポイントを使ったデフォルトのアクションを定義する。 よく使いそうなクラス抜粋 makefile.mk : make && make installですむもの 。
autotools.mk : ./ configure && make && make installですむも の
perlmodule.mk : perl Makefile .
PL && make && make installですむもの。 実例 rubyの場合 前提 gorubyも入れた い
ruby1.9とかとコンフリクトして嫌なことになりたくないので、/usr/local/以下に入れる
最初からついている./configureはmake cleanで消えてしまうので毎回作りなおす。
O2でコンパイルするとparse.cが死ぬ程時間がかかるらしいため、O3でビルドする。 include /usr/ share/cdbs/1/rules/debhelper.mk include /usr/share/cdbs/1/class/autotools.mk build/ruby - head : : $ ( MAKE ) && $ ( MAKE ) golf DEB_AUTO_UPDATE_AUTOCONF
= YES DEB_CONFIGURE_SCRIPT_ENV
= optflags= " - O3 - pipe " DEB_CONFIGURE_USER_FLAGS
= -- prefix=/usr/local / どの環境変数を指定すれば、どのあたりに効いくかはinclude先のMakefileをがんばって解読するのがてっとり早いと思います。(慣れれば) ファイルを入れるだけのdeb イントラ内のaptの設定を共通にしておくとかいうケース include /usr / share / cdbs/1/rules/debhelper.mk
APT_CONF_DIR = $( CURDIR ) / debian/my-apt-intra/etc/apt/sources.list.d/ install/mf-apt-intra : : install -m 644 -d $ ( APT_CONF_DIR ) install -m 644 $ ( CURDIR ) / debian/my-apt-intra.conf $ ( APT_CONF_DIR ) /my-apt - intra preinst / postrmのフックで、/etc/apt/souces.listをこのパッケージが入っている間は別ファイルに退避させておく。(ほんとはdiversionという方法があるらしいんですがまだいまいちうまく理解できてない) debian / preinst set -e APT_CONF_DEFAULT
=/etc/apt/sources.list case " $ 1 " in install | upgrade ) if [ -e $ APT_CONF_DEFAULT ] then mv $ APT_CONF_DEFAULT $ APT_CONF_DEFAULT
.bak fi ; ; abort - upgrade ) ;; * ) echo " preinst called with unknown argument \` $ 1 ' " > & 2 exit 1 ; ; esac exit 0 |sh| < debian / postrm > |sh| set -e APT_CONF_DEFAULT
=/etc/apt/sources.list case " $ 1 " in purge | remove | upgrade | failed - upgrade | abort - install | abort - upgrade | disappear ) if [ -e $ APT_CONF_DEFAULT .bak ] then mv $ APT_CONF_DEFAULT .bak $ APT_CONF_DEFAULT
fi ;; * ) echo " postrm called with unknown argument \` $ 1 ' " > &2 exit 1 ; ; esac exit 0 動的にファイルを作る例 メンテナスクリプト万能説 case " $ 1 " in install | upgrade ) IP = `cat /etc / network / interfaces | grep address | grep 192 .
168 | cut -d ' ' - f2` echo $ IP mv /etc / default / snmpd /etc/default/snmpd.default cat << END_CONF >
/etc/default/snmpd #
This file controls the activity of snmpd and snmptrapd # MIB directories .
/ usr / share / snmp / mibs is the default , but # including it here avoids some strange problems .
export MIBDIRS = / usr / share / snmp / mibs # snmpd control ( yes means start daemon ) .
SNMPDRUN=yes # snmpd options ( use syslog , close stdin / out / err ) .
SNMPDOPTS ='- Lsd - Lf / dev/null -u snmp - I -smux -p / var /run/snmpd.pid $ IP ' # snmptrapd control ( yes means start daemon ) .
As of net - snmp version # 5.0 , master agentx support must be enabled in snmpd before snmptrapd # can be run .
See snmpd.conf ( 5 ) for how to do this .
TRAPDRUN =no # snmptrapd options ( use syslog ) .
TRAPDOPTS ='- Lsd - p /var/run/snmptrapd.pid '
END_CONF ;; abort - upgrade ) ;; * ) echo " preinst called with unknown argument \` $ 1 ' " > & 2 exit 1 ;; esac
Help make biking safer
Bikewise is a place to learn about and report bike crashes , hazards , and thefts .
You can help by reporting issues you see .
By sharing our experiences with each other and with researchers and relevant agencies , we can make bicycling safer and more fun .
Erothyme Colorado
The Erothyme sound is a majestic blend of overblown hyperbole and meaningless adjectives that actually have nothing to do with music .
His tracks land in your ear like a dolphin gracefully diving into the surface of the ocean after doing a triple backflip in front of the setting sun .
Some people think that Erothyme does n't be like he is , but he do .
... more
Just in case their racism , sexism , and general awfulness has n't been enough to turn you away from Abercrombie & Fitch after all these years , here 's another glimpse of the inner workings of the horrible store .
Advertisement
When I previously ( and gleefully ) wrote about the economic troubles that Abercrombie was having a few months back , I mentioned that my personal hatred for the store comes from the fact that one of the women I was in the intensive inpatient unit with during my treatment for anorexia was heavily recruited by the store just days before her hospitalization ( she was incredibly underweight ) because she had " the look " they wanted .
Turns out that this horrific " look policy " does n't just revolve around being stick - thin ; according to Riam Dean , she was forced to work in the stockroom , as opposed to on the floor , at Abercrombie 's London flagship store because her prosthetic arm did n't fit the company 's attractiveness standards .
You stay classy , Abercrombie !
Advertisement
When Riam applied to the store , they took a photograph of her and gave her a handbook that listed the company 's expectations , as far as physical appearance goes .
According to the Daily Mail , the handbook " stipulates that staff must represent a ' natural , classic American style ' and instructs them on everything from how to wear their hair ( clean and natural ) to how long they should wear their nails ( a quarter of an inch past the end of the finger ) . "
Apparently , Riam 's prosthetic arm was n't " natural " or " classic " enough for the store - they made her buy a cardigan to wear in order to hide her arms while working .
The cardigan , however , was n't enough to satisfy the Abercrombie team .
As Riam recalls :
" A worker from what they call the " visual team " , people who are employed to go round making sure the shop and its staff look up to scratch , came up to me and demanded I take the cardigan off .
I told her , yet again , that I had been given special permission to wear it .
A few minutes later my manager came over to me and said : " I can't have you on the shop floor as you are breaking the Look Policy .
Go to the stockroom immediately and I 'll get someone to replace you .
I pride myself on being quite a confident girl but I had never experienced prejudice like that before and it made me feel utterly worthless .
Afterwards I telephoned the company 's head office where a member of staff asked whether I was willing to work in the stockroom until the winter uniform arrived .
That was the final straw .
I just could n't go back . "
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 " 8 K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
She is now suing the company , which , by the way , already paid 2.2 million dollars to employees who felt that that the company was unfairly forcing them to buy Abercrombie 's clothes in 2003 .
Oh , and did I mention they paid a 40 million dollar settlement in 2004 , after being accused of discriminatory employment practices ?
Because they did !
This is a company that continues to be called out for their sexist , racist , discriminatory practices , and by issuing half - ass apologies and paying off their accusers , they expect us to forget the nastiness at the core of this operation .
Sadly , all of this only makes Riam 's story as unsurprising as it is upsetting .
I Was Banished To The Stockroom [ DailyMail ]
Abercrombie & Fitch To Pay 40 M To Settle Bias Case [ USAToday ]
Employees Win Dress Code Lawsuit [ CBSNews ]
Advertisement
Earlier : Finally Teens Don't Like , Or Want To Be , Girls Who Wear Abercrombie And Fitch
arrested on March 19th 2007 .
He has been sentenced to 8 years and he is imprisoned in Nafha prison .
Said Abdullah Halil Al Najar
( 33 ) arrested on November 30th 2005 .
He has been sentenced to 13 years and he is imprisoned in Ramon .
arrested on November 30th 2005 ,
has been sentenced to 11 years and he is in Nafha prison .
As the Palestinian prisoners are not filed according to their profession , there are n't any official figures of Palestinian fishermen in Israeli jails .
These are only some of the cases :
The Best Quotes of All Time
Does anyone tire of Republican confessions as much as I ?
Here we have yet another prominent Republican announcing his adulterous relationship in South Carolina ’s Mark Sanford .
He is on the list with others who decry family values and confess they are sorry for their sins .
What hypocrites they are .
To name a few , we have Nevada Senator John Ensign , a supposedly rising star of the Republican Party who also was a possible contender in the 2012 presidential election , admitting an adulterous affair .
Arizona Senator John McCain , the GOP ’s nomination for President , admitted to adulterous relationships while married to his first wife .
New York City mayor , Rudy Giuliani , adulterer , made an announcement to the press without telling his wife that he had decided to separate .
Congressman and Speaker of the House , Newt Gingrich , serial monogamist and adulterer , is now on his third marriage .
Congressman Bob Barr , who wrote the Defense of Marriage ACT , the man promoting family values , was committing adultery while his wife was recovering from breast cancer , has been married three times .
If it is not adultery , then it is other family values .
Republican Rush Limbaugh committed adultery and is a serial monogamist .
Bill O’Reilly enjoys phone sex .
Ted Haggard , evangelical leader , likes gay sex .
Senator Larry Craig likes gay bathroom fellatio .
Sarah Palin is probably jumping up and down with joy over this latest confession from Mark Sanford .
Her chances for the 2012 presidential campaign just improved .
The irony in this is that she should be greatly saddened by the news .
This , I would suspect , will be her public persona on the topic while inside she can hardly contain herself .
The most nauseous photograph to come out of the Iran tragedy was not the bloodied demonstrators in Tehran , but a Reuters picture of former Iranian Crown Prince Reza Pahlavi , " fighting back tears " in Washington as he declared that Neda Agha Sultan , the young woman shot dead by Ahmadinejad 's thugs a week ago , " was now for ever in my pocket " .
I bet she is , by God !
" I have added her to the list of my daughters , " the son of the brutal and merciless late Shah , told the world .
Needless to say , the son of the Light of the Aryans did not add the many thousands of equally young and innocent women tortured to death by his father 's sadistic secret police to his " list of daughters " .
Back in 1979 , I met a man who had tortured and killed a woman by scorching her on a metal rack over gas burners .
His name was Mohamed Sadafi , by profession a weightlifter .
" You killed my daughter , " the poor girl 's father shrieked at Sadafi in front of me .
" She was burned all over her flesh until she was paralysed .
She was roasted . "
Sadafi told the man – without explaining why – that the girl had hanged herself after seven months in custody .
But " there was not even a single sheet in Evin prison from which she could hang herself " , the father replied in fury .
Yes there was , Sadafi replied .
He had himself seen the Evin laundry bills .
No , I do n't think that Reza Shah has put this young woman " in his pocket " .
But nor would the Shia clergy , which reputedly backed the original Anglo - American coup against Mohammed Mossadeq , the democratically elected leader of Iran in 1953 .
At that time , a senior Tehran cleric was sent to Qom to persuade the leading Ayatollah of his time , Sayed Mohammad Hossein Boroujerdi , to issue a fatwa , calling for a holy war against the Tudeh party communists to whom Mossadeq was allied and give his support to religion and the throne .
A certain Ruhollah Khomeini was rumoured to have urged Boroujerdi to adopt just such a step .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The CIA 's own analysis of the overthrow – which , of course , has been recalled with ever increasing enthusiasm by Ahmadinejad and his chums over the past two weeks – includes a telling post - coup interview between Kermit Roosevelt , the CIA boss in Tehran , and Winston Churchill , who was living out his last months as British prime minister ( reprinted now , by the way , by Ken Coates 's ever intriguing The Spokesman books in Nottingham ) .
" This was a most touching occasion , " the CIA report said of the Roosevelt - Churchill meeting .
" The Prime Minister seemed to be in bad shape physically ...
He had great difficulty in hearing ; occasional difficulty in articulating ; and apparent difficulty in seeing to his left .
In spite of this he could not have been more enthusiastic about the operation .
He was good enough to express a wish that he had been " some years " younger and might have served under his ( Roosevelt 's ) command .
Our operation had given us a wonderful and unexpected opportunity which might change the whole picture in the Middle East . "
This was Condoleezza Rice - speak .
Remember her " birth - pangs " of a new Middle East , when the Lebanese were being splattered with blood by Israeli bombs in 2006 ?
But Churchill 's " whole picture " did indeed change – in 1979 .
So what of that famous revolution ?
Was it really a blossoming return to the basic values of Shia Islam , a return to the golden age of Ali and Hussein , when Islamic rule could never be set up alongside a secular government ?
This is the narrative that is now laid down in Tehran .
This is the story that Ayatollah Khamenei purports to believe in ; that Ayatollah Khomeini – whatever his advice to Boroujerdi in 1953 – took Iran back to the purity of Shia Islam 's roots , when there was no attempt to separate religious from secular power .
By extraordinary chance , a new volume has just been published by Professor Nader Hashemi of the University of Denver that is probably the most pertinent book to read today about the latest dramatic events in Iran .
With the awful obligations of academia , he has entitled his work Islam , Secularism , and Liberal Democracy : Toward a Democratic Theory for Muslim Societies – a real DO NOT READ title – but it is worth every page .
Hashemi , I know well ; he has a habit of putting visiting speakers through two lectures , three seminars and six interviews within an hour of crossing the Atlantic .
This is absolutely true ; I am one of his victims .
But here is a chilling Hashemi quotation from Khomeini , while the Ayatollah was in exile in the Iraqi city of Najaf in 1970 .
" This slogan of the separation of religion and politics and the demand that Islamic scholars not intervene in social and political affairs has been formulated and propagated by the imperialists ; it is only the irreligious who repeat them .
Were religion and politics separate in the time of the Prophet ?
Did there exist on one side a group of clerics , and opposite it , a group of politicians and leaders ? "
Again , in 1999 , Ayatollah Abolghassem Khazali , a tough former member of the Guardian Council , insisted that " when a jurisprudent like Ayatollah Mesbah Yazdi " – by chance today a close supporter of Ahmadinejad with a strong desire to become Supreme Leader after Khamenei – " says something , you should say ' I shall listen and I shall obey ' .
If there is a danger , it is coming from the slogan of ' civil society 's ' and now the situation has reached the point when the existence of God is being debated at universities " .
No wonder Tehran University was plundered and abused by the regime 's Basij militia last week .
No wonder Mir-Hossein Mousavi's " secular " imprint is now so dangerous to the regime .
But as Hashemi observes – and here is the real shaky foundation of the Iranian regime – " There is a near consensus that Ayatollah Khomeini 's doctrine of the ' rule of the Islamic jurist ' marked a significant break with Shia tradition in terms of the relationship between religion and politics .
Senior ayatollahs within the Shia world ( including in Iran at the time ) strongly objected to Khomeini 's political doctrine because it was considered an innovation and a radical break with the historical quietist role played by the clergy in political society . "
So there you have it .
Khomeini invented the so - called " velayat-e faqih " ( rule of the Supreme Leader ) ; the Islamic Republic was never conceived of in Islamic history .
It 's a try - out , an experiment that may or may not continue .
The past two weeks suggest it needs a lot of work to survive .
Meanwhile , let 's remember what Mossadeq said 46 years ago : " No nation goes anywhere under the shadow of dictatorship . "
Everyone knows Valentine 's
Day does n't deserve to be a real holiday .
Seriously , it 's the most bullshit holiday of the year .
So go on , explore the many , many reasons why we should Ban Valentine 's Day .
You can send anything you like to your friends on the facebooks ond twitters .
It 's all good , as long as you 're spreading the word as to why you think Valentine 's Day should be stricken from the calendar .
[ NEWS : By popular demand we now have t- shirts !
Buy one !
It helps us pay for web hosting .
Any questions or comments , email banvalentinesday@gmail.com ]
Deprecated : mysql_connect ( ) :
The mysql extension is deprecated and will be removed in the future : use mysqli or PDO instead in / nfs / c01/h03/mnt/13447/domains/banvalentinesday.com/html/db_connect.php on line 10
Warning : mysql_connect ( ) : Access denied for user ' db13447_banVday'@ ' 64.13.192.20 ' ( using password : YES ) in /nfs/c01/h03/mnt/13447/domains/banvalentinesday.com/html/db_connect.php on line 10
Unable to select database
Mike Duke , Newest CEO of WalMart , Inc. Is Listed As a Signer of The Anti-Gay Adoption and Foster Care Petition
Mike Duke of 16 Pinnacle Drive , Rogers , Arkansas with the birthdate of 12/07/49 appears on a petition sheet for the Anti-Gay Arkansas Adoption and Foster Ban or Act 1 .
The actual petition sheet may be A one , with the birthdate of 12/07/49 appears on a petition sheet for the Anti-Gay Arkansas Adoption and Foster Ban or Act 1 .
The actual petition sheet may be viewed here and on KnowThyNeighbor.org where one may find the alleged signature of Mr. Duke and the check mark put on by the State of Arkansas indicating that this name was verified and counted for the advancement and ultimate success of the anti-gay legislation in Arkansas in 2008 otherwise known as Act 1 .
Concerned Arkansas Citizen , on the Thanks to the notation of a commenter , , on the KnowThyNeighbor blog
HRC only ranked Wal - Mart at 40 % in its Wal - Mart claims to have an environment of " diversity " within its stores though theonly ranked Wal - Mart at 40 % in its Corporate Equality Index in 2008 .
Shocking .
Mike Duke of the same address , 16 Pinnacle Drive , Rogers , AR and listed as " Wal - Mart Management " made a $ 2300 campaign contribution to Mike Huckabee in 2008 .
The name , Susan Duke also at 16 Pinnacle Drive appears on this anti-gay petition .
Susan Duke is the wife of Mike Duke and sits on the Board of the Northwest Arkansas Children 's Shelter
Tom Lang , Director
in
Pesticide Action Network Updates Service ( PANUPS )
A Weekly News Update on Pesticides , Health and Alternatives
See PANUPS archive for complete information .
June 25 , 2009
Roundup ' inert ' ingredient kills human cells
“ Used in yards , farms and parks throughout the world , Roundup has long been a top - selling weed killer .
But now researchers have found that one of Roundup ’s inert ingredients can kill human cells , particularly embryonic , placental and umbilical cord cells , " writes Crystal Gammon in the July 22 issue of Environmental Health News .
Pesticide researchers and activists from the U.S. to Argentina , Japan and Croatia have been calling for public access to , and warnings about , “ inerts ” ( almost 4,000 solvents , surfactants and other chemicals included in pesticides , approved by the U.S. EPA , yet not specified on warning labels because they are not the “ active ” ingredient aimed at pest control ) .
“ Glyphosate , Roundup ’s active ingredient , is the most widely used herbicide in the United States .
About 100 million pounds are applied to U.S. farms and lawns every year , ” Gammon reports .
“ Until now , most health studies have focused on the safety of glyphosate [ alone ] , rather than the mixture of ingredients found in Roundup . ”
In a study from the University of Caen in France , first published in January , “ scientists found that Roundup ’s inert ingredients amplified the toxic effect on human cells -- even at concentrations much more diluted than those used on farms and lawns . ”
Their focus was on POEA -- polyethoxylated tallow amine -- an “ inert ” detergent in Roundup that they were astonished to discover was far more dangerous than the herbicide itself .
“ ’ The proprietary mixtures available on the market could cause cell damage and even death [ at the ] residual levels ’ found on Roundup - treated crops , such as soybeans , alfalfa and corn , or lawns and gardens . ”
These latest findings are no surprise to Caroline Cox of Oakland ’s Center for Environmental Health .
She wrote of the dangers of inerts , including POEA , for years while at the Northwest Center for Alternatives to Pesticides in Eugene , OR .
Monsanto claims the recent study is flawed ; Gilles - Eric Seralini , the molecular biologist that headed the French study , says standard toxicological methods were used .
Cox points out that competitors can discover what is in formulations like Roundup with routine lab analysis .
“ The proprietary protection laws [ for inerts ] really only keep information from the public , ” she said .
shareMORE Read about " The Cocktail Effect " ( PDF ) of pesticides | Digg This
Monsanto ' Roundup Ready ' alfalfa ban upheld
On June 24 , the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit “ re - affirmed its previous decision upholding a nationwide ban on the planting of genetically - engineered ( GE ) Roundup Ready alfalfa pending full [ a ]
Environmental Impact Statement , ” announced the Center for Food Safety , who led a group of plaintiffs in a two - year legal battle .
“ The Court determined that the planting of genetically modified alfalfa can result in potentially irreversible harm to organic and conventional varieties of crops , damage to the environment , and economic harm to farmers . ”
The suit , which won a decision by District Court Judge Charles Breyer in May 2007 to halt field experiments with GE alfalfa , was originally brought against the USDA .
Monsanto and its partner , Forage Genetics , joined as “ Defendant - Intervenors ” .
Though the 2007 ruling was upheld in September 2008 , the Intervenors persisted in appeal .
The June 24 Geertson v. Monsanto ( PDF ) ruling declares : “ No further petitions for rehearing will be accepted . ” The Center for Food Safety was representing Geertson Seed Farms , Trask Family Seeds , Beyond Pesticides , Cornucopia Institute , Dakota Resource Council , National Family Farm Coalition , Sierra Club , and Western Organization of Resource Councils .
shareMORE May 2007 PANUPS on Monsanto ban | Digg This
Children susceptible to organophosphates longer than expected
Environmental Health Perspectives .
" Although it is known that infants are more susceptible than adults to the toxic effects of pesticides , this increased vulnerability may extend much longer into childhood than expected , according to a new study by researchers at the University of California , Berkeley , " published this month in " Current EPA standards of exposure for some pesticides assume children are 3 to 5 times more susceptible than adults , " said Nina Holland , UC Berkeley adjunct professor of environmental health sciences and senior author of the paper .
" Our study is the first to show quantitatively that young children may be more susceptible to certain organophosphate pesticides up to age 7 . "
Depending on a child 's genotype , the levels of a particular enzyme which can break down toxins -- particularly organophosphates , including chlorpyrifos and diazinon -- may be as little as one - third that of an adult mother at birth , and the level may remain low until 7 years of age .
Chlorpyrifos was banned for residential use in 2001 due to risks to children , but is still used in agriculture where farmworker and rural children are exposed .
According to PAN senior scientist Margaret Reeves , " Even before these results were known , EPA scientists argued that organophosphate pesticides -- posing serious threats to children 's neurological development -- were too toxic to be used ; we need to ban them , starting with chlorpyrifos . "
shareMORE PAN resources on organophosphates | Digg This
DDT cover - up hearings in Los Angeles
On July 23 , the first of several public hearings was held in Los Angeles on an EPA plan to cap the huge , decades - old deposit of DDT on the ocean floor off Southern California .
" We finally had enough data that we feel we are ready to make a decision , " said EPA 's Carmen White .
On July 12 , the agency " proposed spending at least $ 36 million to clean up the world 's largest deposit of banned pesticide DDT , which lies 200 feet underwater off the Palos Verdes Peninsula , reports the Los Angeles Times .
" Montrose Chemical Corp. , which was based near Torrance , released 110 tons of DDT and 10 tons of toxic PCBs into the sewers from 1947 through 1971 .
The chemicals then flowed into the Pacific . "
The plan is to place a cover of sand and silt over the most heavily contaminated part of a 17 - square - mile area which was declared a Superfund site in 1996 .
While capping wo n't clean up the chemicals , it may reduce health risks for people who eat fish caught in the area .
EPA conducted a pilot project in 2000 covering 320 acres of the most contaminated area , with limited success , as the pollutants emerged on top in some sections .
There are few options , the agency contends : dredging is estimated to cost $ 2 billion , would contaminate the water and pose its own disposal problem . " '' I think it ’s a huge development , ” said Mark Gold , executive director of Heal the Bay ( Santa Monica ) .
“ We have the worst DDT hotspot in the entire U.S. ' "
Still , Gold said , the cover - up seems the only viable option : " [ it ] 'is n't a solution .
It 's just a risk reduction for public health and the environment . "
shareMORE DDT health effects studies | Digg This
' A Healing Garden Grows in Bhopal '
A new video tells the inspiring story of Sambhavna Clinic , a non-profit holistic health center in Bhopal , India , built to treat those injured by the explosion of the Union Carbide pesticide plant in 1984 .
While this worst industrial accident in history killed thousands of people outright , some 23,000 more have suffered since .
The clinic treats first - and second - generation Bhopal residents who suffer effects of the chemical spill and the continuing poisons that leak from the factory site , now owned by Dow Chemical .
The 10 - minute video , “ A Healing Garden Grows in Bhopal , ” was produced by Health Care Without Harm -- an international campaign for environmentally responsible health care -- as part of a drive to support the free healing services of Sambhavna Clinic .
The film also draws attention to the fact that 25 years after the toxic gas destroyed so many lives , thousands of Bhopal residents have yet to gain access to clean drinking water , and Dow Chemical claims it has no liability or responsibility for the continuing tragedy .
Last year the campaign to bring justice to Bhopal won an Indian government commitment to address the issues , but so far there are more promises than action .
shareMORE Donate to Sambhavna Clinic | Digg
This
Europe proposes ban of highly hazardous biocides
On June 12 the European Commission published a draft revision ( PDF ) of its ten - year - old " Biocidal Products Directive " which regulates some 50,000 products such as moth insecticides , anti-fouling paint used on ships ' hulls , disinfectants and wood preservatives .
The Commission intends to ban the use of biocides which are carcinogenic , reproduction hazards or mutagenic , or influence the endocrine system .
It calls for labeling articles and materials treated with such biocides , including textiles with antibacterial additives or carpets treated to prevent moth damage , in order to protect consumers against hazardous substances prohibited within the EU but still used abroad .
Pesticide Action Network Germany welcomes the EC directive because it " strengthens consumer protection and increases transparency .
However , the draft is in urgent need of improvements , " says Susanne Smolka , PAN Germany 's biocides specialist .
" For example , exclusion criteria for particularly hazardous environmental properties are urgently needed . "
Examples of biocidal products released directly into the environment are increasingly common building facade protections against fungi and algae .
Studies prove that significant quantities of environmentally harmful substances are washed out of the facades during rain .
shareMORE NGO position paper on biocides ( PDF ) | Digg This
One unexpected benefit of the Home Office 's obsession with ' counting them all in , counting them all out ' is that in the event of , say , a flu pandemic it would be simple to grab a list of all the passengers on an affected incoming flight , and check them out for infection .
But no , not exactly - that 's not quite how it appears to work .
Although the e-Borders system was intended to count 95 per cent of all passengers to and from the UK by 2010 , and is scheduled to be covering 100 million passengers a year by June , the UK Border Agency received no passenger data for the flight that brought two known swine flu victims from Mexico to the UK on 21st April .
And the public prints are reporting that the hunt is on for " five sweating and coughing men on the flight " .
So how does that work ?
Did n't we count them in ?
There are several strands to e-Borders , the most important from the point of view of counting people in and out being the passport check .
But although this can be used to log movements in and out of the country , it clearly does n't associate a particular passenger with a particular flight .
Alongside this , however , the Home Office is beginning to require that airlines , ferry companies and rail operators submit passenger lists prior to the passengers ' arrival .
According to recent Home Office documentation , test systems have logged 50 million movements and checked them against watchlists before the passengers arrived in the UK , resulting in 1,700 arrests .
These systems undoubtedly do not yet apply to all passenger movements , or even all air passenger movements , but because of the ' apples and pears ' nature of the data the Home Office publishes , it 's difficult to assess the extent of the system currently in place .
According to a Home Office spokeswoman the collection of PNR ( Passenger Name Record ) data is being rolled out by airline , rather than geographically .
But for " operation reasons " the Home Office declines to says which airlines are covered and which are not .
But it seems reasonable to assume , even if you 're not a terrorist or illegal immigrant , that the airlines that are currently contributing data are the bigger players with more sophisticated data handling systems , while the package holiday operators and charter flights are at the back of the queue for inclusion , and likely to remain there for some year to come .
Note that the ' 95 per cent by 2010 ' promise covers logging at the border as well , so could probably be claimed to have been achieved with no contribution from PNR data at all .
But note also that this particular target was tweaked in a footnote , here , so that UKBA is now only committed to count in and out 99 per cent of all foreign ( non - EEA ) passengers by 2010 .
That switch points to a greater emphasis on biometric visas for non-EEA passengers , and to passport rather than PNR data checks .
And while the Home Office is attempting to paint the collection of airline passenger data as a success ( that 1,700 arrest figure ) , at the same time Jacqui Smith is telling Lord Carlile that it 's not really delivering .
That , together with the difficulties of getting every last low - cost charter 's data into the system , could easily lob the whole thing into the middle distance , so maybe the giant data crunching machine wo n't be in a position to make a contribution to controlling the next pandemic , either .
The passenger list from First Choice Flight 578 from Cancun was reportedly deleted 24 hours after the flight 's arrival , although the Health Protection Agency is also reported to have asked subsequently for a passenger list .
At time of writing First Choice had not responded to The Register 's calls .
Like you , we find it difficult to credit that ten days after the event , nobody seems to have had the nous to run a list down . ®
WASHINGTON -- On Jan. 20 , Timothy Geithner took control of the Treasury Department , directing the government 's response to the financial crisis .
Within three weeks , the White House tightened its grip , alarmed by the poor reaction to Mr. Geithner 's performance during the rollout of his rescue plan , government officials say .
Since then , White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel has been so involved in the workings of the Treasury that " Rahm wants it " has become an unofficial mantra among some at the Treasury , according to government ...
LOS ANGELES — Shigeru Miyamoto has a lot on his mind .
In a one - on - one interview at last week 's Electronic Entertainment Expo , the head of Nintendo's game design department and creator of Mario touched on a wide variety of topics :
His new Mario and Zelda games , of course , but also what he thinks of the competition 's new camera - based motion controllers , which are intended to compete with Wii .
The full Q&A is below .
Wired.com : I 'm really into Wario Ware : DIY .
Have you made any games with it ?
Shigeru Miyamoto : I made some games , but I 'm pretending like I did n't because they all turned out weird .
Wired.com :
You said you had the idea to do a four - player Mario game for a long time .
Had you ever actually done any prototypes of such a game on other hardware ?
Miyamoto :
With each ( Mario ) project , we do different experiments .
It 's something I 've always wanted to do .
We 've done games in the past where we 've had the idea and worked on it .
But with side - scrolling games , the challenge was that the screen continues to scroll forward , and what happens when the other player falls off the screen ?
With Mario 64 , we had an experiment that took advantage of the idea of the screen growing larger and smaller depending on how far apart the characters were .
So we had Mario and Luigi running around in that 3 - D world , but we ended up not using it .
There 's also the issue of the resolution of the graphics .
If you were to try to do a system where the camera zoomed in and out , and the graphics grew and shrunk in relation to the camera , back on the NES , the resolution of the graphics there , if the Mario character got too small you would n't be able to distinguish the character easily .
But with the Wii , because the resolution of the graphics is strong enough , you can pull the camera back very far and still see the character .
Wired.com :
Why did you decide not to use that Nintendo 64 game with Mario and Luigi ?
Miyamoto : Ultimately , it 's the idea of processing speed and working within the constraints of the hardware .
The DS Mario 64 had a mode with something similar to that , where you were playing with four characters .
Wired.com : With Microsoft and Sony introducing camera controllers , it 's interesting that Nintendo has never shown any sort of camera controller off .
What 's your opinion on what the competition is doing ?
Miyamoto : I 'm sure you 're aware , but obviously this type of motion - sensing camera technology has been around for quite a while .
Over the years we 've looked at a variety of different technologies and seen what could be done with that , and ultimately made the decision not to take advantage of what they can do .
Of course , we 've , in terms of looking at that , felt that it was n't time to take advantage of technology like that yet .
Particularly from a cost standpoint , we do n't think the time is right .
Of course , looking at what we 've done with Wii Sports Resort , we feel that with Wii Motion Plus we feel that we 've pursued a very deepened gameplay experience , and we 're delivering it in a way that 's cost - effective .
And with up to four players , it 's very easy to purchase the initial devices .
We think that overall , Wii Sports Resort is a very good real demonstration of what precise motion control can be .
Wired.com : Nintendo had done experiments with camera control in the past .
What do you think of the idea of controlling a game with nothing , no controller , in your hands ?
Do you think that costs aside that that 's a good idea , or that you do need something physical to hold on to ?
Miyamoto :
You ask sharp questions , do n't you ?
As someone who thinks of things from the perspective of creating interactive experiences , I really think that you do need something .
I do n't think as a creator that I could create an experience that truly feels interactive if you do n't have something to hold in your hand , if you do n't have something like force feedback that you can feel from the controller .
That 's why I think the Wii remote , particularly with Wii MotionPlus , makes for such a strong experience .
I think that some of their designers are going to be faced with that question going forward , and they 'll have to find solutions to that , and perhaps that 's why you see for one of the devices that it 's not simply a camera , but that you 're holding some kind of wand with lights that change colors .
I think those are interesting ideas , and there are interesting ways that that could be developed , but those are challenges that they 're still facing and trying to learn to overcome .
Raising a couple of examples , the archery in Wii Sports Resort feels very , very good .
Another one that I think is very interesting is Frisbee .
Because with Frisbee , you not only have that precision motion , but when you throw the Frisbee you hear that sound of the Frisbee flying through the air coming out of the Wii remote speaker .
And that does an amazing job of making it feel like you 've just thrown a Frisbee .
We 've been working with motion control for several years now , and have really learned how to take advantage of it and what can be done with it .
Looking at what the other companies have shown here at E3 , it feels like they have finally obtained the very basic technology for doing motion control , but perhaps they still have to learn how to use that and take advantage of it in an interactive experience .
Hopefully you wo n't write this in too great detail .
Maybe you wo n't write that I said those things specifically .
__Wired.com : __Unfortunately , I 'm planning on writing everything .
And I have another sharp question : Super Mario Galaxy 2 .
I was surprised to see this announced , because as was said , typically Nintendo does n't do two Mario games on one console , and beyond that it 's a very straightforward follow - up with similar levels , which is something that we rarely see in the Mario series .
Why the change in philosophy that says it 's ok to do a sequel ?
Miyamoto :
The biggest reason is because we simply had n't run out of ideas within the system that we 'd created for * Super Mario Galaxy *.
One of the biggest ideas that we felt we did n't take good enough advantage of in the first one was " China Syndrome , " or the idea that if you drill a hole straight through the earth in one place , you would end up on the other side , so if you drill a hole from Tokyo you would end up in New York .
We had some elements of that but the first thing that we did in * Super Mario Galaxy 2 * was to create the drill item that you saw in the trailer .
We felt that as soon as we completed the drill item and began playing around with it , we felt that with just that one item there was a lot that we could do that would really make the game a lot of fun .
Wired.com :
You 've added Yoshi , which is something that people are really interested in .
How does that change the gameplay mechanics ?
Miyamoto :
In Super Mario Galaxy , one of the features of the game was the pointer functionality – you were able to point at things in the game , and grab onto them , and pull yourself through , and things like that .
We felt that was somewhat similar to one of the things that Yoshi could do , and in bringing Yoshi in , it felt like a new approach to it and that there was a lot of fun that could be had .
I think it 's kind of difficult for us to have Mario running around and carrying things in the world , but by incorporating Yoshi there 's a variety of different ways that we can have Yoshi carrying things and using that as a new gameplay element as well .
Graduate students from NYU 's Tisch School of the Arts demonstrate their Qurious app , which displays information about actors appearing in a given scene .
Wired.com : Super Mario Galaxy was also the first time where we saw a story in a Mario game that was more than just window dressing , that was a really interesting narrative .
Are we going to see more of that ?
__Miyamoto : __I 've talked to ( Galaxy director Yoshiaki ) Koizumi about that a lot , but this time I 'd like to go with as little story as possible .
I 've always felt that the Mario games themselves are n't particularly suited to having a very heavy story , whereas the Zelda series is something that lends itself more naturally to that idea .
We 've differentiated a little bit between those two , because the * Zelda * games have had an in - depth story whereas the Mario games have not .
Mr. Koizumi is the type of person who , whenever we 're working on a new Mario game , he always wants to bring more story elements into it , as he did with Super Mario Galaxy .
But in talking with him this time , he agrees and feels that with Galaxy 2 , there wo n't be a need for as deep of a story .
I think you did see a person carved out of a tree stump in the trailer .
That person has a bit of a story .
Wired.com :
When I talked to Mr. Koizumi , he said that he would try to sneak in story elements without you knowing .
Miyamoto :
Well , I put a stop to that at the beginning , this time ( laughs ) .
Wired.com :
Why do you think that Mario games are n't served by having a story ?
__Miyamoto : __I just feel that the Mario games are something that should be a much more bright and active experience .
The games are much more of a physical action type of game .
My feeling is that with the Mario games , you do n't need to have such a complicated setting where you have these particular characters with complicated backstories that can weigh down the bright and fun feel of the game .
So in that sense , I feel that even if all that you have is that the villain is just simply a villain and you fight them , and you throw them down , and you find out , well , that was n't such a bad villain after all , that 's enough story for ultimately what is just about a very fun experience .
I think what 's really the most ideal thing is for the player themselves , within their own imagination , to carve out what they view as being the essence of the character .
With New Super Mario Bros .
Wii as well , we 've had some battles over the story elements .
They always want to have these dramatic scenes where Princess Peach gets kidnapped , but I always tell them , no , it 's fine – Princess Peach likes cake , so you can just have them use cake as bait to kidnap Princess Peach , and that 's enough .
I was thinking they could have these big ships come in , and they 've got these big chains all over them , and they drop a plate down with cake on it ( laughs ) .
__Wired.com : __That 's good .
I would have saved that for the game instead of telling me .
Shifting gears again :
Why did you decide to show that image from Zelda at a Q&A session , instead of the press conference ?
Miyamoto :
There are a couple of reasons .
One is that personally I think the videogame industry has adopted a bit of a bad habit in this idea of announcing games long before they 're ever going to release .
I do n't necessarily think it 's the most healthy of habits .
In terms of the media briefing itself , for us that 's a place where we 're going to talk about our business for the coming year and the products that we 're going to release over the next 12 months or so .
To that end , looking at how many products we have here at the show , we felt that it was important to focus on those products , important to focus on the Metroid announcement , and that the announcement of a Zelda game was not as high of a priority .
It 's a particular challenge for me , and the way that I develop games , because we tend to not release games before they 're done , and that makes it hard to announce things very far in advance .
The other reason , relating to * Zelda * in particular , is that the development of Zelda has been focused strictly on the gameplay structure at this point .
We have n't devoted much in the way of efforts to things like graphical representation , and story , and those types of production elements .
Because of that , we thought it was just more valuable to continue have the team focus their energies on creating what will be a very entertaining gameplay system , rather than have them waste their energies creating a trailer to announce a game at E3 very far in advance .
Wired.com :
You 've mentioned that you 're not sure if the game 's going to be Motion Plus or not Motion Plus – why not make it exclusive ?
Does n't it handicap you if you have to make two different control schemes ?
Miyamoto :
Of course , we do n't yet know how things are going to go .
We 're doing our best with what we 've created with Wii Sports Resort .
We feel confident that it 's a strong product and that it will help to really drive the install base of Wii Motion Plus .
Hopefully with something like Wii Sports Resort , people will feel like they want to have two Wii Motion Plus units in the house to be able to play that game .
But the goal at this point is that we would make Wii Motion Plus required in order to play Zelda .
The bigger hurdle for us is not really whether people have a Wii Motion Plus or do n't have it , it 's whether or not the experience is one where people will think they want to have a Wii Motion Plus in order to experience it .
I have actually been a little bit reassured here at the show , watching how people play New Super Mario Bros .
Wii .
There may be a group of people out there who look at people playing motion control games and have a hesitancy to try to play those because they 're worried that they might not look so cool , swinging a Wii remote around .
But in watching people play New Super Mario Bros .
Wii , even though it 's just a simple shaking motion , I 'm watching people play New Super Mario Bros .
Wii with a big grin on their face .
So I 'm hoping that we might be able to create a similar - feeling experience for Zelda .
__Wired.com : __With the Japanese videogame market as it is , sales Japanese games in general seem to be declining all over the world , what kind of pressure do you feel as the preeminent Japanese videogame designer to not only help Nintendo but help the rest of the industry ?
What are you doing to help Japan get back to a healthier state ?
__Miyamoto : __When people are faced with a situation , they 'll assess that situation and based on that assessment they 'll think : " Well , if these products are n't selling , what products can I make that will perform better ? "
Perhaps , up until now , in the Japanese games industry the situation has been that people could make whatever they wanted and it would perform fairly well .
So in looking at the situation , I think that gradually with time people will begin looking at it more objectively , and assess the situation , and we 'll start to see them releasing titles that will begin to perform better .
I do n't think it 's a situation where the consumers are bad for not buying the games , or that the marketing for the games has failed – it's that the people who are planning and designing the games have n't really , maybe they 've created games that there 's not demand for .
I think that in that sense going forward , they will be forced to look at what their plans are and the types of games that they 're designing , and hopefully that will inspire them to do things that are new and different .
I do n't think it 's Nintendo 's position to tell people what types of games they should be making or how they should be approaching their game design .
But what I do think Nintendo can do is that when we see those types of creative minds coming to the industry , and coming up with creative new ideas , then I think that what we can do is support them the best that we can .
Of course , the other thing that we can do is create new interfaces that will give them the chance to create new games .
( Professor Layton publisher ) Level - 5 is a great example of a Japanese developer whose games are doing very well all over the world .
They did n't jump on any trends in the industry .
Instead , what they did was they looked at the DS install base and they looked at the userbase that 's playing Nintendo DS , and they said , well , what type of game can we create that 's going to appeal to a larger audience .
When you begin working on a product like that , you do n't know whether it 's going to sell only in Japan or if it 's going to perform well in America or Europe , but that 's one example of a developer that 's done something new and different with their games .
I think that Level - 5 , when they 're creating their games , they 're creating them from the perspective of who 's going to be playing their games , rather than from the perspective of what types of games are doing well , and how can we also try to do well in that same area .
So it 's a heavy discussion .
I am talking fairly straightly , but I do n't want this to be taken as criticism , so I hope you write it in a way that points to it more as observation than criticism .
See Also :
New Zealand ’s Fjordland is home to some of Planet Earth ’s most stunning landscapes .
Most tourists head straight for Milford Sound , which is easily accessible via bus or coach , courtesy of a large mountain tunnel .
But for those who have the time and are looking to head a bit further afield , I ’d like to suggest the scenic silence of Doubtful Sound .
Doubtful Sound .
I opted for an overnight tour of Doubtful Sound aboard Real Journey ’s Fjordland Navigator , if for no other reason than to compensate for the crazy trip just to get there .
My trek started from Te Anau , a quiet town where I ’d been spending a few days relaxing and exploring the nearby walking trails .
A bus took me down to Lake Manapouri , where a boat floated us across this massive lake to a dock near the Manapouri power station , almost a tourist attraction in itself as the largest hydroelectric power station in New Zealand .
We were thankful for the power station , though , because its construction led to the road that was built leading down to Doubtful Sound itself .
It ’s a steep , narrow road and apparently one of the most expensive to be built in the country , with materials shipped in by sea and literally built out away from the coast up to the plant .
Safely aboard the Navigator , we set sail , and the unbroken stillness of the sound became quickly apparent .
We were the only ship in sight , and no other human influence was felt in this deep green valley ; the gorge walls rose far above us and the dark waters of the ocean around reflected back at me like a giant mirror .
Massive waterfalls plunging thousands of gallons of water kept a gentle roar in the background nearly the entire trip .
On board , the ship ’s staff took good care of us .
Fresh muffins , still hot from the oven , were served in the late afternoon , warming us up as the cold winds from the sea started to make an appearance .
Misty clouds appeared , and for awhile the scene felt somewhat sinister , as if we were privy to a scene of nature normally kept private .
Doubtful Sound .
The boat was to moor in one of the “ arms ” , or sections , of Doubtful Sound for the evening , to stay safe from any storms out at sea .
A stop was made to allow guests to go swimming or kayaking – those that wished to stay dry boarded smaller boats to go check out the flora on the neighboring cliff face .
I stayed on board , just to relax and reflect .
As dusk set , the entire sky was filled with a strange , reddish - blue hue .
It was the most stunning sunset you can get without actually seeing the sun .
Darkness brought on an eerie blackness , punctuated by the occasional sound of animals out on their nocturnal hunts .
On - board it was all action , as a several course meal was served and the bar was opened , fully stocked with delicious Kiwi wines and beers .
Guests swapped New Zealand travel stories and at one point a number of board games appeared .
It was as if a giant family meal was taking place , unaware or not bothered by the surreal , remote location .
Morning brought a reminder of the natural paradise surrounding – the waterfalls still raged , the water still reflected cleanly .
We sped out to the coast to visit a sea lion colony – hundreds of the creatures barked and flapped wildly at our unannounced arrival .
The sea , just beyond a treacherous - looking opening at the mouth of the sound , lashed wildly against the shoreline .
I think most of us were happy to see us turn and head back inland .
Upon arrival back at the docks , it took the entire journey home to take in all the sensations of that incredible journey .
Bus , boat , and after another bus , back in Te Anau I thought back to Doubtful and it almost seemed like a mirage .
Like a New Zealand dream …
Since 1999 we are the only medical office software built on a 100 % cloud platform .
This gives customers unprecedented access to all your information , unwavering data security , and simplified storage with automatic backup .
No one else has this type of capability , which means starting or growing your practice on the cloud is as easy and affordable as it gets .
We have a single code set that is continuously updated with enhancements and new features , which means you always get the latest edition every time you log in .
It ’s that simple .
Our software is hosted and managed on Amazon Web Services ( AWS ) for the highest levels of reliability , security and performance .
Our cloud platform makes our software simple to access across multiple devices and platforms with complete availability of all your information .
You get a server - free platform so running your practice can be much more efficient .
The AdvancedMD cloud lets you work from anywhere and any member of your staff can access information simply and securely through a browser or iPhone .
Some of the most interesting and inspiring viral videos take some skill and a whole lot of patience .
Just take a look at this stop-motion video of a bunch Post - It Notes on a wall .
( Video )
This is a senior project from a student at Savannah College of Art and Design .
They also documented the making of this video :
Via yugatech
Benny Greb
Excerpt from the Drum Solo
from the DVD : The Language of Drumming
Lately ofono and ConnMan have been in the news , and that ’s sparked some discussion about how these two projects relate to NetworkManager .
I ’ve mostly just been ignoring that discussion and focusing on making NetworkManager better .
But at some point the discussion needs to become informed and the facts need to be straightened out .
So what makes NetworkManager great ?
Flexibility : NM ’s D - Bus interface provides a ton of control and information about the network connections of your machine .
Developers and applications simply do n’t take enough advantage of this .
Imagine mail automatically pulled whenever the corporate VPN is up .
Or more restrictive firewalls when connected to public networks .
Yeah , you can do that today with NetworkManager .
NM ’s D - Bus interface provides a ton of control and information about the network connections of your machine .
Developers and applications simply do n’t take enough advantage of this .
Imagine mail automatically pulled whenever the corporate VPN is up .
Or more restrictive firewalls when connected to public networks .
Yeah , you can do that today with NetworkManager .
Works everywhere : from the mainframe to the power desktop to the netbook and lower .
There ’s nothing stopping you from running NetworkManager on an s390 or a Palm Pre .
from the mainframe to the power desktop to the netbook and lower .
There ’s nothing stopping you from running NetworkManager on an s390 or a Palm Pre.
Integration : most users like NetworkManager ’s distro integration , so it ’s on by default ( but can be turned off for running bare - metal ) .
NM will read your distro ’s network config files : ifcfg on Fedora , /etc / network / interfaces on Debian , etc .
It does n’t pretend the rest of the world does n’t exist , but it can if you tell it to .
most users like NetworkManager ’s distro integration , so it ’s on by default ( but can be turned off for running bare - metal ) .
NM will read your distro ’s network config files : ifcfg on Fedora , /etc / network / interfaces on Debian , etc .
It does n’t pretend the rest of the world does n’t exist , but it can if you tell it to .
Connection Sharing : you can share your 3G connection to the wired or the wifi interface , or the other way around .
How you share is completely up to you .
you can share your 3G connection to the wired or the wifi interface , or the other way around .
How you share is completely up to you .
VPN : it ’s got plugins for Cisco ( vpnc ) , openvpn , openconnect , and pptp .
An ipsec / openswan plugin is being written .
It ’s just easy to use the VPN of your choice .
it ’s got plugins for Cisco ( vpnc ) , openvpn , openconnect , and pptp .
An ipsec / openswan plugin is being written .
It ’s just easy to use the VPN of your choice .
Makes Linux better : by not working around stupid vendor drivers or other broken components , Network Manager drives many improvements in drivers , kernel APIs , the supplicant , and desktop applications .
Five years ago I posted a list of wifi problems , many of which got fixed because NetworkManager users complained about them .
Stuff like WPA capability fixes , hidden SSID fixes , suspend / resume improvements , Ad - Hoc mode fixes , and lots of improvements to wpa_supplicant to name just a few .
By encouraging drivers to be open , by fixing bugs in the open drivers and the stack instead of hacking around them , and by encouraging vendors to work upstream , Network Manager makes Linux better for you .
What great stuff is coming next ?
All in all , a lot of great stuff is on the plate .
NetworkManager already works well for a ton of people , but we ’d like to make it work better for a lot more people .
And it will .
So what about ConnMan ?
I recently came across a slide deck about ConnMan which makes both disappointing and inaccurate claims about NetworkManager .
It ’s also worth emphasizing the philosophical differences between the two projects .
First , ConnMan primarily targets embedded devices , netbooks , and MIDs ( slide # 1 ) .
When ConnMan was first released in early 2008 , NetworkManager 0.7 was under heavy development , and NetworkManager 0.6 clearly did not meet the requirements .
But 0.7 , released in November 2008 , works well for a wide range of use - cases and hardware platforms .
NetworkManager scales from netbooks , MIDs , and embedded devices with custom - written UIs to desktops to large systems like IBM ’s s390 .
You get the best of both worlds : from phenomenal cosmic power down to itty - bitty living space .
ConnMan explicitly does n’t try to integrate with existing distributions ( slide # 5 ) , partly due to it ’s requirements to be as light - weight as possible .
But NetworkManager will use your distro ’s normal network config and startup scripts if you tell it to do ( but you do n’t have to ) .
Early in NetworkManager days we tried to ignore the rest of the world too .
Turns out that does n’t work so well ; users demand integration with their distribution .
But ConnMan does n’t pretend to be general purpose , and due to its embedded focus , it can wave this issue away .
Both ConnMan and ofono reject well - established technologies like GObject ( but still uses glib ) in favor of re-implementing much of GObject internally anyway .
This is a curious decision as GObject is not a memory hog and not a performance drag for these cases .
The NIH syndrome continues with libgppp , libgdhcp , and libgdbus , where instead of improving existing , widely - used tools like dhclient / dhcpcd , pppd , and dbus - glib , ConnMan opts to re-implement them in the name of being more “ lightweight ” .
With embedded projects that ConnMan targets ( like Maemo and Moblin ) already using GObject and dhcpcd , I do n’t understand why this tradeoff was made .
Perhaps this visceral dislike of GObject and dbus - glib was one reason the project ’s creators decided to write their own connection manager instead of helping to improve existing ones .
NetworkManager in contrast re-uses and helps improve components all over the Linux stack .
Because of that , more people benefit from the fixes and improvements that NetworkManager drives in projects like avahi , wpa_supplicant , the kernel , pppd , glib , dbus - glib , ModemManager , libnl , Policy Kit , udev , etc .
Taking a look at the deck
I have things to say about most of the slides , but I ’ll concentrate on the most interesting and misinformed ones instead .
Very Complex Design : a complete strawman , because it does n’t say anything .
NetworkManager 0.7 is a mature project with many useful features .
NM is based around a core of objects , each one performing actions based on signals and events from other objects .
It ’s modular and flexible .
It ’s just not a ConnMan - style box of lego blocks with a rigid plugin API and all the problems that causes .
Large Dependency List : NM requires things like wpa_supplicant , udev , dbus , glib , libuuid , libnl , and a crypto library .
pppd and avahi are optional .
This list is certainly not large .
When you take ConnMan and its optional dependencies ( most of which are needed in a useful system ) the list is just about the same .
.
When you take ConnMan and its optional dependencies ( most of which are needed in a useful system ) the list is just about the same .
Too Much Decision - making in the UI : Completely bogus and frankly incomprehensible .
The core NM daemon provides a default policy which is in no way connected to the UI , and the rest is up to the user .
nm - applet contains no policy whatsoever .
If the objection is to nm - applet ’s desktop - centric interaction model , then it ’s important to know there is no lack of applets for different use - cases .
and frankly incomprehensible .
The core NM daemon provides a default policy which is in no way connected to the UI , and the rest is up to the user .
nm - applet contains no policy whatsoever .
If the objection is to nm - applet ’s desktop - centric interaction model , then it ’s important to know there is no lack of applets for different use - cases .
Tries to work around distro problems : this is completely a matter of perspective .
Since Intel was creating its own Linux distribution ( moblin ) , they did n’t have to work around any existing issues ; these were simply waved away .
Unfortunately NetworkManager lives in the world of reality and not some universe full of ponies .
For users that expect it , Network Manager integrates with your distros existing network config , init scripts , and DNS resolution .
For users that do n’t care , Network Manager can run bare - metal .
and not some universe full of ponies .
For users that expect it , Network Manager integrates with your distros existing network config , init scripts , and DNS resolution .
For users that do n’t care , Network Manager can run bare - metal .
Too much GNOME - like source code : seriously , what the hell ?
I ’m not sure where to begin with this one .
The NetworkManager core does not depend on GNOME .
At all .
Yeah , the source - code is in the Gnome style , but is that seriously an issue ?
( Misinformation shaded blue for your protection )
The User Settings service is contained in the applet , and it ’s completely optional .
The System Settings service has been merged back into the NetworkManager core daemon and is no longer a separate process .
That same commit ported NM from HAL to udev ; thus HAL is no longer required .
NetworkManager always used HAL / udev for device detection instead of RTNL ( ie , netlink ) .
NetworkManager also has n’t used WEXT for a long time ; wpa_supplicant handles kernel wireless configuration .
NetworkManager uses distro networking scripts only for service control , as does ConnMan .
The rest of the slide is quite petty and just splits hairs .
Where to ?
It ’s unlikely that either NetworkManager or ConnMan will disappear in the near future .
That means we ’ll all have to live with two mutually exclusive connection managers and two completely different network configuration systems .
I think that ’s pretty pointless , but I do n’t get the last word anyway , since that ’s not how Open Source works .
The users will decide which solution works best for them .
And that means NetworkManager will keep getting better , keep getting more useful , and will continue to be the easiest network management solution around .
In the late 2000s , the Wubi installer offered a single Windows application to install Ubuntu to a Windows - based computer .
However , it has n't been supported since Ubuntu 12.04 and is no longer actively developed .
Although an EFI - compliant forked project occasionally sees some activity , the Wubi project is discontinued and no longer available for Ubuntu installation .
Father “ Dollar Bill ” Hands Out Money to Homeless on Skid Row
Father Maurice Chase , known as Father " Dollar Bill " has spent his Sundays talking with and giving money to homeless residents of Los Angeles ' Skid Row for over 24 years .
For the homeless people living in Los Angeles ’ Skid Row , there ’s not much to hope for — except on Sundays .
That ’s when Father Maurice Chase , better known as Father Dollar Bill , hands out thousands of dollars in cash to the people who need it most outside of the local Salvation Army .
Some people receive single dollar bills , others receive $ 20s , and some receive as much as $ 100 .
“ The Lord tells me who needs it most , ” Chase told the LA Daily News .
Father Chase , now 90 years old , has spent every Sunday helping the people of Skid Row for more than 24 years , and estimates that he has given out more than $ 100,000 over the years .
The money comes from his Skid Row Charities Fund , which has received donations from celebrities including Barbara Streisand .
He was inspired on his mission by a long - ago encounter with Mother Theresa .
“ She told me , ‘ Touch the poor , ’ ” Chase told the Daily News .
“ And , every Sunday , I touch the poor . ”
Although Chase is getting up there in years , he plans to continue doing his weekly meetings with the poor for as long as he possibly can .
“ There ’s a greater joy in giving than receiving , ” he told NPR ’s Weekend Edition .
“ I ’m just giving , giving , giving .
I ’m not bragging about it , I ’m just telling you what makes me happier than any priest in the United States . ”
Watch a video of Father Chase passing out money on Skid Row from NPR ’s Weekend Edition .
Those of you who managed to pick up Street Fighter IV know just how incredibly well balanced and well made this game is .
It has an impressive amount of polish , and the whole experience ( except for maybe the [ shal ] final boss [ / shal ] ) is fun and addictive .
But there has still been some mystery over how the [ shal ] damage [ / shal ] system works .
That is until now .
The Combo System :
The combo system works in the following way .
The first two successful hits deliver 100 % damage , while the third hit delivers 80 % of that move ’s original damage .
And each subsequent hit has an extra 10 % of damage shaved off .
For example , the fourth hit will deliver 70 % , the fifth move 60 % , etc .
After the ninth successful hit , damage is shaved off in 1 % increments .
This is vital information if you have multiple combos that you want to string together , and also lets you know when to stop attacking , as combos have steadily diminishing returns .
Ultras and Focus Attacks :
Ultras and Focus Attacks count as two moves .
If used within a combo , the damage scaling will affect them accordingly .
For example , if a focus attack or ultra is the 4th move within a combo , it will only count as 60 % of the original damage .
This is because it counts as the 4th move and the 5th move .
The Exceptions :
Throws , Supers , and EX - Moves only count as one move .
E. Honda ’s Hundred Hand Slap only counts as one move .
[ shal ] Chun Li[ / shal ] ’s Jumping Hard Punch counts as two moves .
* If a move requires extra controller input to pull off , it ’s going to count as two moves *
Damage Reduction :
The more damage a fighter receives , the less damage they ’re going to take .
This works in tandem with the damage scaling Combo System , so there ’s some notable math involved if you ’re a fighting game statistician .
Damage scaling is flipped on when a fighter ’s health dips below 50 % .
When health dips to 26~ 50 % , damage is scaled to 95 % .
When health dips to 16 ~ 25 % , damage is scaled to 90 % .
When health dips to 1~15 % , damage is scaled to 75 % .
This information should help out both the hardcore players , as well as casual players who simply wondered why damage dished out and damage received is n’t consistent during each match .
There are specific rules , and this knowledge will definitely give you a leg up if you study the move list of each character .
[ Source ]
Videofon Güvenlik Teknolojileri A.Ş. Elektonik güvenlik sistemleri sektöründe öncü firmalardan biri olan Videofon Güvenlik Teknolojileri Dcode ve Avtech marka kamera sistemleri ve Paradox marka alarm sistemleriTürkiye Distribitörü olup Bayi satış odaklı çalı şmakta olan bir firmadır .
FİRMAYI DETAYLI İNCELE
Ekingen Elektronik Elektonik güvenlik sistemleri sektöründe öncü firmalardan biri olan Ekingen Elektronik Birçok farklı markanın Türkiye Distribitörü olup Bayi satış odaklı çalı şmakta olan bir firmadır .
FİRMAYI DETAYLI İNCELE
Tom Tancredo is n't the first to compare the National Council of La Raza to the Ku Klux Klan .
But his use of the comparison not only tells us a lot about Tancredo himself , but also movement conservatism generally and the Republican Party particularly .
It especially tells us a lot about how readily they overinflate their own claims of anti-white racism on the part of minorities , while simultaneously minimizing the horrific terror of groups like the Klan .
Back in January of 2008 , Jim Gilchrist -- cofounder of the nativist border - watch group The Minutemen -- used the same analogy on Glenn Beck 's CNN Headline News program :
During the segment , Gilchrist compared the National Council of La Raza , which identifies itself as the " largest national Hispanic civil rights and advocacy organization in the United States , " to the Ku Klux Klan .
He claimed that a sign in downtown Los Angeles identifying " La Raza Plaza " " is perhaps a racist sign , " and asserted that " La Raza and MEChA [ the Movimiento Estudiantil Chicano de Aztlán ] are , in my opinion , the largest organized racial supremacy group in the United States today .
And if we 're going to have a La Raza Plaza sign , what 's next ?
A KKK Plaza sign , a Black Panther Plaza sign ?
This goes right to the heart of free speech . "
As always , this kind of rhetoric quickly circulates among rank - and - file members of groups like the Minutemen .
Last July , Kyledeb of Citizen Orange talked to members of the Minutemen who were protesting NCLR 's annual convention and recorded it on video .
As you can see above , it 's a pretty revealing encounter with the people waving signs equating La Raza with neo -Nazis and the Klan .
Note , however , that this " Ku Klux Klan " meme originated with earlier , similar claims about MEChA -- claims that have since been thoroughly debunked , though they still enjoy considerable circulation on the right .
And who originated the " MEChA = the KKK " claim ?
None other than Michelle Malkin and Glenn Reynolds , who even went so far as to call MEChA -- in a case of mistaken identity for which he never apologized -- " fascist hatemongers " .
Moreover , the whole " MEChA is a racist group " meme played a founding role in the whole Reconquista !
conspiracy theory promoted by Malkin et. al .
Let 's get some perspective , people .
Consider the actual record of genuinely racist organizations -- particularly the Ku Klux Klan , which has endured even today through multiple incarnations in America .
The first of these incarnations was , according to Robert O. Paxton , the first functional manifestation of fascism in history , the Reconstruction Klan .
Here is its record , according to Philip Dray in At the Hands of Persons Unknown : The Lynching of Black America :
Richard Maxwell Brown 's comprehensive study of vigilante violence in America estimates that in the four years 1868 - 71 there were more than four hundred Klan lynchings in the South , Union general Phil Sheridan calculated that 3,500 whites and blacks were killed between 1865 and 1875 , Ida Wells - Barnett , writing in the 1890s , put the number of Negroes killed by whites since 1865 at 10,000 m with only three white men executed for crimes against blacks in that period .
…
Author Dorothy Sterling , who combed through man thousands of documents and oral histories in her preparation of a noted compendium on the Reconstruction era , cited 20,000 as the number killed by the Klan just in the four years 1868 - 71 .
The Klan revived in 1916 after years of dormancy and was responsible for a broad range of lynchings , " race riots " and anti-black purges in the South over the ensuing 15 years or so , in which hundreds of African Americans were brutally murdered en masse ( as in Tulsa ) and individually .
And it has continued to be associated even today with an array of hate crimes and heinous acts of terrorism against various minorities .
You can tell a real hate group by what it 's preoccupied with .
If its main agenda is about tearing down target races and demonizing their members , as well as paranoid stewing about the loss of power and privilege of their own group , then you 're looking at a real hate group .
If , on the other hand , it 's focused solely on uplifting members of its own group ( something , incidentally , which many white - supremacist groups claim to be , though their hatemongering always surfaces in short order ) , then that 's not a hate group .
That 's an ethnic - heritage group , like the Sons of Norway and the Irish - American League .
Or the National Council La Raza -- especially the La Raza that Kyledeb demonstrates in the video above , safely corporate , hardly the wild - eyed radicals the wingnuts have concocted in their fantasies .
( Its name , for you right - wing feebs out there , does not mean " The Race " .
It translates more accurately as " The People . "
It refers specifically to people of Mexican heritage , but generically of Latino heritage .
And Mexico is in fact a multiracial society . )
But the right 's increasingly mouth - foaming wingnut bloc has n't any use for facts that get in the way of the stories they want to tell -- and the rest of the right is happy to sit silently by and let them tell 'em .
Which tells us , I think , that these folks are a long , long , long , loooooooong way off from figuring out where they went wrong .
Let 's be clear here , this is about who said what , who was where when it was said , and who is lying here in regards to who knew what about " torture " .
The White House may not like what Pelosi said yesterday , but one thing for sure , she put many on notice in D.C .
She pointedly stated , " ... release the briefings .... " , while former Senator Graham of Florida backed up her claims in regards to the CIA and their truthiness .
As Lawrence O'Donnell stated this morning , " ... Let 's not pretend we are dealing with the first accusation from the Congress about the CIA lying in these kinds of briefings .... "
It is the CIAs job to be professional liars , sorry but it is .
Does anyone think this agency will be honest and straight forward with the public ?
We are the last to know anything of what happens at " the company " .
Why do you think many at " the company " were worried when Obama was elected ?
Because of what is happening right now , because they were right smack dab in the middle of it , period .
Now the credibility of Pelosi is in question and this story moves forward on releasing all information and putting it on the table .
The Republicans wanted and needed , anything or anyone , to create a boogey man or woman , with Pelosi they have it .
And yes , this makes the White House mad , the same White House that was going to release torture pictures only to do a turn around on the matter .
So , no one should be surprised at the Republicans backing the CIA , 100 % .
They must because they have lost the national security argument thanks to the Bush Administration .
But backing what the CIA did from the command of the Bush Administration , in the end , does not make it right .
Why ?
Because when , not if , when all this information is put on the table , no one will walk away with clean hands , especially the Republicans , since they were in charge when all this was going on .
And President Obama ?
He has a fine web to weave , indeed .
Next popcorn moment ?
What the White House will say in regards to Nancy Pelosi 's statement on the CIA , yesterday .
Oh , while typing this , former Senator Bob Graham was just on MSNBC , again , backing up Pelosi 's argument about the CIA and reiterating the meticulous notes he took while in the senate and the truthiness of the CIA .
Cross-posted @ Daily Kos
Home Page
Opening Day roster prediction
By Mark Bowman
Like the NCAA tournament brackets I will sumbit later this month , there is no way this first Opening Day roster prediction will prove to be perfect .
The only difference is that barring a significant injury , I might still feel good about …
James Mitchell Asked , ‘ Please Can I Torture Abu Zubaydah ? ’ ; Did Alberto Gonzales Say Yes ?
Created : May 20 , 2009 17:54 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
Ex -FBI agent Ali Soufan ’s account of the interrogation of Abu Zubaydah is roughly this : he and several other interrogators from both FBI and CIA objected to the application of torture techniques from at least April to June 2002 ( after which point Soufan left the interrogation team ) from a former SERE psychologist and CIA contractor named James Mitchell .
Ultimately Mitchell ’s techniques — the waterboard , the “ confinement box ” — received the blessing of the Justice Department ’s Office of Legal Counsel on August 1 , 2002 , though Abu Zubaydah was treated harshly before then .
NPR ’s Ari Shapiro adds significant new information to that picture .
According to Shapiro , Mitchell was in frequent contact with the CIA ’s Counterterrorist Center from the site at which Abu Zubaydah was being held , asking for approval for the use of his techniques , and the ACLU yesterday obtained a document to support the claim .
Counterterrorist Center officials apparently ran the gauntlet for approving the techniques up to White House counsel Alberto Gonzales .
The source says nearly every day , Mitchell would sit at his computer and write a top secret cable to the CIA ’s counterterrorism center .
Each day , Mitchell would request permission to use enhanced interrogation techniques on Zubaydah .
The source says the CIA would then forward the request to the White House , where White House counsel Alberto Gonzales would sign off on the technique .
That would provide the Administration ’s legal blessing for Mitchell to increase the pressure on Zubaydah in the next interrogation .
A new document is consistent with the source ’s account .
Late May 19 , the CIA sent the ACLU a spreadsheet as part of a lawsuit under the Freedom of Information Act .
The log shows the number of top secret cables that went from Zubaydah ’s black site prison to CIA headquarters each day .
Through the spring and summer of 2002 , the log shows someone sent headquarters several cables a day .
Now , note that Gonzales at the time was n’t the attorney general .
He was n’t the chief legal official for the government .
He was the president ’s lawyer , powerless to bless the actions of a federal agency like the CIA .
( Shapiro quotes a number of ex-officials who establish that point . )
A separate CIA - White House channel in the spring of 2002 would , at the least , contextualize the CIA ’s efforts at getting the approval of the Justice Department for the harsh interrogation regimen — though it ’s unclear what legal butt - covering Gonzales would have been able to provide in the first place .
Gonzales did n’t respond to NPR , according to Shapiro .
If you go to this page and click on “ List of Contemporaneous and Derivative Records ( May 18 , 2009 ) ” then you can see this voluminous log .
There are 580 listed communications from the “ field ” to CIA headquarters , almost all from 2002 .
It takes until communication # 471 before reaching a point in time when the communication could be about a different detainee from Abu Zubaydah , since it ’s not until sometime in November 2002 that Abd al - Rahim al - Nashiri , another detainee the CIA waterboarded , was captured .
And 249 of these communications occur before the August 1 , 2002 Office of Legal Counsel memo blessing the torture techniques Mitchell advocated .
[ UPDATE : Marcy
Wheeler emails to remind me that the International Committee of the Red Cross ' report on the CIA 's ex-detainees lists al - Nashiri 's arrest as occurring in October 2002 in Dubai , so there are 415 communications that could only be about Abu Zubaydah , not 470 .
The ACLU 's Jameel Jaffer says that these logs , obtained thanks to their lawsuit about the CIA 's destroyed torture tapes , only concern the interrogations of Abu Zubaydah and al - Nashiri . ]
This still does n’t address a central question raised by Soufan ’s testimony to a Senate Judiciary Committee subpanel .
If Soufan is telling the truth , then someone at the CIA must have overruled the agency ’s own torture - dissenting interrogators at the Abu Zubaydah interrogation in favor of Mitchell , an agency contractor .
Did any of them send cables to the Counterterrorist Center ?
Was the Counterterrorist Center aware of their objections to torturing Abu Zubaydah ?
And if so , why did they overrule their own officers in favor of a contractor who did n’t come from an agency that conducts interrogations ?
Cofer Black was head of the Counterterrorist Center when the interrogation of Abu Zubaydah began — he ’s now an official with Xe — and Jose Rodriguez , he of the torture - tapes destruction scandal , took over for Black in May 2002 .
What did they know and when did they know it ?
How many of the communications to CIA headqurters listed in the logs were from CIA interrogators at Abu Zubaydah ’s interrogation chamber objecting to Mitchell ’s techniques ?
Steve Kleinman , an Air Force Reserve colonel and a trained interrogator affiliated with the military office that oversees the SERE program , told me last week that the real linchpins here are n’t Mitchell and his SERE colleague , Bruce Jessen , but the senior CIA officials who gave them contracts in late 2001 and “ brought [ them ] in with eyes wide open , to run an interrogation program . ”
These logs give Kleinman more support for that proposition .
Colorization is a computer - assisted process of adding color to a monochrome image or movie .
The process typically involves segmenting images into regions and tracking these regions across image sequences .
Neither of these tasks can be performed reliably in practice ; consequently , colorization requires considerable user intervention and remains a tedious , time - consuming , and expensive task .
In this paper we present a simple colorization method that requires neither precise image segmentation , nor accurate region tracking .
Our method is based on a simple premise : neighboring pixels in space - time that have similar intensities should have similar colors .
We formalize this premise using a quadratic cost function and obtain an optimization problem that can be solved efficiently using standard techniques .
In our approach an artist only needs to annotate the image with a few color scribbles , and the indicated colors are automatically propagated in both space and time to produce a fully colorized image or sequence .
We demonstrate that high quality colorizations of stills and movie clips may be obtained from a relatively modest amount of user input .
Still image colorization examples
Progressive colorization example
Recoloring examples
Video clip colorization examples
Note :
The camera ready version of the paper can be downloaded here .
: The camera ready version of the paper can be downloaded here .
Matlab code of our algorithm can be downloaded here .
Obama 's Doctor Knocks ObamaCare
By David Whelan
Forbes
06.18.09
David Scheiner , an internist based in the Chicago neighborhood of Hyde Park , has a diverse practice of lower - income adults from the nearby housing projects mixed with famous patients like U.S. Sen .
Carol Mosely Braun , the late writer Studs Terkel and , most notably , President Barack Obama .
Scheiner , 71 , was Obama ’s doctor from 1987 until he entered the White House ; he vouched for the then - candidate ’s “ excellent health ” in a letter last year .
He ’s still an enthusiastic Obama supporter , but he worries about whether the health care legislation currently making its way through Congress will actually do any good , particularly for doctors like himself who practice general medicine .
“ I ’m not sure he really understands what we face in primary care , ” Scheiner says .
Scheiner takes a few other shots too .
Looking at Obama ’s team of health advisors , Scheiner does n’t see anyone who ’s actually in the trenches .
“ I have a suspicion they pick people from the top echelon of medicine , people who write about it but have n’t been struggling in it , ” he says .
Scheiner is critical of Obama ’s pick for Health and Human Services secretary — Kansas Gov. Kathleen Sebelius , who used to work as the chief lobbyist for her state ’s trial lawyers association .
“ He does n’t see all the pain , it ’s so tragic out here , ” he says .
“ Obama ’s wonderful , but on this one I ’m not sure if he ’s getting the right input . ”
What should the president be focused on ?
Scheiner thinks that a good health reform would be “ Medicare for all , ” a single - payer system where the government would cover everyone and pay for it by cutting out waste in the system .
“ A neurosurgeon gets paid $ 20,000 for cutting into the neck of my patient .
Have him get paid $ 1 million a year instead of $ 2 million or $ 3 million .
He wo n’t starve , ” Scheiner says .
Scheiner thinks that Obama ’s “ public plan ” reform does n’t go far enough .
He supports the idea of that option for people who do n’t like or ca n’t afford their HMO .
But he worries that it will be watered down or not happen at all .
“ It ’s nonsense that the private insurance companies need to be protected , ” he says .
“ Why ?
Because they ’ve done such a good job ? ”
He thinks that Americans have been scared into believing that they will lose the coverage they already have if a public plan is created .
And he worries that nobody cares about the 50 million uninsured .
“ I have people who have lost their jobs and come to me and I give them drug samples , ” he says .
Scheiner says he thinks that Obama probably sees the virtues of a single - payer system but has decided it would be politically impossible to create one .
Reid Cherlin , an assistant White House press secretary who covers health issues , wrote in an e-mailed statement , “ The President has been clear that while a single - payer system may work in some countries , it makes the most sense for us to build on what works in the system we have and to fix what ’s broken .
“ He would certainly agree that there ’s too much waste in the system — where families , businesses and governments pay too much for too little , ” he added , “ and that ’s why he ’s committed not just to expanding coverage but to reforming the health system to provide high - quality care at a lower cost to more Americans . ”
Scheiner says he never thought it was appropriate to talk about health policy with Obama , especially once he became a U.S. Senator .
The one exception was medical malpractice reform .
“ I once briefly talked to him about malpractice , and he took the lawyers ’ position , ” he says .
Obama reiterated his opposition to caps on medical malpractice - related damages when he addressed an audience of doctors earlier this week at the American Medical Association ’s annual meeting .
( See “ Will Doctors Buy Obamacare ? ” )
Scheiner , like most others in his profession , thinks that it should be harder to sue doctors and that awards should be capped .
He says that he and other doctors must order too many tests and imaging studies just to avoid being sued .
Scheiner graduated from Princeton and then started at Columbia University ’s College of Physicians and Surgeons 50 years ago .
After training in internal medicine in Chicago he joined a practice in Hyde Park .
His partner was Quentin Young , a doctor known for supporting universal coverage and for briefly being the personal physician of Martin Luther King Jr .
Before selling his practice , he watched his income decline over the years to what he calculated to be $ 22 an hour ( $ 2,100 every two weeks after withholding for taxes , health insurance and malpractice insurance . )
Scheiner thinks that any health reform should involve paying primary - care doctors better so they do n’t have to rush through appointments to make ends meet .
He says that the medical students he encounters are no longer even taught how to do a patient history and physical exam .
Patients get imaging studies and lab work instead of actual work - ups .
“ It ’s like in Star Trek where Bones had the thing he would wave up and down .
They do n’t even talk to patients , ” he says .
You think you are a heavy sleeper ?
This guy has been using a setup that includes an air compressor to wake him up every morning for years !
[ via Buzzfeed ]
Blue Diamond Pool and Spa is Tennessee 's most distinguished swimming pool builder of inground pools and a 5 star dealer of Coast Spas .
We specialize in Vinyl , Fiberglass and Concrete inground pools and we service all pools and spas .
By offering expert design solutions and innovative construction techniques , we are able to provide our customers with the highest quality custom built pool or spa available anywhere .
Our showroom sells pool chemicals , pumps , pool liners , spas , pool safety covers , heaters , diving boards , slides , replacement parts and more .
Contact our offices to see how our design consultants can create pools exactly the way you want it .
Tennessee Area : Nashville , Hermitage , Mt Juliet , Lebanon , Green Hills , Bellevue , Hendersonville , Gallatin , Nolensville , Brentwood , Franklin , Murfreesboro , Columbia , Springfield , Whitehouse , Cookeville
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) 
Nearly seven months after defying a prohibition on endorsing candidates from the pulpit , 33 churches across the country are still waiting to learn whether the Internal Revenue Service will take action against them .
The goal of a Sept. 28 event called Pulpit Freedom Sunday was to start a legal fight and ultimately overturn regulations that prevent places of worship from supporting or opposing candidates for office .
But a conservative legal group that organized the effort says the agency has yet to notify the churches of any investigation .
Legal experts suggest a number of possibilities :
The I.R.S. has nothing to gain from a costly and mainly symbolic battle , it has limited resources or it could still be deciding how to respond .
On Sept. 28 , participating pastors urged worshipers to vote according to conservative views on abortion and same - sex marriage .
Several endorsed the Republican presidential candidate , Senator John McCain .
One thing I ’ve found with respect to The Sims over the years is that it ’s really , really hard to explain why the game is fun to someone who does n’t get it .
“ Right , and then you make them shower !
And you send them to work !
And do n’t forget that they have to clean the toilet ! ”
So why would you want a miniature version of some guy doing the stuff that you do n’t even want to do ?
The Sims might cater to the control freak , the god complex , the sadist , the desire for vicarious achievement … but what about everyone else ?
After all , there must be some kind of “ x factor ” that ’s made it the most successful video game franchise of all time .
In truth , I do n’t really think this third installment makes the explanation any easier , which brings me to my overall assessment :
If you ’re already a Sims fan , you ’ll love the game , but if you do n’t get it , you probably still wo n’t get it .
The first thing you need to know about Sims 3 is that there ’s a fundamental difference that makes it a new beast as opposed to an extension of Sims 2 ( that ’s what the slew of pricey expansion packs over the past five years have been for ! ) – your sim is no longer just the king of his castle , he ’s the king of his whole kingdom .
Remember how amazing it was when Sims 2 expansions allowed you to actually step out of your house for the first time and go to community lots ?
If so , you probably remember those long loading screens as well .
That ’s because each location was really just another version of being confined in your castle ; either you ’re playing your house or you ’re playing the coffee shop , but not both .
In Sims 3 there ’s no loading screen because the entire town is seamless ; when you step out of your house and go across the street to your neighbor ’s house , your house is still there .
This is a pretty integral difference in the overall game engine ; basically , the entire town is now your house .
What this means for gameplay is that suddenly it makes a whole lot more sense .
In fact , it fixes the major logical frustration with Sims 2 , which was that the world simply did n’t go on when you were n’t in it .
For example , when one sim went to that coffee house , the sims left behind at home just stopped ; so when the sim came home , it was the exact same time as when he left .
Also , no one outside the home would age .
So when your sim is a child , the friend that he brings home from elementary school would still be a child once your sim has grown into adulthood .
And if your sim has kids that move out of the house , they wo n’t age , so generations later , you might find that a sim ’s great great grandkids are older than him …
What Sims 3 provides is a persistent world ; everyone in the town lives on while you ’re not looking .
They get jobs , get married , have children , die …
However , while many players will see this as a perk , others might find it inconvenient .
Players with a more “ control freak ” style prefer to orchestrate every detail of their sims ’ lives ; so in the previous versions of the Sims , they could switch from house to house , playing each family for similar periods of time so that everyone would grow up at the same rate .
And whereas in Sims 3 you can switch to play different households , the other ones will go on in your absence .
So if you switch from your main family to play with the kids that just grew up and moved out , you might find that their parents died in your absence .
There is a “ story progression ” toggle that is supposed to turn off the persistent world , but it does n’t work correctly ( EA has said that they will fix it in a patch coming out soon ) so I ’m not entirely sure how that could affect gameplay .
And of course there are a ton of smaller changes .
One of the most noticeable is the body types of the sims .
In the previous versions , sims came in three shapes : skinny , average , or fat .
Now there ’s an entire spectrum , and your sim can gain or lose weight based on food or exercise ( though miraculously it seems like one jog around the block can drop you down several sizes – if only ! ) .
The phases of life are the same , including “ young adult ” which was previously only available for sims while in college ; you can also change the life spans of sims – go for the normal 90 days or an “ epic ” 1000 .
Another change that has gotten some media attention is that gay marriage is now legal in the sims ’ world .
Whereas in Sims 2 a same - sex couple could only have been “ joined , ” they are now afforded the exact same marriage scenario as an heterosexual couple – which includes being referred to as “ husbands ” and “ wives ” in the family tree .
And of course , same - sex couples can still adopt children .
One thing that the men in a same - sex couple can not do now is have children of their own – which was accomplished in Sims 2 via alien abduction ( spend too much time at your telescope and you might get sucked into space and come back pregnant , only to give birth to a tiny , green - skinned baby ) .
There are no aliens in Sims 3 , nor werewolves , zombies , or vampires .
There are , however , ghosts – which are considerably more interactive than in Sims 2 .
In fact , if a sim gets a little too friendly with a ghost , there may be a ghostly surprise nine months later .
The biggest change with respect to the sims themselves is that now instead of having one - note personalities based on aspirations ( where “ knowledge ” sims just wanted to read all the time and “ romance ” sims wanted to jump in the sack ) , sims can have well - rounded personalities based on choosing up to five different traits .
So you can have a family - oriented , bookworm , clumsy , computer wiz , frugal sim , or an evil , flirty , workaholic , inappropriate , kleptomaniac sim ( there are 63 in all ) .
And they get “ lifetime wishes ” based on their combination of traits , ranging from things like “ chess legend ” to “ heart breaker ” to “ presenting the perfect private aquarium . ”
What this all adds up to is some pretty impressive AI with respect to autonomy .
With Sims 2 you had to babysit your sims pretty closely because though they could usually refrain from soiling themselves , they would never get jobs or do anything particularly creative on their own .
But in Sims 3 , your bookworm , green thumb sim will wander over to the library on her own to read a book about gardening , and your flirty , workaholic sim might just bring her boss home from work for a nightcap .
Also , the graphics are absolutely gorgeous .
What Sims 2 offered over Sims 1 in terms of character design , Sims 3 has done over Sims 2 for landscape .
Especially considering that you can now look out your sim ’s window and see a perfect view of the ocean – including that crazy neighbor who likes to sunbathe in her evening gown .
And so far I have n’t seen too many complaints about systems not being able to handle it ; my PC is almost five years old and the game runs just fine .
All in all , my guess is that if you ’re already a Sims fan you ’ll love this game … and if you ’re not , you may want to consider playing around with it anyway .
Just be aware that if you do finally “ get it , ” it can be a bit of a time sink !
Thats it the internet is over everyone go home
signs of the internet apocalypse
This year , I celebrated my 2nd anniversary of being Paxil - free .
( The “ hurray ! ” I feel compelled to type here is a complete understatement of my joy . )
Back in 2004 , I started taking the drug under the advice of my primary care physician for panic attacks and anxiety .
After growing ( very ) disenchanted with its frustrating side effects , I decided to quit .
Here ’s the CliffsNotes version of my withdrawal attempts .
First attempt : Cold turkey .
( Bad idea . )
Second attempt : Wean by 50 % each week by splitting pills into halves and quarters until I ’m down to zero within a month or two .
( Also a bad idea . )
Third attempt : Wean at 10 % - 25 % dosage by splitting / shaving pills for 7 months .
Success !
It sounds so simple and sanitized when reduced to a mere sentence in the paragraph above !
Truth is , withdrawal from Paxil ( or any SSRI or SNRI antidepressant ) can be challenging .
Sure , it affects everyone differently : a close friend of mine only experienced tension headaches throughout the process , but I had the pleasure of dealing with headaches , lethargy , depression , dizziness , the “ zaps ” , nausea , and more .
No matter which way it ends up affecting you , the following tips can help you prepare for the process of withdrawing from an antidepressant :
1 . Get a social support network ( both online and off ) .
This is essential .
Sure , there are some people who can withdraw from an SSRI / SNRI with great ease , but if you take the public pulse with Google or even Twitter , you ’ll see a ton of folks reporting difficult - to - handle withdrawal symptoms .
So , find a trusted friend that you feel comfortable confiding in .
It might seem awkward at first to even admit that you ’re on an antidepressant ( let alone attempting to withdraw from one ) , but you ’ll find that having some real - life support is a lifesaver later on down the road when you ’re dealing with bouts of crying between the brain zaps .
2. Read about what to expect .
The number of studies and articles in peer - reviewed journals on SSRI withdrawal are few and far between , but plenty of anecdotal information is out there on the Internet and at the bookstore .
I personally recommend Dr. Joseph Glenmullen ’s The Antidepressant Solution , although his recommendations for dosage cuts are a little steep to me .
( He had his patients withdraw from 20 mg to 10 mg — a 50 % cut in dosage .
Everyone ’s different , of course , but when I tried to cut my dosage by 50 % from 10 mg to 5mg , I went back up to 10mg within a matter of a few weeks due to the harsh withdrawal effects . )
If you know the effects antidepressant withdrawal can have on your body and mind , you ’ll feel more prepared .
Like I mentioned above , I started taking Paxil for panic and anxiety .
So , when I began having panic attacks after dropping directly from 10 mg to 5 mg , I fell into the trap of believing that my “ original condition ” had come back with a vengeance and that I needed to be on Paxil for life .
After doing some research , however , I found out that other patients who had not taken Paxil for anxiety and panic but for other indications instead ( like depression or extreme PMS ) experienced panic and anxiety while withdrawing .
With this in mind , I was ultimately able to work my way through the predictable , withdrawal - induced panic that was not a part of my original condition .
If you want a more thorough list of potential withdrawal effects and how to handle them , do a few Google searches for “ antidepressant withdrawal ” and “ SSRI discontinuation syndrome . ”
( The latter term is the more sanitized name for withdrawal that you ’ll see being promoted by drug companies . )
3 . Write a list of reasons why you ’re motivated to withdraw .
SSRI withdrawal might be a trying process for you ; then again , it might not .
You ca n’t be sure until you start the process .
Just to be on the safe side , make a list of the reasons why you want to withdraw from your antidepressant .
That way , if you find yourself wrestling with a particularly troublesome withdrawal effect and you ’re thinking about giving up , you ’ll have an archived reminder of why you should stay on course .
My own motivation for withdrawal was to regain my lost emotions .
Paxil had slowly thrown me into a state of emotional flat - lining — I could n’t feel joy , anger , sorrow , or excitement while on the drug — and I craved having it all back .
This craving helped me to resist the common urge to return to my original Paxil dosage in order to quiet the withdrawal symptoms .
4 . Pick a starting date ( and stick with it ) .
In The Antidepressant Solution , Dr. Glenmullen does remind you to “ work [ your ] tapering programs around the rest of [ your ] lives ” ( p. 164 ) and I could n’t agree more – but at the same time , do n’t use that as an excuse to continue putting the ( sometimes unpleasant ) process off into the distant future .
I decided to begin my third & final taper from 10 mg of Paxil right before I went to graduate school .
I figured that now was as good a time as any , even though my course load was heavy and my part - time job responsibilities were demanding .
I figured that there ’s always going to be a perceived roadblock in the way , and if I were to wait until I was working full - time , I might not have a schedule flexible enough to accommodate the ups and downs of withdrawal .
Besides , I did n’t want to be studying complex theoretical models and trying to absorb information about statistical research methods in graduate school through a foggy , Paxil - coated lens .
So , I began my taper about two months before my first semester began .
I made sure to avoid making a dosage cut during the first week of classes , during midterms , and during finals .
If I had a dosage cut scheduled during a week that I had a big paper due , I pushed back the dosage cut ( and not the paper . )
It ’s completely possible to work the withdrawal process around your school or work schedule , but it ’s extraordinarily exhausting and frustrating if you try and do it the other way around .
5 . Keep a journal ( and consider making it public ) .
A journal is a great way to not only keep track of your progress , but it ’s also a great way to keep track of any patterns that might crop up in the withdrawal process .
When I successfully withdrew from Paxil on the third attempt , I dropped my dosage in small increments and stayed on those dosages for several weeks until I “ evened out ” again .
Thanks to the journal , I was able to predict when many of my withdrawal effects would kick in : headache at the 3 - day mark , zaps at 4 days , an emotional wreck at 5 .
( Happily , I was also able to predict the upswing that followed the negative effects . )
A video journal is also a good way to both keep track of your progress and share your experience with others .
If recording video is n’t your thing , do a little poking around on Youtube and you ’ll be able to check out other people ’s withdrawal - related video journals .
Check out Amber ’s series of “ The Paxil Diaries ” on Youtube .
6 . Find another way to treat the original problem .
Let ’s face it : it ’s not difficult to visit a general practitioner , ask for a prescription drug by name , and have a script in your hand about five minutes later .
( We have direct - to - consumer television campaigns , amongst other factors , to thank for this McDonald ’s - esque service . )
There are obviously many problems with this model of treatment , especially when dealing with mental health concerns .
But one particularly glaring problem sticks out the most here : a quick visit to the doctor usually overlooks non-medical treatment options .
This is exactly how I found myself on Paxil after having some panic attacks in college , and I was never fully aware of the full gamut of treatment options that did n’t involve expensive daily pharmaceuticals .
There are plenty of alternative treatments from which to choose — talk therapy for depression , cognitive behavioral therapy for anxiety , and biofeedback for panic attacks ( to name just a few ) !
Take some time to research other types of therapies that you might be interested in , and — I ca n’t emphasize this enough — get started on one before you make your first dosage cut .
There are thousands of ex-antidepressant users out there .
Are you one of them ?
What would you recommend to someone who is about to begin withdrawing ?
Source :
Glenmullen , J. ( 2005 ) .
The antidepressant solution : A Step - by - step guide to safely overcoming antidepressant withdrawal , dependence , and “ addiction ” .
New York : Free Press .
6 Ways to Prepare for Withdrawal from an Antidepressant
The 100 or so Pixar Animation Studios employees had good reason to be giddy , and you could understand why they were more than a little nervous too .
For more than four years , the animators , sound designers , editors and artists from every other Pixar department had plugged away on “ Up ” and on an early morning in April , they were finally about to see how their animated movie had turned out .
The movie itself -- Pixar ’s 10th animated film -- is narratively ambitious , a story about a 78 - year - old widower ’s highly unusual road trip with a chubby young boy that , throughout its making , teetered on becoming sentimental and episodic .
Although the movie is filled with comic bits , “ Up ” also features scenes of complex human emotion -- including the grief of a miscarriage -- that are rarely explored in family films .
Parent studio
Disney really needed the film to work commercially too :
In earnings released last week , Disney ’s profit fell 46 % , largely because of underperforming movies such as “ Confessions of a Shopaholic ” and “ Jonas Brothers : The 3D Concert Experience . ”
To add one more level of pressure to the Pixar team , just a few days before that April screening at George Lucas ’ bucolic Skywalker Ranch , the Cannes Film Festival had selected “ Up ” to launch this week ’s prestigious festival , a first for an animated film .
If producer Jonas Rivera and writer - director Pete Docter , two of Pixar ’s earliest employees , were sweating bullets when they introduced “ Up ” to their Pixar colleagues , they did n’t show it .
“ This is the first time that we ’ve got everything together , ” Rivera said .
Added Docter just before the house lights dimmed : “ Thank you guys for making the movie . ”
Advertisement
Despite all the end - of - the - journey gratitude , “ Up , ” which premieres in Cannes on Wednesday and arrives in theaters May 29 , was n’t quite finished .
As soon as the screening ended , Docter , Rivera , composer Michael Giacchino , executive producer John Lasseter and a dozen members of Pixar ’s brain trust met over lunch in a Skywalker conference room to discuss what they had just seen .
By the time the team finished dessert , they had decided “ Up ” needed a new piece of music , and the choice they made with Giacchino revealed much about the film ’s creative ambitions .
As “ Up ’s ” poster and trailer make clear , the film ’s central image is a house , tethered to thousands of balloons , soaring into the sky .
When septuagenarian Carl Fredricksen ’s ( Ed Asner ) residence took flight at the Skywalker screening , Giacchino ’s score was big and dramatic , the kind of music that typically accompanies an action sequence .
“ What we had I think works , ” said Docter .
“ But I did n’t feel like we were quite capturing it . ”
Specifically , the music was n’t magical , poetic .
The house ’s taking off needed to play more like a mystical metaphor -- Fredricksen ’s trying somehow to join his late wife , Ellie , in the heavens -- and less like a prison break .
Advertisement
“ There ’s something about the lyricism of the floating house that appealed to me from Day One , ” said Docter , a tall man whose 10 - year - old daughter , Elizabeth , provided young Ellie ’s voice .
With a new piece of music , the scene played closer to how he always imagined it should .
“ Now , it ’s almost like he ’s waltzing with Ellie as the house takes off . ”
--
Getting personal
“ Up ” represents several Pixar firsts .
In addition to the studio ’s first trip to Cannes , “ Up ” also marks a new move into producing and releasing a film in 3 - D .
It ’s a format that has worked well for competitor DreamWorks Animation ’s “ Monsters vs. Aliens , ” and Pixar is now remaking its first two “ Toy Story ” films ( in addition to next year ’s “ Toy Story 3 " ) in the immersive technology .
Advertisement
The film ’s more material departures are harder to detect .
It ’s the first Pixar feature to have as its central character a senior citizen , and because Fredricksen is based on friends and relatives of the filmmakers , “ Up ” might well be considered the studio ’s most personal film .
“ I think so too , ” said Bob Peterson , “ Up ’s ” co-director and co-writer , who also lends his voice to one of the film ’s dogs .
“ It ’s an hommage to our grandparents , and that makes it personal . ”
Before “ Up ” became a movie , it was just a single image : a grouchy old man with balloons .
The 40 - year - old Docter , who has a writing credit on last year ’s Oscar - winning “ Wall - E ” but has n’t directed a movie since 2001 ’s “ Monsters , Inc. , ” then added another element :
What if those balloons raised the man ’s house into the skies ?
As visually striking as the image might be , it was n’t clear how it and the senior citizen inside the floating house fit into a larger story , which explains why “ Up ” took so long to make it to the screen .
“ In the very first draft . . . he just wanted to join his wife up in the sky , ” Docter said .
“ It was almost a kind of strange suicide mission or something .
And obviously that ’s [ a problem ] .
Once he gets airborne , then what ?
So we had to have some goal for him to achieve that he had not yet gotten . ”
Advertisement
Added Peterson : “ Originally , he was not going anywhere .
He was just going into the sky , because he had always associated his wife with birds . ”
That did n’t sound like a Pixar movie -- it sounded like a film out of the surrealism movement .
So Docter , Peter - son and Rivera tried to figure out what they were really trying to communicate in their movie .
“ We had n’t flushed it out .
We did n’t really know what was going to happen or who he was going to meet , ” Rivera said .
“ But what we knew was why he was doing it -- the desire to get away . ”
As the story took shape , it became clear that Fredricksen felt not only a little angry but also unfulfilled .
He had enjoyed a long romance with his wife , but they had n’t been able to have kids ( touched on in an emotional , dialogue - free , four - minute montage of their lives ) , and their dreams of traveling to the distant land of Paradise Falls had died when she did .
But those were episodes , not narrative .
“ Up ” needed something more .
So now real estate developers are encroaching on Fredricksen ’s last remaining patch of comfort , his home , and a pesky 8 - year - old Wilderness Explorer named Russell ( voiced by newcomer Jordan Nagai ) was knocking on his door , trying to collect a help - a- senior - citizen merit badge .
Advertisement
Taking flight , in other words , would n’t be such a bad idea .
But even if he ( along with Russell , who happened to be on Fredricksen ’s porch at liftoff ) was finally able to get to Paradise Falls , was that it ?
What would they find there ?
When Russell and Fredricksen land in Paradise Falls , they encounter Charles Muntz ( Christopher Plummer ) , a once - famous explorer Fredricksen and his wife had idolized .
The exotic land is populated with strange birds and talking dogs , but the real surprise is Muntz , who has gone the way of Col. Kurtz in “ Heart of Darkness ” and becomes “ Up ’s ” villain .
“ A guy ties thousands of balloons to his house and floats away to South America to go to Paradise Falls , ” Rivera said .
“ That ’s what happens , those are the plot points , ” Rivera said .
“ But that ’s not what it ’s about .
What is it about ?
It ’s about adventure , it ’s about life . ”
--
Advertisement
Elderly influences
To solve that question --
What are the most important things in life ? -- the “ Up ” filmmaking team turned to their oldest acquaintances and relatives , mining their memories for stories .
The influences included the legendary Disney animator Joe Grant ( who died in 2005 ) and Disney costume designer Alice Davis .
What the filmmakers decided was that the most meaningful trips did n’t have to be in a balloon - propelled dwelling .
They could be picnics in the park , watching clouds drift by , visits to an ice cream store .
“ He ’s always thought of adventure as travel and exotic places and animals no one has ever seen , ” Docter said of Fredricksen .
“ And in the end he comes around to realize that the real adventures in life are the small things that we do with our family and friends . ”
Advertisement
“ Up , ” for all of its novelty , was returning to some of the same simple , universal ideas that anchor all Pixar movies .
Strip away the elaborate ( if sometimes unconventional ) narrative devices , and you begin to see relatable truths that give the movies heart .
Wall - E just wants to hold hands .
“ Ratatouille ” is about becoming the person you were born to be .
The importance of family ?
Watch “ Finding Nemo . ”
What “ Up ” was trying to say , in other words , was not so different from what has happened to Pixar itself : that growing older can be a beautiful thing .
--
john.horn@latimes.com
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- U.S. home prices are their most affordable in 18 years , according to a report released Monday .
Nearly 73 % of all homes sold in the United States during the first three months of 2009 were considered affordable .
That was the highest percentage ever reported by the 18 - year - old Housing Opportunity Index , an analysis of markets compiled quarterly by the National Association of Homebuilders and Wells Fargo Bank .
To be deemed affordable , a family making the median national income of $ 64,000 must be able to buy the property and devote no more than 28 % of their income toward housing costs .
Plummeting home prices were primarily responsible for sending affordability soaring from just over 60 % in last three months of 2008 to 72.5 % in the first quarter of 2009 .
Sinking interest rates also contributed to affordability .
A 30 - year fixed mortgage averaged less than 5 % during much of the quarter , according to mortgage giant Freddie Mac .
" Underlying the increase in affordability are lower home prices and record low interest rates , " NAHB Chairman Joe Robson said in a prepared statement .
" Combined with the $ 8,000 federal tax credit for first - time homebuyers , consumers are beginning to return to the marketplace . "
Most affordable city
For the 15th consecutive quarter , Indianapolis led the nation 's large cities ( population 500,000 and up ) in home affordability .
The Indiana capital tops the list due to very reasonable home prices and relatively high median income : Nearly 95 % of all homes sold were affordable to those earning the metro area 's median income of $ 68,100 .
On the other end of the spectrum , only 21 % of the homes sold in the New York / White Plains metro area were affordable to those earning the median income of $ 64,800 .
Even there , affordability jumped seven percentage points compared with the last three months of 2008 .
Rust - belt cities dominated the most affordable list , with Youngstown Ohio ; Akron , Ohio ; Grand Rapids , Mich . ; and Syracuse , N.Y. , all near the top .
Joining New York at the bottom were : San Francisco ; Los Angeles ; Nassau - Suffolk , N.Y. ; and Honolulu .
Several smaller cities were even more affordable than Indianapolis .
In Sandusky , Ohio , about 98 % of homes sold were affordable to those earning the local median income .
Monroe , Mich. , and the Ohio towns of Mansfield , Springfield and Canton all exceeded 95 % affordability .
Less affordable small markets were led by Ocean City , N.J. ; San Luis Obispo , Calif . ; Flagstaff , Ariz . ; and Hanford , Calif .
Markets still slow
Despite the record affordability , both existing and new home sales are still slow .
New homes have been selling at an annualized rate of 350,000 for the past few months .
Existing sales have been consistently running at an annualized pace of less than 5 million units - about two / thirds the boom - years rate .
And increased affordability is not enough to drive sales quickly upward , according to Ken Goldstein , an economist and real estate analyst for the Conference Board .
" What really hurts is that people are losing their jobs now , " he said .
" The unemployment rate is at 9 % going to 10 % .
That means that 90 % of people still have their jobs but everyone is looking over their shoulders wondering if they 're next . "
As a result , there 's still a double - digit inventory of homes on the market .
Plus , a large proportion of recent sales have been foreclosures , homes repossessed from defaulting borrowers and put back on the market , often at fire sale prices .
Still , homebuilders are taking some heart in the improved affordability stats and other data indicating that perhaps the worst is over .
Pending home sales were up slightly last month , and new home sales have risen off their bottoms .
Those trends have buoyed industry confidence slightly .
The NAHB / Wells Fargo Housing Market Index , an indicator of builder sentiment that was also released Monday , inched up two points in May to 16 after jumping five points in April .
Do n’t miss our follow - up : 18 More Manly Smells
Smells can conjure up some powerful memories .
The smell of pine needles can take you back to childhood Christmases or the smell of a laundry detergent can remind you of home .
For me , there are certain smells that I ’ve come to associate with manliness .
Whenever I smell them I think of my dad or grandpa or some aspect of my boyhood and my initiation into the rites of manhood .
And apparently , I ’m not alone .
For fun last week , I asked Art of Manliness Facebook Fans and Twitter followers what smells they thought were manly .
The response was overwhelming .
I decided to pick a few of my favorite responses and make a post out of it .
So without further ado , I present 15 manly smells .
Hardware Store
The hardware store is a smorgasbord of manly smells : paint , wood , fertilizer , metal .
It ’s all there .
As a boy , there was a local hardware store that my dad would go to .
He ’d lug my brother and I along .
We ’d open up all the drawers for the hinges and nails and play hide - in - seek in the door displays .
Like many local hardware stores , it went out of business years ago when the Big Box stores moved in .
The building was torn down and replaced with an upscale shopping center .
But whenever I drive by the corner where it once stood , I can still smell the manliness that once emanated from that place .
Shoe Polish
The smell of shoe polish is a distinctively manly smell .
For many men it conjures up images of brave soldiers shining their shoes to a mirror polish .
For me , whenever I crack open a can of Kiwi black shoe polish , I ’m instantly transported to my childhood den .
About once a month , my dad would pull out his wooden shoe polish kit and take all his boots to the den to polish them .
He usually watched In the Heat of the Night or Magnum P.I. while he did it .
The warm smell of shoe polish and leather filled the entire room , and it would usually linger there for an hour after he finished .
Cut Grass
For many men , mowing the lawn is the bane of their existence .
But even if you hate the actual chore of mowing the yard , you ca n’t deny that the smell of fresh cut grass is pretty darn manly .
I love the smell of the grass bag as I empty it into a trash can .
And I actually quite enjoy how I smell after I mow the yard .
It ’s a combination of cut grass , gasoline , and body odor .
I ’ll even delay taking a shower just so I can revel in my manly scent .
Sawdust
I have n’t worked with wood as much as I would like to .
But whenever I do , I always try to savor the smell of sawdust .
I can remember when I first gained an appreciation of sawdust .
It was at that old hardware store I mentioned earlier .
Out back , they had a lumber yard , and I remember getting big whiffs of sawdust as I watched the workers saw wood down to size for my dad .
The smell of sawdust also brings back the memory of my dad showing me how to sand my first pinewood derby car .
Good times .
Scotch
The warm , rich , smokey smell of an aged scotch whisky .
There ’s nothing like it .
To the first timer , the smell of scotch can be off putting .
But once you get past it ’s initial pungency , you ’ll discover a symphony of smell .
Each scotch has its own distinct smell , but they all share some general characteristics .
You ’ll definitely smell the smokey peat used during the malting process .
But if you get in closer , you might catch the subtle fruity smell of apples or cherries .
There ’s also a hint of licorice , which reminds me of kind old men .
Taken together , you ’re left with a scent that will put hair on the chest of any man who takes a whiff .
Scotchy , scotch , scotch .
Gunpowder
I think every man ’s affinity for the smell of gunpowder began at some fireworks stand out in the country .
That ’s where mine did at least .
Every Fourth of July , without fail , the parents would take my brother and I to a fireworks stand on an old country road .
I can remember being overwhelmed by the smell of gunpowder as we ran up to the stand .
After we filled up our paper bags , I would often stick my nose in it and take a nice big whiff .
I was smelling danger .
And manliness .
The smell of spent gunpowder is just as appealing , too .
The smell of spent shotgun shells or the way an area smells after you fire off a round from a pistol is definitely manly .
Original Old Spice
Go to any men ’s section in a department store , and you ’ll see a stand selling $ 60 bottles of cologne with foo fooey scents .
Walk into any local drug store and you can find manliness in a bottle for less than 12 bucks .
Before they made deodorant , Old Spice was known for it ’s cologne .
Chances are your grandpa did and still does wear Old Spice .
They still make the cologne , but it does n’t get much play these days , which is a shame .
Based purely on anecdotal evidence , women seem to love a man who wears Old Spice cologne .
It reminds them of their grandfathers .
They ’re not hot for their grandpas , obviously , they ’re just keen on the smell of old fashioned manliness .
When they get a whiff of you sporting Old Spice they ’ll instantly associate you with a time when men were men .
Quit dousing yourself in Calvin Klein or gassing yourself in a cloud of Axe body spray and get some Old Spice .
Campfire
It ’s sunrise .
The sky is still gray with a hint of orange and yellow on the horizon .
You go over the fire pit and begin to strategically place dry leaves and small twigs into a tepee shape .
You light a match , and watch the leaves smolder .
And then it reaches you - the first bit of smoke from a campfire you made all by yourself .
You suddenly feel more manly .
But the smells do n’t stop there .
Throw in some maple , pine , or pinon logs and you up the manly smell quotient a few marks .
And the campfire smell stays with you when you go home .
It gets in your clothes and in your hair .
You never really notice it until you walk into a clean house .
The contrast between your smokey smelling self and your antiseptic home gives you one last chance to revel in the manly scent of a campfire , before you watch it get washed down the shower drain .
Barbershop
I love walking into a barbershop .
You know why ?
Because they all smell so damn manly .
A barbershop smell is a mixture of Barbicide , shaving cream , musky smelling hair , and cheap ( and free ) coffee .
If you ’re going to an old barber shop , it may also smell faintly of tobacco from the days when men would smoke a cigarette and put out their butts in the ash tray on the barber chair arm rests .
Pipe Smoke
Not many men smoke pipes these days , which is a shame because people are missing out on the sweet manly smell of pipe tobacco .
Cigarette and cigar smoke can be acrid and obnoxious , but pipe smoke is , well , just pleasant .
A whiff of a nice clove or cherry wood blend summons images of kindly older men in tweed jackets sitting in a chair next to a warm cozy fire with an old dog nearby .
Leather
Nothing beats the smell of well worn leather .
Some of the manliest pieces of clothing and accessories are made from leather - leather jackets , leather boots , leather briefcases , leather saddlebags .
The smell of leather reminds me of riding horses with my grandpa .
I loved walking into the storage area in his barn where he stored all his tack and taking a deep breath .
I remember thinking “ Man , this is manly . ”
And like a fine glass of scotch , leather only gets better with time .
Your Grandpa ’s Chair
It seems like every old man has a chair that ’s just for him .
After years of sitting in it , the seat conformed specifically to the contours of his body and his scent has been permanently stamped into the upholstery .
At least that ’s how my grandpa ’s chair was .
That ’s him sitting in his chair with me on the left and my little brother , Larry , on the right .
One my fondest memories was going to my grandpa ’s house in Bosque Farms , New Mexico for Thanksgiving .
We ’d sit on his lap and he ’d hold us in his big strong hands .
His chair smelled like the pinion wood he ’d burn in his cast iron stove , the barn that he kept his horses in , and the sweat of a man who worked hard even in retirement .
In a word , it smelled like pure manliness .
I miss that chair .
Gun Cleaning Solvent
Another ritual my father had when I was growing up was cleaning his government issued gun for his job as a Federal Game Warden .
It was usually done on the week nights after dinner .
He ’d bring his gun cleaning kit to the kitchen table and place a white cloth in front of him on which he ’d place his revolver .
I was always fascinated by all the different size brushes in his kit .
He ’d then slowly open up the bottle of Hoppe ’s No. 9 gun cleaning solvent .
It filled the entire room with a rich , warm smell .
The first time you smell gun solvent it ’s pretty jarring , but then you get used to it , and then you start to like it .
Charcoal
I love tearing open a bag of Kingsford and letting that waft of charcoal goodness hit me right in the nose .
It ’s a smell that tells my mind and body that summer is officially here .
But the smell only gets better when you throw a match on them and watch them turn from black lumps of coal to glowing red stones , ready to cook any meat you throw on it .
Bowling Alley
In their heyday in the 1950 ’s , bowling alleys replaced the fraternal lodge as a place for men to gather and bond .
Perhaps that ’s why I associate the smell of a bowling alley with manliness .
The combination of lane wax , piles of bowling shoes that have been worn by thousands of people , and cigarette smoke mix together to form that distinct bowling alley smell that permeates alleys across the country .
Do n’t miss our follow - up article : 18 More Manly Smells
I am on the edge of returning to Dwarf Fortress .
I know it will be a big mistake , though .
Here ’s the thing .
Dwarf Fortress is probably the most compelling city builder in many years .
Like the best city builders , you can guide the development of your habitat but your citizens have wants and needs of their owns .
There is both the predictable cycle of seasons and the unpredictable encounters with natural and humanoid resistance .
But I hate how much work it is to play .
I have it on good authority that at least one publisher has approached Bay 12 Games and Mr. Adams about helping develop a proper interface and iconography and letting them finally make some money on what is one of the greatest time sinks since the original Civilization .
Allegedly , the developer is so committed to the open and free model that he resisted any attempt to even negotiate about how he could turn his wonderful into something everyone can enjoy and appreciate .
See , getting into Dwarf Fortress is work , as hard work as any game since the days when you needed to know memory tricks in DOS and remember the 20 hotkeys that controlled your weapons .
It ’s not the ASCII ( well , not just the ASCII ) since I ’ve always had a weakness for roguelikes .
There are at least three different ones on my hard drive at any given time .
But the assigning of chores and jobs , never mind understanding your layout is a big curve to learn , forget and then re-learn .
I ’m sure I never mastered it the first time .
But the game is so great …
Dwarf Fortress is one of those games where you see things happen and you ’re not sure you saw what you saw .
It ’s the old mind trick where something happens on screen – apparently randomly – but your brain gives it meaning and context so it makes sense within the master narrative of Mt. Fuzzy Pants .
These things happen so regularly in Dwarf Fortress that it is impossible to not be enthralled by the epic tales of survival in the wilderness .
There are some decent tutorial videos on Youtube , so start there if you are interested .
But what I would n’t give for a professional team to give this game the treatment it richly deserves .
× This page contains archived content and is no longer being updated .
At the time of publication , it represented the best available science .
Ozone is Earth ’s natural sunscreen , absorbing most of the incoming ultraviolet ( UV ) radiation from the sun and protecting life from DNA - damaging radiation .
Chlorofluorocarbons ( CFCs for short ) — invented in the early 1890s and first used in the 1930s as refrigerants and propellants for chemical sprays — are ozone destroyers .
Earlier this year , a team of NASA - led scientists set out to predict what the ozone layer would have looked like today and in the future if countries around the world had not signed the Montreal Protocol Treaty banning ozone - depleting chemicals .
This series of images shows ozone concentrations over the mid-latitudes of the Western Hemisphere , based on months of calculations by the Goddard Earth Observing System Chemistry - Climate Model .
The series of images starts with 1974 , before CFCs had begun to do significant damage to the ozone layer .
Concentrations of ozone in the stratosphere over the United States and Canada are high .
By 1994 , the model predicts that ozone concentrations over the region have fallen from highs above 500 Dobson Units to about 400 .
By the simulated year 2009 , the ozone layer over much of the United States has thinned to only 300 Dobson Units .
By 2020 , the model predicts that an ozone “ hole ” — concentrations below 220 Dobson Units — forms over the Arctic as well as the Antarctic .
By 2040 , the ozone hole is global .
The UV index in mid-latitude cities reaches 15 around noon on a clear summer day ( 10 is considered extreme today ) .
By the end of the model run , global ozone drops to less than 110 Dobson Units , a 67 percent drop from the 1970s .
To learn more about the experiment and what it taught scientists about stratospheric circulation , read the Earth Observatory Feature The World We Avoided by Protecting the Ozone Layer .
NASA images courtesy of the Goddard Space Flight Center Scientific Visualization Studio .
Caption by Rebecca Lindsey .
A Tribute to Dan Varner
What to say about Dan ? - or as he called himself , little Danny Varner .
I 've encountered few people that exude the sort of kindness Dan possessed .
He was a private person , but had an intense passion for people around him .
Dan 's personality includes a pleasant mixture of Mel Blanc , Stan Laurel and your best friend from primary school .
Dan was an accomplished paleontological field collector , and knew as much about historical geology , stratigraphy and paleoecology as those with degrees .
He was a wonderful blues guitarist , and a lover of modern wildlife more so than the prehistoric beasts we 've come to associate his work with .
Funny thing about talented people , often they are reluctant to show off certain gifts .
Dan would chunk out a guitar diddy at the drop of a hat , but asking him to quickly produce anything seriously artistic on paper was just short of impossible .
If the subject matter were a fun or silly doodle , then fine .
Some of my fondest memories are staying up late , taking turns drawing on a pad and passing back and forth humorous roughly hewn cartoons , most with some sort of hidden reference to historical paleontological people and events , and waiting for the other to guess the context and laugh .
I 've shed as many tears related to laughter in my life largely due to those evenings giggling over doodles .
But anything professionally artistic and a different part of Dan would switch on .
He was incredibly serious , deliberate , and meticulous about his oil painting , even the rough sketches leading to his final work .
This is why the images he brought to life are so ' real ' - his level of commitment toward each piece would often never allow them to be quite finished , but merely resigned as ' done enough ' .
Seeing certain of his rough draft sketches for the first time in many different variations would be exhilarating , many of them looked ready for publication .
I quickly learned however not too comment often on how much I liked them - bring concept drawings to Dan 's attention in a positive way and he would wad them up and chuck them in the bin .
And in the end , what a truly lovely person .
Being around Dan made you unconsciously focus your personality toward the better part of yourself .
That is perhaps
Dan 's greatest gift - he brought out the best in others .
His legacy will endure as instrument in giving us what remain our most inspiring glimpses of the Cretaceous marine realm .
And several of his rather prophetic paintings and attention to anatomical details have now become accepted science - tail bends and forked tongues in mosasaurs , intraspecific competition amongst various marine reptilians , and predator - prey relationships amongst sharks , bony fishes , reptiles both swimming and flying , and birds .
Though I 'm sure Dan would say all of this is attributable to historical research and the work of Charles R. Knight .
See ya' someday Danny !
Bruce Schumacher
Manuka Honey Unique to New Zealand
( OrganicJar )
Bees feeding off tea trees native to New Zealand , produce a type of honey that 's known as " Jelly Bush Honey " in Australia and " Mankuta Honey " in New Zealand .
Now , scientists at the University of Sydney 's School of Molecular and Microbial Biosciences have found this particular type of honey has some amazing curative properties .
Until now , Manuka Honey has been sold in health food stores as a natural medicine .
That is probably about to change .
New research has shown the honey kills every type of bacteria scientists have thrown at it , including the antibiotic - resistant ' superbugs ' plaguing hospitals and killing patients around the world .
Professor Dee Carter is one of the research team that made the discovery .
She said a compound in the honey called methylglyoxal is the key ingredient to the effectiveness of the honey .
However , methylglyoxal on its own is toxic but when it combines with what are , as yet , unknown compounds it causes " multi-system failure " in bacteria .
Honey bees collect nectar from Manuka bushes ( also known as Tea Trees ) which grow in remote areas of New Zealand .
According to Manuka Health the discovery of the anti-bacterial properties of methylglyoxal was made by Professor Thomas Henle at the University of Dresden , Germany .
The curative properties of various types of honey have been known to indigenous cultures for thousands of years , and dressing wounds with honey was common before the advent of antibiotics .
Source : theaustralian
The state Assembly Health and Senior Services Committee is scheduled to vote on a medical marijuana bill Thursday , according to a legislative calendar .
The New Jersey Compassionate Use Medical Marijuana
Act was passed by the state Senate in February by a 22 - 16 vote .
The committee can amend the bill and allow it to move to the full Assembly for a vote , which would move New Jersey closer to becoming the 14th state to legalize marijuana for medical purposes .
Gov. Jon S. Corzine has said he will sign the bill .
Under the bill , patients suffering from life - threatening or debilitating illnesses could be qualified to use medical marijuana with a doctor 's recommendation .
Patients would need to register with the New Jersey Department of Health and Senior Services , and would receive registration cards indicating that they are allowed to legally possess and use medical marijuana .
There is some division in medical and law enforcement communities about the bill , though a majority of area police officials seem to be against it .
The $ 328,835 snapshots of an Air Force
One backup plane buzzing lower Manhattan last week will not be shown to the public , the White House said yesterday .
“ We have no plans to release them , ” an aide to President Obama told The Post , refusing to comment further .
The sole purpose of the secret photo - op , which sent thousands of New Yorkers running for cover , was to take new publicity shots of the presidential jet over the city .
“ The photos . . . are classified — that ’s ridiculous , ” Councilman Peter Vallone Jr. , said .
The photos have not technically been “ classified , ” a White House aide said , but they are being kept from public view .
New Yorkers said they could not understand how a president who shares intimate snapshots from the White House could justify keeping these secret .
“ So we ’re not gonna see the fruits of this cruel joke ? ” said Frank Antonelli , 39 , one of the Wall Street traders spooked by last week ’s flyover .
“ I ’m not surprised .
Obama . . . would n’t further all the bad publicity by putting out those pictures . ”
Icelandic Aurora Photography
These are Aurora photos taken by Ovar Atli during the winter in Iceland where he had been out at night enduring in freezing cold and often windy nights to take these fascinating shots .
Auroras are also called the northern polar lights as it is only visible in the north sky from the northern hemisphere .
Psychology , Ideology , Utopia ,
and the Commons
Abstract
The failure of social scientists to seriously question their own ideological and methodological assumptions contributes to the complex interrelationship between global ecological and individual psychological problems .
Much of the literature on the tragedy of the commons focuses on saving the global commons through increased centralization and regulation , at the expense of the individual 's autonomy and psychological sense of community .
" Utopian " speculation in general and anarchist political analysis in particular are necessary correctives to misplaced attempts to merely rearrange the elements of the status quo rather than to radically alter it in a direction more in keeping with both survival and human dignity .
Article
Psychologists who turn their energies toward the solution of societal and global problems frequently find themselves in exasperated agreement with M. B. Smith 's ( 1972 ) exclamation that " In social policy , how often it turns out that to make headway on one problem , another equally difficult one must be attacked ! " ( p. 118 ) .
Thus , not surprisingly , over the years there have been a number of calls to " attempt to understand social problems in their entirety , from a more systemic , holistic viewpoint , rather than concentrating on only a single dimension of the problem and proposing piecemeal solutions " ( Caplan & Nelson , 1973 , p. 305 ) .
Unfortunately , such calls all too often are ignored by investigators who fail to question the single - issue approach that typifies research on a number of human dilemmas .
Even more distressing , though , is that many of those who do consciously advocate more radical , comprehensive solutions similarly fail to examine their own basic assumptions and , as a result , their proposals all too often point in the wrong direction .
In one sense , of course , even the liberal " tinkerer " approach is an improvement over the conservative " pure scientist " insistence that scientists striving for objectivity should not advocate change at all .
Yet although many psychologists do agree with Bevan 's ( 1982 ) urging of a moral commitment to help resolve national problems , most do n't seem to follow through on the logic of his point ( originally expressed by Miller , 1969 ) , that these " human problems , if taken seriously , will surely require humankind to change its behavior , both individually and collectively , and , more likely than not , its social institutions as well " ( Bevan , 1982 , p. 1316 ) .
Psychologists who have urged their peers to seriously challenge , rather than strengthen , the status quo remain a minority , and those in the moderate - to - liberal mainstream generally act on the belief that social change is possible -- and desirable - - only within a narrow , " realistic " range of options .
Academics who do suggest radical change in order to cope with environmental degradation , resource scarcity , economic and political disorder , and personal distress are found more often in the other social sciences than in psychology ( a situation that should in itself stimulate some thought among psychologists concerning their own place in society ) .
Unfortunately , such radical proposals generally come either from the Marxist left , advocating the transformation of the capitalist state into a centralized socialist one , or from the Hobbesian right , advocating the abandonment of equality and individual freedom in order to preserve the global environment .
These proposals are on the surface far - reaching .
However , because their faith in centralized state power channels their research questions , methods , and conclusions , the " radical centralists " actually stand in the way of the kinds of approaches that are needed just as surely as do the liberal tinkerers who are committed to maintaining the social system essentially in its current form .
For present purposes , the dilemmas of modern society may usefully be divided into two broad categories : problems of global ecology and problems of individual needs and values .
These two categories are intertwined ; central to my argument is the view that only solutions capable of solving both sets of problems can in the long run solve either set .
As a consequence of this interrelatedness , attempts to solve global or individual problems in isolation not only fail but , even worse , they frequently result in further complicating problems of the other type .
What I am suggesting here is that psychologists need to place greater emphasis on seeking comprehensive solutions that foster not liberal reform or radical centralization but , rather , radical decentralization .
Only by such a process can we avert major global crises while we simultaneously expand human dignity and meet human needs .
This argument -- that we seriously consider the utopian goal of a decentralized , federated society of smaller , autonomous communities -- combines several lines of thought generally pursued independently , including Moos and Brownstein's ( 1977 ) insistence that some form of political ecological utopia is necessary in order to preserve the environment ; the suggestion that decentralization in one form or another would in fact help resolve global dilemmas ( e.g. , Edney , 1980 , 1981a ; Harris , 1981 ; Tax , 1977 ; Taylor , 1976 ) ; and Sarason 's ( 1976/1982 ) acknowledgement of what he called the anarchist insight that the centralized state has compounded individual problems related to both autonomy and a psychological sense of community .
That this argument is in part an ideological one ( explicitly based on anarchist analyses , which most fully combine the separate components into a comprehensive whole ) rather than simply an empirical one , should be clear ; what should also be clear is that any opposing arguments are similarly ideological .
Decisions about which human needs and values are most important to fulfill , what form an alternative society should take , or which methods of transition are preferred cannot be based solely on " objective " criteria .
Social science is not -- and cannot be --value free ( Rein , 1976 ) .
It is not my goal here to spell out the details of a decentralized world .
Working out such details will take many years of speculation , imaginative investigation , and actual attempts to bring such a society about .
My goals , rather , are to point out the necessity of getting on with that working - out process now ; to urge psychologists to recognize the importance of " develop[ing ] the habit of mind that could see alternatives " ( Stoehr , 1979 , p. xxviii ) ; and to participate in the crucial process of exposing our own basic assumptions to constructive peer criticism .
There is , of course , no guarantee that even a significantly decentralized society would be able to resolve the entire multidimensional complex of global and individual problems , for the obstacles are immense , and no single approach will be totally successful .
What I am arguing , however , is that only a decentralized society has any chance at all of surviving in a form that is fully acceptable to most human beings because only in such a society can solutions to both sets of problems be consistent rather than contradictory .
up to top
Societal Problems and the Search for Solutions
Problems of GlobalEcology
Social scientists have reacted in a number of ways to the existence of global crises and potential crises .
Their responses , of course , have been consistent with their ideological assumptions , resulting in the unfortunate avoidance of several possibly productive avenues of research and speculation .
As an example , one major emphasis within psychology and other fields has been a growing literature that is in large part an outgrowth of Hardin 's 1968 article on " the tragedy of the commons . "
Hardin , a biologist , described a situation in which " rational " individuals looking out only for their own self - interest will inevitably destroy what they use in common , so long as they each get the full benefit of their individual use of the commons but only have to pay a small percentage of the costs ( note the assumptions behind Hardin 's definition of rationality , which comes directly from similar treatments in the economics literature -- e.g. , Olson , 1965 ) .
Hardin advocated the public acceptance of stringent controls on the right to have children and to consume resources , in the belief that people will not voluntarily cooperate for the good of all in a large global commons .
He later went on to urge the adoption of a " lifeboat ethics " as a means of ensuring human survival in an overpopulated world ( Hardin , 1972 ; Hardin & Baden , 1977 ) .
Hardin's thesis has been echoed by many who have accepted his assumption of scarcity , his profit - maximization view of human nature , and his call for a stronger , more coercive , centralized state capable of saving the commons .
Heilbroner ( 1980 ) , for example , wrote that " as I examine the prospect ahead , I not only predict but I prescribe a centralization of power as the only means by which our threatened and dangerous civilization will make way for its successor " ( p. 175 ) .
True , Heilbroner indicated a measure of discomfort with his prescription , and with his view that survival depends on our " susceptibility to appeals to national identity " and our " willingness to accept authority " ( p. 175 ) , but he saw little hope of any alternative .
Research in social psychology has focused on prisoner 's dilemma games , market simulations , bystander intervention , and related areas in an attempt to identify the conditions under which the tragedy comes into play .
Researchers often agree , explicitly or implicitly , with the conclusions of Hardin and Heilbroner :
In our modern , technological , complicated world , a tragedy of monumental scope is inevitable unless we resort to increased centralized governmental power ( see the examination of this view by Orbell & Dawes , 1981 , as well as the review by Stroebe & Frey , 1982 ) .
This seemingly obvious centralist conclusion , however , is convincing largely because it has what A. Roberts ( 1979 ) called " the advantage of simplicity " ( p. 159 ) , an advantage that leads to the " largely uncritical acceptance of ... false assumptions " and to " a search for salvation along paths which all unwittingly lead to destruction .
We might call it ' the tragedy of " The Tragedy of the Commons " ' " ( p. 161 ) .
Problems of Individual Needs and Values
We see the problems of global ecology as problems because at least in the long run they threaten individuals .
Regardless of whether widespread world hunger , for example , is primarily the result of too many people , inefficient resource distribution , the unnecessarily exalted place of protein - wasteful meat in the industrialized world 's diet , capitalist exploitation of the third world by multinational corporations , or some combination of these and other factors ( Lappe & Collins , 1978 ) , the fact remains that people die as a consequence of large - scale societal processes not under their own immediate control ; at the same time , the combined actions of millions of individuals shape those same global events .
This obvious link between developments in the larger society and attempts by individuals to satisfy their survival needs stands at the core of modern ecological thought on global dilemmas .
Perhaps less obvious is the fact that our ability to satisfy our psychological needs , values , goals , and so on is similarly affected by ( just as it affects ) events at the global level .
Yet understanding this aspect of the interaction is crucial in order to evaluate proposed solutions to problems at either level .
Determining what our needs and values actually are ( or should be ) , how they are formed ( at least given our particular social , economic , and historical context ) , whether they can be changed , and how individuals can best satisfy them has been a preoccupation , understandably , of large numbers of psychologists from a variety of theoretical perspectives , many of whom have filled bookstore shelves with advice to troubled individuals about how to relate to others , be creative , establish priorities , avoid shyness , escape depression , act assertively , and cope with the seemingly inevitable stresses of modern life .
Examining the plethora of individual motives can be simplified somewhat by the common procedure of separating them into those related to autonomy ( such as agency , individuality , assertiveness , achievement , and freedom ) and those related to what Sarason ( 1974 ) called a psychological sense of community ( such as communion , interdependence , cooperation , affiliation , intimacy , and belongingness ) .
There are other needs and values , of course , that cannot easily be placed in either category , but this distinction , which has been considered central by a large number of theorists ( e.g. , Bakan , 1966 ; Hogan , 1983 ) , remains particularly useful .
Stone ( 1974 ) pointed out that it is especially in the work of psychologists such as Adler , Dewey , and Fromm that there is a central focus on " the theme of self in community [ which ] stresses the interdependence of individual people " ( p. 263 ) .
Within social psychology , this fundamental individual - group distinction often dictates a two - part structure to introductory textbooks .
Variations of the autonomy - psychological sense of community theme come into Milgram 's ( 1974 ) assumption that a " potential for obedience is the prerequisite of ...[ hierarchical ] social organization " ( p. 125 ) ; into Rokeach's ( 1973 , 1979 ) model of political ideology based upon the relative importance of freedom and equality in individual value systems ; and of course into the tragedy of the commons literature 's frequent emphasis on inducing people to cooperate for the common good .
Topics such as equity , androgyny , group size and satisfaction , leadership styles , psychological reactance , and worker control of their jobs relate in one way or another to conceptions of the most satisfying ( or legitimate , or productive , or moral ) balance between the two .
Aronson ( 1980 , p. 13 ) noted that the " tension between values associated with individuality and values associated with conformity " has been a focus of philosophical debate and political activity from Aristotle through Hobbes and Rousseau to the present .
Too often , however , what has been given sole philosophical consideration has been the conflict between the community 's " right " to insist on individual participation and the individual 's " right " to be autonomous ; what has been relatively neglected within both philosophy and psychology has been consideration of the importance to the individual not only of autonomy but , also , of a positive sense of belonging and mutuality .
Also neglected , it should be added , are the benefits for the society as a whole of having members who are in control of the important areas of their lives .
Bakan ( 1966 ) urged psychologists to place more of an emphasis on balancing agency with the equally important " communion feature of the psyche " ( p. 56 ) .
His point has been repeated in one form or another by a number of psychologists in recent years who have criticized their peers for being preoccupied with a liberal concern for " self - contained individualism , " for promoting selfishness at the expense of interdependence and community , or for assuming that all human motivation can adequately be explained by reference to maximization of profits or other self - oriented needs ( e.g. , Hogan , 1973 , 1975 ; Kanfer , 1979 ; Lerner , 1982 ; Sampson , 1977 , 1978 , 1981 ; Wallach & Wallach , 1983 ; Yankelovich , 1982 ; however , see Waterman , 1981 ) .
Although some of these criticisms come from an essentially conservative direction , others do not -- see , for example , Chomsky ( 1969/1981 b ) , who noted that " surely this concept of economic man is a psychological absurdity which leads to untold suffering for those who try to mold themselves to this pattern , as well as for their victims " ( p. 226 ) .
Regardless of its ideological origins , however , the essential point -- that psychological health requires a balance between individual autonomy and a psychological sense of community -- must be taken seriously by those who advocate radical solutions to societal problems as well as by those who cling to their preference for liberal reform .
Towards Comprehensive Solutions
The question remains :
How can we preserve the global commons while at the same time facilitating the individual 's attainment of both autonomy and a psychological sense of community ?
The difficulty with most proposed solutions for ecological crises is that although they sometimes appear to be efficient ways of dealing with a deteriorating ecosystem , they treat only the symptoms and fail to cure the underlying disease .
In addition , the common call for increased coercive centralization would , if enacted , contribute to a further increase in individual psychological problems by reducing both autonomy and interdependence within communities and by increasing alienation , routinization , and competition .
It is not surprising that popular resistance to such state - coercive solutions is widespread .
On the other hand , attempts to deal with the problems of individuals solely through one - to - one therapy , general education , the establishment of support networks , or minor institutional change do n't go far enough .
As Albee ( 1982 , p. 1044 ) pointed out , " more widespread and expensive social reform " is needed to prevent -- rather than just " treat " -- the " emotional distress and mental disturbance in our society [ which ] is due to dehumanizing social influences " such as oppression , meaningless work , racism , and sexism .
The American " person - blame " ideology ( Caplan & Nelson , 1973 ) deflects concern away from the political , economic , and social status quo and often results , for those not simply struggling to survive , in the single - minded pursuit of power , career , and material goods .
Such a pursuit directly interferes with the attainment of interdependence .
To make matters worse , the resulting overemphasis on materialism puts further strain on scarce resources , thus actually contributing to the more rapid depletion of the commons and , in turn , to still more problems for individuals .
The general reluctance among social scientists to advocate , or even investigate , comprehensive solutions of the kind that are needed is illustrated within the literature on the tragedy of the commons .
The treatment received by the few exceptions is instructive :
When they have not been ignored they have generally been relegated to short footnotes ; only rarely have they been directly and fully disputed .
up to top
The Tragedy of the Tragedy
Dissent on the Commons
Shortly after Hardin's ( 1968 ) original article , Crowe ( 1969 ) claimed that several of Hardin 's crucial assumptions were unsupportable .
Briefly , he argued that in large , modern states there can realistically be no general agreement about which values to fulfill , which interests to pursue ; that , consequently , coercive force will always be inadequate , unable to ensure full compliance with centralized policies ; and that any probable centralized bureaucracy is likely to be subject to interest - group pressures that would open the commons to differential exploitation .
He went on to suggest that " emerging forms of tribal behavior " may be " the last hope of reducing political and social institutions to a level " where problems might be resolved :
We might well assume that the departure from the tribal experience is a short - run deviant experiment that failed .
As we stand " on the eve of destruction , " it may well be that the return to the face - to - face life in the small community unmediated by the electronic media is a very functional response in terms of the perpetuation of the species .
( p. 1106 )
Hardin and Baden ( 1977 ) did reprint Crowe 's article , along with a response to it by Ostrom ( 1977 ) .
But , with only occasional exceptions , the sporadic reaction has been limited to little more than passing reference to Crowe 's pessimistic attitude .
Hardin ( 1972 ) did note that Crowe convinced him he had " grossly underestimated " the difficulty of the quis custodiet problem [ " Who shall watch the watchers themselves ? " ] but he then added that " If I differ at all from Crowe , I think it is in my optimism " ( p. 247 ; see also M. B. Smith , 1972 ) .
Taylor 's ( 1976 ) critical analysis of the mathematical assumptions of prisoner 's dilemma games and the logical and historical assumptions of Hardin 's arguments has been cited more often than Crowe's , but also usually in lists of citations or in footnotes that do not adequately raise , let alone respond to , the points he made ( e.g. , Orbell & Dawes , 1981 , p. 45 ; Orbell & Wilson , 1978 , p. 412 , footnote 3 , and p. 413 , footnote 5 ; for one of the few exceptions , see Laver , 1980 ) .
Taylor pointed out that the lowered level of voluntary cooperation typically found in large groups and nations does not necessarily mean that the state has to be strengthened ; just as logical is the conclusion that society should be reorganized as a network of smaller groups that would encourage a sense of belonging and enhance cooperation .
Taylor argued that people who come to rely on the state to control their affairs lose the ability to function autonomously , and that in the absence of a centralized state people would eventually regain that ability as well as their motivation to protect the commons .
Edney ( 1980 , 1981a ) also argued that long - term solutions will require , among a number of other approaches , breaking down the commons into smaller segments .
He reviewed experimental data showing that cooperative behavior is indeed more common in smaller groups .
After estimating that " the upper limit for a simple , self - contained , sustaining , well - functioning commons may be as low as 150 people " ( 1981a , p. 27 ) , he listed the following " functional benefits " of reducing group size : Improved communication helps sustain necessary feedback ; greater visibility of member distress during scarcity enhances the probability of remedial action ; individual responsibilities are harder to avoid ; alienation is reduced ; and the role of money is reduced .
Also , with many small commons instead of one large one , shortages in one cannot endanger the whole , and free riders have limited impact .
" The improved focus on the group itself , the greater ease of monitoring exploitative power , and the opportunities for trust to develop among individuals with face - to - face contact are also enhanced " ( 1981a , p. 28 ) .
Some of these points bring to mind the distinction between communal and exchange relationships ( Clark & Mills , 1979 ) .
As the size of the group decreases , as trust increases along with the development of a sense of family or we , the self - oriented exchange relationships taken for granted in the commons literature should be minimized .
As Hyde ( 1983 ) pointed out ,
It remains an unsolved dilemma of the modern world , one to which anarchists have repeatedly addressed themselves , as to how we are to preserve true community in a mass society , one whose dominant value is exchange value and whose morality has been codified into law . ( p. 89 )
Other areas of research that touch on many of these same points include the literature on empathy and altruism ( e.g. , Batson & Coke , 1981 ; Hornstein , 1976 ) , the long - standing evidence that people are more likely to remain committed to decisions they have had a part in making ( Lewin , 1947 ) , and the view that levels of cooperation and competition are dependent on variable cultural values ( e.g. , Boulding , 1979 ; McClintock , 1974 ) .
Cultural values are also important in the very creation of scarcity in the first place .
Referring to the work of Calabresi and Bobbitt ( 1978 ) , Edney ( 1981a ) noted that much of the depletion of the commons is the result of production and distribution priorities established by individuals ; such priorities need not be taken for granted .
The implication is that in a smaller , less alienating community materialistic values would change .
Cooperation , joint consumption , and less individual accumulation would go a long way toward reducing scarcity now seen as inevitable , especially as people in the individualistic " overdeveloped " world reduce their disproportionate use of natural resources and recognize the benefits -- not only for the rest of humanity but for themselves as well -- of a simpler lifestyle ( Barbour , 1980 ) .
Resistance to the Dissent
Many of the criticisms raised by Crowe , Taylor , Edney , and others ( e.g. , A. Roberts , 1979 ; R. Routley & V. Routley , 1982 ; V. Routley & R. Routley , 1980 ) have been supported by experimental evidence .
People in groups do tend to cooperate more when the groups are small , when the group members have interacted repeatedly over time and expect to continue doing so in the future , and when the members can communicate with one another about their decisions .
Cooperation enhances continued cooperation as trust increases .
So why do most social scientists not even discuss the conclusions drawn by those dissenting from the centralized - state approach ?
Most people apparently assume that a decentralist approach is either impossible or unappealing .
Dismissing radical decentralization as impossible , however , may have more to do with unquestioned preferences for the status quo or for centralist alternatives , perhaps based on a pessimistic negative view of human nature , than it does with an open - minded exploration of the evidence .
( The debate over this can get quite heated -- see Shippee 's , 1981 , response to Edney , 1980 , and Edney's , 1981b , rejoinder . )
Even though Hardin and Baden ( 1977 ) include an article that clearly demonstrates the ability of over 200 Hutterite communities in the United States and Canada to resolve commons dilemmas ( Bullock & Baden , 1977 ) , and even though they acknowledge the higher level of cooperation in small groups , they just do n't consider such small - scale communal efforts to be a useful model ( Baden , 1977 , p. 138 ; Hardin , 1977a , p. 71 ) .
Adding to the problem is that researchers generally do not even take decentralist autonomous - community solutions into account .
As an example , although Messick et al. ( 1983 ) cited both Crowe ( 1969 ) and Edney ( 1980 ) , their research goal was to discover only
when or under what circumstances individuals will voluntarily relinquish their freedom of access to a commons by turning the management of the commons over to a centralized authority .
Specifically , we are interested in the conditions under which users of a commons will prefer to elect an individual who will have absolute authority to allocate a common resource in preference to allowing all individuals in a group free access to the resource .
( p. 296 )
Certainly in the real world , however -- in the real commons -- people have many more options than totally free individual access and dictatorial " absolute authority . "
Unlike the real world , Messick et al .'s subjects had no face - to - face communication ; they were assigned to six - person " groups " that were in fact composed of six individuals ( isolated in semiprivate booths ) whose only ( perceived ) contact with one another was by computer .
Significantly , these " groups " were not given the option of choosing an actual group meeting where an optimal strategy could be worked out by all through discussion and mutual agreement .
It is not surprising , therefore , that the subjects tended to opt for a leader to save their dwindling resources , considering the only alternative they were allowed .
Research that is limited to these two choices forecloses the possibility that other arrangements will be selected , and contributes to the widespread assumption that centralized authority is the sole rational solution .
The view that a society of small , autonomous communities would be unappealing is also a factor in the failure to take decentralization seriously .
Significant decentralization and increased within - community interdependence would undoubtedly lead to a decrease in many of the individualistic career - and - material - comfort pursuits now a staple of American culture .
Decentralized society would be very different , and there are many who like things the way they are -- including many psychologists who have a stake in preserving the status quo ( Sarason , 1981 ) .
Young ( 1980 ) noted that some objections to " deurbanization " might be met by the creation of worthwhile alternatives ; in the meantime , though , it should not be surprising that research along the lines suggested here is so scarce .
What many people find unappealing about decentralization is what they call the " mindless conformity " of the " small - town mentality . "
It is important to note that advocates of a decentralized society of smaller autonomous communities are usually not thinking in terms of small towns as they exist today .
Such towns are hardly autonomous , and they provide few opportunities for the face - to - face intimacy and cultural variety possible in the kibbutz , in the commune , and occasionally in the old ethnic neighborhood .
Aronson ( 1980 ) pointed out that " it 's easier for an individual who is securely ensconced in a group to deviate from that group " ( p. 24 ) ; he also speculated that people are more likely to help others when there is a feeling of " common fate , " when there is mutuality and not merely common residence in the same area .
Much of the supposedly mindless conformity ascribed to small towns -- and of course present in similar forms in the universities , corporations , and other bureaucracies in the big cities as well -- may be a reflection of the fact that many people do not feel " securely ensconced " in any group ; even in small towns , " mutuality " is often missing from the lives of the residents .
The value structure of modern American society ( Williams , 1970 ) and the disruptions caused by long - term societal trends hardly encourage the sense of security and commonality that may be needed for people to become more open to the idiosyncrasies of their neighbors .
Anarchists and the Commons
Aronson 's point about the possibility of increased independence within the context of an accepting group has been echoed by the anarchist Bookchin ( 1982 ) , who argued that individual freedom is only possible within the interdependence of a " free community . "
Such a view , in fact -- that community and individuality must be merged in " communal individuality " ( Ritter , 1980 ) -- has traditionally been emphasized by the anarchists on the political left considered here , sometimes known as libertarian socialists or anarchocommunists ( though not , it should be noted , by anarchocapitalists or " libertarians " on the political right ) .
Although the term anarchy is generally used by the media to mean " chaotic " or " violent , " bringing to the public mind images of bomb - throwing psychopaths , and even though some people who refer to themselves as anarchists seem to use the term primarily for its shock value or as a way of labelling their personal rejection of all societal order , the truth is somewhat more complex .
As Barclay ( 1982 ) noted , anarchism as a political philosophy is
not opposed to structure , to order or to society ....
The issue for anarchists is not whether there should be structure or order , but what kind there should be and what its sources ought to be .
The individual or group which has sufficient liberty to be self - regulating will have the highest degree of order ; the imposition of order from above and outside induces resentment and rebellion where it does not encourage childlike dependence and impotence , and so becomes a force for disorder .
( p. 17 )
The anarchist view that competition and violence are not inevitable parts of human nature was developed by , among others , Kropotkin , whose Mutual A : A Factor in Evolution ( 1902/1955 ) is still cited in the psychological literature as evidence of natural tendencies toward cooperation that have great survival value among both humans and other animals ( e.g. , Aronson , 1980 , p. 167 ) .
Although of course there have been violent anarchists , anarchist philosophy is clearly compatible with the creation of a nonviolent and cooperative world , as many pacifist anarchists have insisted .
The typical anarchist view of human nature , it should be clear , is in direct contrast to Hardin 's ( 1977 b , p. 126 ) , who wrote that " As Leo Durocher said : ' Nice guys finish last . '
Our ancestors did not finish last . "
Most anarchists would disagree with the reasons for our ancestors ' success , though some have argued that even if human nature is indeed as hopelessly greedy , competitive , and power - oriented as many people assume , then " the beauty of the decentralist , anarchist position is that nobody can do much harm .... [ If ] people are corrupt as hell , therefore do n't give anybody any power ... because the people who have power are not going to be any better " ( Goodman , 1972/ 1979 , p. 271 ) .
In pointing out to community psychologists the need to take into account the effect of the centralized state on the individual , Sarason ( 1976/1982 ) described what he called the essential two - part " anarchist insight . "
First , he noted ,
The central state ( and its governmental apparatus ) , by its very nature and dynamics , inevitably becomes a force alien to the interests of its people , and the stronger the state becomes , the more it enslaves people in the sense that they are required , they are forced , to do things they do not want to do ; i.e. , there is addilution in personal autonomy .
The rhetoric of the state is one thing ; its actual operations are something else again . ( p. 140 )
At the same time , according to Sarason , paralleling Taylor 's ( 1976 ) argument discussed above ,
The more powerful the state becomes , the more its people look to it as the fount of initiative and succor , the more is the psychological sense of community diluted .
That is to say , the more the lives of people are a consequence of decisions made by Kafkaesque officialdom , the more they are robbed of those communal bonds and responsibility upon which the sense of rootedness is built .
( p. 140 )
Sarason 's statement clarifies the traditional anarchist position that the creation of a decentralized society of small self - managed communities not subject to the dictates of a centralized state -- though federated with other communities for necessary coordination -- would be psychologically healthier ; it would enhance cooperation and help transform individualistic , materialistic values into values that are less damaging for individuals as well as for the community as a whole .
By definition , anarchists oppose solutions that lead to greater state power ( Bookchin , for example , has bluntly criticized what he calls Hardin's " ecofascist ethics " -- 1980 , p. 277 ) and they look approvingly at societies where both autonomy and interdependence are simultaneously emphasized , such as those of the Hopi ( Bookchin , 1980 ) and the Eskimo ( Barclay , 1982 ) .
Goodman ( 1966/1979 , p. 176 ) pointed out that what he called the " anarchist principle , " which holds " that valuable behavior occurs only by the free and direct response of individuals or voluntary groups to the conditions presented by the historical environment , " is " a social - psychological hypothesis with obvious political implications " ( see also Chomsky , 1973 , 1981a ) .
Although Sarason did not directly relate the anarchist insight to problems of global ecology , the connection is one that anarchists themselves have often made .
Kropotkin , it should be remembered , was a biologist ; Comfort ( 1982 ) in fact called him the founder of ecology , and Bookchin ( 1971 ) , who refers to himself as a social ecologist , has long insisted that only an anarchist society can be ecological .
Anarchist proposals for dealing with the environment form the core of many of the dissents from the centralist tendency in the commons literature , whether those arguments are couched in explicitly anarchist terminology ( Taylor , 1976 ) or not ( Edney , 1980 , 1981a ) .
Similarly , Ophuls ( 1977 ) noted that the environmental question " is so close to the central problem of anarchism that it is perhaps the most directly relevant body of theory for many of the critical issues " ( p. 235 ) .
Maslow ( 1971 ) too approved of the anarchist emphasis on an ecological relationship with nature , its stress on decentralization , local autonomy , and personal responsibility , and its mistrust of force , large organizations , and large accumulations of power .
Deploring the fact that " most intellectuals know little or nothing about philosophical anarchism " ( p. 207 ) , he went on to identify anarchy as the level of organization in politics and economics for those who have " transcended " self - actualization ( p. 275-276 ) .
Defenses of anarchism are not limited to the view that an anarchist society would be psychologically healthier for its members and more in tune with environmental realities .
Anarchism , for example , has also been advocated on philosophical grounds ( e.g. , Ritter , 1980 ; Wolff , 1970 ) .
In addition , many anthropologists have contended that the small egalitarian anarchy is " the oldest type of polity and one which has characterized most of human history " ( Barclay , 1982 , p. 12 ; see also Fried , 1967 , and Taylor , 1982 ) .
In contrast to the popular Hobbesian tone of much current thought , Barclay noted that " clearly , the anthropological record does not support Hobbes in any way .
Stateless societies seem less violent and brutish than those with the state " ( 1982 , p. 28 ; see also Orbell & Rutherford , 1973 ) .
Whether anarchism has anything to offer us today is both an empirical and an ideological question .
Proposals by anarchist theorists , however , as well as solutions offered by social scientists dissenting from the mainstream ideology , are most often dismissed not because they are necessarily wrong , but because they are considered to be impractical , utopian , impossible in the modern world .
Some anarchists , of course , simply reject these charges outright ; others assert that , based on their reading of history , the extent to which anarchism is practical remains an open but hopeful question , and that in any case the adoption of an anarchist perspective in analyzing contemporary society provides the most meaningful yardstick with which to measure the ultimate value of proposed social changes ( Chomsky , 1973 ; Comfort , 1982 ; Falk , 1978 ; Goodman , 1966 / 1979 ; Joll , 1979 ; Perlin , 1979 ; Taylor , 1982 ; Ward , 1973 ) .
Practicality and Utopian Speculation
Whether anarchist or some other kind of truly radical solutions -- perhaps , for example , the partial decentralization advocated by Hawken , Ogilvy , and Schwartz ( 1982 ) - - can ultimately be fully realized is of less immediate importance than is the usefulness of our engaging even in " impractical " speculation ( Wrightsman , 1974 ) .
The utopian label is often pinned on calls for comprehensive change as a means of dismissing them from serious consideration .
However , utopia " seems unrealizable only from the point of view of a given social order which is already in existence " ( Mannheim , 1936 / 1960 , p. 190 ) ; such social orders come and go , and those who indulge in utopian thinking may be more prepared for , and sympathetic to , the inevitability of widespread societal transformation .
A number of psychologists have explicitly recognized the importance of encouraging utopian speculation as a means of approaching social problems ( e.g. , Maslow , 1965 ; Moos & Brownstein , 1977 ; Morawski , 1982 ; Wrightsman , 1974 ) .
Maslow , for example , taught a course in " Utopian Social Psychology " that was concerned with " the empirical and realistic questions :
How good a society does human nature permit ?
How good a human nature does society permit ?
What is possible and feasible ?
What is not ? " ( 1971 , p. 203 ) .
He also noted that " no Utopia can be constructed henceforth ... without making peace with the concept of synergy " ( p. 200 ) , referring to Ruth Benedict 's notion of a society in which the social structure " provides for acts which are mutually reinforcing " ( p. 194 ) ; this emphasis on synergy is clearly related to recent analyses of how people 's well - being is directly affected by the degree of congruence or " fit " between them and their environment ( Stokols , 1978 ) .
There is at least the possibility that those environmental constraints on our behavior that we ourselves have created can in the future be altered .
Although of course we will never have a perfect society , increased utopian speculation on the part of social scientists would enhance the possibility of seeking -- and perhaps finding -- more effective solutions to complex problems .
Without the goal of a synergistic ecological utopia , we are likely to continue floundering , perhaps making progress on some fronts as we retreat on others .
Keeping utopia in mind can prevent our settling for minor reforms when more significant change might be possible .
Attempts to actually create alternative or utopian societies have been common throughout history ( see Gardner , 1978 ; Manuel , 1966 ; Manuel & Manuel , 1979 ; Moment & Kraushaar , 1980 ) .
Even now there is a six - member Federation of Egalitarian Communities partly inspired by Skinner 's ( 1948/1962 )
Walden Two , with hundreds of other unaffiliated communes scattered across the United States .
Communities : Journal of Cooperation has been published regularly , largely by members of several communes , for over a decade .
In Israel , the kibbutz system , heavily influenced by socialist and anarchist utopians early in this century , is the most successful commune federation in the world ; also thriving is the network of North American Hutterite communities ( Bullock & Baden , 1977 ) .
Alternative communities have their problems , of course , as might be expected given the difficulties faced by people attempting to radically alter their own behavior .
Shey ( 1977 ) , for example , discussed communes that failed partly because of interpersonal conflict growing out of strong individualistic values ( see also Kanter , 1973 ) .
Still , Taylor ( 1982 ) noted that " The secular family commune is probably unique in the degree to which community and autonomy are together valued , sought after , and in some instances successfully achieved in practice " ( p. 162 ) .
What we now need is increased interest among social scientists in stimulating more practice , as well as increased institutional support for such experiments .
What a decentralized society would look like , and how members of different autonomous communities would end up defining for themselves the appropriate balance between individual autonomy and psychological sense of community , remains to be worked out in the future .
It is only after utopia is made a goal that
the long and difficult undertaking of defining the content for a new society can begin .... Through a variety of mechanisms -- traditional and innovative - - utopian frameworks must be presented , debated , and advocated .
In the parlance of contemporary media , utopia must become an issue and , as an issue , receive a place on the political agenda of our society .
( Moos & Brownstein , 1977 , p. 277 )
Conclusions
Edney ( 1981a ) discussed the necessity of including both social values and social structures in any analysis of social problems .
He also wrote that the most effective solutions must come through a two - part process : first , " basic investigations of the nature of behavior " of individuals within their social settings , and , only as a second step , " technical questions of how to effect changes and what parameters to employ " ( 1980 , p. 148 ) .
Unfortunately , social science solutions all too often do not adequately take into account the first step ; consequently , answers to the " technical questions " are essentially limited by largely unquestioned preconceived notions .
Similarly , basic assumptions about the proper methods of social science research stand in the way of more creative approaches to the study of social change .
Fortunately , there has been some movement in recent years away from a strict insistence on the " carefully controlled quantitative approach of the physical science laboratory " towards approaches that preserve the " richness of our observations " ( Bevan , 1982 , p. 1310 ) .
Bevan 's complaint about " self - limiting " specialization --" the most serious question facing organized psychology today " ( p. 1311 ) -- brings to mind Buss 's ( 1975 ) call for psychology to become " holistic and humanistic . "
Academic overspecialization and rigid adherence to the dominant experimental paradigm are not likely to lead to comprehensive social change .
As the traditional quantitative research methods are balanced by qualitative ones ( Agar , 1980 ; Bogdan & Taylor , 1975 ; Ginsburg , 1979 ; Morgan , 1983 ; Patton , 1980 ; H. Roberts , 1981 ; Sanford , 1982 ) and as long - held assumptions about the nature of social science and about the connection between psychology and the status quo are questioned on a number of grounds ( Caplan & Nelson , 1973 ; Harre , 1980 ; Harre & Secord , 1972 ; Kendler , 1981 ; Manicas & Secord , 1983 ; Reason & Rowan , 1981 ; Rosnow , 1981 ; Sarason , 1981 ; K. K. Smith & White , 1983 ; Staats , 1983 ; Wexler , 1983 ) , perhaps psychologists will become more willing to question their own personal ideologies , values , and goals .
Such a development is necessary if psychologists are to make a real contribution toward the resolution of global commons dilemmas without sacrificing the individual 's autonomy and psychological sense of community in the name of the " survival of the species . "
Survival is of course crucial , but it can not be our only goal .
After all , " other animals may obey the simple dictum , ' Above all , survive ! ' but the human animal tends to ask , ' Survive as what ? ' "
( A. Roberts , 1979 , p. 10 ) .
Utopian thought in general , and anarchist thought in particular , could be dismissed quite easily were it not for two factors .
For one thing , as Moos and Brownstein ( 1977 ) pointed out , utopian solutions are now a necessity rather than a luxury .
For another , traditional anarchist accounts of human motives and social organization happen to mesh surprisingly well with recent psychological theory and with the data at hand .
While most people assume the commune is impossible , the neighborhood dead , and the alienating existence of mass society here to stay , anarchists reasonably suggest as a long - range goal an " organized anarchy " - - a decentralized society of federated autonomous communities that would be better able to deal simultaneously with both global and individual problems at their source .
Refusing to consider anarchist perspectives and failing to question our own basic assumptions may ultimately lead to tragedies that could otherwise be avoided .
up to top
References
Agar , M. H. ( 1980 ) .
The professional stranger :
An informal introduction to ethnography .
New York : Academic Press .
Albee , G. W. ( 1982 ) .
Preventing psychopathology and promoting human potential .
American Psychologist , 37 , 1043 - 1050 .
Aronson , E. ( 1980 )
The social animal ( 3rd ed. ) .
San Francisco : Freeman .
Baden , J. ( 1977 ) .
A primer for the management of common pool resources .
In G. Hardin & J. Baden ( Eds. ) , Managing the commons ( pp. 137-146 ) .
San Francisco : Freeman .
Bakan , D. ( 1966 ) .
The duality of human existence :
An essay on psychology and religion .
Chicago : Rand McNally .
Barbour , I. G. ( 1980 ) .
Technology , environment , and human values .
New York : Praeger .
Barclay , H. ( 1982 ) .
People without government :
An anthropology of anarchism .
London : Kahn & Averill .
Batson , C. D. , & Coke , J. S. ( 1981 ) .
Empathy : A source of altruistic motivation for helping ?
In J. P. Rushton & R. M. Sorrentino ( Eds. ) , Altruism and helping behavior : Social , personality , and developmental perspectives ( pp. 167-187 ) .
Hillsdale , NJ : Erlbaum .
Bevan , W. ( 1982 ) .
A sermon of sorts in three plus parts .
American Psychologist , 37 , 1303 - 1322 .
Bogdan , R. , & Taylor , S. J. ( 1975 ) .
Introduction to qualitative research methods : A phenomenological approach to the social sciences .
New York : Wiley .
Bookchin , M. ( 1971 ) .
Post - scarcity anarchism .
Palo Alto , CA : Ramparts Press .
Bookchin , M. ( 1980 ) .
Toward an ecological society .
Montreal : Black Rose Books .
Bookchin , M. ( 1982 ) .
The ecology of freedom :
The emergence and dissolution of hierarchy .
Palo Alto , CA : Cheshire Books .
Boulding , E. ( 1979 ) .
Deep structures and sociological analysis : Some reflections .
American Sociologist , 14 , 70 - 73 .
Bullock , K. , & Baden , J. ( 1977 ) .
Communes and the logic of the commons .
In G. Hardin & J. Baden ( Eds. ) , Managing the commons ( pp. 182-1199 ) .
San Francisco : Freeman .
Buss , A. R. ( 1975 ) .
The emerging field of the sociology of psychological knowledge .
American Psychologist , 30 , 988-1002 .
Calabresi , G. , & Bobbitt , P. ( 1978 ) .
Tragic choices .
New York : Norton .
Caplan , N. , & Nelson , S. D. ( 1973 ) .
On being useful :
The nature and consequences of psychological research on social problems .
American Psychologist , 28 , 199-211 .
Chomsky , N. ( 1973 ) .
For reasons of state .
New York : Vintage Books .
Chomsky , N. ( 1981a ; C. P. Otero , Ed. ) .
Radical priorities .
Montreal : Black Rose Books .
Chomsky , N. ( 1981 b ) .
Some tasks for the left .
In N. Chomsky , Radical priorities ( pp. 219-231 ) .
Montreal : Black Rose Books .
( Reprinted from Liberation , 1969 , August - September , 14 , 38 - 43 )
Clark , M. S. , & Mills , J. ( 1979 ) .
Interpersonal attraction in exchange and communal relationships .
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , 37 , 12 - 24 .
Comfort , A. ( 1982 ) .
Preface .
In H. Barclay , People without government :
An anthropology of anarchism ( pp. 7 - 9 ) .
London : Kahn & Averill .
Crowe , B. ( 1969 ) .
The tragedy of the commons revisited .
Science , 166 , 1103 - 1107 .
Edney , J. J. ( 1980 ) .
The commons problem : Alternative perspectives .
American Psychologist , 35 , 131-150 .
Edney , J. J. ( 1981a ) .
Paradoxes on the commons : Scarcity and the problem of equality .
Journal of Community Psychology , 9 , 3 - 34 .
Edney , J. J. ( 1981 b ) .
Reply to Shippee [ Comment ] .
American Psychologist , 36 , 217 .
Falk , R. A. ( 1978 ) .
Anarchism and world order .
In J. R. Pennock & J. W. Chapman ( Eds. ) , Anarchism ( pp. 63 - 87 ) .
New York : New York University .
Fried , M. H. ( 1967 ) .
The evolution of political society :
An essay in political anthropology .
New York : Random House .
Gardner , H. ( 1978 ) .
The children of prosperity : Thirteen modern American communes .
New York : St. Martin's Press .
Ginsburg , G. P. ( Ed. ) . ( 1979 ) .
Emerging strategies in social psychological research .
Chichester , England : Wiley .
Goodman , P. ( 1979 ) .
Last public speech .
In T. Stoehr ( Ed. ) , Drawing the line :
The political essays of Paul Goodman ( pp. 264-272 ) .
New York : Dutton .
( Reprinted from R. B. Allison , Ed. , Humanizing our future .
Hinsdale , IL : School of Living Press , 1972 )
Goodman , P. ( 1979 ) .
Reflections on the anarchist principle .
In T. Stoehr ( Ed. ) , Drawing the line :
The political essays of Paul Goodman ( pp. 176-177 ) .
New York : Dutton .
( Reprinted from Anarchy , 1966 , 6 , 115 - 116 )
Hardin , G. ( 1968 ) .
The tragedy of the commons .
Science , 162 , 1243-1248 .
Hardin , G. ( 1972 ) .
Exploring new ethics for survival : The voyage of the Spaceship Beagle .
New York : Penguin Books .
Hardin , G. ( 1977a ) .
An operational analysis of " responsibility . "
In G. Hardin & J. Baden ( Eds. ) , Managing the commons ( pp. 66-75 ) .
San Francisco : Freeman .
Hardin , G. ( 1977 b ) .
The revival of pejoristic thinking .
In G. Hardin & J. Baden ( Eds. ) , Managing the commons ( pp. 126-134 ) .
San Francisco : Freeman .
Hardin , G. , & Baden , J. ( Eds. ) . ( 1977 ) .
Managing the commons .
San Francisco : Freeman .
Harre , R. ( 1980 ) .
Social being : A theory for social psychology .
Totowa , NJ : Littlefield , Adams .
Harre , R. , & Secord , P. F. ( 1972 ) .
The explanation of social behavior .
Totowa , NJ : Littlefield , Adams .
Harris , M. ( 1981 ) .
America now :
The anthropology of a changing culture .
New York : Simon & Schuster .
Hawken , P. , Ogilvy , J. , & Schwartz , P. ( 1982 ) .
Seven tomorrows : Toward a voluntary history .
New York : Bantam Books .
Heilbroner , R. L. ( 1980 ) .
An inquiry into the human prospect : Updated and reconsidered for the 1980s .
New York : Norton .
Hogan , R. ( 1973 ) .
Moral conduct and moral character : A psychological perspective .
Psychological Bulletin , 79 , 217-232 .
Hogan , R. ( 1975 ) .
Theoretical egocentrism and the problem of compliance .
American Psychologist , 30 , 533-540 .
Hogan , R. ( 1983 ) .
A socioanalytic theory of personality .
In M. M. Page ( Ed. ) , Nebraska symposium on motivation 1982 ( pp. 55 - 89 ) .
Lincoln : University of Nebraska Press .
Hornstein , H. A. ( 1976 ) .
Cruelty and kindness : A new look at aggression and altruism .
Englewood Cliffs , NJ : Prentice - Hall .
Hyde , L. ( 1983 ) .
The gift : Imagination and the erotic life of property .
New York : Vintage Books .
Joll , J. ( 1979 ) .
The anarchists ( 2nd ed. ) .
Cambridge , MA : Harvard University Press .
Kanfer , R. H. ( 1979 ) .
Personal control , social control , and altruism : Can society survive the age of individualism ?
American Psychologist , 34 , 231-239 .
Kanter , R. M. ( Ed. ) .
Communes : Creating and managing the collective life .
New York : Harper & Row .
Kendler , H. H. ( 1981 ) .
Psychology : A science in conflict .
New York : Oxford University Press .
Kropotkin , P. ( 1955 ) .
Mutual aid : A factor in evolution .
Boston : Extending Horizons Books .
( Original work published 1902 )
Lappe , F. M. , & Collins , J. ( 1978 ) .
Food first : Beyond the myth of scarcity ( rev. ed. ) .
New York : Ballantine .
Laver , M. ( 1980 ) .
Political solutions to the collective action problem .
Political Studies , 28 , 195-209 .
Lerner , M. J. ( 1982 ) .
The justice motive in human relations and the economic model of man : A radical analysis of facts and fictions .
In V. J. Derlega & J. Grzelak ( Eds. ) , Cooperation and helping behavior : Theories and research ( pp. 249-278 ) .
New York : Academic Press .
Lewin , K. ( 1947 ) .
Frontiers in group dynamics .
Human Relations , 1 , 5 - 42 .
Manicas , P. T. , & Secord , P. F. ( 1983 ) .
Implications for psychology of the new philosophy of science .
American Psychologist , 38 , 399-413 .
Mannheim , K. ( 1960 ) .
Ideology and utopia :
An introduction to the sociology of knowledge .
London : Routledge .
( Original work published 1936 )
Manuel , F. E. ( Ed. ) . ( 1966 ) .
Utopias and utopian thought .
Boston : Beacon Press .
Manuel , F. E. , & Manuel , F. P. ( 1979 ) .
Utopian thought in the Western world .
Cambridge , MA : Belknap Press .
Maslow , A. H. ( 1965 ) .
Eupsychian management : A journal .
Homewood , IL : Richard Irwin & Dorsey .
Maslow , A. H. ( 1971 ) .
The farther reaches of human nature .
New York : Penguin Books .
McClintock , C. G. ( 1974 ) .
Development of social motives in Anglo - American and Mexican - American children .
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , 29 , 348-354 .
Messick , D. M. , Wilke , H. , Brewer , M. B. , Kramer , R. M. , Zemke , P. E. , & Lui , L. ( 1983 ) .
Individual adaptations and structural change as solutions to social dilemmas .
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , 44 , 294-309 .
Milgram , S. ( 1974 ) .
Obedience to authority : An experimental view .
New York : Harper .
Miller , G. A. ( 1969 ) .
Psychology as a means of promoting human welfare .
American Psychologist , 24 , 1063 - 1075 .
Moment , G. B. , & Kraushaar , O. F. ( Eds. ) . ( 1980 ) .
Utopias : The American experience .
Metuchen , NJ : Scarecrow Press .
Moos , R. , & Brownstein , R. ( 1977 ) .
Environment and utopia : A synthesis .
New York : Plenum Press .
Morawski , J. G. ( 1982 ) .
Assessing psychology 's moral heritage through our neglected utopias .
American Psychologist , 37 , 1082 - 1095 .
Morgan , G. ( Ed. ) . ( 1983 ) .
Beyond method : Strategies for social research .
Beverly Hills : Sage .
Olson , M. ( 1965 ) .
The logic of collective action : Public goods and the theory of groups .
Cambridge , MA : Harvard University Press .
Ophuls , W. ( 1977 ) .
Ecology and the politics of scarcity : Prologue to a political theory of the steady state .
San Francisco : Freeman .
Orbell , J. , & Dawes , R. ( 1981 ) .
Social dilemmas .
In G. M. Stephenson & J. H. Davis ( Eds. ) , Progress in applied social psychology ( Vol. 1 , pp. 37-65 ) .
Chichester , England : Wiley .
Orbell , J. M. , & Rutherford , B. ( 1973 ) .
Can Leviathan make the life of man less solitary , poor , nasty , brutish , and short ?
British Journal of Political Science , 3 , 383-407 .
Orbell , J. M. , & Wilson , L. A. ( 1978 ) .
Institutional solutions to the N - person prisoner 's dilemma .
American Political Science Review , 72 , 411-421 .
Ostrom , E. ( 1977 ) .
Collective action and the tragedy of the commons .
In G. Hardin & J. Baden ( Eds. ) , Managing the commons ( pp. 173-181 ) .
San Francisco : Freeman .
Patton , M. Q. ( 1980 ) .
Qualitative evaluation methods .
Beverly Hills : Sage .
Perlin , T. M. ( Ed. ) . ( 1979 ) .
Contemporary anarchism .
New Brunswick , NJ : Transaction Books .
Reason , P. , & Rowan , J. ( Eds. ) . ( 1981 ) .
Human inquiry : A sourcebook of new paradigm research .
Chichester , England : Wiley .
Rein , M. ( 1976 ) .
Social science and public policy .
New York : Penguin Books .
Ritter , A. ( 1980 ) .
Anarchism : A theoretical analysis .
Cambridge , England : Cambridge University Press .
Roberts , A. ( 1979 ) .
The self - managing environment .
London : Allison & Busby .
Roberts , H. ( Ed. ) . ( 1981 ) .
Doing feminist research .
Boston : Routledge & Kegan Paul .
Rokeach , M. ( 1973 ) .
The nature of human values .
New York : Free Press .
Rokeach , M. ( 1979 ) .
Understanding human values : Individual and societal .
New York : Free Press .
Rosnow , R. L. ( 1981 ) .
Paradigms in transition :
The methodology of social inquiry .
New York : Oxford University Press .
Routley , R. , & Routley , V. ( 1982 ) .
The irrefutability of anarchism .
Social Alternatives , 2( 3 ) , 23 -29 .
Routley , V. , & Routley , R. ( 1980 ) .
Social theories , self management , and environmental problems .
In D. S. Mannison , M. A.McRobbie , & R. Routley ( Eds. ) , Environmental philosophy ( Monograph Series , No. 2 ) ( pp. 217-332 ) .
Canberra : Australian National University , Research School of Social Sciences .
Sampson , E. E. ( 1977 ) .
Psychology and the American ideal .
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , 35 , 767-782 .
Sampson , E. E. ( 1978 ) .
Scientific paradigms and social values : Wanted - - a scientific revolution .
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , 36 , 1332 -1343 .
Sampson , E. E. ( 1981 ) .
Cognitive psychology as ideology .
American Psychologist , 36 , 730-743 .
Sanford , N. ( 1982 ) .
Social psychology :
Its place in personology .
American Psychologist , 37 , 896-903 .
Sarason , S. B. ( 1974 ) .
The psychological sense of community : Prospects for a community psychology .
San Francisco : Jossey - Bass .
Sarason , S. B. ( 1981 ) .
Psychology misdirected .
New York : Free Press .
Sarason , S. B. ( 1982 ) .
Community psychology and the anarchist insight .
In S. B. Sarason , Psychology and social action : Selected papers ( pp. 135-149 ) .
New York : Praeger .
( Reprinted from American Journal of Community Psychology , 1976 , 4 , 243-261 )
Shey , T. H. ( 1977 ) .
Why communes fail : A comparative analysis of the viability of Danish and American communes .
Journal of Marriage and the Family , 39 , 605-613 .
Shippee , G. ( 1981 ) .
Energy policymaking and Edney 's dilemma [ Comment ] .
American Psychologist , 36 , 216-217 .
Skinner , B. F. ( 1962 ) .
Walden Two .
New York : Macmillan .
( Original work published 1948 )
Smith , K. K. , & White , G. L. ( 1983 ) .
Some alternatives to traditional social psychology of groups .
Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin , 9 , 65 - 73 .
Smith , M. B. ( 1972 ) .
Ethical implications of population policies : A psychologist 's view .
American Psychologist , 27 , 11 - 15 .
Staats , A. W. ( 1983 ) .
Psychology 's crisis of disunity : Philosophy and method for a unified science .
New York : Praeger .
Stoehr , T. ( Ed. ) . ( 1979 ) .
Drawing the line :
The political essays of Paul Goodman .
New York : Dutton .
Stokols , D. ( 1978 ) .
Environmental psychology .
Annual Review of Psychology , 29 , 253-295 .
Stone , W. F. ( 1974 ) .
The psychology of politics .
New York : Free Press .
Stroebe , W. , & Frey , B. S. ( 1982 ) .
Self - interest and collective action :
The economics and psychology of public goods .
British Journal of Social Psychology , 21 , 121-137 .
Tax , S. ( 1977 ) .
Anthropology for the world of the future : Thirteen professions and three proposals .
Human Organization , 36 , 225-234 .
Taylor , M. ( 1976 ) .
Anarchy and cooperation .
London : Wiley .
Taylor , M. ( 1982 ) .
Community , anarchy , and liberty .
Cambridge , England : Cambridge University Press .
Wallach , M. A. , & Wallach , L. ( 1983 ) .
Psychology 's sanction for selfishness :
The error of egoism in theory and therapy .
San Francisco : Freeman .
Ward , C. ( 1973 ) .
Anarchy in action .
London : George Allen & Unwin .
Waterman , A. S. ( 1981 ) .
Individualism and interdependence .
American Psychologist , 36 , 762-773 .
Wexler , P. ( 1983 ) .
Critical social psychology .
Boston : Routledge & Kegan Paul .
Williams , R. M. , Jr. ( 1970 ) .
American society : A sociological interpretation ( 3rd ed. ) .
New York : Knopf .
Wolff , R. P. ( 1970 ) .
In defense of anarchism .
New York : Harper & Row .
Wrightsman , L. S. ( 1974 ) .
Assumptions about human nature : A social - psychological approach .
Monterey , CA : Brooks / Cole .
Yankelovich , D. ( 1982 ) .
New rules : Searching for self - fulfillment in a world turned upside down .
New York : Bantam Books .
Young , R. ( 1980 ) .
The environment , human welfare and economic growth .
In D. Mannison , M. A. McRobbie , & R. Routley ( Eds. ) , Environmental philosophy ( Monograph Series , No. 2 ) ( pp. 333-347 ) .
Canberra : Australian National University , Research School of Social Sciences .
Related Material
Articles & Columns
Presentations & Unpublished Papers
Book
Critical Psychology : An Introduction ( Dennis Fox , Isaac Prilleltensky , & Stephanie Austin )
Book Chapter
Organization
The frightening rumor that emerged last week of an “ Alien ” reboot has been confirmed , somewhat , by director Tony Scott .
Talking with Collider at the “ The Taking of Pelham 123 ” junket , Scott confirmed that he and his brother Ridley ’s production company Scott - Free Productions is indeed producing a remake with director Carl Rinsch directing .
However the good news is that the film is n’t a reboot but rather a prequel to Ridley Scott ’s original 1979 horror classic .
Thus the Ripley character or any of the crew of the Nostromo are very unlikely to be involved .
The film could also answer key questions such as the origins of the race , what caused the alien transport ship to crash on LV - 426 and so forth .
Scott finally adds that they hope to be shooting by the end of the year .
It ’s a sad fact , but there are grown men who do n’t know how to tie a tie .
If they have a big interview that afternoon , they ’ll go shopping for a clip - on .
Even if a man does know how to tie a tie , their knowledge is often limited to just one necktie knot .
But there are several ways to tie a tie .
Certain necktie knots should be used with certain shirt collars and tie fabric materials to get the best results for your appearance .
Below , we show you three classic necktie knots every man should know and give you the lowdown on when you should use them .
I ’ve created videos for each tie knot and also one giant video with them all together .
To make it easier for you to follow along with the instructions , I ’ve flipped the images .
So when you ’re watching the video , my right is the same as your right and my left is the same as your left .
These videos are from 2009 .
They ’re still good , so I ’ve kept them .
You get to see me when I was fresh faced and without a mustache .
Looking to tie a bow tie ?
Check out our How to Tie a Bow Tie Guide
How to Tie the Four - In - Hand Tie Knot
Also known as the “ schoolboy , ” this is probably the most widely used tie knot because it ’s so easy to tie .
It ’s a good tie knot to use if your tie is made of heavier material .
It looks best with smaller spread collars .
1 . Drape the tie around your neck .
The wide end should extend about 12 inches below the narrow end of the tie .
Cross the wide part of the tie over the narrow end .
2 . Turn the wide end back underneath the narrow end .
3 . Continue wrapping the wide end around the narrow end by bringing it across the front of the narrow end again .
4 . Pull the wide end up and through the back of the loop .
5 . Hold the front of the tie knot with your index finger and bring the wide end down through the front knot .
6 . Tighten the knot carefully to the gills by holding the narrow end N and sliding the knot up .
Center the knot .
Check out the illustrated guide as well :
How to Tie the Half - Windsor Tie Knot
This is the Windsor Tie knot ’s little brother .
Like the Windsor , you ’re left with a symmetrical triangle tie knot , but the Half Windsor is not as large .
This tie knot is appropriate for lighter fabrics and wider ties .
It ’s best worn with a standard collar .
1 . Drape the tie around your neck .
The wide end should extend about 12 inches below the narrow end of the tie .
Cross the wide part of the tie over the narrow end .
2 . Bring the wide end around and behind the narrow end .
3 . Bring the wide end up and pull it down through the hole between your collar and tie .
4 . Bring the wide end around the front , over the narrow end from right to left .
5 . Bring the wide end up back through the loop again .
6 . Pull the wide end down through the knot in front .
7 . Tighten the necktie knot and center it with both hands .
Check out the illustrated guide as well :
How to Tie the Full Windsor Tie Knot The Windsor necktie knot gives you a wide triangular tie knot that ’s good for more formal settings .
This tie knot is best worn with a wide spread collar .
1 . Drape the tie around your neck .
The wide end should extend about 12 inches below the narrow end of the tie .
Cross the wide part of the tie over the narrow end .
2 . Bring the wide end of the tie up through the hole between your collar and the tie .
Then pull it down toward the front .
3 . Bring the wide end behind the narrow end and to the right .
4 . Pull the wide end back through the loop again .
You should have a triangle now where the necktie knot will be .
5 . Wrap the wide end around the triangle by pulling the wide end from right to left .
6 . Bring the wide end up through the loop a third time .
7 . Pull the wide end through the knot in front .
8 . Tighten the knot and center it with both hands .
How to Tie The Shelby Tie Knot
The Shelby knot is a more obscure knot and was popularized by anchorman Don Shelby in the 1970's .
It works best with wider ties that are made from heavier material .
1. Start with the tie draped inside out around your neck , wide end on the right .
2 . Bring the wide end under the narrow end .
3 . Bring the wide end up and pull it down through the loop between your neck and your tie .
After you pull the wide end all the way through , bring it to the left .
4 . Bring the wide end over the knot to the right .
5 . Pull the wide end up through the loop between your neck and your tie .
6 . Thread the wide end through the knot and pull tight .
Center as needed .
How to Tie the Simple ( Oriental ) Necktie Knot 1 .
Drape the tie inside out over your neck , with the wide end longer and on your left .
2 . Wide end goes to the right under the small end .
3 . Bring it back to the left over the small end .
4 . Bring the wide end up through the neck loop .
5 . Carry the wide end back down through the knot you just made in the front .
6 . Tighten and slide the knot up to adjust .
Tower Blueprints
Surviving Evidence of the World Trade Center Attack
The blueprints to the Twin Towers and Building 7 remained off - limits to the public for more than five years after the attack , despite the fact that the buildings were built with public money and that the engineering drawings of public buildings are supposed to be public information .
1
Incredibly , the team of engineers from the ASCE that conducted the only investigation of the building " collapses " before Ground Zero had been cleaned up lacked access to the buildings ' blueprints -- at least until they signed waivers that they would not use the evidence in a lawsuit against the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey .
2
LINK
Whistleblower Releases Blueprints
In March of 2007 , an extensive set of detailed architectural drawings of the World Trade Center became public through the actions of a whistleblower .
The 261 drawings included detailed plans for the North Tower ( WTC 1 ) , the World Trade Center foundation and basement , and the TV mast atop the North Tower .
The set of drawings does not include plans for the other six buildings in the World Trade Center complex .
However , since the Twin Towers were of almost identical construction , it is safe to assume that the structural details that the drawings shown for the North Tower are largely applicable to the South Tower .
The drawings contain a wealth of detail about the buildings , including the dimensions of structural members such as the core columns .
Most of the drawings can be viewed in this multiresolution browser .
This 66th floor core plan included in the detailed architectural drawings shows that most of the core columns retained their full outside dimensions well above the midpoints of the Towers .
Of the sixteen columns bounding the long faces of the core , thirteen have outside dimensions of approximately 54 by 22 inches in this 66th floor section .
In late 2008 a second set of blueprints became public .
This set , which can be viewed by this multiresolution browser , details the electrical architecture of the Twin Towers .
LINK
Official Reports Misrepresented the Towers ' Construction
Portion of photograph in the collection of the Skyscraper Museum
The detailed architectural drawings make clear what official reports have apparently attempted to hide : that the Twin Towers had massive core columns , and those columns ran most of the height of each Tower before transitioning to columns with smaller cross-sections .
Based on construction photographs exhibited in the Skyscraper Museum and illustrations from the Engineering News Record , 9 - 11 Research had established by mid-2005 that , low in the Towers , the sixteen core columns that bounded the long faces of the buildings ' cores had dimensions of 54 by 22 inches .
The detailed drawings show that these columns maintained these dimensions through about the 66th floor .
Both of the government - sponsored engineering studies of the Twin Towers ' " collapses " -- FEMA's and NIST's -- are highly misleading about the core structures .
Neither FEMA 's Study nor NIST 's Report discloses dimensions for core columns -- dimensions that are clearly evident in the architectural drawings .
Both Reports use a variety of techniques seemingly designed to minimize the strength of the cores or to conceal their structural role entirely .
So effective was FEMA at concealing the nature of the cores that the 9/11 Commission Report , citing the FEMA Report , denied the very existence of the core columns .
FEMA 's Building Performance Study
Figure 2 - 2 of of FEMA 's Building Performance Study , labeled " Representative structural framing plan , upper floors " , is one of five illustrations in the report that depict core columns .
Each of these illustrations depicts the core columns at their minimum dimensions , and none depict them at their typical dimensions .
In May of 2005 , the Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) released its Building Performance Study , of which Chapter 2 , " WTC 1 and WTC 2 " , was devoted to explaining the " collapse " of the Twin Towers .
It advances the " truss theory " or " pancake theory " , in which the supposed failure of floor - truss - to - column connections is the initiating event in a series of chain reactions ending in total collapse .
Added commentary in our archived copy exposes many deceptive techniques employed in the article .
3
Key elements of FEMA 's theory depend on misrepresentations of the Towers ' construction made possible by their vague descriptions .
For example , to explain other collapse of the core their Study states :
As the floors collapsed , this left tall freestanding portions of the exterior wall and possibly central core columns .
As the unsupported height of these freestanding exterior wall elements increased , they buckled at the bolted column splice connections , and also collapsed .
Contrary to the FEMA 's hedged assertion that the core columns were freestanding , construction photographs clearly show that large horizontal beams cross-connected the core columns in a three - dimensional matrix of steel .
FEMA 's report seems crafted to hide the structural significance of the core columns , if not their very existence .
Examples of features of the Report that minimize or conceal the core structures include :
Figure D - 13 from FEMA 's Study , bearing the caption " WTC 1 or WTC 2 core column ( C - 74 ) " , is the only photograph in the Study that shows an identified core column
The absence of any illustrations showing core columns of typical dimensions
The repeated use of the term " service core " to describe the cores , and avoidance of terminology describing their structural role
The use of illustrations that imply the cores did n't exist , such as Figure 2 - 20
The only photograph of a core column in the Report ( Figure D - 13 ) being of an atypical column of very small dimensions
The inclusion of only floor plans that show core columns of very small dimensions with no clarification that the core columns that ran most of the Towers ' heights were of much larger dimensions
NIST 's Final Report on the Twin Towers
In 2005 NIST published its ' Final Report of the National Construction Safety Team on the Collapses of the World Trade Center Towers ' -- a 280 - page report that was extremely vague in a number of respects , including any description of the structural systems of the Towers .
It contains very little information about the core columns , the following being one of the only passages describing them :
Figure 3 - 3 From NIST 's Final Report drastically misrepresents the dimensions of the core columns on the 78th through the 83rd floors .
The 47 columns in this rectangular space were fabricated using primarily 36 ksi and 42 ksi steels and also decreased in size in the higher stories .
The four massive corner columns bore nearly one - fifth of the total gravity load on the core columns .
The passage implies that only the corner columns were " massive " when , in fact , the sixteen columns on the long faces of the cores shared the same dimensions for most of each Tower 's height .
Illustrations in the Report depict the core columns at the North and South Tower crash zones as being the same size , when in fact the core columns were much broader around the 80th floor than around the 95th .
NIST 's failure to highlight this difference is especially interesting in light of its estimates of core column damage in the Towers .
Those esimates show 10 of the South Tower 's core columns severed , compared to only 6 of the North Tower's .
How could the South Tower 's core have had more damage when its impact - level columns were twice as large as the North Tower 's and it sustained only a glancing rather than a head - on impact ?
Was NIST struggling to explain how the South Tower succumbed to " global collapse " almost twice as quickly as the North Tower despite having much smaller fires ?
LINK
World Trade Center Master Plan
This illustration from ' Multi - Storey Buildings in Steel ' shows a structural system that matches the drawings in the MASTER PLAN .
Multi-Storey Buildings in Steel
Prior to the release of the detailed architectural drawings , 9 - 11 Research published the MASTER PLAN , dated December 16 , 1963 .
The MASTER PLAN does not show structural details such as column dimensions , and shows an arrangement of core columns that was later changed .
The obsolete core column arrangement indicated in the MASTER PLAN has been reproduced in other publications such as the book ' Multi - Storey Buildings in Steel ' .
4
References
Although Gov. Brad
Henry vetoed similar legislation 10 days earlier , House members Monday again approved a resolution claiming Oklahoma ’s sovereignty .
Unlike House Joint Resolution 1003 , House Concurrent Resolution 1028 does not need the governor ’s approval .
The House passed the measure 73 - 22 .
It now goes to the Senate .
" We ’re going to get it done one way or the other , ” said the resolutions ’ author , Rep. Charles Key , R- Oklahoma City .
" I think our governor is out of step . ”
House Democrats objected , saying the issue already had been taken up and had been vetoed , but House Speaker Pro Tempore Kris Steele , R - Shawnee , ruled the veto is not final action .
Key said he expects HCR 1028 will pass in the Senate .
HJR 1003 earlier passed the House 83 - 18 and won approval in the Senate 29 - 18 .
Henry vetoed HJR 1003 because he said it suggested , among other things , that Oklahoma should return federal tax dollars .
Key said HCR 1028 , which , if passed , would be sent to Democratic President Barack Obama and the Democratic - controlled Congress , would not jeopardize federal funds but would tell Congress to " get back into their proper constitutional role . ”
The resolution states the federal government should " cease and desist ” mandates that are beyond the scope of its powers .
Key said many federal laws violate the 10th Amendment , which says powers not delegated to the U.S. government " are reserved to the states respectively , or to the people . ”
The Constitution lists about 20 duties required of the U.S. government , he said .
Congress should not be providing bailouts to financial institutions and automakers , he said .
" We give all this money to all these different entities , including automakers , and now they ’re talking about , ‘ Well maybe it ’s better to let them go bankrupt , ’ ” Key said .
" Well , maybe we should have let them go bankrupt before we gave them the money . ”
Toymaker Joe Sharp is worried his small business wo n't be able to untangle complicated new CPSIA rules and afford the compliance costs .
A T - Rex teething ring from the Sharps ' line of handcrafted toys .
Quick Vote
Are you cutting back on spending due to rising energy prices ?
Yes
No or View results
WASHINGTON ( CNNMoney.com ) --
For toymakers , the world changes on Aug. 14 .
That 's the day a new regulation takes effect that small manufacturers say could force them out of business .
" I hear gut - wrenching stories every day , like the soldier 's wife who does n't think she can continue her homemade doll business or the Native American women who are worried that they 'd run afoul of the law if they continue to make handcrafted authentic clothing for Native American children , " says Rosario Palmieri , vice president of regulatory policy for the National Association of Manufacturers .
Last year , in the wake of several high - profile toy recalls , Congress passed the Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act ( CPSIA ) .
Intended to ensure that children 's products are free of lead and toxic chemicals , the law has been taking effect in phases -- and each new rule that kicks in brings with it a raft of unintended consequences .
Amy Sharp is exactly the kind of parent the law is intended to reassure .
Two years ago , she made multiple treks to the post office to return 10 lead - tainted Thomas the Tank Engine toys to their manufacturer -- toys her young son had repeatedly put in his mouth .
The experience prompted Amy and her husband Joe , a trained carpenter , to launch a line of natural wooden toys for babies .
Their venture , Little Alouette in Columbus , Ohio , has built a loyal fan base and helps keep the Sharps afloat financially .
But now the Sharps are worried that their popular Harper the Hippo teether will go the way of the dodo .
" We do n't think the entire law is a bad law , but we are a small and new business , " Amy Sharp says .
" When it comes down to these testing and labeling expenses , we do n't think we 'll be able to thrive .
I started this company to provide a safe alternative to mass junk out there , and here I am having to prove myself .
It 's definitely a monetary issue . "
New rules
The Sharps are just two months away from a deadline Amy says could force their two - person shop to shutter .
In mid-August , a new provision takes effect that requires children 's products to carry a permanent label or mark with manufacturing details .
The label is intended to ease recalls , but many toymakers are frustrated by the new requirement 's rigidity and complexity .
The Sharps do n't fully understand the convoluted regulation and are n't sure they 'll be able to absorb the costs of compliance .
Too many questions about implementation remain unaddressed by the law 's overseer , the Consumer Product Safety Commission , critics say .
" What if it 's a product that uses a lot of pieces and you decorate it yourself ? " asks Palmieri of National Association of Manufacturers .
" What if it 's a screen printed t- shirt where someone makes the t- shirt but then someone else decorates it and then someone else sells it -- who 's responsible for the labeling ? "
" There 's some critical questions that CPSC needs to answer on tracking labels , " said Jonathan Gold , a vice president with the National Retail Federation .
" The concern is that if a business goes off and does take some action , it might end up being wrong , and ultimately [ incur ] a penalty . "
For toy manufacturers and sellers , this latest skirmish feels like d�j� vu .
Earlier this year , the industry and the Consumer Product Safety Commission had a showdown about the CPSIA 's stringent new lead testing and certification rules , which were slated to take effect in February .
The backlash against the requirement was so strong that the CPSC backed off and delayed enforcement of its rule 's most controversial aspects for another year , postponing them until February 2010 .
Industry groups hoped for a similar stay on the labeling requirement , but the CPSC last month turned down a delay request made by a coalition of retailers and manufacturers .
For now , Aug. 14 remains D-day .
Changing of the guard
That could change as the commission prepares for new leadership .
Commissioner Nancy Nord stepped down as chairman June 1 after a four - year run as the organization 's leader .
She plans to continue as a CPSC commissioner until her term expires in 2012 .
Commissioner Thomas Moore is the group 's acting head until the Senate confirms Inez Moore Tenenbaum , a former South Carolina superintendent of education picked last month by President Obama to lead the troubled agency .
While still the agency 's chair , Nord told lawmakers that implementing the CPSIA law has been a " tremendous challenge " to the commission 's 450 - person staff because of the aggressive timetable .
Congress 's own analysts sounded an earlier warning :
In a 2007 report , the Congressional Budget Office cautioned that implementing such sweeping legislation would impose significant new costs on manufacturers of children 's products and on mom-and - pop shops .
But more help is on the way .
The Obama administration requested that the agency receive $ 107 million in fiscal 2010 , a big bump up from the $ 80 million it got in 2008 and a 71 % increase from its fiscal 2007 levels .
The legislators who wrote CPSIA , which was signed into law by then - President George W. Bush , had requested a funding level of $ 118 million for fiscal 2010 .
Obama also announced his intention to expand the number of CPSC commissioners to five from three .
Right now , one of those three spots is vacant , leaving critical judgments to be made by the slenderest margins -- the decision not to postpone the labeling requirement was a 1 - 1 vote , with the tie leading to the measure 's defeat .
In addition to Tenenbaum , Obama has nominated Robert Adler , currently a professor of legal studies at the University of North Carolina , to become a commissioner .
Barring more time , manufacturers are hoping for clearer rules to follow .
A House Small Business Committee panel held a hearing last month at which a parade of witnesses criticized the CPSC 's opaque communications .
" As entrepreneurs struggle in the current economic climate , the vagueness of important CPSC guidelines have left businesses in limbo , " said Jason Altmire , D - Pa. , chairman of the committee 's investigations and oversight group .
Atlanta - based Tiffin Mills is among those who feels at sea .
Mills sells lighting fixtures made out of vintage lamp parts though her online shop , LinwoodAvenue.com , and through Etsy , an online craft marketplace that has been a nexus of anti-CPSIA backlash .
Mills has tried to understand the new rules but been frustrated by the " high - end legalese " of their wording .
" Everyone is getting their information from other crafters ' interpretations , " she said .
" There 's not much information from experts out there . "
As the CPSC scrambles to pull together that information , small business proponents are looking for leadership in bringing the letter of the law more in line with its spirit .
" A lot of small businesses are asking Congress to refine the law , " said Linwood Rayford , an assistant chief counsel at the SBA Office of Advocacy .
" Nobody is saying this is a bad law , they 're just saying it 's overly comprehensive and too many people are caught in the net . "
To write a note to the editor about this article , click here
The Dáil is to debate the financial crisis in the wake of two reports that predicted a huge contraction in the economy and surging unemployment next year .
In a statement released this lunchtime , Government Chief Whip Pat Carey said he would meet Opposition party whips to arrange the debate on the IMF and OECD reports .
He said it was hoped the debate could take place on Friday , July 3rd .
“ This will give members on all sides of the Dáil time to read the reports and then make informed contributions , ” Mr Carey said .
According to a bleak assessment by the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) published yesterday , Ireland ’s banks face losses of €35 billion to the end of 2010 , the economy will shrink by 13.5 per cent from 2008 to 2010 and unemployment will climb to 15.5 per cent next year .
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) said yesterday the economy will shrink by 9.8 per cent this year .
The Paris - based think - tank has said that unemployment will reach 14.8 per cent in 2010 , and that the country ’s gross domestic product ( GDP ) will contract by 14 per cent over the three years to 2010 .
Mr Carey said the IMF report “ broadly endorses the Governments actions to deal with the current economic challenges .
He added : “ It is ironic that many of the measures now commended are the same measures which the Opposition have opposed blindly .
“ On a procedural level within the Dáil , it is worth noting that the Opposition had their Private Members time available to discuss these reports .
Despite this , the Opposition pursued a time wasting parliamentary tactic delaying discussion on essential pieces of legislation .
“ The Government welcomes this debate , and are more than happy for it to take place , during Government time . ”
Minister for Finance Brian Lenihan said earlier he shared the IMF's “ broad assessment ” that the Irish economy had overheated and this was contributing to the difficulties facing the country ’s finances .
“ We did overheat the economy , I have always accepted that and I made that clear in my last Budget speech , ” Mr Lenihan said , adding he had “ always acknowledged that to the extent that governments contributed to this , they must take responsibility for it . ”
Mr Lenihan said the report from the global financial watchdog was supportive of the recent measures taken by the Government to try and address the Exchequer deficit and the banking crisis .
The IMF report says that during the housing boom “ Ireland was perhaps the most overheated of all advanced economies and suggested that Government fiscal policy “ needed to be substantially more aggressive than it was ” .
“ I was n’t a member of that Government , but that is not the fact I supported it .
I sat in Dail Eireann during those years and I did n’t see anyone making those points at that stage , he told RTE ’s Morning Ireland programme .
Mr Lenihan said all the decisions being taken by the Government with regard the banking crisis , the National Asset Management Agency ( Nama ) and the budgets “ were the right decisions ” .
The Minister claimed that the IMF was “ totally supportive ” of what the Government was doing and said this was in contrast to public commentary on its budgetary decisions and Nama , including “ nonsensical interrogations in Dail Eireann from the Opposition parties who have n’t put forward a single positive idea ” .
In relation to next year ’s Budget Mr Lenihan said the Government had indicated to the European Commission that it would seek an adjustment of € 4 million with a minimum of € 2.25 billion coming from spending cuts and € 1.75 billion coming from higher taxes .
“ I have indicated many times since the Budget that I believe we have reached the limits as far as income tax is concerned ” .
He said a property tax would have to be paid out of income and “ I do n’t believe that a property tax can be introduced that would have any substantial yield next year ” .
“ There are n’t any easy tax solutions so the bulk of the problem must be addressed through expenditure reductions ” .
In its report the IMF said pricing of the toxic bank assets to be moved to the State ’s “ bad bank ” Nama might be easier if the banks were temporarily nationalised .
“ An advantage would be that prices at which these assets are transferred would become less of an issue , ” said the IMF , adding that such a move could also be used as a step towards mergers and the restructuring of the banking sector .
However , IMF report notes that the Irish Government “ disagreed with the staff ’s view that pricing of bad assets would be any easier under nationalization . ”
Mr Lenihan what said the IMF report said was that nationalisation may be “ complementary ” to Nama and said he does not want to engage in “ wholesale nationalization ” of the banks .
“ What I said in the [ April ] budget was that if the crystallisation of the loses at any particular bank mean that further investment had to take place in the banks it would take the form of ordinary equity ” .
He said the IMF was not advocating a wholesale nationalisation of the Irish banks and pointed to the recent report from Anglo Irish Banks and the outflow of deposits that followed the Government ’s takeover of the bank as an example of the dangers of wholesale nationalisation .
Mr Lenihan said the reason the Government had guaranteed the six Irish banks was to assure international investors that “ their investments were safe and to assure domestic depositors that their deposits were safe ” .
“ As long as they [ the banks ] have these extensive defective loans on their balance sheets they will have a shortage of working capital to advance to small business ” .
He said the Government was proceeding as quickly as possible with the establishment of Nama .
“ The proposed National Asset Management Agency ( Nama ) is potentially the right mechanism to separate the good from the bad assets .
Its success requires a comprehensive and realistic assessment of impaired assets , ” the report says .
According to Mr Lenihan the issue of rising unemployment would be best dealt with by improving the State ’s competiveness .
“ To secure employment in this country we have to put the economy back on a sustainable path , ” Mr Lenihan said .
The IMF issued a bleak assessment of the Irish economy last night saying that it will contract by 13.5 per cent between 2008 to 2010 while unemployment will rise to 15.5 per cent next year .
The latest drone strike in Pakistan is apparently the deadliest yet : Reports describe between 45 and 70 dead and many injured .
The details are far from clear , but we can at least answer some questions : is it really possible for a drone attack to be so lethal ?
Is new , more lethal weaponry being deployed ?
One thing to bear in mind is that not all so - called " drone strikes " may be carried out by U.S. drones .
On previous occasions , there have been strong suggestions that the strikes were actually carried out by Pakistani F - 16 jets .
It may be much more politically convenient for the Pakistani government to point the finger at the U.S. when it comes to killing its own people .
In this instance , however , Al - Jazeera does have an eyewitness :
" I saw three drones , they dropped bombs , " Sohail Mehsud , a resident of Makeen , said .
Whether the average Pakistani villager can tell manned from unmanned aircraft is another matter .
But it may also be significant that in this case bombs , rather than missiles , are being reported .
In the early days of drone wars the only strike aircraft was the MQ - 1 Predator , armed with one or two hundred - pound Hellfire missiles .
The AGM - 114 Hellfirewas originally designed as an anti-tank missile for attack helicopters ( the name is supposedly a contraction of " Helicopter - Launched Fire and Forget " ) and carried a shaped charge for punching through armor .
Later a version was developed for the Navy that replaced the shaped charge with a blast / fragmentation warhead , and most recently we have seen the AGM - 114N thermobaric versionwith enhanced blast which flows more efficiently than standard explosives " capable of reaching around corners , striking enemy forces that hide in caves or bunkers and hardened multi-room complexes . "
The Hellfire warhead weighs around twenty pounds ; the anti-tank version will damage very little except the vehicle it hits , and the thermobaric version is extremely effective inside buildings but blast is has a relatively short range outdoors .
The Air Force budget suggests that only a handful of the blast / frag versionare being bought .
However , the Predator has now been joined by the much larger MQ - 9 Reaper , which can carry a heavier payload , around three thousand pounds , including a large number of Hellfires and GBU - 12 Paveway IIand GBD - 38 JDAMbombs .
These are different types of 500 - pound bomb , one with laser guidance and the other satellite guided .
Both are based on the 1950 's - vintage Mk 82 bomb ; less than half the weight of the bomb bomb is explosive , and the rest is the steel casing .
The reason for having such a thick casing is shrapnel : when the bomb detonates , the casing blows up like a balloon before bursting and spraying high - velocity steel fragments in all directions .
It is these fragments , rather than blast , that do most of the damage .
Marc Herold , in looking at casualties in Afghanistan , quotes an ' effective casualty radius ' for the Mk82 of 200 feet : this is radius inside which 50 % of those exposed will die .
Quite often the target is taking cover or lying down and the effect is reduced , but if you can catch people standing up or running then the full effective casualty radius will apply .
This brings us to the photograph above , which was originally supplied to NBC journalist Kerry Sandersby a U.S. military source in 2006 .
It was taken from a Predator and shows a group of almost 200 Taliban insurgents in Afghanistan ; U.S. officers wanted to attack the group , but were prevented because the rules of engagement did not allow attacks on cemeteries .
A military statement noted that coalition forces " hold themselves to a higher moral and ethical standard than their enemies . "
The situation in Pakistan was similar and may have offered a similarly dense concentration of targets : a funeral , attended by a large number of Taliban .
However , there are differences in the accounts of when the attack took place , and although Al - Jazeera says it was " at the funeral of a suspected Taliban commander , " a Pakistani intelligence source quoted in the UK's Guardian newspapersays that it happened " as people were dispersing " after the funeral .
In any case , the high body could have potential to be an embarrassment rather than a triumph .
The apparent target of the attack , Taliban commander Baitullah Mehsud , seems to have escaped unscathed , and some of the dead may have been villagers attending the funeral rather than Taliban .
In the long run , one well - placed bullet from a drone may be more effective than a five - hundred pound bomb .
See Also :
Scientists have found that , when twins are orbiting a massive object , time dilation can cause the accelerated twin to be older if that twin is moving slower than the other twin ; in this case , velocity is the deciding factor of age , and the twin with the greater velocity is younger .
© 2005 Cetin Bal .
Just when you thought you were beginning to understand the twin paradox ( maybe ) , scientists have found something new to ponder .
In the original version of the famous thought experiment on time dilation , one twin stays on Earth while the other twin takes a rocket at nearly light speed into space , and returns to find that he is younger than his twin on Earth .
But a new version of the story now shows that the twin who experiences an acceleration can be older than the twin who does n’t accelerate , under slightly different conditions .
Physicist Marek Abramowicz of Goteborg University in Sweden and astronomer Stanislaw Bajtlik of the Nicolaus Copernicus Astronomical Center in Warszawa , Poland , have proposed the surprising new version of the twin paradox , which at first seems to run contrary to the traditional version .
However , the scientists show that the traditional version is actually a specific case of a more general concept .
“ In the best known version of the twin paradox , the twin who is accelerated is younger , ” Abramowicz and Bajtlik told PhysOrg.com .
“ In the version discussed by us the accelerated twin is older .
It is quite surprising .
It is almost as to say that ‘ the older twin is younger . ’ ”
In 1905 , Einstein described the ideas behind the twin paradox to demonstrate the effects of time dilation according to special relativity .
In 1911 , physicist Paul Langevin turned the concept into a concrete story involving two hypothetical twins .
Ever since then , scientists have offered various explanations for exactly why this aging paradox occurs , and whether it is even a true paradox at all .
As Abramowicz and Bajtlik note in their study , it is often claimed that the twin paradox can be explained by the acceleration of the traveling twin that occurs when he turns around to go back to Earth .
Abramowicz and Bajtlik show , however , that it is not the acceleration that causes the age difference in most cases .
By presenting a scenario in which the accelerated twin is older at the reunion , the scientists show that the final time difference between the twins often depends only on their velocities as measured with respect to an absolute standard of rest , and not on acceleration .
In the new scenario , both twins are in circular orbit at different velocities around a large body , with the velocities measured by observers rotating with zero angular momentum with respect to the sky .
Abramowicz and Bajtlik considered what happens when twin A stops moving , and so has a velocity of zero , and therefore a non-zero acceleration .
Twin B continues to orbit at a set velocity corresponding to Keplerian free orbit and therefore has zero acceleration .
Twin A is the accelerated twin , and twin B is not accelerated .
As the scientists calculate , contrary to the classical version of the paradox , twin B is younger .
The scientists then considered a situation where the large body that the twins orbit decreases in mass , while the twins ’ orbiting radius stays the same .
Under these circumstances , twin B ’s orbiting velocity no longer follows Kepler ’s laws , and so he experiences an acceleration like twin A .
However , the ratio of the twins ’ proper times still depends only on their velocities , not on their acceleration .
Since the twins ’ velocities stay the same , with twin B orbiting at a larger velocity than twin A ( who is not moving at all ) , twin B is still younger .
“ According to Einstein 's relativity theory , the time measured by moving clocks runs more slowly , ” Abramowicz and Bajtlik explained .
“ If two twins move relative to each other , for each of them the time measured by the other one runs more slowly .
There is nothing contradictory or paradoxical about that .
Note that , quite similarly , two twins who look at each other from a distance both have the impression that the brother looks smaller .
For the twin paradox to occur , they should be brought to the same place .
At the reunion the twins will find that they do not differ in size , but they may differ in age .
What breaks the symmetry here ?
The standard answer is the acceleration .
However , in many situations in which the absolute motion may be defined , the moving twin is younger , regardless of acceleration . ”
In the examples so far , the faster twin is younger , regardless of any acceleration .
However , if the mass of the large body decreased to zero , the situation becomes the original twin paradox : twin A is not accelerated , and twin B is accelerated .
In this special case , twin B is still younger - but not because he is moving faster .
As the scientists explain , when the mass of the large body is zero , the explanation for the paradox changes : time dilation here is due to twin B ’s acceleration , not his velocity .
“ The mass causes a non -zero curvature of the spacetime , and curvature gives the spacetime a structure that defines the absolute standard of rest , ” the scientists explained .
“ In Minkowski spacetime there are no such structures , and there is no way to tell who of the twins in moving faster in an absolute way . ”
This version of the twin paradox is not the first to suggest that the paradox can be explained by a difference in velocity between the twins .
As in the current version , previous versions also show that the twin who moves or orbits faster is younger .
As the scientists emphasize , this explanation holds true for all situations in which the absolute motion of the twins can be defined in terms of some global properties of spacetime .
Possibly , the scientists suggest , the explanation might even be extended to the traditional version of the twin paradox by referring to the sky , although this would require further investigation .
More information : Marek A. Abramowicz and Stanislaw Bajtlik .
“ Adding to the paradox : the accelerated twin is older . ” arXiv:0905.2428v1 .
Copyright 2009 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
Explore further LSU professor resolves Einstein 's twin paradox
The injured kangaroo will be monitored for the next three weeks
An Australian kangaroo shot through the head with an arrow is expected to make a full recovery , wildlife officers say .
The injured kangaroo was found on Thursday in parklands near Melbourne 's outer suburb , where it is believed to have survived for up to a week .
Melbourne Zoo vet Michael Lynch says he will monitor the kangaroo for the next three weeks but remains optimistic .
Wildlife Victoria has posted a Aus$ 10,000 ( US $ 7,600 , £ 5,000 ) reward to find the person responsible .
Wildlife Victoria spokeswoman Fiona Corke , said the kangaroo was rescued just days after another kangaroo was found with an arrow in its rump in the same area .
" It 's just unbelievable , I can't believe that anyone would do something so cruel , " she said .
The incident comes at a time when the Australian army is culling 6,000 kangaroos near the capital , Canberra - a move which has outraged conservationists .
The killings are intended to protect endangered plants and insects that share the grassy habitat with the kangaroos .
This is a moment when the useful arts have an especially compelling economic rationale .
The imperative of the last 20 years to round up every warm body and send it to college , then to the cubicle , is tied to a vision of the future in which we somehow take leave of material reality and glide about in a pure information economy .
But this has not come to pass .
To begin with , such work often feels more enervating than gliding .
More fundamentally , now as ever , somebody has to actually do things : fix our cars , unclog our toilets , build our houses .
As the Princeton economist Alan Blinder has argued , the crucial distinction in the emerging labor market is not between those with more or less education , but between those whose services can be delivered over a wire and those who must do their work in person or on - site .
The latter will find their livelihoods more secure against outsourcing to distant countries .
As Blinder puts it , “ You ca n’t hammer a nail over the Internet . ”
The trades suffer from low prestige .
But I believe this is based on a simple mistake .
Because the work is dirty , many people assume it is also stupid .
This is not my experience .
I have a small motorcycle - repair business in Richmond , Va. , that I started after finishing a Ph.D. in political philosophy several years ago at the University of Chicago .
I have found the satisfactions of the work to be very much bound up with the intellectual challenges it presents .
I turned full time to repair work several years ago after briefly serving as executive director of a policy organization in Washington .
Landing the think tank position felt like a coup at the time .
But certain perversities became apparent as I settled into the job .
The organization had taken certain positions , and there were some facts it was more fond of than others .
As its figurehead , I was making arguments I did n’t fully buy myself .
Further , my boss seemed intent on retraining me according to a certain cognitive style — that of the corporate world , from which he had recently come .
This style demanded that I project an image of rationality but not indulge too much in actual reasoning .
To me , there seems to be more real thinking going on in the bike shop than there was in the think tank .
In fixing motorcycles you come up with several imagined trains of cause and effect for manifest symptoms , and you judge their likelihood before tearing anything down .
This imagining relies on a mental library that you develop .
As in any learned profession , you just have to know a lot .
An internal combustion engine can work in any number of ways , and different manufacturers have tried different approaches .
Each has its own proclivities for failure .
You also develop a library of sounds and smells and feels .
For example , the backfire of a too - lean fuel mixture is subtly different from an ignition backfire .
There is always a risk , when repairing a motorcycle , of introducing new complications .
This too enters the diagnostic logic .
Imagine you ’re trying to figure out why a bike wo n’t start .
The fasteners holding the engine covers on 1970s - era Hondas are Phillips head , and they are almost always rounded out and corroded .
Do you really want to check the condition of the starter clutch if each of eight screws will need to be drilled out and extracted , risking damage to the engine case ?
The factory service manuals will tell you to be systematic to eliminate variables .
But they present an idealized image of diagnostic work ; they never take into account the risks of working with old machines .
So you put the manual away and consider the facts before you .
You do this because ultimately you are responsible to the motorcycle and its owner , not to some procedure .
Some diagnostic situations contain so many variables that there comes a point where you have to step back and get a larger gestalt — have a cigarette and walk around the lift .
At that moment , the gap between theory and practice stretches out in front of you .
What you need now is the kind of judgment that arises only from experience ; hunches rather than rules .
The habits of mind you develop in a motorcycle shop have a particular ethical dimension as well .
Good diagnosis requires attentiveness to the machine , almost a conversation with it , rather than assertiveness , as in the position papers produced on K Street .
The slap of worn - out pistons hitting their cylinders can sound a lot like loose valve tappets , so to be a good mechanic you have to be constantly open to the possibility that you may be mistaken .
This is a virtue that is at once cognitive and moral .
It seems to develop because the mechanic , if he is the sort who goes on to become good at it , internalizes the healthy functioning of the motorcycle as an object of passionate concern .
Such concern is reinforced by the social aspects of my job .
As is the case with many independent mechanics , my business is based entirely on word of mouth .
Also , I sometimes barter services with machinists and metal fabricators .
This has a very different feel than transactions with money ; it situates me in a community .
The result is that I really do n’t want to mess up anybody ’s motorcycle or charge more than a fair price .
A mechanic also must contend with the possibility of vivid failure .
I once accidentally dropped a feeler gauge down into the crankcase of a Kawasaki Ninja that was practically brand - new , while performing its first scheduled valve adjustment .
I escaped a complete tear - down of the motor only through an operation that involved the use of a stethoscope , another pair of trusted hands , and the sort of concentration we associate with a bomb squad .
When finally I laid my fingers on that feeler gauge , I felt as if I had cheated death .
I do n’t remember ever feeling so alive as in the hours that followed .
Often as not , however , such crises do not end in redemption .
Moments of elation are counterbalanced with real failures .
One reason that the manual trades elicit heedful absorption in work is the tradesman ’s keen awareness of catastrophe as an always - present possibility .
Contrast all of the above with the experience of being a middle manager .
This is a stock figure of ridicule , but the sociologist Robert Jackall spent years inhabiting the world of corporate managers , conducting interviews ; he poignantly describes the “ moral maze ” they feel trapped in .
Like the mechanic , the manager faces the possibility of disaster at any time .
But in his case these disasters feel arbitrary ; they are typically a result of corporate restructurings , not of physics .
A manager has to make many decisions for which he is accountable .
Unlike an entrepreneur with his own business , however , his decisions can be reversed at any time by someone higher up the food chain ( and there is always someone higher up the food chain ) .
It ’s important for your career that these reversals not look like defeats , and more generally you have to spend a lot of time managing what others think of you .
Survival depends on a crucial insight :
You ca n’t back down from an argument that you initially made in straightforward language , with moral conviction , without seeming to lose your integrity .
So managers learn the art of provisional thinking and feeling , expressed in corporate doublespeak , and cultivate a lack of commitment to their own actions .
Nothing is set in concrete the way it is when you are , for example , pouring concrete .
Now , it is probably true that every job entails some kind of mutilation .
I used to work as an electrician and had my own business doing it for a while .
As an electrician you breathe a lot of unknown dust in crawl spaces , your knees get bruised , your neck gets strained from looking up at the ceiling while installing lights or ceiling fans , and you get shocked regularly , sometimes while on a ladder .
Your hands are sliced up from twisting wires together , handling junction boxes made out of stamped sheet metal , and cutting metal conduit with a hacksaw .
But none of this damage touches the best part of yourself .
The character of work does n’t figure much in public debate .
Labor unions address such important concerns as workplace safety , government monitors employment levels , and management looks for greater efficiency .
Yet the dominant interests are mute on the nature of work , even though it forms us , and deforms us , with broad public consequences .
One example :
The visceral experience of failure seems to have been edited out of the career trajectories of gifted students .
It stands to reason , then , that those who end up making big decisions that affect all of us do n’t seem to have much sense of their own fallibility , and of how badly things can go wrong even with the best of intentions ( like when I dropped that feeler gauge down into the Ninja ) .
In the boardrooms of Wall Street and the corridors of Pennsylvania Avenue , I do n’t think you ’ll see a yellow sign that says “ Think Safety ! ” as you do on job sites and in many repair shops , no doubt because those who sit on the swivel chairs tend to live remote from the consequences of the decisions they make .
Perhaps we should be encouraging all gifted students to learn a trade , if only in the summers , so that their fingers will be crushed once or twice before they go on to run the country .
There is good reason to suppose that responsibility has to be installed in the foundation of your mental equipment — at the level of perception and habit .
There is an ethic of paying attention that develops in the trades through hard experience .
It inflects your perception of the world and your habitual responses to it .
But the trades do not have to be an apprenticeship to something else .
The good life comes in a variety of forms .
This variety has become difficult to see ; our field of aspiration has narrowed into certain channels .
But the current perplexity in the economy seems to be softening our gaze .
Our peripheral vision is perhaps recovering , allowing us to consider the full range of lives worth choosing .
For anyone who feels ill - suited by disposition to spend his days sitting in an office , the question of what a good job looks like is now wide open .
From the book Shop Class as Soulcraft by Matthew Crawford .
©2009 by Matthew Crawford .
Excerpt published by arrangement with The Penguin Press , a member of Penguin Group ( USA ) , Inc .
At a drinks do the other day a woman asked me the question I dread the most .
" What kind of music do you like ? " I know she was only ...
Update : According to Variety , Sommers was never fired and is still polishing the film .
Also , it ’s written into his contract that he has final cut .
Additionally , test screenings have supposedly yielded “ mostly positive reviews . ”
While many pundits have declared Land of the Lost to be the first bomb of summer 2009 , rumors emanating from the set of G.I .
Joe seem to indicate that it certainly wo n’t be the last .
If you ’ve been dutifully following our coverage of Joe , you ’ll no doubt recall that the project has been battling bad buzz for the better part of the last seven months , which has taken the form of everything from bra-stuffing allegations to focus groups shunning the trailer .
However , some message - board chatter seems to indicate that things have taken a significant turn for the worse .
If the rumors are to be believed , not only is G.I .
Joe the lowest - testing film in the history of Paramount , but executive Brad Weston has fired director Stephen Sommers from the project !
Here ’s an excerpt from the message boards over at DonMurphy .
net :
After a test screening wherein the film tested the lowest score ever from an audience in the history of Paramount , the executive who pushed for the movie , Brad Weston , had Stephen Sommers , the super hack director of the film fired .
Removed .
Locked out of the editing room .
Stuart Baird , a renowned “ fixer ” editor was brought it to try to see if it could be made releasable .
Meanwhile producer Lorenzo di Bonaventura whose turkey IMAGINE THAT explodes this weekend as the new bomb in theatres ( also championed by Weston ) was told his services were no longer needed on the film either .
Sommers was then forced by his William Morris agents to pretend that he was working on Tarzan over at Warner Brothers doing design work , even though that film does n’t even have a good script yet .
When word of the firing started to be whispered about in Hollywood , Sommers was summoned back to the editing room - but only to save appearances , Baird is still editing the movie with studio input .
Wow , sounds like Paramount has another Love Guru–type stinker on its hands .
However , since we always do our darnedest to find the silver lining in things , we ’ll leave you with this :
We ’re pretty sure that Uwe Boll will sleep tight tonight knowing he ’s no longer the worst director on earth !
Rumor : Stephen Sommers Fired Mid-Way Through G.I. Joe ? [ First Showing ]
Description :
Chip Reverse Engineering
Talk Outline :
The video was referred to us by an Anonymous viewer using the "
" form .
This is the video of the presentation titled " " given by Karsten Nohl and Starbug at the 25th Chaos Communication Congress .
Cryptographic algorithms are often kept secret in the false belief that this provides security .
To find and analyze these algorithms , we reverse - engineering the silicon chips that implement them .
With simple tools , we open the chips , take pictures , and analyze their internal structures .
The talk provides all the details you need to start reversing chips yourself .
Happy hacking !
As books make the leap from cellulose and ink to electronic pages , some editors worry that too much is being lost in translation .
Typography , layout , illustrations and carefully thought - out covers are all being reduced to a uniform , black - on - gray template that looks the same whether you 're reading Pride and Prejudice and Zombies * * or the Federalist Papers .
" There 's a dearth of typographic expression in e-books today , " says Pablo Defendini , digital producer for Tor.com , the online arm of science fiction and fantasy publisher Tor Books .
" Right now it 's just about taking a digital file and pushing it on to a e-book reader without much consideration for layout and flow of text . "
With the popularity of the Kindle and other e-book readers , electronic book sales in the United States have doubled every quarter .
Though still a very small percentage of the overall book industry , sales of e-books touched $ 15.5 million in the first quarter of the year , up from $ 3.2 million the same quarter a year ago .
By contrast , the printed book market sales in North America alone was nearly $ 14 billion in 2008 .
The rapid growth of e-books has piqued many publishers ' interest , enabling Amazon to sign all the major publishers and offer more than 275,000 books in its Kindle store .
But despite the rapid growth , e-books are still new territory for most publishers .
Add proprietary publishing standards such as the .mobi file format for the Amazon Kindle , and you have a recipe for confusion among many would - be e-book designers .
" E- books today are where the web was in its early years , " says Andrew Savikas , vice - president of digital initiatives at O'Reilly Media , a major publisher of technical books .
" And some of those e-books are as difficult to read and browse as the early web pages . "
After spending a weekend with the Sony e-book reader , I found that the convenience of having so many books in a single , lightweight , slim device had me hooked , and its screen offers nearly print - like readability .
But after about four hours of flipping through blocks of grey text I found myself feeling strangely melancholic .
It could n't have been the lack of sunshine .
Moving from one book to another , while easy , did n't help : I was still staring at the same font , the same gray background and the same basic layout .
I had stumbled onto the reason why design and fonts are so important in publishing , says Mark Simonson , an independent typeface designer .
" Different typefaces are like like having different actors in play or different voices in an audio book , " Simonson says .
" The variations in typeface influence the personality of the book .
Sticking to one font is much like having the same actor play all the different parts . "
It 's why creative directors at publishing houses try so hard to make one book feel different from another , says Henry Sene Yee , creative director for publishing house Picador .
Sene
Yee 's department is cover design .
A book 's cover design can be photographic , illustrative , iconic , typographic or something more conceptual , he says .
In each case the cover is a finely - tuned representation of the book 's genre and the message it wants to send .
" It 's about what we want readers to see in the book , " says Sene Yee , who says his job is part designer , part ad man .
He spends more than two weeks coming up with the first sketch of a book cover – one that he hopes will bait readers in .
If readers are not familiar with a writer , they make impulse buys in bookstores or even online , " so covers are what make readers pick up a book they do n't know , " says Sene Yee .
So , if book design is so important , why is it so absent from e-books today ?
" Ultimately the sticking point for e-books is accessibility , " says Defendini .
" A large component of this is making sure the text flows right and the fonts are appropriate , even while giving the reader choice to change that .
That flies in the face of the traditional role of a typographer , who is in minute control of everything . "
Designing a cover specifically for an e-book is rare :
Most e-book covers are digital images of their print namesakes .
That 's likely to change soon , says Savikas , who compares e-book stores today to how Apple 's iPhone App stores were when launched .
" With the iPhone App store we have seen app creators get more sophisticated with their choice of icons or the screenshots they use to attract buyers , " Savikas says .
E -books publishers are likely to get there soon , agrees Tor.com 's Defendini .
" The illustrators will be big winners soon , " Defendini says .
" The social aspect of buying e-books will go up , just like it did with apps and music . "
When it comes to the guts of the e-book , fundamental aspects such as fonts and page layouts become a battle .
There 's a dearth of typographic expression in e-books , says Defendini .
That 's because e-readers ' firmware offers few font choices .
Licensing custom fonts from a well - known foundry or font designer , a ubiquitous practice in print book design , is an impossibility for e-books .
Savikas says O'Reilly Media learned the hard way when the first - generation Kindle was released .
The technology publisher found that the Kindle did not have a way to ensure that blocks of computer code would remain intact and properly formatted .
" As a publisher we are not necessarily looking for 800 different font choices , " says Savikas .
" But even at this early stage we are looking for a set of standard fonts that guaranteed to be in any device or software .
" It was frustrating to contrast the Kindle 's limited fonts with that of the iPhone , which has very rich support for fonts , spacing and layout , " he says .
A big part of the problem with the Kindle ( the largest selling e-books reader ) is its use of the Amazon - specific .mobi file format , rather than the open standard ePub .
ePub is based on the XML and CSS standards used in millions of web pages and allows for far more control over layouts than is currently possible with the .mobi file format .
As a result , if publishers want to sell Kindle books , producers like Defendini have to do a lot of manual work to create the digital file .
In some cases , that means almost page - by - page customization , ensuring that drop caps appear correctly and that text flows around illustrations properly .
E -books wo n't stay ugly forever , says Sene Yee .
The devices ' limitations are mostly because they are in their early stages .
For instance , color e-book readers are not likely to be widely available until at least mid-2010 .
And the current black - and - white displays offer readers no choice beyond increasing or decreasing font size .
As e-book readers get more popular they will get more sophisticated , bringing in a new crop of designers that understand a changing world of digital publishers .
" People want more than just plain text and the technology will have to change and keep up with this need , " says Sene Yee .
" It wo n't stay ugly forever . "
See also :
Hands - On : Kindle DX is a Pricey Pleasure
Kindle 2 ’s Fuzzy Fonts Have Users Seeing RedWired Review of Amazon Kindle 2 Kindle Readers Ignite Protest Over E-Book Prices
Photo : Kindle DX ( Bryan Derballa / Wired.com )
Police will be checking the identities of people living and working in 1,000 city centre addresses , to make sure they are not terrorists .
Sussex Police plan to visit thousands of residents in the area around the Brighton Centre , in the lead up to September 's Labour Party Conference .
The conference security scheme , codenamed Operation Otter , has been justified by top officers who say the steps are necessary at a time of heightened international security .
During the conference , from September 27 to October 1 , police will seal off a secure ' island site ' around the Brighton Centre , Hilton Metropole , Grand Hotel and Russell Road car park .
But residents and workers further afield will also have to prove who they are .
Police working with Brighton and Hove City Council have already sent letters to businesses and homes around the conference centre which will be affected by Operation Otter .
Officers will visit homes and ask residents to show an identity document like a passport of driving licence , as well as confirming their address with a bank statement or utility bill .
The names will then be checked against the police national computer to check whether they are wanted or suspected of terrorism .
Superintendent Grenville Wilson , planning coordinator for Operation Otter , said : “ We will confirm their ID with open source validation .
“ They have to get an ID document like a passport and a utility bill that 's got their details on it .
“ It is so we know who 's living within the area .
“ The security operation runs throughout the conference and can cause a bit of disturbance , particularly for those people living above the Metropole and to get access to their flats they have to have a security pass .
“ We will be organising a local residents meeting , probably on July 22 , where people can ask questions .
“ Letters have gone out to the homes in the area and then we will follow that up with home visits . ”
Police will also check the details of staff at firms within the vicinity of the political conference , even though they claim they have no reason to suspect Brighton will come under attack from terrorists .
Supt Wilson said : “ Hosting the government during a time of international tension inevitably involves heightened security measures however we are keen to stress that there is no specific threat to the conference . ”
" Sussex Police is committed to working with partners and communities to tackle these issues together .
The city council has defended the disruption to residents , because the conference will bring millions of pounds worth of trade to the city .
Council leader Mary Mears said : " The annual conference of the party in government brings about 20,000 people and £ 10 million to the host city .
“ This is money local businesses desperately need to help fight the recession .
So while there is inevitably some disruption it is still worth the effort for the benefits it brings to the local economy . "
The Government has provided £ 6.1 million to fund this year ’s police operation , up from £ 3.7 million in 2005 .
Anyone affected can ask the police questions about the security checks by emailing otter_accreditation@sussex.pnn.police.uk .
Anyone with any information about terrorism is urged to call the Anti-terrorism hotline 0800 789 321 or 999 in an emergency .
eye Title Creator
1946 - Night Editor - Henry Levin
Topics : 1946 , Film noir - Edad de oro , Henry Levin
1947 - The Web - La araña - Michael Gordon
Topics : 1947 , Film noir - Edad de oro , Michael Gordon
1947 - Framed - Paula - Richard Wallace
Topics : 1947 , Film noir - Edad de oro , Richard Wallace
1950 - The Man Who Cheated Himself -
El hombre que se engañó s sí mismo - Felix E. Feist
Topics : 1950 , Film noir tardío , Felix E. Feist
1951 - The Girl on The Bridge - Hugo Hass
Topics : 1951 , Film noir tardío , Hugo Hass
1952 - Beware My Lovely - Harry Horner
Topics : 1952 , Film noir tardío , Harry Horner
1949 - Alias Nick Beal - John Farrow
Topics : 1949 , Film noir - Edad de oro , John Farrow
Film Noir 2,960 3.0 K Film Noirchives : THE BIG COMBO by The Rageaholic movies eye 2,960 favorite 0 comment 0
Part Crime Movie .
Part Exploitation Film .
100 % Noir .
Topics : The Rageaholic , RazörFist , Film Noirchives , The Big Combo
1942 - Kid Glove Killer - La última prueba - Fred Zinnemann
( 1 reviews )
Topics : Film Noir temprano , Fred Zinnemann , 1942
1945 - The house on 92nd Street - Henry Hathaway
Topics : 1945 , Film noir - Edad de oro , Henry Hathaway
Film Noir 397 397 Island Of Doomed Men ( 1940 ) by Columbia Pictures Corporation movies eye 397 favorite 1 comment 0
Madman Stephen Danel ( Peter Lorre ) presides over a prison on a remote island in the Pacific , where he works the convicts to death and profits from their labor .
Aware that Danel has a hand in a slave trading ring and that all is not well on the island , government agent Mark Sheldon ( Robert Wilcox ) po ses as a crook and has himself shipped out to the tropical penal colony .
There , he teams up with Danel 's abused wife , Lorraine ( Rochelle Hudson ) , in an effort to bring down the psychotic slave ...
Topics : Crime , Drama , Thriller
After a whirlwind courtship , newlyweds discover their road to happiness is besieged by a meddling mother - in - law , money problems , a curmudgeonly boss , and tragic illness .
Topics : Made for Each Other , Carole Lombard , Jimmy Stewart
Film Noir 469 469 Marry Me ( 1949 ) by Terence Fisher movies eye 469 favorite 1 comment 0
Marry Me! is a 1949 British comedy film directed by Terence Fisher , and starring Derek Bond , Susan Shaw , Patrick Holt , Carol Marsh and David Tomlinson .
Topics : Terence Fisher , Comedy , Rank Organization , Carol Marsh , Brenda Bruce , Lewis Gilbert , Patrick Holt , ...
Shockproof is a 1949 American film noir directed by Douglas Sirk and starring Cornel Wilde and Patricia Knight .
Wilde and Knight were husband and wife during filming .
They divorced in 1951 .
( 1 reviews )
Topics : Douglas Sirk , Cornel Wilde , Patricia Knight , Crime , Murder , Detectiive , Thrllers
Whistle Stop is a 1946 crime film noir directed by Léonide Moguy and starring George Raft , Ava Gardner , Victor McLaglen , and Tom Conway .
The screenplay was written by Philip Yordan , based on a novel by Maritta M. Wolff .
Wikipedia : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whistle_Stop_(film)
Suggested Film Noirs : http://bit.ly/2tLevkl
The Internet Archive is an excellent choice for entire full length Netflix & YouTube style uploads of drama , mystery , thriller & crime noir movies from the UK &...
Topics : Léonide Moguy , George Raft , Ava Gardner , 1940s , Film Noir Full Movies , Film Noir , Drama , Crime , ...
Film Noir 1,555 1.6K
The Black Book ( 1949 ) movies eye 1,555 favorite 0 comment 0
Robespierrre , a powerful figure in the French revolution , is desperately looking for his black book , a death list of those marked for the guillotine .
Topic : The Black Book
Film Noir 844 844 Woman On The Run ( 1950 ) movies eye 844 favorite 1 comment 0
Frank Johnson flees police after becoming an eyewitness to murder .
He is pursued around scenic San Francisco by his wife , a reporter , the police , and ... the real murderer .
Topics : Woman on the Run , crime , noir
Film Noir 747 747 The Hoodlum ( 1951 ) LAWRENCE TIERNEY movies eye 747 favorite 0 comment 0
A bloodthirsty convict is released prison after his mother makes a desperate plea to the parole board .
Once free , he uses a job at his brother ’s gas station to mastermind a complex armored car heist !
Topics : The Hoodlum , crime
Fourteen Hours is a 1951 film noir directed by Henry Hathaway .
The film won critical acclaim for Richard Basehart , who portrayed the mentally disturbed man on the building ledge .
Paul Douglas played the police officer , and a large supporting cast included Barbara Bel Geddes , Agnes Moorehead , Robert Keith , Debra Paget and Howard Da Silva .
It was the screen debut of Grace Kelly and Jeffrey Hunter , who appeared in small roles .
The screenplay was written by John Paxton , based on an article by ...
( 1 reviews )
Topics : Henry Hathaway , Richard Basehart , 1950s , Drama , Crime , Classics , Mystery , Thrilller
Desperate is a 1947 suspense film noir directed by Anthony Mann and featuring Steve Brodie , Audrey Long , Raymond Burr , Douglas Fowley , William Challee and Jason Robards .
( 1 reviews )
Topics : Anthony Mann , Steve Brodie , Audrey Long , Raymond Burr , Crime , Murder , Detectiive , Thrllers
Film Noir 295 295 El Autoestopista ( 1953 ) by Bertus movies eye 295 favorite 0 comment 0
Roy Collins y Gilbert Bowen , ambos de mediana edad , dejan atrás la gran ciudad para dirigirse por carretera hacia México .
A varios kilómetros de la frontera que separa México de los Estados Unidos , el conductor Roy acepta la proposición de su compañero Gilbert para que lleven en el asiento de detrás del automóvil a un autoestopista llamado Emmett Myers .
Topics : Thriller , Film noir , Ida Lupino , William Talman , Edmond Obrien , subtitulos español
1942 - Moontide - Marea de luna - Archie Mayo
( 1 reviews )
Topics : Film Noir temprano , Archie Mayo , 1942
1945 - Mildred Pierce - Alma en suplicio - Michael Curtiz
favorite favorite favorite ( 2 reviews )
Topics : 1945 , Film noir - Edad de oro , Michael Curtiz
1935 - The Glass Key -
La llave de cristal - Frank Tuttle
Topics : 1935 , Film pre-noir , Frank Tuttle
1943 - The Falcon in Danger - El halcón en peligro - William Clemens
Topics : Film Noir temprano , William Clemens , 1943
1946 - The Dark Mirror - A través del espejo - Robert Siodmak
Topics : 1946 , Film noir - Edad de oro , Robert Siodmak
1935 - G Men - William Keighley
Topics : 1935 , Film pre-noir , William Keighley
Film Noir 937 937 La Jungla
De Asfalto by BERTUS movies eye 937 favorite 0 comment 0
La meticulosa planificación de un atraco a una joyería por parte de una banda de delincuentes le sirve a Huston para ofrecer un poderoso relato lleno de intensidad , amén de un realista e insuperable estudio de personajes y sus motivaciones .
Sin lugar a dudas , una de los mejores películas del cine negro de todos los tiempos , con el gran Hayden y una seductora y sexy Marilyn Monroe .
Topics : Thriller , Film Noir , Joh Huston , Sam Jaffe
Never Trust a Gambler is a 1951 film noir crime film directed by Ralph Murphy starring Dane Clark , Cathy O'Donnell and Tom Drake .
The screenplay was written by John Paxton , based on an article by Joel Sayre in The New Yorker describing the 1938 suicide of John William Warde .
( 1 reviews )
Topics : Dane Clark , Cathy O'Donnell , 1950s , Drama , Crime , Classics , Mystery , Thrilller
The Crooked Way is a 1949 film noir crime film directed by Robert Florey .
The film was based on a radio play No Blade Too Sharp and features John Payne , Sonny Tufts , Ellen Drew and others .
Find out more about the movie here .
( 1 reviews )
Topics : John Payne , Sonny Tufts , Ellen Drew , 1940s , Mystery , Classsics , Drama , Crime , Black & White
Film Noir 223 223 The Strange Pathways Of Fulvia Ferrari by The Cinema Committee movies eye 223 favorite 0 comment 0
The old anarchist Latin Quarter came to a fiery end when the Great Earthquake of 1906 set off an inferno that burned nearly all of city , including the official records dating back to 1848 .
Old identities were erased , new identities created , and suddenly everyone came from San Francisco .
Oddly enough , one of the few neighborhoods to escape destruction was the rebel bastion of Telegraph Hill , proving its resilience against all opponents , even earthquake and fire .
According to legend , it was ...
Topics : Fulvia Ferrari , Enrico Travaglio , San Francisco anarchists , San Francisco , Telegraph Hill , Isabelle ...
Film Noir 840 840 The Scar ( 1948 ) FILM NOIR movies eye 840 favorite 0 comment 0
Pursued by the gangsters he robbed , a thief murders a lookalike psychiatrist and assumes his identity .
In an ironic twist , the dead shrink had bigger problems than his own !
Topics : The Scar , noir
Film Noir 782 782 Charlie Chan's
Secret movies eye 782 favorite 1 comment 1
The heir to a huge fortune is presumed drowned , then shows up , is then murdered .
( 1 reviews )
Topics : Charlie Chan , mystery
Film Noir 4,316 4.3 K 1937 La Grande Illusion by Jean Renoir movies eye 4,316 favorite 1 comment 0
During WWI , two French soldiers are captured and imprisoned in a German P.O.W. camp .
Several escape attempts follow until they are eventually sent to a seemingly inescapable fortress .
It is also the tale of the end of the Old World and beginning of The New , illustrated in the relationship between the German office in charge and an aristocratic French prisoner .
Topics : 1937 , La Grande Illusion , Grand Illusion , Feature Films , War Movies , World War I , WW1 , War Drama
Film Noir 966 966 1953 - Niagara - Henry Hathaway movies eye 966 favorite 1 comment 0
1953 - Niagara - Henry Hathaway
Topics : 1953 , Film noir tardío , Henry Hathaway
1945 - The Power of The Whistler - Lew Landers
favorite favorite ( 2 reviews )
Topics : 1945 , Film noir - Edad de oro , Lew Landers
1949 - Abandoned - Joseph M. Newman
Topics : 1949 , Film noir - Edad de oro , Joseph M. Newman
1951 - Two Of A Kind - Henry Levin
Topics : 1951 , Film noir tardío , Henry Levin
1951 - Fourteen Hours - 14 horas - Henry Hathaway
Topics : 1951 , Film noir tardío , Henry Hathaway
Film Noir 462 462 IN A LONELY PLACE trailer movies eye 462 favorite 1 comment 0
Outstanding mystery / film noir starring Humphrey Bogart and featuring Gloria Grahame in one of her most memorable roles .
Loosely based on Dorothy B Hughes ' novel .
Added to the National Film Registry in 2007 .
Topics : movie trailers , mysreties , suspense dramas , film noir , Humphrey Bogart , Gloria Grahame , Frank ...
La chatte sort ses griffes , avec Bernard Blier !
Topic : Film noir !
Uma mulher cruel e dominadora e casada com com um promotor alcoolatra , seu companheiro de infancia que e a unica testemunha viva do assassinato de sua tia rica dezessete anos antes .
Diretor : Lewis Milestone Elenco : Barbara Stanwick , Van Heflin , Lizabeth Scott , Kirk Douglas , Judith Anderson
Topics : Barbara Stanwick , Van Heflin , Lizabeth Scott , Kirk Douglas , Judith Anderson , lewis milestone , ...
Philo Vance , accompanied by his prize - losing Scottish terrier , investigates the locked - room murder of a prominent and much - hated collector whose broken Chinese vase provides an important clue .
Topics : Philo Vance , William Powell
Railroaded ! is a 1947 American crime film noir directed by Anthony Mann starring John Ireland , Sheila Ryan , Hugh Beaumont and Jane Randolph .
6 It was based on the same real life case that inspired Call Northside 777 .
( 1 reviews )
Topics : Anthony Mann , John Ireland , 1940s , Drama , Crime , Classics , Mystery , Thrilller
Criss Cross is a 1949 American crime film noir directed by Robert Siodmak starring Burt Lancaster , Yvonne De Carlo and Dan Duryea , from Don Tracy 's novel of the same name .
This film was shot partly on location in the Bunker Hill section of Los Angeles .
( 1 reviews )
Topics : Robert Siodmak , Burt Lancaster , Yvonne De Carlo , Dan Duryea , 1940s , Drama , Crime , Classics , ...
Film Noir 489 489 Children Galore ( 1955 ) by Terence Fisher movies eye 489 favorite 0 comment 0
Children Galore is a 1955 comedy film directed by Terence Fisher .
It stars Eddie Byrne and June Thorburn .
A village squire offers to give away a cottage to a deserving family with the most grandchildren .
Topics : Terence Fisher , Rural Comedy , Eddie Byrne , June Thorburn , Grendon Films , British Comedy
Film Noir 3,592 3.6K
The Man Who Cheated Himself by Felix E. Feist movies eye 3,592 favorite 0 comment 0
A woman ( Jane Wyatt ) in the process of divorce shoots her husband and gets her police lieutenant boyfriend ( Lee J. Cobb ) to help hide the body .
Topics : crime , drama , noir
1942 - The Big Shot - Lewis Seiler
Topics : Film Noir temprano , Lewis Seiler , 1942
1949 - The Set Up - Nadie puede vencerme - Combate trucado - Robert Wise
Topics : 1949 , Film noir - Edad de oro , Robert Wise
Shares
There is a very good chance that you will feel worse after seeing a chiropractor .
According to a new systematic review , serious complications of spinal manipulation are rare , but 33 - 60 % of patients experience milder short - term adverse effects such as increased pain , radiation of pain , headaches , vertigo and even loss of consciousness .
The study , published in the journal Spine , involved searching PubMed and the Cochrane Library for the years 1966 to 2007 .
They identified additional studies by hand searching .
They looked for all articles that reported adverse effects associated with chiropractic irrespective of type of design .
They omitted any reports where patients had underlying diseases ( osteogenesis imperfecta , expansive vertebral hemangioma , osteoporotic fracture , etc. ) that predisposed them to complications with manipulation .
They found 46 pertinent studies :
One randomized controlled trial
Two case - control studies
Six prospective studies
Twelve surveys
Three retrospective studies
115 case reports
They recognized that “ the heterogeneity of the study designs did not allow conducting a formal meta-analysis . ”
But they did the best they could to make sense out of what they found .
One RCT
It is surprising that after over a century of chiropractic manipulation , only one randomized controlled trial has attempted to evaluate its safety .
And that study was really designed to compare different chiropractic methods to each other : manipulation ( high velocity low amplitude thrusts that cannot be resisted by the patient ) vs mobilization ( low velocity passive motion that can be stopped by the patient ) , with and without adjunctive measures of heat or electrical muscle stimulation .
The study , published in 2005 by Hurwitz et al. in both a chiropractic journal and in Spine , was limited to patients with neck pain .
Of 336 patients enrolled , 280 responded 2 weeks later to an adverse events questionnaire .
30 % reported at least one adverse symptom , most frequently increased neck pain or stiffness .
Adverse reactions were more frequent with manipulation than with mobilization , but the difference did n’t reach statistical significance .
The study concluded
Given the possible higher risk of adverse reactions and lack of demonstrated effectiveness of manipulation over mobilization , chiropractors should consider a conservative approach for applying manipulation to their patients , especially those with severe neck pain .
Two case control studies
A study in Canada , published in Stroke in 2001 matched 582 cases of vertebrobasilar accidents ( stroke ) with controls .
In patients < 45 years old , those with VBA were 5 times as likely as controls to have visited a chiropractor in the previous week , and 5 times more likely to have made more than 3 visits for cervical treatment in the preceding month .
A second study published in Neurology in 2003 used a nested case - control design and found that vertebral artery dissections were independently associated with spinal manipulative therapy in the previous 30 days , even after controlling for neck pain .
The authors advised ,
Patients undergoing SMT should be consented for risk of stroke or vascular injury from the procedure .
A significant increase in neck pain following spinal manipulative therapy warrants immediate medical evaluation .
Prospective cohorts
6 prospective studies [ 1 ] involved having patients , chiropractors , or physiotherapists fill out questionnaires on a predetermined number of consecutive patients ( usually between 10 and 15 ) .
1. 20 New Zealand physiotherapists were approached ; only 9 returned the forms , and only 1 participated for 3 weeks .
Questionnaires were completed by physiotherapists .
There was only one report of increased neck pain .
This study was inconsistent with all the rest .
It raises the question of whether manipulation by physiotherapists might be safer than manipulation by chiropractors , and whether they are actually using the same techniques .
2. 10 Norwegian chiropractors reported side effects in 1/3 of patients .
23 % had local or radiating symptoms : 90 % moderate or slight , 87 % commencing on the day of treatment and 83 % disappearing in 24 hours .
Questionnaires were completed by the chiropractor .
3. 86 Swedish chiropractors were approached and 66 participated ; 27 % of patients did not participate and 5 % were lost to follow - up. 44 % reported adverse reactions , mostly local discomfort in the area treated .
Questionnaires were completed by the chiropractor .
4. 146 Norwegian chiropractors were approached ; 102 participated .
Adverse reactions were reported in 55 % of patients , with 64 % occurring within 4 hours of treatment and 74 % disappearing by 24 hours .
Questionnaires were completed by the chiropractor .
5. 11 British chiropractors were approached ; 9 participated .
74 % of patients responded of which only 63 % of the forms were complete .
53 % reported adverse reactions ; 44 % of these occurred within an hour of manipulation .
Questionnaires were completed by patients .
6. 59 Belgian manipulative therapists ; questionnaires filled out by patients .
60.9 % reported adverse reactions , mainly headache , stiffness , and local discomfort , most appearing within 4 hours of treatment and resolving in 24 hours .
It is interesting that not one of these studies was from the US , where chiropractic originated and where it is most popular .
Retrospective cohorts
12 retrospective surveys mainly involved asking chiropractors , neurologists , or other physicians to fill out questionnaires .
A couple of studies were based on medical or insurance records .
In all , 308 serious adverse effects were reported : 163 strokes , 26 myelopathies , 100 radiculopathies , 3 transient ischemic accidents , 1 acute subdural hematoma and 29 other cases not specified .
Minor adverse reactions totaled 1337 cases , most of them vertigo ( 1218 cases ) and diminished or lost consciousness .
Most of these occurred within 24 hours of manipulation ; 5 patients died and 80 were left with permanent neurologic deficits .
A retrospective study of medicolegal cases suggested that chiropractors may have failed to recognize a stroke in progress .
“ The sudden onset of acute and unusual neck and / or head pain may represent a dissection in progress and be the reason a patient seeks manipulative therapy that then serves as the final insult to the vessel leading to ischemia . ”
Strokes occurred at any point during the course of treatment and there was no dose - response relationship .
Case reports
115 case reports included strokes ( 66 ) , spinal fluid leak ( 5 ) , spinal epidural hematoma ( 7 ) , cauda equina syndrome ( 2 ) , herniated disc ( 20 ) , radiculopathy ( 7 ) , myelopathy ( 3 ) , diaphragmatic palsy ( 3 ) and pathologic fractures of vertebra ( 2 ) .
Conclusions : Adverse reactions are common after spinal manipulation
The results of this new systematic review are consistent with previous reviews .
Adverse reactions are common after spinal manipulation , but they are usually benign and transitory .
The true risk of serious injury is not known .
Estimates of the risk of stroke vary wildly from 1 in 20,000 manipulations to 1.46 in 10,000,000 manipulations .
The authors point out that these numbers are speculative because they are based on assumptions about the total number of manipulations performed , and because the degree of underreporting is likely to be high .
In one survey , 35 cases of neurologic complications were identified , none of which had been previously published .
Another study [ 2 ] by the Stroke Council of the American Heart Association identified 360 unpublished case of arterial damage .
Chiropractors and neurologists are likely to have different perceptions of the risk , because without systematic followup , chiropractors may not know when their patient has suffered a stroke , while neurologists see only patients with stroke .
One interesting but not unexpected finding of this study was that questionnaires completed by patients reported a higher incidence of adverse reactions than questionnaires completed by chiropractors .
This study concluded that the “ data are inconclusive in terms of incidence , but the risk of occurrence of serious adverse reactions should be assumed . ”
There is no way to know if one type of treatment is more dangerous than another because the studies almost never specify what chiropractic maneuver was performed .
But there is a hint that mobilization might be safer than manipulation , and there is a plausible rationale .
Screening protocols have been developed that attempt to identify patients at higher risk of stroke , but they have not proven to be useful .
Their sensitivity and specificity are low .
An intriguing study using PET scans concluded that cerebellar hypoperfusion ( decreased blood flow to the base of the brain ) may occur after cervical spinal manipulation .
This could explain reports of headache , dizziness , vertigo , nausea , blurred vision , etc .
It also raises the possibility that some of the minor reactions were strokes that almost happened but did n’t .
One might ask , if half of patients have adverse effects , why do they keep coming back ?
There are plenty of psychological factors that could explain that .
Many alternative providers tell patients that increased symptoms mean the treatment is working and they have to feel worse before they can get better .
And one practice - building technique taught to chiropractors is not to ask whether the original symptom is better , but to ask “ What ’s better today ? ”
If they can find anything positive , like sleeping better or improved appetite , they emphasize that improvement and distract the patient ’s attention from the fact that their original complaint has not improved .
We simply do n’t have enough good data to quantify the risks of chiropractic treatment .
It ’s hard to understand why we do n’t have good data after all this time .
It would seem to be in the best interests of chiropractors and their insurance companies to get the facts .
Good data would be easy to obtain by establishing a database specifying the exact intervention and contacting patients a day or two later and also a month after the treatment to ask about adverse effects or subsequent diagnoses of stroke .
It could be compiled electronically and data pooled for a large number of chiropractors .
It would cost next to nothing and could be carried out by office assistants as part of their routine duties .
Patients have the right to know .
Apart from the risk of stroke and other serious outcomes , if there is a 50 % chance I will feel worse after a treatment , I would like to be warned .
And as the authors point out , the question of risk is all that more important because we do n’t have a “ robust demonstration ” of the effectiveness of these treatments .
Risk alone is meaningless : it must be balanced against benefits to make a risk / benefit assessment .
They say “ Although the list of indications for which chiropractic is recommended is enormous , there is insufficient published evidence to support or refuse the efficacy of this treatment modality . ”
The bottom line : chiropractic manipulations , especially neck manipulations , carry a small risk of serious consequences , a large risk of minor adverse effects ; and , depending on the indication , there is little or no evidence that they are effective .
— — —-
[ 1 ] Rivett DA , Milburn P . A prospective study of complications of cervical spine
manipulation .
J Manipulative Physiol Ther 1996 ;4:166–70 .
Senstad O , Leboeuf - Yde C , Borchgrevink CF .
Side - effects of chiropractic
spinal manipulation : types , frequency , discomfort and course .
Scand J Prim
Health Care 1996 ; 14:50 –53 .
Leboeuf - Yde C , Hennius B , Rudberg E , et al .
Side effects of chiropractic
treatment : a prospective study .
J Manipulative Physiol Ther 1997;20 :
511–15 .
Senstad O , Leboeuf - Yde C , Borchgrevink CF .
Frequency and characteristics
of side effects of spinal manipulative therapy .
Spine 1997;22:435–41 .
Barrett AJ , Breen AC .
Adverse effects of spinal manipulation .
J R Soc Med
2000;93:258–9 .
Cagnie B , Vinck E , Beernaert A , et al .
How common are side effects of spinal
manipulation and can these side effects be predicted ?
Man Ther 2004;9 :
151–6 .
[ 2 ] Robertson JT .
Neck manipulations as a cause for stroke .
Stroke 1981 ; 12:1
May 19 , 2009 posted by Antti Kantee
Introduction
Rump ( Runnable Userspace Meta Programs ) is a kernel virtualization and isolation technique available only in NetBSD .
Rump uses the standard user process abstraction to provide a virtualization container for kernel components such as file systems and networking .
The first release to feature rump support is NetBSD 5.0 .
For the user , rump offers increased reliability and system partitioning for a very low runtime overhead and usually no setup effort .
For the developer , it offers a kernel development environment which behaves like an application process and can leverage standard application development tools .
The remainder of this short article will give a brief overview of the key ideas behind rump and offer some examples of how to use it on NetBSD 5 .
Key Ideas
An operating system kernel offers two central features for everything running on the system : resource arbitration and services .
Resource arbitration means that the kernel tries to hand out physical computing resources , e.g. cpu and memory , in a fair way to tasks which request them .
Services logically extend the hardware and provide features on top of it .
Examples of services are TCP / IP networking provided on top of a network interface physical resource and a file system provided on top of a hard disk physical resource .
A conventional approach to virtualization is to take the entire operating system and virtualize everything including resource arbitration and services .
This can be done for instance by using a machine emulator , Xen or the usermode version of the OS .
Rump is radically different in that it does not aim to virtualize the entire system .
Rather , it provides very lightweight virtualization of the service subcomponents of the OS .
For example , the NetBSD kernel contains drivers to interpret various file systems .
To be usable , this driver code must be inside the kernel .
In practise , this means that support must be compiled into the kernel or it must be loaded as a kernel module .
In rump , the kernel code is contained in a user process .
Reading and writing the contents of a file system is possible even without kernel support for that type of file system .
The key difference to other usermode file systems is that rump file systems reuse the kernel file system code and modules can be interchangeably used in the kernel or in userspace .
The key difference to in - kernel file system drivers is isolation from the rest of the kernel .
It is also possible to provide multiple versions of the same kernel file system driver .
Although rump is a virtualization technology , it does not seek to replace the Xen virtualization present in NetBSD 5.0 .
Rather , Xen and rump should be seen as complementary technologies which each have their own strengths and weaknesses .
For example , the setup of Xen from scratch for a one - off debugging task is heavyweight and time consuming , while using rump introduces no setup penalty .
On the contrary , Xen is the choice for setting up a server farm , as rump does not virtualize the entire operating system .
What does rump do for you ?
We will discuss the uses of rump with three example cases , the first being a microkernel style approach where we mount a file system with a file server running in userspace .
The second example is a toolset for accessing file systems .
The third usage example is kernel testing and development .
rump_msdos : USB sticks with FAT file systems are a common sight .
Mounting an untrusted image from removable media with the file system driver running in the kernel is risky in many ways : inopportune unplugging of the media or a corrupted file system may have adverse effects such as system crashes or worse .
By using the rump_msdos command instead of mount_msdos , the file system service runs in userspace and is accessed via puffs .
This isolates the main kernel from any resulting problems such as buffer overflows .
The usage of mount_msdos and rump_msdos are equivalent .
It is possible to use the userspace version of any supported file system by entering the keyword " rump " into the options field of /etc/ fstab , e.g. : /dev/sd0e /m/stick msdos rw , noauto,-u=100 , rump
The FAT fs from / dev/ sd0e can now be mounted with a rump file server simply by typing " mount /m / stick & " .
Unmounting works as usual with umount /m / stick .
Note :
In NetBSD 5.0 the rump file servers do not background themselves automatically .
Therefore the above mount example contains the ampersand .
The behavior has been changed to background by default in NetBSD - current .
The FAT fs from can now be mounted with a rump file server simply by typing " " .
Unmounting works as usual with . :
In NetBSD 5.0 the rump file servers do not background themselves automatically .
Therefore the above mount example contains the ampersand .
The behavior has been changed to background by default in NetBSD - current .
fs - utils :
The famous mtools tool suite provides access to FAT file systems directly from userland without requiring to have FAT support in the kernel or having to mount the file system .
fs - utils does the same as mtools by means of rump and supports FAT plus 9 other NetBSD disk - based file systems , including FFS , cd9660 and UDF .
As examples of provided utilities , fsu_ls lists the contents of an image and fsu_ecp can be used to copy files in and out of the file system .
Currently , fs - utils is not shipped with the base system and must be installed separately from pkgsrc .
It is available as pkgsrc / filesystems / fs-utils .
The fs-utils application suite was written by Arnaud Ysmal .
testing ( for developers ) : Kernel testing is difficult for two reasons : 1 ) it requires the use of a possibly buggy kernel on the test host 2 ) if the kernel crashes as a result of the test , it is difficult to automatically generate an error report .
As rump allows making system calls to a process local kernel , a bug will only result in an application crash , which is well handled by the Automatic Testing Framework ( atf ) available in NetBSD 5.0 .
Rump makes regression testing the kernel easy , quick , gives accessible results automatically and does not require a full OS setup .
Further Resources
Rump is still under constant development and changes are taking place daily .
The rump website at http://www.NetBSD.org/docs/rump/ is a good source for current and future information and includes links to publications containing more in - depth coverage .
Feedback via the NetBSD mailing lists or the issue tracker is encouraged .
The use of rump is described in manual pages :
The Symptoms of Coronavirus – How to Recognize and Treat This Virus
Infections with the coronavirus ( COV ) and coronavirus - like - virus ( CMV ) are the most common cause of acute respiratory syndrome .
This respiratory condition can cause complications in the lungs and other organs of the body .
Most cases of this condition are preventable by controlling the infection .
COV is a highly contagious , very common virus .
It causes illness in both children and adults .
Children with this type of virus may be sick with cough and fever .
Some children may also develop vomiting , jaundice , and breathing difficulties .
Adults with this virus are usually unwell or have fever or pneumonia .
As the name suggests , the immune system plays an important role in COV .
The body ’s immune system fights off infections .
However , when a person with COV has a compromised immune system , it increases the chances of getting sick .
Children and the elderly are the most vulnerable to COV complications .
Older people and children who have serious underlying health conditions such as heart or lung diseases or diabetes appear to be at increased risk for contracting more severe complications from COV - 19 condition .
A weak immune system allows the virus to enter the bloodstream .
The virus then multiplies in the blood .
If the person with COV does not get treated , the virus can travel to the lungs where it can cause pneumonia .
If left untreated , the disease can spread to the brain .
Viral infections such as these are generally treatable with medications .
Although there are no vaccines that can protect against this virus , certain medicines and antibiotics may reduce the symptoms .
In some cases , surgical procedures may be recommended .
In countries where the disease is prevalent , doctors will often ask patients need to stay home .
However , there are cases when the virus can be transmitted through coughing , sneezing or touching surfaces with a patient who is infected with COV .
As a result , a patient who is diagnosed with this severe respiratory disease is treated with medication which should help to reduce symptoms and help patients recover .
If complications continue to develop , surgery may be needed to remove portions of the lungs or even the entire lung .
However , it is very rare for a person with COV to die from the condition .
Some young children and babies are at greater risk for complications .
Some young children have been reported to suffer more severe complications such as pneumonia than older children and adults .
Parents who suspect that their child has this disease should contact their pediatrician immediately .
If symptoms continue or if their child has difficulty breathing , they should be seen by a doctor .
For parents who suspect that their young children have COV , they should keep a close eye on them and monitor their respiratory activities .
It is important to keep track of the temperature of the child ’s skin as well as monitor their weight .
Although young children seem to be at greater risk of complications than older children , adults can also become infected with this virus .
Adults who have a compromised immune system seem to be more susceptible to infection .
Some adults who suffer from HIV / AIDS also seem to be at greater risk of developing this condition .
HIV infection is very common in people who have a compromised immune system , and it is estimated that about two - thirds of AIDS sufferers have this infection as a result of COV .
The virus replicates more easily in these individuals .
HIV / AIDS sufferers are at a higher risk of developing complications due to other infections such as pneumonia as well .
The earlier a person ’s infection is detected and the sooner it is treated , the better chance there is for the infection to be managed without having to resort to surgery or other invasive treatments .
In fact , the longer a person remains in the hospital the less likely it is that the virus will progress .
If you think that you or your child may have contracted this virus , contact your health care provider or doctor right away .
They can determine if your symptoms are caused by COV and recommend the best course of treatment for you or your child .
A court has rejected the appeal of a farmer convicted of butchering women and feeding them to his pigs in what police say was Canada 's worst serial murder case .
Thursday 's decision also means Robert Pickton , convicted of six murders , will likely not be tried for another 20 murders with which he is charged .
Prosecutors have said that if Pickton 's verdict were not overturned , they would not try the other cases because he is already serving the maximum sentence .
Pickton , 59 , is serving life in prison with no possibility of parole for 25 years .
However , that is little comfort for some family members of the 20 other women .
" I do n't care if he 's in jail for 25 years on another case .
I care that there 's a guilty or not guilty on behalf of my sister and all the other families involved , " said Susie Kinshella , a sister of Wendy Crawford , one of the 20 .
[ Revised June , 2009 ]
Local Network Cookbook :
A Recipe for Starting a Local Broadband Wireless Network
via Federal Stimulus Funding
By Wally Bowen , Founder / Executive Director
Mountain Area Information Network ( MAIN )
Asheville , N.C .
Introduction
The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act includes $ 7.2 billion in stimulus funding for broadband deployment in unserved and underserved communities .
Most of this federal broadband stimulus funding is earmarked for nonprofit organizations and local government entities .
Grant application windows are expected in July , November , and May , 2010 .
This funding will be distributed by the National Telecommunications and Information Administration ( NTIA ) and the Rural Utilities Service ( RUS ) over the next 12 months .
NTIA is an agency of the U.S. Department of Commerce ; RUS is an agency of the U.S. Department of Agriculture .
For NTIA stimulus funding , large commercial providers must get special permission from the agency director to receive a grant .
It is not yet clear whether RUS will adopt this funding approach .
The grant application windows of July , November and May , 2010 are approximate until each agency issues its Notice of Funding Availability ( NOFA ) .
A summary of federal broadband stimulus funding can be found at : http://www.baller.com/pdfs/Baller_Herbst_Stimulus_2-19-09.pdf
A note on federal grant proposals :
Many community - based nonprofits turn to their local Council of Government ( COG ) for help with federal grant applications .
Indeed , COGs can serve as the fiscal agent for new grassroots organizations with little or no track record of managing major grants .
Federal agencies are accustomed to using COGs as conduits for federal grants to community - based organizations .
Usually , the COG 's administrative fee is factored into the grant request .
A Jeffersonian Internet ?
Federal broadband stimulus funding is a once - in - a - lifetime opportunity for local nonprofit organizations -- especially community media centers -- to become Internet service providers ( ISP ) and begin developing new revenue streams .
It 's also an historic opportunity for advocates of Internet Freedom .
Creating community - based broadband networks would be a huge step toward creating the critical " third pipe " alternative to the cable / telco duopoly .
The proliferation of these community - based networks would generate market pressure to force the major carriers to restore “ net neutrality ” protections for broadband users .
In short , this broadband stimulus opportunity opens the door to the possibility of a new “ Jeffersonian Internet ” comprised of a “ network -of - grassroots - networks ” where civil liberties and quality journalism are valued over Wall Street business models .
" Local Network Cookbook : A Recipe for Launching a Local Broadband Wireless Network " is aimed at helping nonprofit organizations -- especially those already using digital technologies -- move quickly to plan and submit a broadband stimulus funding proposal for one of the three application windows .
Why Wireless ?
Why wireless ?
Some advocates believe that fiber - to - the - home should be the goal of U.S. broadband policy .
While commendable , this view overlooks two critical factors :
First , implementing this policy would take time , especially in rural areas .
Wireless , meanwhile , could deliver broadband quickly in many rural and low - income urban areas , while a long - term fiber component is being pursued .
Second , broadband is going mobile , which requires a wireless solution .
Given these realities , it 's clear that the best solutions for community - based networks will be some combination of fiber and wireless deployment .
Fiber and wireless also provide symmetrical speeds – where upload and download speeds are roughly the same .
By contrast , cable and DSL technologies are asymmetrical , whereby upload is a fraction of the download speed .
That 's why cable and DSL technologies have a limited future .
It 's imperative that community - based groups seize this historic opportunity .
The broadband stimulus funding guidelines are written to favor community - based networks ; however , where local networks are not forthcoming , Wall Street - controlled , absentee - owned networks could prevail .
The Hidden Costs of Absentee - Owned Networks
Underserved communities and neighborhoods -- both rural and urban -- have suffered long enough under absentee - owned networks .
Advances in digital technologies now make it possible for even the smallest community to own and operate a broadband network .
Moreover , local networks can build and operate broadband networks more cost - effectively because their designs do not include additional electronics for " deep packet inspection , " a controversial digital - snooping technique that allows big carriers to track how customers use the Internet .
Local networks create local jobs , instead of outsourcing jobs overseas .
Local networks also bring “ social capital ” benefits –- a critical ingredient for innovation -- because their IT staff live and work in the communities they serve .
These local experts are thereby available to share their knowledge and experience with the community 's schools , youth organizations , and local businesses .
The social capital impact of local networks on innovation , job - creation , and economic development deserves serious attention from economists and broadband policy analysts .
This recipe is aimed at locally - owned " last - mile " networks to serve homes and businesses .
However , some communities start with a " middle - mile " fiber network to help reduce wholesale bandwidth costs for local industry , hospitals , schools and government agencies .
Unfortunately , these “ institutional ” networks leave the last - mile service to commercial providers , who -- by necessity -- cherry - pick the more lucrative business subscribers , leaving low - income neighborhoods underserved .
Some communities or regions – like the mountain region of North Carolina – have created both nonprofit middle - mile fiber infrastructure AND a nonprofit , last - mile wireless network .
This local network recipe was written primarily for community - based groups focused primarily on last - mile broadband using wireless technologies to reach underserved homes and businesses .
However , many of the same steps apply to organizing a nonprofit fiber network for middle - mile connectivity .
For more information on starting a community - based fiber network , contact the author at : wallyb@main.nc.us .
Now , let 's get started with the basic ingredients for starting a local broadband wireless network .
Basic Ingredients
Vision The Need IT Team Upstream Internet Link Network Design Network Hardware Wireless Transmitter Site Customer Premise Equipment ( CPE ) Staffing and Operating Budget
1. The Vision -- Your vision can be simple ( we want our own network ) or more complex ( a hybrid fiber - wireless network to support community journalism , etc ) .
The important thing is to be flexible ; let your vision evolve as circumstances and opportunities change .
Community - based networks can address multiple problems and opportunities simultaneously .
As a general rule , however , keep it simple if you 're starting from scratch .
2. The Need -- Rural and urban low - income neighborhoods have the greatest need for affordable broadband .
You may want to focus on a single neighborhood or town to start .
The selection of your initial service area may be driven by existing assets , such as the location of your community radio station or PEG facility , or a community - owned tower , water tank , or tall building from which to deliver broadband wireless .
3 . The IT Team -- Information technology ( IT ) is a highly technical field which can seem arcane and daunting to many community activists .
Paradoxically , this may be the easiest step in building your own network .
IT professionals are everywhere : every school system , hospital , community college , and local government has an in - house IT pro.
Local computer clubs often have a wealth of IT expertise .
IT pros usually have a solid understanding of Internet Freedom issues ( digital inclusion , privacy , civil liberties , open - source , high cost of bandwidth , absentee - owned networks , etc ) .
A few phone calls or a public meeting to share your vision is usually all it takes to begin assembling a solid IT team .
Linux user groups ( LUGs ) are also an excellent source for IT talent .
4. Upstream Link --
Your local IT pros can determine the cost and availability of the " fat pipe " you need to link your local broadband network to the Internet ( more details below ) .
Typical sources of this wholesale bandwidth ( sometimes called the " middle - mile " or " backhaul " link ) are the local phone or cable companies , or a " competitive local exchange carrier " ( CLEC , one of the few good things to come out of the 1996 Telecom Act ) .
Of course , the high cost of this wholesale bandwidth in rural areas is one of the great challenges we face , which is why some rural communities are building " middle - mile " fiber networks before tackling " last - mile " broadband service to homes and businesses .
These community - based fiber networks typically start with a coalition of institutional users , such as hospitals , schools , government agencies , and major industries .
Two examples of these nonprofit fiber networks are PANGAEA and ERC Broadband .
5. Wireless Access Point --
This is typically a telecommunications tower , forest service fire tower , water tank , or roof of a tall building -- basically , any location which gives your wireless transmitter / antenna array an optimal viewshed of the area you want to serve .
Rental fees for commercial cell towers are usually cost - prohibitive , while publically - owned structures can often be leased at low cost , or no cost in a barter arrangement .
6. Network Design --
Your IT team will draft a preliminary network design based on the area you plan to serve and the availability of the upstream link .
The location of existing facilities ( e.g. PEG studios or radio station ) may also be key in your network design .
Designing a network is like connecting the dots .
Your existing assets , upstream link availability , and service area may limit you to a single network design .
Or , your IT team may find several possible network configurations .
One of the most promising new ' last - mile ' technologies is " mesh " wireless .
This network topology consists of very low - power radios -- called nodes -- strategically placed throughout a neighborhood .
These nodes , in effect , can “ talk ” to each other to create a create a grassroots sub-network .
These interconnected nodes enable more efficient bandwidth - sharing and higher network performance .
Each node creates a giant Wi - Fi hotspot -- many times larger than a coffeehouse hotspot .
Anyone with a Wi-Fi-enabled laptop in a " mesh " neighborhood can connect to the Internet .
Roughly one - in - four of these nodes requires a direct connection to the Internet , providing a more cost - effective way of extending affordable broadband access to underserved areas .
NOTE : Technology changes fast .
If you 're applying for a grant to build your own network , remember that funders are open to your changing the network design if a better option becomes available .
Also , network hardware vendors are usually willing to give a free critique of your network design ; their feedback can be very valuable .
Just keep in mind their inherent bias toward their specific hardware solution .
7. Network Hardware --
Once your IT team has settled on a basic network design , you 're ready to begin selecting your network hardware .
If you 're applying for a grant , it 's usually OK to specify a particular hardware manufacturer , model and pricing ( Motorola transmitter , etc ) in order to flesh out your budget .
However , as noted above , funders are generally open to your amending the budget if you find a more cost - effective solution between the time of your application and project implementation .
8. Customer Premise Equipment ( CPE ) --
This is the equipment which terminates your " last - mile " network at your subscriber 's home or business .
For wireless broadband networks , the CPE is typically a modem which can receive your network 's wireless signal .
This modem - receiver has a standard cable which plugs into a desktop computer or laptop ( or Wi - Fi router for subscribers with Wi-Fi-enabled laptops ) .
In most cases , the installation of the CPE will require a site - visit by your staff .
However , adding mesh technology to your network reduces the number of these modems you need to deploy , thereby reducing your labor and hardware costs while boosting network efficiency .
9. Staffing & Operating Costs --
Designing , budgeting , and obtaining capital to build your network is the critical first step .
The next step is calculating the ongoing operating costs of your network , which will also determine what you charge for broadband access .
Some small wireless networks are two - person operations serving up to 500 subscribers .
Their staff handles tech - support calls via their mobile phones while in the field installing a new subscriber .
A $ 200 - a- year online accounting package allows them to sign - up new subscribers from their laptops in the field .
A more complex model is the nonprofit Mountain Area Information Network ( MAIN ) in Asheville , N.C. MAIN has four full - time technical staff ( network director , assistant ND , webmaster , and tech support ) and several part - time wireless installers who work as needed .
This tech staff is supported by a part - time receptionist and part - time billing / bookkeeper , and full - time executive director ( who is mainly focused on policy advocacy and fundraising ) .
This staff supports about 500 wireless subscribers over a four - county network ( three rural counties plus the city of Asheville and environs ) .
This staff also support 1,200 local and national dial - up subscribers , more than 400 webhosting clients , and a low - power FM radio station .
The LPFM station has a full - time manager who receives IT support from our network staff and financial management / fundraising support from non-technical staff .
Four Basic Steps for Network Implementation
Once you have funding or financing to build your network , there are three basic steps for implementing your network plan .
Step One
Re-visit your IT team 's plan for “ upstream ' bandwidth , as pricing and availability do change .
This is the big “ fat pipe ” that takes all of your subscribers ' traffic – in the aggregate -- to the Internet .
( It 's also called the “ middle - mile ” or “ backhaul ” link . )
Upstream bandwidth is usually leased from a phone , cable , or other ' middle - mile ' provider .
This wholesale bandwidth comes in two forms -- or measurements -- based on speed and / or capacity :
The T - 1 line provides 1.5 megabits - per-second ( mbps ) and is usually leased from the local phone company .
Individual T - 1 lines can be " bundled " to increase upstream capacity .
For example , to create upstream capacity of 3 mbps , you would have the provider “ bundle ” two T - 1 lines .
Upstream bandwidth from other landline providers – such as a cable or fiber network ( wireless on rare occasions ) -- is usually measured and priced by the megabit .
For example , MAIN's Asheville POP ( telecom jargon for ' point of presence ' ) has a capacity of 6.5 mbps .
Our bandwidth is provided by local nonprofit fiber networks at a cost of approximately $ 100 per megabit .
How much bandwidth is enough ?
The 6.5 megabits our Asheville network consumes each month serves :
250 wireless subscribers with speeds beginning at 1 mbps with symmetrical upload and download ( By contrast , cable and DSL broadband are asymmetrical , which means the upload is only a fraction of download speed .
This is due to the fact that telephone and cable networks had to be re-engineered for broadband .
That re-engineering focused on download speeds , assuming that upload speed – necessary for sending large files -- was of marginal use to subscribers . )
400 - plus domains ( websites which we host ) ;
approximately 150 people who use our free Wi -Fi service ( 20 minutes a day ) ;
Because all subscribers will not be downloading 3 mbps simultaneously , a single 3 mbps upstream link can support a large number of subscribers ( 150 - 200 or more ) , depending on time of day and types of usage ( e.g. a relatively small number of " gamers " can quickly " soak " an upstream link ) .
The correct subscribers - to - megabit ratio is a subject of passionate debate among network staff .
There is no hard and fast rule .
Therefore , " networking monitoring " is standard operating procedure so that spikes in usage can be tracked and upstream capacity increased as needed .
Some upstream providers will allow your usage to " burst " above the contracted limit ; you simply pay the overage , thereby ensuring consistent network performance .
" Traffic - shaping " tools are also available to optimize upstream capacity .
Step Two
Set up your network hardware , which will terminate your upstream connection and form your broadband service platform , including email , hosting , etc .
Basic network hardware components are routers and servers .
Router --
The T - 1 or fiber / cable upstream link connects to your core router .
By using the open - source Linux operating system ( OS ) , a core router can cost less than $ 1,000 .
Servers --
For less than $ 2,000 , these high - speed , high - capacity computers provide three basic services :
Domain name hosting ( DNS ) Example : www.yourname.com
Email services ( including listserves , aliases , forwarding , etc )
Website hosting ( a $ 50,000 a year revenue stream for MAIN ) .
We do not design or build websites ; instead we give referrals to our supporters . )
Many ISPs outsource these services with their upstream provider or with a third - party provider -- for as little as $ 300 a month for a complete package .
At MAIN , we " feed - and - water " our own servers because we are fortunate to employ a " Uber - geek " -- our webmaster -- who performs magic on these servers and is a terrific resource for local web - designers and our hosting clients .
Step Three
Set up your " last - mile " network to deliver broadband service to the home or business -- the end user .
Because independent ISPs cannot resell cable or DSL broadband access ( due to " Brand X " court and FCC rulings in 2005 ) , the only practical solution for covering the " last mile " is unlicensed wireless .
As we await the unlicensed " white spaces " technology , the existing unlicensed frequencies -- 2.4 GHz , 5.8 GHz , and 900 MHz -- are the most common wireless technologies .
A new " lite - licensed " frequency -- 3.65 GHz -- promises far greater speeds and range ( 20 mbps with 20 - mile range ) .
The " lite license " simply means that the geo-location of the transmitter must be registered with the FCC via a simple online process .
When MAIN launched a wireless broadband service in 2003 , 900 MHz was the best " last mile " option , as this lower - frequency signal can " bend " to a small degree around buildings and ridges and penetrate foliage at close range ( under two miles ) .
Wireless broadband via 900 MHz , therefore , is sometimes called “ non - line - of - sight ” ( NLOS ) .
The two higher frequencies -- 2.4 GHz and 5.8 GHz -- require strict " line of sight " ( LOS ) but can deliver a viable signal up to 20 miles or more , depending on power levels and signal concentration .
The latest versions of these unlicensed technologies offer subscriber speeds up to 4 - 8 mbps .
These wireless technologies are usually employed in three ways :
Last - mile to the home or business via a modem / receiver connected to the subscriber 's computer .
This modem picks up the signal from the transmitter / antenna array , or wireless access point ( WAP ) .
Tower - to - tower ( or roof - top to roof - top ) to extend the reach of the network by connecting two or more WAPs to middle - mile , upstream bandwidth ;
" Mesh " wireless , which is a complementary " last - mile " application linking multiple Wi-Fi hot - spots ( described above under " Network Design " ) .
We are currently testing the 3.65 GHz " lite - licensed " technology , whose higher - power signal and superior capacity can support higher speeds , greater distances , and more subscribers .
We believe this will be a good backhaul solution for our mesh " Wi - Fi City " network in densely - populated city neighborhoods , but it is still a strict LOS technology not suitable in our more rural , mountainous service area .
A single wireless broadband transmission array , or wireless access point ( WAP ) , is typically located on a municipal telecom tower , forest service fire tower , water tank or rooftop .
The WAP consists of the following components :
Transmitter : Generates the " juice " or electrical signal for broadband access .
Multiple transmitters ( technically as “ transceiver ” because they transmit and receive ) can be deployed at a single WAP to accommodate more subscribers .
Cost range : $ 1,800 ( 75 subscribers ) to $ 3,800 ( 300 subscribers )
Antenna : Omni-directional or sector .
Omni antennas are ideal for small towns when mounted at a central location ( courthouse or water tank ) .
Their 360 degree coverage with effective ranges of 2 - 3 miles ( NLOS ) and 6 miles ( LOS ) works well in compact communities and neighborhoods .
Cost : Under $ 1,000
Sector antennas concentrate a signal over a 60 , 90 or 120 degree area .
A more concentrated sector ( e.g. 60 degrees ) yields a stronger signal and thus a greater range .
Cost : Under $ 1,000
WAP Router : Routers for wireless access points range from $ 300 to $ 1,000 .
Step Four
Hooking up the subscriber to your network .
Strength - of - signal is the determining factor here .
Avoid hooking - up subs with marginal signals , no matter how bad they want the service .
They are at risk for disappointment – and can make life miserable for you and your staff .
As noted in item # 8 above ( “ Customer Premise Equipment ” ) , your subscriber will need either a modem to receive your wireless signal , or a Wi-Fi-enabled laptop if the sub is in range of one of your “ mesh ” nodes .
Modems are installed by hand and can sometimes require an additional outdoor antenna to get a sufficient signal .
This type of installation can run $ 800 ( $ 400 for the modem plus $ 400 for antenna , cabling , and labor ) .
Where the signal is stronger , an indoor modem can be placed near a window aimed toward the wireless access point ( WAP ) .
A cable is then run to plug into a desktop computer .
Total cost : $ 500 ( modem , cabling , and labor ) .
With mesh networking , a low - power node is added to either of the two installations described above .
The node then broadcasts a Wi -Fi signal up to several thousand feet .
That signal can then be picked up by anyone in the neighborhood with a Wi -Fi-enabled laptop .
Finding the optimum mix of modem and mesh subscribers is the goal of an efficient and high - performance wireless broadband network using current unlicensed frequencies .
The field of wireless broadband technology using unlicensed frequencies is evolving fast .
This summary is intended to provide a general and current snapshot of wireless broadband 's costs , performance , and potential .
EDITOR'S NOTE : “ Local Network Cookbook ” is a work - in - progress .
Your feedback will help guide and refine it .
Please send comments and questions to : localnetworks@main.nc.us
Clojure Decompiled
What actually does execute when you run a Clojure function ?
Notes from my talk at the Bay Area Clojure meetup , June 3 , 2009
I was looking for a way to make my understanding of Clojure 's code generation more concrete .
What actually does execute when you run a Clojure function ?
Disassembling the byte codes generated did not help too much , so I decided to decompile the byte code instead .
For example , here is the definition of addition , from clojure / core.clj :
( defn + " Returns the sum of nums . (+ ) returns 0 . " {:inline ( fn [ x y ] ` (. clojure.lang .Numbers ( add ~x ~y ) ) ) :inline-arities # {2}} ( [ ]
0 ) ( [ x ] ( cast Number x ) ) ( [ x y ] (. clojure.lang .
Numbers ( add x y ) ) ) ( [x y & more ] ( reduce + (+ x y ) more ) ) )
Then I used the excellent JD java decompiler , http://java.decompiler.free.fr/ , to see what it would produce .
Here is the corresponding code :
package clojure ; import clojure.lang .IFn ; import clojure.lang .Numbers ; import clojure.lang.RT ; import clojure.lang.RestFn ; import clojure.lang .Var ; public class _PLUS___3946 extends RestFn { public static final Object const__0 = Integer.valueOf(0 ) ; public static final Var const__1 = ( Var ) RT.var ( " clojure.core " , " cast " ) ; public static final Object const__2 = Class.forName(" java.lang.Number " ) ; public static final Var const__3 = ( Var ) RT.var ( " clojure.core " , " reduce " ) ; public static final Var const__4 = ( Var ) RT.var ( " clojure.core " , " + " ) ; public _ PLUS___3946 ( ) { super ( 2 ) ; } public Object doInvoke ( Object x , Object y , Object more ) throws Exception { x = null ; y = null ; more = null ; return ( ( IFn) const__3.get ( ) ).invoke(const__4.get ( ) , Numbers.add( x , y ) , more ) ; } public Object invoke( Object x , Object y ) throws Exception { x = null ; y = null ; return Numbers.add( x , y ) ; } public Object invoke( Object x ) throws Exception { x = null ; return ( ( IFn) const__1.get ( ) ).invoke ( const__2 , x ) ; } public Object invoke ( ) throws Exception { return const__0 ; } }
The __PLUS___3946 class extends RestFn , which is the base class used by functions that can take a rest arg .
Makes sense , because one of the functions in the defn does take a rest arg .
The rest of __PLUS___3946 consists of a number of constant initializers that happen at class load time , followed by a constructor , and four methods , each one corresponding to one of the overloaded functions in the ' +' defn .
The constructor calls ' super ( 2 ) ' which tells its super class constructor that there are at most 2 regular , ( non-variadic , ) args to these functions .
Clojure uses the name doInvoke ( ) for a method that takes a rest arg , and invoke ( ) for those that do n't .
Thus the four '+' functions map to one doInvoke ( ) and three invoke ( ) methods .
Note also that each method 's args map directly to those in the corresponding Clojure function .
The most interesting line in the class is this one , in the doInvoke ( ) method :
x = null ; y = null ; more = null ; return ( ( IFn) const__3.get ( ) ).invoke(const__4.get ( ) , Numbers.add( x , y ) , more ) ;
Let 's break it down a bit .
This portion :
x = null ; y = null ; more = null ;
seems wrong .
The method can't possibly null out the arguments before using them .
According to Rich Hickey , this is actually an artifact caused by the way the byte code is generated .
The purpose of this code is to null out the arguments to prevent ' holding the head ' in case of a recursive function call .
Because of the way the byte code is generated , the decompiler can't accurately know when the nulling out takes place ; it is definitely not happening at the beginning of the method .
The rest of the line :
return ( ( IFn) const__3.get ( ) ).invoke(const__4.get ( ) , Numbers.add( x , y ) , more ) ;
basically maps to this line in the defn :
( reduce + (+ x y ) more )
It 's a list with four elements .
The corresponding Java deals with each of the four .
This bit of Java gets the value of the first element , the ' reduce ' function :
const__3.get ( )
This gets the value of the second element , the ' +' function :
const__4.get ( )
The third element is '(+ x y ) ' .
Here we would have expected to see a call of the two parameter version of invoke ( ) .
Instead , we see this :
Numbers.add(x , y )
Looking at the '+' defn again we see that the two parameter version is actually inlined , explaining the direct invocation of Numbers.add ( ) here .
The fourth element , the ' more ' parameter , does n't need to be dereferenced , as it is already a valid java parameter passed in on the stack .
Finally , after all the parameters have been generated , the 3 parameter invoke method from the reduce function is called to generate the return value .
Not suprisingly , when I step through the code with a Clojure aware debugger , ( http://georgejahad.com/clojure/cljdb.html ,)
I see it behaving in exactly this way .
First , it steps into the get ( ) call for the ' reduce ' and '+' vars , then the Numbers.add ( ) call , and finally into the 3 parameter version of reduce .
I wo n't detail the rest of the invoke methods in the __PLUS___3946 class because they are fairly straight forward , but it 's worth taking a quick look at them to confirm they all work in an analogous fashion .
We mentioned yesterday that the Arizona State Undie Run 2009 was held this week and now there are photos thanks to the fine work of BC Special Assignment Editor Art McGregor .
Our buddy Don Chavez was complaining about all the dude photos from the event .
Art had specific guidelines : no fratty morons .
Chicks only .
That is nearly impossible to do as every single pimple - popping uber - gamer , beer pong player and fantasy baseball geek leaves the house to see chicks in their underwear .
Art managed to swim through the filthy testosterone fluid to discover these awesome shots .
Exuberant , ugly , energetic , funny and hated - Just a few keywords that describe this collection of German propaganda posters from the 20th Century .
Check out these 38 posters from 1905 to 1988 !
In the early 20th century , new philosophical currents mixed with a rapidly growing number of new sciences ( and pseudo - sciences ) and resulted in new ideologies , and the transformation of old ones .
Italian Filippo Marinetti published his Futurist Manifesto in 1909 , praising the cleansing properties of modern warfare and denouncing everything old .
In the troubled economic environment of the 1930s , it was fascism which would arise to become the most potent new ideology as a response to the apparent inability of capitalism and democracy to deal with the troubles of the time .
In this post , I present a small selection of aesthetically and historically interesting posters from Germany in the 20th century , with most of them coming from the Nazi era , 1933 - 1945 .
Some are terrific , others downright ugly .
Some are funny , others are frightening .
Nazi Germany is a touchy subject to say the least , but I hope people will be able to take this post for what it is , not an homage to Nazi propaganda , but a look at posters that are just as interesting graphically and historically as those I 've earlier presented from the United States and the Soviet Union .
Germany had been the cradle of many of the wacky avant - garde art movements that appeared around the turn of the century , and most importantly when it comes to posters , it was the birth - place of " Plakatstil " .
The word means " Poster style " and was a modern take on posters which would have a clear , fundamental influence on poster design until the end of World War II , and even beyond that .
Posters in this style would feature few but strong colours , a clean ( as in non-complex ) , minimal look and bold , clear types .
1 1905
1908
Poster # 1 is regarded as the first example of true Plakatstil .
Designed by Lucien Bernhard in 1905 , it won a poster competition for the Priester match company .
No fuzz or clutter , just the matches and their brand name on a black background .
The bright and clear colours would surely make it stand out among other posters competing for attention , advertising posters of the day were often no more than text on a large sheet of paper .
Continuing in the same style is poster # 2 , an advert for the Moslem brand of cigarettes from the Berlin - based Mahala - Problem cigarette factory .
If anyone can offer an explanation to the " Problem " bit of the factory name , I 'd be very grateful .
I 'm assuming there 's a good reason for appending such a negative word to their name .
World War I
The Germany that entered World War I was a culturally conservative and rather authoritarian society were the state played an essential role in industry .
Perhaps in part due to said conservative attitude , modern poster styles , as embodied in Plakatstil , did not make a clear breakthrough during the war , only partially .
German wartime posters are a mix of older , " natural " looking styles and more modern forms , not at all unlike what can be seen amongst other belligerents of the war .
Go on soldier !
And fulfill your duty !
Christ , the good shepherd watches over his flock .
Our Father in heaven , hallowed be your name , Your kingdom come , your will be done , on earth as in heaven .
The claim of divine support in war may be as old as war itself .
The crusaders thought they had it , all sides in the 30 - years war of the 17th century were sure they had it .
During World War II , an American poster from World War II presented the boxer Joe Louis stating that the allies would win because God was on their side , while German soldiers fought with belt buckles stating " Gott Mit Uns " ( " God is with us " )
Depicting it as it's done here however , is rather gutsy in my eyes , with Jesus himself personally blessing and watching over the soldiers as they ride on to the front .
This poster is clearly done in the style of a painting , a style that was still regularly to be seen at this time but would soon be displaced by more modern styles .
On ground level , you see a soldier , presumably German , cheering up at the sight of the two other figures .
Mounted on horse is the Emperor ( or " Kaiser " ) Wilhelm II , who reigned as the " strong man " in Germany from 1888 until his abdication in 1918 .
As in all images of him , the Kaiser concealed his left hand , which was damaged due a birth defect .
Protecting the emperor with her shield is a very masculine , slightly scary depiction of Germania , the female national personification of Germany .
Such personifications were apparently all the rage at the time , Britain had their Britannia , France had Marianne and the United States had both Lady Liberty and Colombia .
While all the heroic symbolism and nationalism in this poster is interesting , I can't help feeling this poster is something of a failure in the looks department ; rather than a beautiful , German woman , poor Germania looks positively transgendered !
Subscribe to the 7th war bonds - 1917
One long row of golden Marks ( German currency ) shielding German soldiers , to symbolize the value of your contribution if you help fund the war effort .
My reason for including this poster is not the excellence of its design , symbolism or message , but rather as an example of the prevailing style in poster design during the war .
It 's not merely a heap of text piled onto a piece of paper .
Nor is it the realistic looking paintings as seen in poster # 3 or the simplicity of the Plakatstil , but rather something in between .
The way people and items are portrayed is still fairly realistic , but the designers have changed their use of colours , going for a few , clear and expressive colours that are easier to print and give a strong visual impact .
Bolshevism brings war , unemployment and famine .
Association for conquering Bolshevism - 1918
Communism , both as an idea and as a potential military force based out of Russia , was a threat to just about every established power in the world , and the reaction from the great powers of the west was swift .
But as communist Russia ( or in other words , the Bolsheviks ) had withdrawn from the war in the previous year , soon after the revolution , it 's clear that this poster has little to do with the war as such , but rather fear of a new enemy that had risen in the east .
I must say I enjoy these kinds of depictions , all about making the enemy look as savage and brutal as possible , and this particular poster does an excellent job at that !
As an educational side note , it 's worth mentioning that Bolshevism and Communism are not one and the same thing .
During the Russian there were two " parties " , the Mensheviks and Bolsheviks .
The latter can be regarded as the hardliners amongst the two sides .
It was them who managed to take control of the revolution and put themselves at the reins of the new state .
Heroes from the front !
Home greets you !
You are heartily welcome !
- 1919
1919 was the year of the Versailles treaty which dealt with the treatment of Germany after the war , and this posters appears to have been produced after the war had ended .
Germany had to accept blame for the war occurring in the first place , huge war indemnities were to be paid and the size of the army was limited to 100 000 men .
It was the civil government that was forced to sign the treaty , which was highly unpopular in Germany , something which hurt the legitimacy of the whole democratic system in Germany in the years to come .
The army on the other hand , as is suggested by this poster , got through the treaty unscathed when it came to their standing in society .
The war veterans and the two leading generals , Hindenburg and Ludendorff , were seen as the great heroes .
While at first glance , this might seem like another take on the concept of a holy figure greeting the soldiers ( as in poster # 3 ) , this particular figure bears a remarkable similarity to the " Münchner Kindl " , a friar boy appearing in the city seal of the city of Munich , with roots as far back as the 13th century .
National Bauhaus Exhibition - 1923
Bauhaus was a highly influential school of art and design originally founded in the new capital of Germany after World War I , Weimar .
As this advertising poster clearly shows , it was part of the modernist movement of the day , and its supporters worked hard to spread a greater understanding and acceptance of Bauhaus and the modernist movement as a whole throughout the German people .
In the same year of the exhibition advertised here , Adolf Hitler made his first attempt at attaining power in Germany in the Munich Beer Hall Putsch .
Although it failed , it was the first sign of what was to come , and as will be shown later , it would mean the end for the early modernist movement in Germany .
The 1932 Elections
German politics after World War I was a real mess , especially in the early 30s .
The NSDAP ( the Nazi party ) used their paramilitary organization , the SA , to add to the chaos .
The SA were basically a thug organization that would attack the meetings of rivaling parties , and fight it out in the streets with communist gangs and other perceived enemies .
Effectively making themselves out as the solution of all Germany 's woes of the time , the Nazi party grew dramatically in the early 30s , though they never won a majority in a free election .
In 1932 , matters came to a head in a number of elections and political maneuvers that ended with the swearing in of Adolf Hitler as chancellor in January 1933 .
Hindenburg , the old war hero that was president of Germany at the time thought Hitler to be a puppet he could control himself .
He was sorely mistaken .
Below are a number of interesting political posters from 1932 .
9 Work - Bread -
Therefore , list 1
Hitler Builds - Choose list 1
Poster # 9 shows the head of an SA soldier surrounded by the words work and bread , alluring promises in a Germany by then in the depths of the global depression which started in the US in 1929 .
It 's a highly expressive poster , where the shadows in the soldiers face give him a terribly menacing look , though to me , it looks a bit over the top , keeping in mind this was designed as an enticing election poster , not a depiction of the enemy .
The Nazi take on the arts was a reactionary one , they promoted what they perceived to be specifically German in music , literature , painting , architecture and so on .
A great number of artists that they regarded as un -German or even degenerate were forbidden from working and teaching , their works confiscated by the state .
The modernist movement in Germany was effectively strangled by the Nazis , including the Bauhaus school which was closed in 1933 .
But when it came to propaganda posters , the Nazis seemed perfectly willing to break their own rules .
As illustrated especially well by poster # 10 , and many of the posters to come in this article , the Nazis willingly incorporated modernist ideas in their propaganda .
11 Enough ! - Elect Hitler
A front soldier will vote for Adolf Hitler !
12 : A front soldier earns his German citizenship .
All German front soldiers who , like Adolf Hitler , earned and proved their citizenship through blood and the risk of their lives .
Read the ' Völkischer Beobachter ' , the newspaper of their comrade Adolf Hitler .
Fight for the truth !
Death to the lie !
Each German man and woman will vote for Adolf Hitler !
The explosive poster # 11 is the work of one of propaganda minister Goebbels ' favorites when it came to propaganda , Hans Schweitzer , better known as Mjölnir .
He favored painting and drawing over the techniques seen in the previous two posters , and in this particular one , he is able to achieve an astonishingly energetic poster .
Hitler was born and raised in Austria , and as such , was not actually a native of the country in which he tried to be elected to rule .
But as poster # 12 claims , a soldier who fought at the front for a country would thus earn his citizenship , something Hitler did indeed do during World War I , fighting in the Bavarian portion of the German army .
Not until this year , 1932 , did Hitler get his official German citizenship .
In this overloaded poster , you see the first occurrence ( in this blog post ) of a variation of the Gothic typefaces which seems to have been wildly popular during the Nazi era , and which you will see much of in the coming posters .
Its widespread use seems strange to modern eyes , it 's ridiculously hard to read and I can only imagine the reactions of contemporary readability experts if someone were to use types like this today in all seriousness on a poster , on a website or the likes .
13 The workers have awakened - Choose the National Socialists [ The Nazis ]
14 Marxism is the patron saint of of Capitalism - Choose the National Socialists - List 1
I picked these two posters as examples of the ingenious way Nazi propaganda would mix and match their enemies so that they would eventually all seem like one big entity .
Poster # 13 shows a strong , alert German worker who wo n't let himself be fooled by the Marxist ( the guy with the red hat ) or the Jew whispering into his ear .
The next poster rather hilariously claim that Marxism and capitalism go hand in hand .
Here , Marxism is represented by a tall , skinny angel wearing an SPD hat ( the Social Democratic party ) , while capitalism is illustrated by the fat , Jewish banker , a popular stereotype in Nazi propaganda .
Together , these two posters yield some surprising conclusions , firstly that the Jews are the ones behind both Marxism and Capitalism , and that these two ideologies are in fact friends and allies .
The cold war suggests otherwise ...
On a side note , as was pointed out with regards to one of the posters in my previous post about Soviet propaganda , the Jewish banker is also to be found there , recognized by his " Jewish nose " and top hat .
It is indeed a character to be found in many Soviet posters , where he is usually a symbol of the menace of the United States and their capitalism .
Against Papen [ conservative ] , Hitler [ nazi ] , Thälmann [ communist ]
List 2 - The Social Democrats
I highly doubt the SPD of today would consider using imagery such as this in their campaigning .
Back then , social democrats tended to be the a lot more radical , with the SPD in particular being explicitly Marxist .
The imagery of this aggressive poster clearly supports that , with clenched red fists holding spears on a backdrop of even more red .
The names listed are the heads of rival parties in the election , conveniently symbolized by a crown , a swastika and a red star .
Its a kind of poster you would rather associate with the Soviet union than the rather benign social democrats and labor parties of today .
SA - In front - Approximately 1933
Poster # 16 is another depiction of a terrifying SA soldier , though unlike poster # 9 , this one does n't give off a feeling of being assaulted in a dark alley .
While the fascist elements are obvious , it 's still an excellent poster in my eyes , the highly angular style and the slightly glowing eyes all make for an impressive , if foreboding poster .
The level of discipline and training suggested in this poster is something that at least in Hitler 's eyes turned out to be lacking in the average SA member .
It was still the thuggish organization it had always been , which was becoming bad PR for Hitler , and he was fearing that the SA with its growing number was turning into a rival for power in Germany .
Thus , in a few days in June and July of 1934 , he had the leaders of the SA murdered , as well as many other rivals .
After 1934 , the SA dwindled into oblivion .
17
Both approximately 1935
Offering a nice break from the ever more sinister propaganda of the 30s are these two travel posters , focusing on the wonders of German technology .
Poster # 17 shows a number of sights on the journey from some US city , via Rio de Janeiro for some reason then onwards to Berlin and finally , Munich .
A pleasant looking advert , though a little cluttered for my taste .
I 'm not sure if the landscape in poster # 18 is supposed to be scenic , to me it looks utterly barren .
The landscape does n't seem to be the main focus here anyway , but rather the wonders of the German Autobahn ( freeway ) system .
The first section of the Autobahn was finished in 1935 , and due to it being one of Hitler 's favorite projects , it continued rapidly from there on until well into the war years .
They were the first of their kind in the world , and while nowadays , advertising something as common as a freeway might seem a bit strange , it was cutting edge and exciting at the time .
Approximately 1935
Looking rather like a wartime board game , this poster was designed to drive home to the German people the country 's intolerable military situation as dictated by the Versailles treaty of 1919 .
The treaty had limited the German army to 100 000 men and severely restricted the production and utilization of advanced military equipment such as airplanes , warships and tanks .
The poster convincingly illustrates how Germany is surrounded by countries with very few such limitations , and make them all out as enemies of Germany ( notice how all the soldiers and weapons are turned towards Germany ) .
It was in 1935 , around the printing of this poster , that Germany openly started to violate the treaty by rebuilding its navy , establishing the Luftwaffe ( Air Force ) , creating tank divisions and magnifying the number of soldiers in the armed forces .
Support the welfare organization " Mother and Child " - Approximately 1935
As in the other warring states of World War I , women had been brought into German factories to perform the work of the men who had gone off to the front .
And while women for the most part went back to their old roles after the war , in Germany , the Nazi regime explicitly promoted women 's primary role in society as housewives and the rearers of the next generation of Germans .
This idyllic poster shows this in a rural setting , contrasting the women 's role with that of her husband , seen in the background , tending the fields while the woman breastfeeds her child .
How much longer without colonies ?
- 1936 or later
Until the Treaty of Versailles , Germany had been one of the minor colonial powers in Africa .
From 1936 , the supporters of the reclamation of these colonies were organized into the " Reichskolonialbund " ( The National National Colonial Association ) which created this poster , showing how Germany is shut out with iron bars from the promises of Africa .
This movement never gained significant support in Germany , so the former colonies were never a prioritized goal in the coming war .
Hitler himself cared little for this , looking instead to the east , to Eastern Europe as the truly valuable areas for colonization .
German migration and " colonization " of Eastern Europe had been ongoing since the middle ages and large populations of Germans were to be found scattered throughout .
In the Nazi era , this drive , or longing for the east ( " Drang nach Osten " ) was seen as a primeval force , a natural right of the German people .
Thanks to the racial policies and " science " of the Nazi regime , the Slavic populations of Eastern Europe came to be seen as lesser people than the Germans , and thus were well suited to be ruled as slaves by a German upper -class .
Germany lives ! - From sometime in the 1930s
In all its pompous splendor , this is without a doubt one of the most fabulous posters of the Nazi era .
Combining the classic symbolism of the sun breaking through a stormy sky with the sight of a vigorous German people led by a firm and resolute Hitler , the poster is as subtle as a Tiger tank .
The kitschy oak - leaf framing is unnecessary though - this poster has no need for a petty frame to grab the viewers attention !
A notable element in this poster is the eagle descending from the sky , analogous to the dove which descended through upon Jesus as he was baptized , through " the heavens parting " .
The Nazi party made itself and its leader into a sort of national religion which partially displaced the various forms of Christianity observed in Germany , and in part due to this , the Nazi relationship to the church ( es ) was not always an easy one .
Greater Germany [ Vote ]
Yes !
On the 10th of April - 1938
In early 1938 , German troops marched unopposed into Austria and performed the " Anschluss " of the country ( roughly translates as annexation ) .
This poster was created in preparation of the plebiscite held on April 10th that year where Austrians were asked to decide whether they wished to be a part of a Greater Germany or remain independent .
The official results had 99.73 % of the voters supporting the former option .
24 Degenerate art
Degenerate music - Both 1938
As has been mentioned , Nazi cultural policy was strongly opposed to modernist art forms .
Inspired by the degeneracy theory of Max Nordau ( rather ironically a Jew and co-founder of the World Zionist Organization ) , they developed their own notion of degenerate ( " Entartete " ) art , or in other words , modernist art and works by Jewish artists .
And as always , the Jew was behind it all , working in the shadows to foul up the purity of German culture .
Poster # 24 shows that clearly enough , presenting a piece of modern sculpture with the likeness of a stereotypical , big - nosed Jew lurking in the background .
Likewise , in poster # 25 , the star of David on the lapel of the African - American jazz - musician hints at what is put forth explicitly in other posters of the time ; that Jews are the original inventors of degenerate Jazz music , while the African - Americans playing it are merely their tools .
These two posters were created in connection with a series of highly popular exhibitions that toured Germany , displaying various forms of degenerate art , usualy in a mocking manner .
The works featured had been confiscated from their creators or owners in the years since 1933 and included well known artists like Marc Chagall , El Lissitzky , and Max Ernst .
It 's worth noting that since Jazz was so popular in Germany at the time , it was not effectively banned until the start of World War II .
26 New People 1938 - Calendar for the office for race policy of the NSDAP
27 60 000 Reichsmarks is how much this mentally handicapped person will cost society throughout his life .
Citizens , this is your money too .
Read " New People " -
The monthly magazine of the office for race policy of the NSDAP - 1938
One can't help being taken in by the style in poster # 26 .
On the backdrop of wispy clouds and , the splashing of the sea and a wailing sea bird , you see an impossibly blonde , healthy and beautiful family relaxing in a rather theatrical manner .
It illustrates the accepted family hierarchy with the big strong man of the house towering above and protecting his wife , who on her part takes care of their child .
Looking beyond the style of the poster , the theme and ideology behind is less idyllic .
" Neues Volk " was a fairly widely circulated magazine promoting the Nazi version of " racial hygiene " , the pseudo - scientific notion that the German and related " nordic " races are destined to be rulers of the other inferior races of the world , due to the formers genetic superiority .
Poster # 26 shows a picture perfect aryan family , the new german people the Nazi party wanted .
The magazine concerned itself amongst other themes with the importance of Germans maintaining a high birthrate , the mentally disabled and advice against racial mixing , since the master race had to be kept genetically pure to retain its supremacy .
Unlike the first poster , in the second one there is n't even the slightest attempt at concealing the theme behind a pretty facade .
It 's one of the thematically most straight forward Nazi posters I 've seen , and it 's just as ugly as the idea behind it .
It was an attempt at justifying to the German public the killing of handicapted people , due to matters of economy and racial hygiene .
In what was known as the T4 program , between 200 000 and 250 000 disabled children , and later also adults , were killed in Germany and the occupied areas .
Due to widespread public opposition in Germany , the program officially ended in 1941 , but the killings continued in less systematic forms in Germany , and on a much larger scale in the east .
Your KdF Car - 1939
Designed in the 1930s by Ferdinand Porsche ( albeit heavily inspired by the Tatra T97 car ) , the Volkswagen , also known as the Beetle , was supposed to become the people 's car ( which is the meaning of the name ) in Nazi Germany .
Production had only just started when the war erupted in Europe in 1939 , and so the relatively few cars that were built were delivered to the military .
After the war , this simple , cheap and good looking little car became a massive success , with more than 20 million units built in a production run that did n't end until the year 2003 .
In this poster , a young couple is seen blissfully cruising through an alpine landscape in what is here referred to as a KdF - car .
They are presumably riding at high speed on one of the Autobahns being constructed at the time ( see poster # 18 ) .
World War II
The European stage of World War II erupted in September of 1939 with the German invasion of Poland .
In the year before , Germany had annexed Austria and the Sudetenland portion of Czechoslovakia .
The latter had been approved by France and the United Kingdom as part of the policy of appeasement where it was thought that German expansionist designs could be limited by more or less letting Germany have what it wanted .
UK prime minister Neville Chamberlain famously made a fool of himself when returning from the Munich conference where the annexation had been approved , he waved the deal signed with Hitler in the air and said :
" My good friends , for the second time in our history , a British Prime Minister has returned from Germany bringing peace with honour .
I believe it is peace for our time . "
The eternal Jew - 1940
An advertising poster for the best known German propaganda film aimed at the Jews .
In a type with a clear similarity to the Hebrew alphabet , the title " Der ewige Jude " ( The eternal Jew ) is spelled out , alluding to the eternal nature of the corruption of the Jews .
In the style of a documentary , the film contrast the laborious and moral German / Nordic race with the hedonistic , greedy and lazy Jews .
In the poster , this is symbolized by the content of the mans hands , money and what looks like a whip .
Seemingly slapped on top at the last minute is a map piece with the communist hammer and sickle , to make sure that the Bolshevik connection is n't forgotten .
30 Dutchmen - For your honour and conscience !
Against the Bolshevism - the Waffen - SS calls you !
Printed from the German occupation of the Netherlands in 1940 and onwards , the terrifyingly tough looking poster # 30 was aimed at recruiting Dutchmen as foreign legionaries in the Waffen - SS .
While fascism , racial hygiene and a number of other popular ideas in Germany at the time were also supported elsewhere in Europe , the fear of Bolshevism was what united Europe above all else .
Foreign Waffen - SS divisions were created for most occupied countries and large numbers of soldiers were recruited or coerced into service , and by the end of the war , 60 % of the Waffen - SS were foreigners .
Poster # 31 is without doubt one of the least successful propaganda posters presented here .
Printed in 1944 , its purpose was to recruit POW 's from Britain and its Commonwealth into German service .
It shows a British POW behind barbed wire , witnessing the flag of Britain marching victoriously ahead together with the German and Italian flags of the time .
Only a few hundred Britons were recruited for the " British Free Corps " and only one of them saw any fighting in the end .
32 Come north with us !
The Norwegian Ski Ranger Battalion
33 With the Waffen - SS and the Norwegian Legion against the common enemy ...
Against Bolshevism - 1940 onwards
Two Waffen - SS recruitment posters from my home country , Norway .
Here , as in the rest of Europe , it was the threat of communism that really scared people .
Not only did Norway have a common border with the Soviet Union , it also bordered Finland , which had been through a devastating communist - royalist civil war concurrently with the Russian revolution , and a series of brutal wars between Finland and the Soviet Union from 1939 onwards to 1944 .
Therefore , the fear of a communist revolution and / or a Soviet invasion was felt more vividly in Norway than elsewhere , something the Waffen - SS played on .
There 's an incredibly stern quality to these posters .
In poster # 32 , it 's got a lot to do with the decidedly merciless facial expression of the soldier upfront , but perhaps even more due to his skin colour .
He is not merely a man of flesh and bone , this guy is rock - solid , made of steel !
The next poster is a good deal less brutal in it 's look , showing a ( presumably ) German SS soldier welcoming a stereotypically blond Norwegian recruit .
The backdrop is a viking ship , a symbol popular in both Norway and Germany , and indeed , one of the SS divisions to which Norwegian recruits were sent was named " Wiking " .
34 Victory Or Bolschevism - 1943
1944
The pivotal battle of Stalingrad ended in early 1943 , and afterwards , German propaganda became less and less about imminent victory in the east , but rather about the Soviet threat to the very survival of Germany .
Poster # 34 is just that , created not long after Stalingrad .
To the left , a joyful , racially pure German mother and child , while on the right , the alternative , dreadful oppression under the Bolsheviks .
In addition to being ideologically astray , the decidedly ugly face of the Bolshevik serves to convince the viewer that they are also genetically inferior , as was stated by the official racial policy of the Nazi party .
The next poster was printed in several languages , this particular one was made for posting in the Netherlands in 1944 , where allied forces appeared in the second half of that year .
It shows how a huge American monster , composed of a lot of prominent American symbols , is trampling about in Europe , laying wreck to its old culture , presumably to replace it with inferior American culture .
I find this poster rather funny , I 'm quite simply impressed to see just how many American symbols the creator managed to cram into the poster , the KKK , a tommy gun , Jitterbug and so on .
The Norwegian language version of this poster had the words " Kultur - terror " printed at the top instead , meaning " Cultural terrorism " .
The enemy sees your light !
BLACKOUT ! - 1944-45
Riding on what appears to be a burning B - 26 bomber is death himself , throwing bombs at the poor sod who has been dumb enough to forget about his blackout curtains .
The Royal Air Force had been bombing Berlin since 1940 , but not until 1943 did widespread bombing of Germany take place .
When that happened however , it was ferocious , with the 1945 bombing of Dresden being particularly infamous .
100 years -
The communist manifesto - 1948
The war is over , we 're in the DDR ( GDR in English , aka .
East Germany ) and it's been 100 years since the famously bearded Germans Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels published the " Communist manifesto " .
This was of course a cause for celebration in the ostensibly Marxist DDR .
Quality - 1988
Jumping 40 years ahead , the final poster is another DDR issue .
It 's the 80s and graphic design of the time dictates ghastly colour combinations and hard , edgy shapes .
This particular poster is praising the raise in product quality of a factory which has started using computer technology in its production .
Related posts :
- An amazing website with a huge collection of all sorts of propaganda . - Bundesarchiv Picture database -
The online imagery database of the German National Archives , which holds huge amounts of photos , posters and other graphical documents of German history . -
Has a nice collection of interesting german propaganda links .
Stranded in the wilderness for days , your stomach audibly groans from hunger .
Foraging on plants or berries is n't an option because you do n't know what 's safe to eat .
Instead , you hunt .
Drawing on your dwindling energy , you manage to kill a rabbit .
Now , the only thing that matters is getting that sustenance into your body fast .
Building a fire and cooking could take more than an hour , so you contemplate eating it raw .
What 's the harm ?
Advertisement
Advertisement
Not so fast .
Sure -- in the wilderness , some normal rules of civilization do n't apply .
But when it comes to meat , you need heat .
If you want to maximize your chance of survival , the U.S. Armed Forces Survival Guide recommends cooking all wild game and freshwater fish because of the threat of bacteria or parasites .
Bacteria thrive and multiply between 40 and 140 degrees Fahrenheit ( 4 and 60 degrees Celsius ) .
That 's why you should cook meat until the internal temperature measures at least 150 degrees Fahrenheit ( 65 degrees Celsius ) to effectively break down the bacteria cells and prevent them from reproducing [ source : USDA ] .
You 're probably thinking :
If that 's true , then how have Eskimos and other indigenous groups survived eating raw fish meat over the years ?
And what about eating raw fish in dishes such as sushi ?
The difference is the salt water and the temperature of the meat .
Saltwater fish are safer to eat raw because the water actually helps to kill parasites and bacteria .
The salt in the water creates a hypertonic solution , where a higher concentration of salute ( salt ) exists outside of the bacteria cells than inside those cells .
To correct that imbalance , the bacteria cells release their water content through osmosis .
When they lose that water , they shrivel up and die .
In addition , when Eskimos eat raw whale and seal meat fresh , it has n't had time to breed more bacteria .
Cold temperatures below 40 degrees Fahrenheit ( 4 degrees Celsius ) also stop bacteria reproduction .
Sushi - grade fish , called sashimi , that people commonly eat raw has been frozen before use to help destroy any remaining bacteria .
In case of any lingering invaders , food safety guides do recommend heating all saltwater fish to more than 140 degrees Fahrenheit ( 60 degrees Celsius ) .
Are these cooking precautions merely empty threats ?
Next up , we 'll take the microscope to the meat and see what potential dangers exist .
For decades there ’s been a war between zealous users of various editors .
The truth is , though , that it is completely unfair to compare editors such as vi , Textmate , or BBedit with Emacs .
Why is it unfair ?
Emacs is n’t an editor , it is a programming environment .
Today I want to share an example just how powerful this distinction is .
It ’s better to compare Emacs to Smalltalk .
It has a very small core written in C , but almost all of the functionality you think of as Emacs is written in Emacs Lisp .
Emacs is really just a Lisp interpreter with a lot of primitives built in for shuffling text around on the screen .
This has a lot of awesome implications for people who want to build tools for programming .
For example , some people like to have a window pane that shows them the file structure of their project .
Textmate does this .
With nav you can have that in Emacs .
However , it always puts the navigation on the left - hand side of the frame .
One of my co-workers wanted his nav to show up on the right - hand side .
So I started by typing C-h k nav RET and that brought up the help for the function nav which puts the navigation buffer on the screen .
( defun nav ( ) " Run nav - mode in a narrow window on the left side . " ( interactive ) ( if ( nav - is - open ) ( nav- quit ) ( delete - other - windows ) ( split - window - horizontally ) **( other - window 1 ) ** ( ignore - errors ( kill - buffer nav - buffer - name ) ) ( pop - to - buffer nav - buffer - name nil ) ( set- window - dedicated - p ( selected - window ) t) ( nav- mode ) ( when nav - resize - frame - p ( nav- resize - frame ) ) ) )
A quick terminology note .
In Emacs - speak , operating - system windows are called frames .
A frame can be split into multiple windows .
Doing the same for some of the other functions ( split - window - horizontally , other - window , pop - to - buffer ) , I was able to determine what this function was doing .
The call to split - window - horizontally leaves the right - hand window active , so the call to other - window hops back to the left - hand window ( but only because all windows were deleted before the split ) .
Then from there on out , everything assumes that it ’s in that left - hand window and alters its behavior .
So , all we need to do is delete the line I bolded above and it should work .
Because this is Lisp , I just copy the whole function into a buffer called * scratch * , make my edit , and evaluate the code .
So , now when I type M-x nav RET I call my new function that does not call other - window .
Sure enough , it shows up on the right - hand side .
However , I do not want to duplicate all the rest of that code .
Emacs has an awesome facility to assist me , and it ’s called defadvice .
; ; ; ; ;;;;
To launch nav on left side : M-x nav RET ;; ; ; ; ;;;
To launch nav on right side : C-u M-x nav RET ( defadvice other - window ( around other - window - nop ) ) ( defadvice nav ( around prefix - nav ) ( if current - prefix - arg ( ad- activate - regexp " other - window - nop " ) ) ( unwind - protect ad - do - it ( ad- deactivate - regexp " other - window - nop " ) ) ) ( ad- activate - regexp " prefix- nav " )
This is essentially monkey - patching by another name .
When I activate this advice it gets called instead of the function it ’s advising , then at the point I call ad - do - it , the original function ( and any previously defined advice ) gets called .
In the above code , I have two pieces of advice .
One simply turns other - window into a no- op , and the other turns that on and off , but only if you use the universal prefix .
You can do this for any function in the system .
Even the functions that get called when you hit individual keys .
That is why Emacs is so powerful .
It ’s not an editor , it ’s an environment .
One of the oldest human preoccupations is star - gazing .
But although the study of astronomy is not usually associated with Indigenous Australians , a growing body of opinion suggests they were probably the first to seriously study the patterns of the planets and their connection to events on earth .
Michael Arndt is a man of matchsticks .
Over the course of six years , using 956,000 matchsticks , 1686 tubes of glue , and at least three different varieties of mustache , he built a full - scale replica of a McLaren 4/14 F1 car , at a cost of around 6000 Euros ( $ 8,725 ) .
The giant model takes up Arndt ’s entire kitchen and probably his social life .
It can be broken down into 45 parts for easy transport to various matchstick - builders conventions .
source : here
Haizhu Bridge has been targeted by would - be suicide jumpers A man threatening to commit suicide by jumping from a Chinese bridge was approached by a passer - by who shoved him over the edge , local media say .
Lai Jiansheng , 66 , said he was fed up with the desperate man's " selfish activity " which caused huge traffic jams in Guangzhou , southern China .
Chen Fuchao fell 26ft ( 8 m ) on to an air cushion and is recovering in hospital , the official Xinhua news agency said .
Xinhua said Mr Lai was " taken away by police " , but gave no further details .
The drama unfolded when Mr Chen climbed on to Haizhu Bridge in Guangzhou on Thursday and threatened to jump .
' Debt worries '
He told police he wanted to kill himself because he was 2 m yuan ( $ 293,000 or £ 184,000 ) in debt following a failed construction project , the China Daily reported .
Traffic around the bridge was stopped for five hours while officers tried to coax Mr Chen to safety .
Retired soldier Mr Lai at first volunteered to try to talk Mr Chen down but was turned away by police , Xinhua said .
Mr Lai is said to have then broken through the police cordon , climbed to where Mr Chen sat , greeted him with a handshake - and then pushed him off the edge .
Pictures in the China Daily show him saluting to the crowd after Mr Chen fell on to the partially filled emergency air cushion .
" I pushed him off because jumpers like Chen are very selfish , " the newspaper quoted Mr Lai as saying .
" Their action violates a lot of public interests .
They do not really dare to kill themselves .
Instead , they just want to raise the relevant government authorities ' attention to their appeals . "
Mr Chen is said to have suffered spine and elbow injuries and is recovering in a Guangzhou hospital .
The bridge has gained a macabre reputation , attracting at least 12 would - be suicide jumpers since the start of April , according to the China Daily report .
None of the 12 has jumped , although each has held up traffic for several hours , it said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
GHC Status May 2009
The last six months have been busy ones for GHC .
The GHC 6.10 branch
We finally released GHC 6.10.1 on 4 November 2008 , with a raft of new features we discussed in the October 2008 status report .
A little over five months later we released GHC 6.10.2 , with more than 200 new patches fixing more than 100 tickets raised against 6.10.1 .
We hoped that 'd be it for the 6.10 branch , but we slipped up and 6.10.2 contained a couple of annoying regresssions ( concerning Control - C and editline ) .
By the time you read this , GHC 6.10.3 ( fixing these regressions ) should be out , after which we hope to shift all our attention to the 6.12 branch .
The new build system
Our old multi-makefile build system had grown old , crufty , hard to understand .
And it did n't even work very well .
So we embarked on a plan to re-implement the build system .
Rather than impose the new system on everyone immediately , Ian and Simon ( Marlow ) did all the development on a branch , and invited others to give it a whirl .
Finally , on 25 April 2009 , we went " live " on the HEAD .
The new design is extensively described on the wiki .
It still uses make , but it is now based on a non-recursive make strategy .
This means that dependency tracking is vastly more accurate than before , so that if something should be built it will be built .
The new build system is also much less dependent on Cabal than it was before .
We now use Cabal only to read package metadata from the < pkg >. cabal file , and emit a bunch of Makefile bindings .
Everything else is done in make .
You can read more about the design rationale on the wiki .
We also advertised our intent to switch to Git as our version control system ( VCS ) .
We always planned to change the build system first , and only then tackle the VCS .
Since then , there has been lots of activity on the Darcs front , so it 's not clear how high priority making this change is .
We 'd welcome your opinion ( email ghc-devs@haskell.org ) .
The GHC 6.12 branch
The main list of new features in GHC 6.12 remains much the same as it was in our last status report .
Happily , there has been progress on all fronts .
Parallel Performance
Simon Marlow has been working on improving performance for parallel programs , and there will be significant imporovements to be had in 6.12 compared to 6.10 .
In particular
There 's an implementation of lock - free work - stealing queues , used for load - balancing of sparks and also in the parallel GC .
Initial work on this was done by Jost Berthold .
The parallel GC itself has been tuned to retain locality in parallel programs .
Some speedups are dramatic .
The overhead for running a spark is much lower , as sparks are now run in batches rather than creating a new thread for each one .
This makes it possible to take advantage of parallelism at a much finer granularity than before .
There is optional " eager - blackholing " , with the new - feager - blackholing flag , which can help eliminate duplicate computation in parallel programs .
Our recent ICFP submission Runtime Support for Multicore Haskell describes all these in more detail , and gives extensive measurements .
Things are n't in their final state yet : for example , we still need to work on tuning the default flag settings to get good performance for more programs without any manual tweaking .
There are some larger possibilities on the horizon too , such as redesigning the garbage collector to support per-CPU independent GC , which will reduce the synchronization overheads of the current stop - the - world strategy .
Parallel Profiling
GHC 6.12 will feature parallel profiling in the form of ThreadScope , under development by Satnam Singh , Donnie Jones and Simon Marlow .
Support has been added to GHC for lightweight runtime tracing ( work originally done by Donnie Jones ) , which is used by ThreadScope to generate profiles of the program 's real - time execution behaviour .
This work is still in the very early stages , and there are many interesting directions we could take this in .
Data Parallel Haskell
Data Parallel
Haskell remains under very active development by Manuel Chakravarty , Gabriele Keller , Roman Leshchinskiy , and Simon Peyton Jones .
The current state of play is documented on the wiki .
We also wrote a substantial paper Harnessing the multicores : nested data parallelism in Haskell for FSTTCS 2008 ; you may find this paper a useful tutorial on the whole idea of nested data parallelism .
The system currently works well for small programs , such as computing a dot product or the product of a sparse matrix with a dense vector .
For such applications , the generated code is as close to hand written C code as GHC 's current code generator enables us to be ( i.e. , within a factor of 2 or 3 ) .
We ran three small benchmarks on an 8 - core x86 server and on an 8 - core UltraSPARC T2 server , from which we derived two comparative figures : a comparison between x86 and T2 on a memory - intensive benchmark ( dot product ) and a summary of the speedup of three benchmarks on x86 and T2 .
Overall , we achieved good absolute performance and good scalability on the hardware we tested .
Our next step is to scale the implementation up to properly handle larger programs .
In particular , we are currently working on improving the interaction between vectorised code , the aggressively - inlined array library , and GHC 's standard optimisation phases .
The current main obstacle is excessively long compile times , due to a temporary code explosion during optimisation .
Moreover , Gabriele started to work on integrating specialised support for regular multi-dimensional arrays into the existing framework for nested data parallelism .
Type system improvements
The whole area of GADTs , indexed type families , and associated types remains in a ferment of development .
It 's clear that type families are jolly useful : many people are using them even though they are only partially supported by GHC 6.10 .
( You might enjoy a programmers - eye - view tutorial Fun with type functions that Oleg , Ken , and Simon wrote in April 2009 . )
But these new features have made the type inference engine pretty complicated , and Simon PJ , Manuel Chakravarty , Tom Schrijvers , Dimitrios Vytiniotis , and Martin Sulzmann have been busy thinking about ways to make type inference simpler and more uniform .
Our ICFP '08 paper
Type checking with open type functions was a first stab ( which we subsequently managed to simplify quite a bit ) .
Our new paper ( to be presented at ICFP'09 ) Complete and decidable type inference for GADTs tackles a different part of the problem .
And we are not done yet ; for example , our new inference framework is designed to smoothly accommodate Dimitrios 's work on FPH : First class polymorphism for Haskell ( ICFP'08 ) .
Other developments
Now that everyone and their grandmother have at least two cores , you can double the efficiency by distributing the workload .
However , multithreading support in pure shell scripts is terrible , even though you often do things that can take a while , like encoding a bunch of chip tunes to ogg vorbis :
mkdir ogg for file in *. mod do xmp -d wav -o - " $ file " | oggenc -q 3 -o " ogg/$file.ogg " done
This is exactly the kind of operation that is conceptually trivial to parallelize , but not obvious to implement in a shell script .
Sure , you could run them all in the background and wait for them , but that will give you a load average equal to the number of files .
Not fun when there are hundreds of files .
You can run two ( or however many ) in the background , wait and then start two more , but that ’ll give terrible performance when the jobs are n’t of roughly equal length , since at the end , the longest running job will be blocking the other eager cores .
Instead of listing ways that wo n’t work , I ’ll get to the point : GNU ( and FreeBSD ) xargs has a - P for specifying the number of jobs to run in parallel !
Let ’s rewrite that conversion loop to parallelize
mod2ogg ( ) { for arg ; do xmp -d wav -o - " $arg " | oggenc -q 3 -o " ogg/$arg.ogg " -; done } export -f mod2ogg find .
- name '*. mod ' - print0 | xargs - 0 -n 1 - P 2 bash -c ' mod2ogg " $@ " ' --
And if we already had a mod2ogg script , similar to the function just defined , it would have been simpler :
find .
- name '*.mod ' - print0 | xargs - 0 -n 1 - P 2 mod2ogg
Voila .
Twice as fast , and you can just increase the - P with fancier hardware .
Description
Build a bridge and test your consctruction skills .
Help your workers to collect items located on the other side of valley .
Become a number one of the leader board .
Build a bridge using your mouse and available budget .
When it is done click " Test your bridge " .
Your workers will use it to get items located at the other side of valley , and bring them back to the shop .
Your goal is to collect all items in level .
For each level you have limited budget .
All money that you wo n't use , become your score , so cheaper bridge = higher score .
Money collected in all levels of game will be your total score and will be sent to leader board .
You will use those money in challenge mode too .
Building tips :
* There are two types of bridge elemets : " walk " - workers can step on them , " connectors " - used only to connect elemets of the bridge , workers do not collide with them .
* " Connector " elements are cheaper and lighter so use them as much as you can
* Each type of item have different weight and some of them will need stronger bridge then others .
* At the begining of game only wood elements of bridge are available .
In further levels , aditional materials will be accessible also , so use them wisely .
Wang Jue was going through a difficult time in her life , feeling distraught and powerless .
She connected with cameraman Li Yuejun and together they committed an extremely sadistic act , unforgivable and senselessly violent .
William Gibson says the " The street has its own use for things . "
The Internet decided that Yuejun and Jue would pay .
There is a new movement being fueled by emotions ranging from revulsion to rage pulsing through the veins of the internet .
It ’s a 21st century update to the old school lynch mobs .
Thousands have joined in and believe it ’s an efficient way to make criminals answer to the netizens .
With three billion Internet users , attempts to hide will only add thrill to the chase .
With all eyes fixed to computer screens , people all over the world watch in fascination as this force continues to define itself .
It is called " ren rou sou suo " .
The phrase is Chinese and can be translated directly as " human flesh hunting " or " human flesh search engine " .
It simply means an Internet search that is being powered by people with retribution and people ’s justice on their minds .
The case involving Li Yuejun and Wang Jue is the best known example of this phenomenon to date .
In a video that was widely distributed in February of 2006 , Wang Jue holds a tiny grey kitten in her hands as she gazes at it lovingly .
The cat makes soft meowing noises as she places it on the ground and with her gold tone high heels she impales the kitten ’s head through the eye socket .
The kitten cries out in pain .
The scene continues until the skull is stomped and the kitten is silenced with death in a pool of blood .
China does n’t have clear laws against animal cruelty .
But the netizens of China did n’t need any laws to support them when they condemned the women , now named " Kitten Killer of Hangzhou . "
Shortly after the video was uploaded , enraged masses mobilized online to find her .
Traditional media was then alerted and joined in the hunt .
Less than a week later , volunteer cyber sleuths were able to discover her location by analyzing the background of the video .
Then they matched the shoes worn in the video to an online purchase .
With this information they uncovered her identity and address .
These details were posted online and she was attacked with thousands of phone calls and threats .
She was mercilessly shamed , lost her job , and was forced to post a video apology online where she acknowledged her actions and asked for forgiveness .
There have been several other incidents in China where the human flesh search engines have had a major impact on the lives of their target , raising new questions about our rights as individuals .
A foul - mouthed girl called Gao Qianhui posted a video blog ( vlog ) of a rant in which she mocked the suffering of Sichuan earthquake victims even as over a billion fellow Chinese citizens mourned .
The vlog was posted on almost all major Chinese discussion forums ..
Almost instantly , Gao became hunted .
Her personal details were discovered and after they were made public , one netizen ordered " Now humiliate her ! "
She was held in police custody for three days on charges of endangering public stability .
In August of 2008 , a man named Wang Fei was cheating on his wife , Jiang Yan .
While her husband vacationed with his mistress , she blogged about her emotional pain and then leapt 24 stories to her death .
The entries were then circulated and the netizens decided that Jiang Wang should be avenged .
The human flesh search engine again assembled and combined efforts to find out Wang Fei ’s personal details .
He was bombarded with calls to his home and office and received hundreds of threats .
Slogans were painted on his door such as " Blood must be repaid with blood . "
He was forced to resign from his position as a high profile executive at the Saatchi & Saatchi advertising agency in Beijing .
It has been suggested that this recent rise in online vigilantism was unique to China , partially because so many involved are educated but underemployed .
For thousands of years , China was the source of social innovations , and with the world ’s biggest crowds and a new focus on crowdsourcing " justice " ; China may again have generated a civilization - wide advance in governance .
It is becoming apparent that the idea virus has scaled the Chinese Wall to move , pitchforks and torches held aloft , across the oceans to infect other netizens , including those in the United States .
Dusty is a short hair cat from Lawton , Oklahoma .
On February 15 , 2009 , he was picked up by a boy in a mask and repeatedly slammed against the wall .
As Dusty caterwauled , the boy shouted , " I hate you and you hate me ! " while his brother recorded it all on video .
The video was posted online .
The response was fierce and furious .
Thousands posted about it on bulletin boards and spread the disturbing footage .
By carefully observing the background details in the video , the footage was linked to a boy named Kenny Glenn .
The uproar grew online and reached into Kenny ’s town , school and home .
Dusty was rescued and the boys were taken into custody .
Other videos of animal abuse were discovered in their home .
It was less than 24 hours from the time the video was uploaded to the time the boys were in custody .
Netizens are the new Jack Bauer .
For these particular animals , the ordeal has ended and they can be thankful to the netizens .
But for the boys responsible for their abuse , this is just the beginning .
Comanche County Sheriff Kenny Stradley says the boys will face criminal charges .
And here ’s the shocker :
It was less than 24 hours from the time the video was uploaded to the time the boys were in custody .
Netizens are the new Jack Bauer .
Human flesh search engines are painting digital bull ’s - eyes on the backs of increasingly powerful people .
Even government officials like Chen Hua , Deputy Director of the Internet News Management Department of the Beijing Internet Propaganda Management Office , are targets .
An anonymous author posted an article in January of 2009 .
He said that his daughter is a personal associate of Mr. Chen .
According to the author , Chen told her , " The netizens ’ freedom of expression is given by me [ Chen Hua ] .
I give them as much as I please . "
This news has been widely distributed and China ’s netizens are clearly outraged .
The article has been spread , linked , blogged about and widely discussed .
The human flesh search engine discovered his personal information and offered it up to the masses to do with it what they please .
The attacks continue even now .
Inside of China , many posts regarding Mr. Chen have been removed and searches that include his name and position are being blocked .
However , none of the efforts to silence the news have been successful .
Netizens quickly redirected their information via Twitter , social networking sites , private email and chat programs .
It ’s become a new Internet arms race , search and destroy engines vs. senior officials .
If Mr. Chen goes down , few will feel comfortable taking his job .
The search and destroy playbook will have been written .
Let ’s hope that human flesh search engines will have a collective intelligence that does n’t too much resemble the witch burnings and mob lynchings of the past .
Gao Qianhui was attacked for expressing her point of view — however reprehensible it may be .
Her life will be changed forever by this incident .
On the other hand , Chen Hua was targeted for trying to limit freedom of expression .
Fortunately , human flesh search engines do n’t end the lives of their victims , like the witch - hunts or lynching of the past .
We will not know for some time how these cyber - hunts will shape the future of our privacy , freedom of speech and sense of justice and security .
But there is no doubt that these cases are just the beginning a vast social change taking place right now .
What we can see from these incidents is that the flow of information will no longer be controlled and that the power of public outrage will not easily be quelled .
Kitten Killer of Hangzhou and her cameraman will walk away from their brutal act ..
An apology is hardly appropriate recompense for the death of the tiny tortured feline .
But these small stories will remain a part of our collective human memory and help guide the decisions of future societies , because the Internet does not forget , does not forgive and cannot be stopped .
Ever .
In the game of Chess , tactics can be used for anything and everything that will ultimately lead to a favorable position in the short term and help us in finally achieving the goal of saying checkmate to the opponent .
In this series of articles , we have been looking at the different aspects of tactics .
Tactics , in most cases , is required in almost all types of situations .
More so in circumstances where the position is very bleak and unfavorable .
Tactics sometimes has to be employed out of despair to overcome the unfavorable position .
Let us try to explore the effectiveness of tactics that was carried out out of desperation .
Take a look at the following diagram depicting the position after 42 moves of white and Black to make the move .
Black to Move
A quick look at the positions of the pieces reveals the following :
The pawn structure of White pieces is well developed while the black pawns have weaknesses
The passed pawn at c5 is well placed and the rooks at a4 and b2 will exert pressure on black ’s double pawn structure at a6 and a7 , if Black takes no efforts .
White Knight at c3 is unduly exerting pressure on black pawn at d5
Additionally , the black knight at f6 is passively supporting the pawn at d5 , in that it cannot move from that place .
The following diagram can best explain this situation :
This is one ideal situation where the Black , placed in a highly precarious situation , need to come up with some sort of tactics to change the position and do something that will help him gain an upper hand over the opponent .
What are the options available for Black at this position ?
Take a closer look at the white pieces once again .
The White king is placed at f2 .
All the other major and minor pieces are placed on the Queenside .
So , if any move is made to attack the King , then it will be difficult for the White o react as most of its pieces are on the Queenside .
Now , what can Black do now ?
It can either move the pawn at g5 to g4 to disturb the pawn structure and open the “ f ” file , if white pawn at f3 captures black pawn at g4 .
What are the other options available ?
A check on White King using Knight at f6 is one possibility .
What will happen if black gives the check by moving the Knight to g4 – Ng4 + ?
The white pawn at f3 can capture the Knight at g4 – fxg4 .
If that happens , the Black ’s game is opened up and it might think of giving a check by moving the Rook at e6 to f6 .
Then White King has two options – either move to g3 or g1 .
If King moves to g3 , the second rook at e7 can be moved to e3 to give a check to King on g3 .
What does this move do ?
The White ’s Knight is pinned .
See that how the things begin to happen .
In case White king moves to g1 instead of g3 , the position will be much easier for Black – a Check by rook at e7 to e1 would be curtains for White .
Can you visualize how the things unfold out of nothing by a single move ?
This is what tactics is all about .
Having evaluated all these possible options , Black decided to move the Knight , to g4 to give a check on White King at f2 .
42 . ….. Ng4 +
In response to the Black Knight ’s threat with a check , the White , having evaluated all the possible options , decided to move the King to g3 .
43 . Kg3 ……
What should the Black do now ?
By moving the Knight , which is passively defending the black pawn at d5 , the pawn at d5 is exposed .
The Knight is also at threat now from white pawn at f3 and King at g3 .
There is no possibility for giving check on White King .
The Black moved the Knight at g4 to e3
43 . …. Ne3
And the position at the end of the 43rd move is as follows :
This is a tactic employed by Black , which helped it to convert its weak position to one of strength .
Can you visualize how it has been achieved ?
Look at the following diagram :
The Black Knight , which was passively defending the pawn at d5 from f6 is now at e3 , at a very active state , while at the same time supporting the pawn at d5 .
The black can move the pawn at f7 to f5 and then f4 to harass the White King .
The Knight at e3 can also harass the White King by capturing the white pawn at g2 .
This is what tactics is all about .
It need not be a grand plan .
But a series of small moves , two or three that alters the course of the game .
In this case , the weak location of the black pieces has been transformed to one of strength by a simple tactical move .
By the way , the Black went on to win the game after a series of moves , as given hereunder .
44 . h3 f5
45 . Kf2 f4
46 . Rab4 Kf7
47 . Rb8 a5
48 . R8b7 a4
49 . Rxe7 + Rxe7
50 . Ra2 Rb7
51 . Ke2 Rb3
52 . Nxa4 Nf5
53 . Kf2 Nxd4
54 . Rd2 Rb4
55 . Nc3 Ke6
56 . Ne2 Nb3
57 . Rc2 Rc4
58 . Ra2 a5
White resigned accepting the defeat .
Manushi Bhattarai ( left ) .
Ben Peterson interviewed Manushi Bhattarai .
She is part of the Maoist team that won student elections at Tribhuvan University -- Nepal 's largest university .
Peterson is in Nepal reporting for Australia 's leading socialist newspaper Green Left Weekly and for his blog Lal Salam ( where this interview first appeared ) .
* * *
Ben Peterson :
Thanks for meeting with me .
The All Nepal National Independent Student Union ( Revolutionary ) ( ANNISU ( R ) ) won the student elections at Tribhuvan University .
What did the campaign involve , and what are some of your policies as a revolutionary student union ?
Manushi Bhattarai :
The student union elections were a very historically important process for our organisation and for the Maoist party [ the Unified Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) ] .
There have been student elections for many years , but for some time the revolutionary student movement has not been able or allowed to participate .
We were banned .
Also we did not look at these elections simply from the point of view of elections to student representative bodies but as part of the whole ongoing political process in Nepal .
So in those terms , we had a real breakthrough .
We were not contesting for offices as such , but linking student struggles to the political process .
While we were campaigning we always had this in mind .
We campaigned around the issues , but also around the entire education system across the country .
And in these terms it all came back to the political issues that our party has been addressing for many years now .
I think we were successful in spreading our message to the other students .
We were coming back into open student politics after a long time .
We were new faces , with a new agenda .
People knew about our commitment and the gains our party has been able to make during the People 's War .
People can actually see the gains , we are the Republic of Nepal .
Can you elaborate a little bit on this political process and the role of students within it ?
As you know , the People 's War was initiated in 1996 and since its beginning students were at the forefront of the revolutionary process .
Many thousands of students have sacrificed their education and their lives .
They left their homes , their families to participate in the revolution .
In those terms , whether it was with the People 's Liberation Army or in our party organisation , students have been playing key roles in all fields .
In terms of the student organisation it has been in an interesting position .
In the schools we were able to maintain our own committees and continued our organisational work .
We took up agendas and fought for them , and on certain campuses we have been very successful .
We especially try to work on the public institutions .
In Nepal there is unequal education .
Public institutions are in a very bad condition , but this is where poor people , people from rural areas , or people from marginalised groups must go to study .
These areas are where our student organisation is focusing .
At a national level , we have been addressing how we should move towards ending the privatisation of education and empowering the public institutions .
This is all linked up with the social economic reality of Nepal , and pulling Nepal away from feudalism .
Uprooting the old system .
The UCPN ( M ) - led government has been overthrown by the unconstitutional actions of the president , and a new government has been formed by Madhav Kumar Nepal from the UML [ Communist Party of Nepal ( United Marxist - Leninist ) ] .
Has this disrupted the political process and your plans for education ?
Of course !
This is disrupting everything .
It needs to also be analysed in the context of the political process .
With the coming of Madhav Kumar Nepal , the people now understand this government exists as a puppet government only , backed by certain forces which do not want the Maoists to be successful in implementing revolutionary programs and policies .
Since this is a puppet government , it is aimed at pushing back the Maoists , what they have achieved , and trying to get them to go back to the people 's war in Nepal .
There are those that would like Nepal to become like another Sri Lanka .
It is all simply against our agenda , it is against making public institutions a better place , against having an equal education for all , in a way that people from all regions of Nepal can have a primary and secondary education in their own language , as they want and according to their own priorities and the necessities of Nepal , not in a way that is determined by and dependant on private institutions .
So eventually , a person like Madhav Kumar Nepal -- or any other person , it 's not about a new person becoming prime minister -- but anyone who comes to power in this way is bound to backtrack on our revolutionary policies .
In the education sector it will mean re-empowering the private sector .
The Maoist government had started to gain some control over the private education sector , through a new tax policy .
The new government will backtrack on this .
The new government is made up of 22 parties and does n't have the support of the party that won the elections -- how long can it last ?
There is no basis for this government to exist for any significant time .
The way it has been formed is without any coherent agenda or program or common ground .
For a government to be formed it should have some sort of common political ideal that is binding .
For these parties it is like some invisible hand is holding them together .
How long it will last , I do n't know .
In the Constituent Assembly , when Koirala ( of the bourgeois Nepali Congress ) proposed M.K Nepal as the prime minister , you could clearly see problems already .
All the parties came forward to support the new government , but all of them had ifs , buts , and maybes .
All the parties came forward with their own baggage and agenda , which can be very different from what the UML stands for .
So it is like some invisible hand is holding them together and it can't last long .
There is no common agenda , policy , ideology -- except for the one reason , which seems to be to " teach the Maoists a lesson " .
Time will tell how this all pans out .
So now there is this contradiction between the direction of the government and the aspirations of the people , as we saw in the People 's War , the Jana Andolan and in the national election results .
How will this struggle between the revolution and the status quo be played out ?
The whole thing is about contradictions , that 's what justifies us , our party .
That 's why we waged the People 's War , and we have not abandoned the People 's War .
There is a continuation of the same process and struggle we started more than 12 years ago with the People 's War .
We have made some achievements , and we need to sustain those .
We need to always keep in mind the international situation , the national situation , we need Marxism - Leninism - Maoism and need to be thinking about what that means in the 21st - century world .
We need to keep all this in mind and we are faced with what is definitely a very challenging situation .
We have all these radical agendas , and that 's how we have been able to mobilise so many people , the whole country , and now we have to do so once again .
We have worked with forces that are status quoist , that still have an attachment to feudalism , still have a tendency to look to expansionists and imperialists .
This was to do away with the monarchy in Nepal and make Nepal a Democratic Republic .
That was what the process was about .
Now Nepal is a republic , and this is a big thing .
Sometimes people forget that Nepal is now a republic and minimise the significance of it , but this is a big achievement , keeping in mind the history of Nepal .
Having said that , now we must move ahead .
Just because the monarchy is gone does n't mean feudal elements have all been uprooted .
That is the situation right now .
We have removed the monarchy , and to do that we had some kind of alliance with what are status quo forces , so I guess now there is a huge challenge for out party .
Now what ?
Where do we go from here ?
For us it is still a fight to establish a democratic republic for establishing a socialist system in Nepal .
We have to be oriented towards socialism , our party has said very clearly that we are oriented to socialism .
For this we have waged the whole struggle for the sovereignty of the people of Nepal .
The army issue was never about one General Katawal , it was all about the sovereignty of Nepal .
For Nepal , right now , the challenge is to fight with the status quo forces and externally fight against expansionist and imperialist forces .
As I said , there are many fronts , there are many challenges , but challenges always come with possibilities .
So we are confident .
We have had many fronts , the People 's War was one front we fought on , this is just another .
You mentioned the international situation .
It is a very difficult situation for a revolution , there is no more USSR , and China has abandoned the socialist revolution .
So what do you make of the international situation ?
In particular , are you looking to Latin America , where there are revolutions also happening ?
Our party , as far as I know , has some links with the parties and people there .
Personally , I have been following these situations in Venezuela and Cuba .
I would certainly like my party to have more serious links with Latin America .
I think our party has n't had as close links as we should have , but this is largely because there are so many differences between our situations .
There are certainly similarities , in terms of our goals and our ideals , and we are all waging an anti-imperialist struggle , but we are in a very specific situation .
The geopolitics of Nepal is very specific and different from Latin America .
Having deep links with Latin American revolutionaries is a longer - term goal .
We should have those links , ideologically .
We should be having a discussion and learning from what they have been able to do , their policies and programs , but at a diplomatic level having strong links with Latin America does n't make much sense because of our geopolitical situation .
We are landlocked between India and China .
Diplomatic links are important , maybe in the longer term , but the policies , programs and leadership of Latin American revolutions we have a lot we can learn from .
In Nepal the youth are playing a big role in the revolution but , at least within Kathmandu , there are also many Westernised youth who look more towards Europe , the US and India for their culture , and also politics .
Is there a cultural clash between Westernised youth in urban areas and revolutionary youth ?
I would n't say there is a culture clash , but as you say there is a community of upper - class pro-Western kids .
I think it 's not their fault -- it 's nobody 's fault really , it 's just where they come from .
They are more likely to look to the USA , the UK or India for their education .
It all really starts with education and then becomes cultural , so I think it 's more of an issue of class background .
There is n't so much a cultural clash as a clash of class interests .
This is bound to happen as they tend to look to the West , and we the Maoists look to ourselves and the lower classes .
At some level there is bound to be a clash because they are in favour of more privatisation of schools and institutions , whereas we stand against that and for the betterment of public institutions .
But I think we are quite capable of talking to these young people and at least getting them to listen to our agenda .
There are some Westernised youth on this campus , and these people really just want stability and peace .
They have everything else , money , cars .
They have no problems , except for peace and stability .
So if the Maoists can give them that , then for the time being there wo n't be such clashes .
These youth are basically the product of the whole system , and we should try to avoid antagonism among our generation at this time given the political situation .
There are a lot of Nepalis who go overseas for their education .
Does the student union have international organisations and try and organise Nepali students abroad ?
Our student union does have an international department which looks into this aspect and establishes links with Nepali students studying abroad .
We believe it is not the fault of the students who leave , they just want a good education in a good environment and we know our country right now is not able to give that .
Keeping that in mind and being practical we look to make links with these students so we can encourage them to come back and use their expertise to develop the country .
Are you optimistic about the future of Nepal ?
Definitely !
Otherwise I would n't be where I am right now !
PARIS ( Reuters ) - Qatar Airways ordered 24 planes from Airbus as the world ’s largest air show opened in Paris on Monday , the Gulf carrier flexing its financial muscles as many recession - hit rivals struggle to find funds .
Airbus and U.S. rival Boeing
Co face their worst year in more than a decade as many airlines , hit by slowing demand and tight credit conditions , look to cancel or defer plane orders .
Qatar ’s $ 1.9 billion deal for A320 and A321 single - aisle airliners will double its medium - haul fleet but Chief Executive Akbar Al Baker stopped short of announcing a foray into the budget airline sector .
“ We are not planning a low - cost carrier , but if our market share is eroded by regional low - cost carriers , we will join the fashion show and launch one , ” he said .
The airliner sector has burned hot for several years but the global recession has the cycle ’s downturn looking more like a freefall while recession also constrains defense spending , limiting options as Boeing and Airbus parent firm EADS look for revenues there .
The Lockheed Martin F - 22 Raptor fighter jet was dropped from an expected flying display at the air show , a decision which the manufacturer said the U.S. Air Force had taken based on availability .
The world ’s most advanced jet fighter , the Pentagon proposed axing further production of the F - 22 under a fiscal 2010 budget plan it sent to the Congress last month .
BOEING EYES MID - 2010
This year ’s Paris Air Show is expected to fall far short of the clamor of orders at the biennial event two years ago when Airbus and Boeing took their order backlogs to record levels .
Airlines have roughly $ 800 billion of planes on order following the order boom .
Scott Carson , head of Boeing ’s commercial airplanes division , said Monday that growth might return to the industry in mid-2010 .
But the scope and shape of the recovery remained the big question , he told a news conference .
He added that he expected a more normal trend in credit in the second half of next year .
In the meantime , airlines face tight credit conditions , rising oil prices , new concerns about swine flu and a global recession which is prompting travelers to shelve vacation plans .
Slideshow ( 18 images )
The emergence of swine flu in April triggered a worldwide health scare and Sunday Britain recorded its first death from it , three days after the World Health Organization declared an influenza pandemic .
The aviation industry also awaits answers after the crash of an Air France A330 Airbus with 228 people on board on June 1 .
“ It is safe to say that the aviation community is still ( in ) some shock , ” Airbus Chief Executive Tom Enders told a briefing ahead of the air show .
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
History is replete with examples of governmental attempts to modify human behavior by imposing prohibitions .
All attempts failed , most of them miserably .
In the 16th century , coffee was banned in Egypt and supplies were burned .
Coffee consumption increased rapidly .
In the 17th century , the Tsar of Russia executed people caught using tobacco .
Among unexecuted Russian citizens , tobacco usage increased .
Similar results obtained when tobacco usage was banned in Bavaria , Saxony and Zurich .
Violators were executed , by order of the Sultan .
Among survivors , tobacco usage increased .
In England , the 1736 Gin Act was intended to increase prices to the extent consumption would decrease .
General lawbreaking resulted .
Gin consumption increased .
In China , a 1792 law required strangulation of keepers of opium shops .
Opium usage increased .
San Francisco
County recently banned smoking in all public buildings .
This ban was deemed to include the jailhouse .
The price of black market jailhouse cigarettes immediately jumped to $ 120 per pack .
The Puritans who sailed to Plymouth Rock in 1620 should have provided a clue .
They packed 14 tons of water as emergency backup for 42 tons of beer and 40 tons of wine .
America imposed a tax on distillation of whiskey in 1791 .
The resulting civil protests quickly grew into armed rebellion against the new government .
In 1794 President Washington called out the militias of several states to form an army roughly the size of that which defeated the British , put down the rebellion and established the right of the federal government to make war against its own citizens .
But the Army could n't enforce the Whiskey Tax , which was repealed in 1803 , long after unlicensed stills relocated to secluded forests in remote mountains in eastern Kentucky , where alcoholic beverages have been produced under shining moons for over 200 years .
Between 1875 and 1914 , 27 states and cities banned smoking of opium .
In those localities , opium consumption increased sevenfold .
Abraham Lincoln earlier called this one right :
" Prohibition ... makes a crime out of things that are not crimes ... and strikes a blow at the very principles upon which our government was founded . "
Under President Obama , a few fragile green shoots are becoming apparent to those who seek to provide a dose of Hope , Change and basic sanity to America 's war on citizens who use marijuana .
Which leads inquiring minds to ask :
Where did this insane and inhumane war come from , and were the reasons valid ?
The answer to the first question : Richard M. Nixon .
The answer to the second question : No .
Nixon initiated America 's War on Drugs based almost solely on personal hateful racial bigotry and a profound level of ignorance of history .
Nixon was recorded telling his chief of staff : " You have to face the fact that the whole problem is really the blacks .
The key is to devise a system that recognizes this while not appearing to . "
Those emotions have blindly controlled national policy on marijuana ever since .
Under President Johnson , the progressive 1966 Narcotic Addiction Rehabilitation
Act allowed treatment as an alternative to federal prison .
A 1968 amendment allowed suspended sentences and for the criminal records of people who stayed out of trouble for a year to be expunged .
In 1969 the Supreme Court ruled the Marijuana Tax Act , the 1937 law that made marijuana illegal , was unconstitutional .
In response the Comprehensive Drug Abuse and Control Act , commonly called the Controlled Substances Act , was passed in 1970 .
Some provisions of the 1970 law were progressive .
Congress determined that prisons were overflowing and the courts were ineffective because , due to the barbaric 1951 Boggs Act , they had no flexibility to make the punishment fit the crime .
Mandatory sentencing requirements that treated a casual user possessing a quarter - ounce of marijuana the same as a determined dealer with a wheelbarrow full of heroin waiting outside an elementary school for his customers to be dismissed were recognized as a failed policy and were eliminated .
Other provisions were not progressive .
With some Congressional misgivings , marijuana became a Schedule I substance , a drug with high potential for abuse and no currently accepted medical use .
And also because it was used primarily by anti-war protesters and hippies , who were intent upon undermining Nixon 's anal - retentive policies .
But Congress had lingering concerns about the dangers and medical benefits of marijuana .
To resolve those concerns , Congress created the National Commission on Marijuana and Drug Abuse early in 1971 .
Unfortunately , nine of the 13 members were appointed by Nixon .
Because Nixon was personally opposed to drugs , he stuffed the commission with hardliners .
The chair was Raymond Shafer , a former prosecutor and Republican governor of Pennsylvania , well known for his tough law and order approach to drugs .
At the time Shafer coveted , actively sought and was being seriously considered for lifetime appointment as a federal judge .
The commission sponsored over 50 research projects , conducted numerous opinion polls and held many hearings , at which it took thousands of pages of testimony .
To this day , the commission 's work stands as the most thorough , unbiased study of marijuana ever conducted by the federal government .
Recently released tapes of 1971 - 1972 Oval Office conversations concerning Shafer and his commission reveal that Nixon , in his uniquely homey style , provided staff with extraordinarily lucid explanations for a number of societal issues that had long perplexed learned scholars .
One of his more startling revelations explained the cause of decline of ancient Greek civilization :
" You know what happened to the Greeks .
Homosexuality destroyed them .
Sure , Aristotle was a homo , we all know that , so was Socrates . "
Per Nixon , a similar fate befell the mighty Roman Empire :
" Do you know what happened to the Romes , Romans ?
The last six Roman emperors were fags ...
The last six .
Nero had a public wedding to a boy . "
And the Roman Catholic Church as well :
" You know what happened to the Popes ?
Its all right that , po-po Popes were laying the nuns , that 's been going on for years , centuries , but , when the Popes , when the Catholic Church went to hell in , I do n't know , three or four centuries ago , it was homosexual ... "
Britain and France suffered the same terrible affliction :
" Now that 's what happened to Britain , it happened earlier to France . "
Russia escaped this moral plague , only to be engulfed by another :
" Why the hell are those Communists so hard on drugs ?
Well why they 're so hard on drugs is because , uh , they love to booze .
I mean , the Russians , they drink pretty good . "
Nixon offered an eminently reasonable explanation for why booze is beneficial to society while marijuana is not .
Nixon , who was known to drunkenly stagger through the halls of the White house while having incoherent one - sided conversations with portraits of presidential predecessors , piously explained :
" People use marijuana to get high . "
" People use alcohol to have fun . "
But these were merely gratuitous side comments provided to enliven discussions about Shafer , his commission and its findings .
The tapes make evident the extent and direction of Nixon 's preconceptions about the causes of marijuana 's increasing popularity :
" Every one of the bastards that are out for legalizing marijuana is Jewish . "
Anti-war protesters represented the disastrous results of America 's lenient drug policy :
" These uh , more radical demonstrators that were here the last , oh , two weeks ago .
They 're all on drugs .
Oh yeah , horrible ... "
The commission took almost 12 months to complete its work .
On a number of occasions during that time , Nixon prematurely proclaimed the commission 's conclusions and recommendations .
His comments to his staff and to Shafer , made at various times , in equally coherent terms , included :
" I think that 's what you want to do , take a strong line . "
" Now , this is one thing I want .
I want a Goddamn strong statement on marijuana .
Can I get that out of this sonofabitching , uh , Domestic Council ? "
" I mean one on marijuana that just tears the ass out of them . "
" We are going to hit the marijuana thing , and I want to hit it right square in the puss , I want to find a way of putting more on that . "
" I want to hit it , against legalizing and all that sort of thing . "
The day before the Commission released its final report , Nixon said : " We need , and I use the word ' all out war ' , on all fronts ...
We have to attack on all fronts . "
Knowledgeable government professionals were not allowed to provide input .
The Department of Health , Education and Welfare was n't to be consulted : " Do n't go to HEW .
Well , we might , we might have big problems with HEW too . "
Input by the National Institutes of Health was forbidden : " Did you see this statement by Brown ... this morning ?
Uh , he should be out .
I mean , today , today .
If he 's a presidential appointee all I do is fire the son- of - a - b* tch , and I mean today . "
No wonder Barry Goldwater was quoted as saying : " I would n't trust Nixon from here to that phone . "
In March of 1972 , to his great credit , Shafer bucked the President and delivered an honest report , with conclusions based on all the evidence .
The commission concluded that marijuana 's relative potential for causing harm does not justify punishment for users and recommended decriminalization of possession and use of small quantities of marijuana .
A Zogby poll taken shortly after found that 61 percent of voters nationwide agreed with Shafer Commission conclusions that marijuana users should not be arrested or jailed .
Only 33 percent supported treating marijuana users as criminals .
Nixon refused to read the report before denouncing its findings .
Raymond Shafer was eliminated from the list of those being considered for appointment as federal judges .
Echoing the words spoken the day before the final report was issued , Nixon declared the nation to be engaged in a " War on Drugs " .
In June 1971 , when polls indicated the populace considered heroin a prime problem as the result of a massive publicity campaign orchestrated by the White House , Nixon sent a message to Congress declaring :
" America 's Public Enemy Number One is drug abuse . "
" ... present efforts to control drug abuse are not sufficient ...
The problem has assumed the dimensions of a national emergency .
I intend to take every step necessary to deal with this emergency . "
In remarks to media executives the next day , Nixon claimed : " Drug traffic is public enemy number one domestically in the United States today and we must wage a total offensive , worldwide , nationwide , government - wide , and , if I might say so , media - wide . "
The war was on .
Why ?
Because " Every one of the bastards that are out for legalizing marijuana is Jewish . "
And because " ... radical demonstrators that were here the last , oh , two weeks ago .
They 're all on drugs ... "
Insane reasons for an insane war .
The time for government to recognize it has lost yet another war and to surrender is long past .
Tom 's Astronomy Blog ( you follow his blog , right ?
Right ? ) has a picture with an unusual view of Saturn :
This takes some ' splainin ' !
But fasten your seat belt ; this one is a bit of a wild ride .
First off , in this picture from Cassini we 're looking down on the rings from about a 41° angle .
The sunlight is coming from the left , in a direction from below the rings as seen here .
The part of the planet itself we see here is actually in shadow !
That 's obvious from the top half of Saturn 's disk , which is dark .
However , the bottom part of the disk is being softly illuminated by reflected light from the rings ( rather like moonlight can illuminate the Earth ) .
In that case , sunlight came from the left , hit the underside of the rings ( underside as seen from this angle that is ) , reflected off , hit the planet , which then reflected that light back to Cassini 's camera .
The top half is n't completely dark , though .
Light from the Sun is passing through the rings , too .
It gets scattered and diffused , and some of it hits the dark part of Saturn at the top of the picture .
So we can see that as a faint illumination .
There 's more !
The rings look like they 've been sliced clean ; that 's the planet itself blocking sunlight from the rings , so think of that as the shadow of Saturn on the rings .
But if you look to the right of that cut , you can see still the rings !
They look dark and thin , and you can only see them against the planet 's disk .
Some of the light reflected off the planet 's southern hemisphere ( which itself was reflected from the rings as mentioned above ) backlights the rings where they are in shadow , so you can see them silhouetted against Saturn 's disk .
Wow .
What a tortuous way to light an image !
But it 's very cool that we have Cassini - on - the - spot to send us lovely images like this .
We can simply enjoy their beauty , of course , or we can unravel the pieces of the puzzle ( to mix a metaphor ) to see what 's really going on here .
Both are fun , and both are worth spending time doing .
Saturn , from Cassini .
Click to embiggen
May 23 , 2009 -- Michael Lebowitz is a Canadian Marxist economist .
He is the director of the “ Transformative practice and human development ” program at the Caracas - based left - wing think tank , the Centro Internacional Miranda .
He is professor emeritus of economics at Simon Fraser University and author of Build it Now : 21st Century Socialism and the 2004 Isaac Deutscher - prize winning Beyond Capital : Marx 's Political Economy of the Working Class .
Lebowitz was a featured speaker at the World at a Crossroads conference organised by Green Left Weekly , the Democratic Socialist Perspective and the socialist youth group Resistance , held in Sydney , Australia , on April 10 - 12 , 2009 .
Christopher Kerr spoke with Lebowitz about capitalism 's crisis and the socialist alternative .
* * *
Given the current economic crisis , is Marxism still relevant ?
It is more relevant than ever .
Marxism seeks to explain the underlying reasons for what is occurring and to seek out the alternatives .
Liberalism , neo- classical thought and other schools do n't try to look for the underlying reasons for historical events , such as the current crisis .
These schools of thought take certain phenomena and treat them either as accidents or as caused by bad people , bad policies , bad bankers , bad speculators , etc .
Only Marxism really attempts to understand the nature of capitalism and why capitalism generates crises , why it generates exploitation , why it deforms and cripples people rather than helps their self - development .
You have talked a lot about a 21st century socialism as a rejuvenation of the socialist project .
Do we also need a 21st century Marxism as a part of this ?
Absolutely , we need a rejuvenation of Marxism — in many respects a return to the Marxism of Karl Marx .
We have to go back to Marx ’s premise and goal , which was the concept of human development .
It is no accident that the Communist Manifesto , written in 1848 with Frederick Engels , talked about how the free development of each depends upon the free development of all .
By free development , they meant the development of human potential and capacities .
In Marx ’s writings from 1844 through 1858 , and in Capital , he kept talking about developing a rich individuality and rich human beings .
He argued that capitalism distorted human development , while socialism was necessary for it .
We lost that in the 20th century .
Marxism became interpreted as having to do with a way to develop the productive forces , in which the question of economic development became everything .
The question of the nature of the relations between people in economic production , the nature of the circumstance in which we function , became forgotten or ignored .
One of the key parts of Marx ’s emphasis on human development is that it only occurs through practice .
That ’s the concept of revolutionary practice — the simultaneous changing of circumstances and self - change .
And if you understand this key link in human development , then you understand that you cannot build socialism , a new society , without workers ’ management in workplaces , without community control — without control from below over society .
This is not because it is nicer or more efficient , but because it is the only way people transform and develop themselves , thus making a new society possible .
How relevant is Venezuela as an example for 21st century socialism ?
I think Venezuela is one of the most relevant examples .
If you look at Venezuela ’s constitution , it talks about the goal of overall human development .
It says that people must develop their potential and all their creative possibilities .
It also says that this is only possible through practice .
These are not simply nice words in a constitution ; it ’s also that we see this introduced in so many ways in Venezuela .
The most obvious case right now is the communal councils , where with small units , representing in the urban areas at most a thousand people and less in rural areas , people have the opportunity in assemblies to make decisions .
People are able to identify and plan their own needs , and then proceed to put the plan into action .
You can also see it through the promotion of cooperatives , and now increasingly through worker - managed companies called “ socialist enterprises ” .
[ A longer version of this interview first appeared at Green Left Weekly issue # 796 , May 27 , 2009 . ]
The patients died between 1996 and 1999
Fears of ' culture of euthanasia '
Unlawful killing claim sparked probe
Three patients who died at a hospital in Hampshire in the late 1990s were given inappropriate medication , an inquest jury has ruled .
The inquest panel looked at the deaths of 10 patients at Gosport War Memorial Hospital between 1996 and 1999 .
The panel of five women and three men also found that two patients were given the correct medication but in doses which contributed to their deaths .
The patients ' families are now calling for a criminal investigation .
Some of the relatives had long believed morphine was being over - prescribed .
Police carried out investigations into 92 patients ' treatment at the hospital , but no prosecutions were brought .
Three investigations
The jury at Portsmouth Coroner 's Court decided that in the cases of Robert Wilson , 74 , Geoffrey Packman , 66 , and Elsie Devine , 88 , the use of painkillers was inappropriate for their condition .
Arthur Cunningham , 79 , and Elsie Lavender , 83 , were prescribed medication appropriate for their condition but in doses which contributed to their deaths , jurors found .
In the cases of Leslie Pittock , Helena Service , Ruby Lake , Enid Spurgin and Sheila Gregory , the jury decided that the prescription of painkillers had not contributed to their deaths .
We did not expect this inquest to be transparent , honest or fair and our expectations have been met in full
Statement by families
The inquest recorded a narrative verdict .
The jury heard evidence from members of the patients ' families , medical experts and staff at the hospital , including Dr Jane Barton .
She was investigated by police in connection with deaths at the hospital but she was not charged with any offence .
She said in a statement : " I can say that I have always acted with care , concern and compassion towards my patients .
" I am pleased the jury recognised that in all of these cases , drugs were only given for therapeutic purposes . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
In a statement after the verdicts , the families said : " This has been a 10 - year emotional journey for the families , not just those families directly involved in the inquest but also the relatives of the 92 victims investigated by the police who are also still waiting for answers .
" We did not expect this inquest to be transparent , honest or fair and our expectations have been met in full . "
" Extreme drug overdoses were given without justification or logic that rendered our families comatose in a matter of hours and dead soon after , giving relatives no warning or opportunity to speak with them .
" The families ' journeys are not over .
Once we have all the evidence as denied by this coroner , we will reflect on the last few weeks and decide our next steps . "
Inquiry call
The families also said that a fresh criminal investigation by Hampshire police was needed .
But in response to their call the force has said it will not reinvestigate any of the deaths .
Meanwhile , the patient safety charity Action against Medical Accidents ( AvMA ) called for a public inquiry .
AvMA chief executive Peter Walsh said : " It is now quite clear the refusal to hold a public inquiry was wrong .
" There were other deaths at Gosport which should have been looked into as well as the role played by various agencies , which may have prevented the poor practice at Gosport or it being investigated promptly and appropriately . "
In response , the force said : " Hampshire Constabulary has conducted three separate investigations during which the Crown Prosecution Service has been fully consulted .
" The evidence gathered during these investigations was shared with the coroner and heard by the jury during the course of the inquests .
" It is our genuine hope that the extensive nature of the investigations conducted , the findings of the Crown Prosecution Service and now that of HM Coroner , provide those involved with some resolution , if not comfort , for the loss of loved ones . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
TORONTO --
The Ontario Privacy Commissioner has announced a formal investigation into the use of confidential police databases by Crown attorneys in the province to probe the backgrounds of potential jurors in criminal trials .
“ The focus of our investigation will be whether this was a proper use of police databases and whether the privacy rights of potential jurors have been compromised , ” said commissioner Dr. Ann Cavoukian in a statement issued Wednesday afternoon .
There are at least two regions in Ontario where police have engaged in secret background checks and then passed the information on to the Crown for help in selecting a jury that is more favourable to the prosecution .
The inquiries , which included very personal information including mental health data , were contrary to the rules of the Juries Act , the code of ethics for using police databases and may also violate the rules of professional conduct for Crown attorneys .
The practice has been in place in Simcoe County in central Ontario at least since 2004 , according to court documents .
A judge in Windsor ordered a mistrial this week in the prosecution of two men charged with murder , after it was disclosed that police conducted similar checks earlier this spring on the eve of jury selection .
The practice was described as “ offensive ” by Superior Court Justice Bruce Thomas , who suggested that a formal inquiry might be appropriate .
The Ontario government has refused to call in an independent agency to find out how widespread the practice was by Crown and police in the province .
Attorney - General Chris Bentley said Tuesday that senior officials in his ministry are “ calling around ” and asking prosecutors to disclose if they have engaged in possible professional misconduct by ordering the background checks .
When the background checks in Simcoe County were reported by the National Post on May 25 , the Attorney - General suggested it was an isolated incident .
After the mistrial was granted in Windsor , Mr. Bentley stated that he believed it was the only other Crown office in the province to use information from improper background checks .
The initial assurance by Mr. Bentley that this practice was “ restricted to one courthouse in Simcoe County , ” is why an investigation was not announced sooner , said Ms. Cavoukian in the statement .
“ Since then we have learned that the practice extends to at least one other courthouse and possibly others , ” she explained .
Along with the potential privacy violations , the Crown is likely to receive a flood of requests from defence lawyers asking if background checks were conducted in past jury trials in the province .
Mark Halfyard , a defence lawyer in Toronto , said he has asked the Ministry of the Attorney - General to disclose whether there were checks in two recent jury trials in Barrie that resulted in convictions .
“ This may just be the tip of the iceberg .
This is a very serious issue .
It goes to trial fairness , ” said Mr. Halfyard .
National Post
These restrictions were put in place in the 1930s by political leaders who had just experienced a terrible financial crisis , and were trying to prevent another .
But by 1980 the memory of the Depression had faded .
Government , declared Reagan , is the problem , not the solution ; the magic of the marketplace must be set free .
And so the precautionary rules were scrapped .
Together with looser lending standards for other kinds of consumer credit , this led to a radical change in American behavior .
We were n’t always a nation of big debts and low savings : in the 1970s Americans saved almost 10 percent of their income , slightly more than in the 1960s .
It was only after the Reagan deregulation that thrift gradually disappeared from the American way of life , culminating in the near - zero savings rate that prevailed on the eve of the great crisis .
Household debt was only 60 percent of income when Reagan took office , about the same as it was during the Kennedy administration .
By 2007 it was up to 119 percent .
All this , we were assured , was a good thing : sure , Americans were piling up debt , and they were n’t putting aside any of their income , but their finances looked fine once you took into account the rising values of their houses and their stock portfolios .
Oops .
Now , the proximate causes of today ’s economic crisis lie in events that took place long after Reagan left office  in the global savings glut created by surpluses in China and elsewhere , and in the giant housing bubble that savings glut helped inflate .
But it was the explosion of debt over the previous quarter - century that made the U.S. economy so vulnerable .
Overstretched borrowers were bound to start defaulting in large numbers once the housing bubble burst and unemployment began to rise .
These defaults in turn wreaked havoc with a financial system that  also mainly thanks to Reagan - era deregulation  took on too much risk with too little capital .
There ’s plenty of blame to go around these days .
But the prime villains behind the mess we ’re in were Reagan and his circle of advisers  men who forgot the lessons of America ’s last great financial crisis , and condemned the rest of us to repeat it .
By Tim Ghianni
NASHVILLE ( Reuters ) – Tennessee lawmakers on Thursday passed a measure that allows teachers to wish their students “ Merry Christmas ” and “ Happy Hanukkah ” and display scenes and symbols of winter celebrations without fear of legal action .
The state House of Representatives approved the legislation with a 84 - 4 vote .
The state Senate , which passed an earlier version of the bill in February , is expected to take the legislation up next week .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I ’m a real proponent of freedom of religion , but not a proponent of freedom from religion , ” said the bill ’s sponsor state Representative Andy Holt , a Republican from Dresden , who wore a Christmas - themed tie when the bill passed .
The bill would seek to provide a legal basis to protect teachers from lawsuits when they wish students “ Merry Christmas ” and “ Happy Hanukkah . ”
Teachers would also be allowed to teach about religious holidays in the classroom under the bill , which supporters say upholds the religious and free speech rights of educators .
The bill also allows schools to display scenes or symbols associated with religious winter holidays , such as a menorah or a Christmas tree , if it is accompanied by a symbol or display of another religion or a secular scene or symbol .
The bill has been dubbed the “ Merry Christmas ” measure in media reports .
The Senate will consider a slightly amended House version of the bill it passed on February 24 , with Holt adding language that said holiday greetings would not be limited to Christmas and Hanukkah but to other types of occasions as well .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We are just trying to make sure that nobody is to be excluded in this legislation .
It does n’t preclude any other traditional winter celebrations , ” Holt said .
If the Senate passes the bill , it goes to the desk of Republican Governor Bill Haslam for his signature .
( Editing by Brendan O’Brien and Lisa Shumaker )
ADVERTISEMENT
[ Christmas tree illustration via Shutterstock ]
Yesterday we showed you video of Erich " Mancow " Muller , a Chicago - based right - wing shockjock , appearing as a guest on Keith Olbermann 's show to discuss his being waterboarded .
He claimed it led to an ideological conversion !
But now a tipster has provided information that suggests the whole thing may be a hoax .
[ Update : The marine who " waterboarded " Mancow told us this morning that he had " no idea what he was doing " and that everything he knows about waterboarding , he read on the internet .
Mancow told us that " hoax is n't the right word , " but that the whole thing was supposed to be " simulated . " ]
The information provided to Gawker by our tipster came in a series of emails and is somewhat layered , so we 'll try to lay it all out as unconfusingly as possible .
Where the story begins is last Thursday afternoon , the day before Mancow was scheduled to be waterboarded , when the person slated to do the waterboarding suddenly backed out , sending Mancow 's publicity team into a mild frenzy to find someone to replace him .
A chain of emails followed , emails that were subsequently forwarded to Gawker by our tipster .
There are three main players in the following sequence of events :
- The first is a Chicago - based publicist named Linda Shafran whose clients include the Jerry Springer and Steve Wilkos shows , in addition to Erich " Mancow " Muller .
In describing Shafran our tipster added :
" Linda Shafran is Springer 's current publicist until the show starts shooting in CT .
Since Springer is her primary source of income , she 's now trying to help promote Mancow nationally as a shock jock alternative to Howard Stern . "
- The second person involved in this is a man named David Kupcinet .
He runs a Chicago - based foundation for veterans called Kup 's Purple Heart Foundation .
He is the grandson of Irv Kupcinet , a somewhat legendary Chicago gossip columnist who wrote a column for the Chicago Sun Times for over 60 years .
At the behest of a friend , Linda Shafran contacted Kupcinet on Thursday hoping that his relationships with Chicago - area veterans and military personnel could help her find a replacement waterboarder .
- The third person involved here , to a much lesser degree , is another Chicago - based publicist named Kathy Posner .
According to our tipster , Posner is Jerry Springer 's former flack and a friend of both Linda Shafran and Erich " Mancow " Muller .
According to one of the emails we were forwarded , it was Posner who suggested that Shafran contact David Kupcinet to find a replacement waterboarder .
Now , with all of that background established , here are some of the emails that followed between Shafran and Kupcinet , the first being the initial contact between the two on the matter :
From : [ redacted ]
Date : Thu , May 21 , 2009 at 1:15 PM
To : [ redacted ]
Subject : URGENT
Don't shoot the messenger Mancow has been promoting all week that he is getting waterboarded tomorrow between 8 - 9 am on - air .
We have camera crew shooting it for WGN
The swat guy he had to do the waterboarding now can't do it .
Do you know any military guy that might come down to WLS radio tomorrow ( 190 N. State Street ) to waterboard Mancow ????
Kathy said you know lots of military guys that might do it ... or a policeman or fireman or EMT .
HELP Linda Shafran
Jerry Springer Show
454 N. Columbus Dr.
Chicago , IL 60611
PH : [ redacted ]
cell : [ redacted ]
Email : [ redacted ]
Kupcinet , or " Kuppy , " responded a few minutes later :
From : [ redacted ]
Date : Thu , May 21 , 2009 at 1:28 PM
To : [ redacted ]
Subject : Re : URGENT
What exactly do you mean ?
You mean really tortured ?
What exactly would it consist of and do they need to bring gear or does Cow have what he needs or what ?
Get back to me quick an ill find u a guy .
Kuppy ( P.S. Love you )
Sent from my iPhone
Now , here 's the key email in the exchange , with Shafran saying in no uncertain terms that the whole thing is being staged as a hoax :
From : [ redacted ]
Date : Thu , May 21 , 2009 at 1:38 PM
To : [ redacted ]
Cc : [ redacted ]
Subject : Re : URGENT
You are a ROCK STAR !!!
It is going to have to look " real " but of course would be simulated with Mancow acting like he is drowning .
It will be a hoax but have to look real .
Would be great if they could dress in fatigues and bring whatever is needed .
We will supply the water xxxx Linda Shafran
Jerry Springer Show
454 N. Columbus Dr.
Chicago , IL 60611
PH : [ redacted ]
cell : [ redacted ]
Email : [ redacted ]
After getting this email from Shafran , David Kupcinet suggested she contact Marine Sgt. Clay South , the person who eventually carried out Mancow 's waterboarding .
We include this next email only because we find the compensation offer extended to South from Mancow via Shafran to be somewhat amusing :
From : [ redacted ]
Date : Thu , May 21 , 2009 at 2:02 PM
To : [ redacted ]
Subject : MANCOW WAS ALL OVER IT I tried to call you but got voicemail .
I talked to Mancow and he said " Are you kidding - of course he can mention the charity and talk about his experiences over there " I am going to call Klay now .
Mancow will pay gas and parking .
Linda Shafran
Jerry Springer Show
454 N. Columbus Dr.
Chicago , IL 60611
PH : [ redacted ]
FX : [ redacted ]
Email : [ redacted ]
We contacted Linda Shafran last night for a statement about this and she emailed us back with an emphatic denial that anything was faked :
It was NOT a hoax .
Early on when we were looking for someone to waterboard , an email was sent out looking for someone to do it and I mistakenly said it would be staged .
That was my mistake and a misunderstanding .
But that was early and NOT TRUE AT ALL .
It was not staged .
NOT AT ALL .
When it happened several days later , it was real , honest , actual , not staged .
Any info you have was my mistake .
THE WATERBOARDING OF MANCOW WAS REAL !!!!!!
The glaring discrepancy in Shafran 's statement to us is that her emails to Kupcinet are dated Thursday , May 21st , the day prior to Mancow 's waterboarding , while she now claims that these emails were sent out " early on " and that the waterboarding took place " several days later . "
Additionally , she even mentions that Mancow " is getting waterboarded tomorrow " in her first note to Kupcinet .
Regarding the emails between Safran and Kupcinet , our tipster also informed us that they were shared with Keith Olbermann 's producers prior to Mancow 's appearance on his show .
We were told that they were beyond livid when they found out about them and expressed their extreme displeasure for the whole situation with Linda Shafran over the phone , but went ahead with the planned segment anyway , making no mention of the fact that they 'd received advance word that the whole thing may have been staged .
However , we were unable to confirm this with anyone at MSNBC .
Now , we 're obviously no experts on the art of waterboarding , but we 've done a bit of research on it and also went back and watched the video of Christopher Hitchens ' waterboarding in 2008 to compare and contrast his waterboarding against Mancow's , and we could n't help but notice some rather striking differences .
In the Hitchens video , everything is carried out pretty much according to universal waterboarding protocol as we 've come to understand it .
His limbs and torso are tightly bound by restraints .
The platform on which he lays appears to be tilted slightly downward so that his head is positioned below his heart .
His head is also completely covered and the water used looks as though it 's poured directly into his breathing passages .
In contrast , Mancow is n't bound by restraints at all , he does n't appear to have his body positioned at a decline , only a portion of his face from the nose up is covered , and the water is being poured on him inappropriately .
In short , when we watched the Mancow video for the first time it struck us in a " well that does n't look TOO awful " sort of way .
For a brief moment it even made us want to call some friends over so we could all waterboard each other and see what all the fuss is about .
On the other hand , the Hitchens video is somewhat nightmarish , making us want to never have anything to do with a waterboarding , ever .
We suggest you watch them both and decide for yourself .
Click to view
In our post yesterday we actually praised Mancow for having the courage to undergo the infamous interrogation technique AND then going so far as to appear as a guest on a show hosted by television 's shoutiest liberal to proclaim how wrong and misguided he 's been all along .
Here 's part of what we said :
We suppose it'd be easy to mock and ridicule " Mancow " here , as he does seem to be an extraordinarily massive tool , not even taking into consideration that he was one of the main guys spreading the " Obama is a closet Muslim " rumors during the election , but there 's something truly admirable in a ) being sufficiently curious and willing to undergo the procedure personally to truly see what it was like to be on the receiving end of a waterboarding , and b ) appearing on the air with arguably the most unabashedly liberal host on television to profess how horribly wrong he'd been previously .
Despite the emails indicating that the whole thing may have been staged , there 's a small part of us that still wants to extend Erich " Mancow " Muller the benefit of the doubt , despite his being no stranger to controversy , but our skepticism at this point is pretty dang high , and we can't help from feeling as though we , along with a host of others , have been duped by a cheap publicity stunt .
It looks like Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger has taken the debate over marijuana to whole a new level , the Sacramento Bee reports :
The governor was asked about a recent Field Poll [ . pdf ] showing that 56 percent of registered voters support legalizing and taxing marijuana to raise revenues for cash - strapped California .
Assemblyman Tom Ammiano , D - San Francisco , has proposed legislation that would legalize the drug for recreational use , rather than just medical purposes .
" Well , I think it 's not time for that , but I think it 's time for a debate , " Schwarzenegger said .
" I think all of those ideas of creating extra revenues , I 'm always for an open debate on it .
And I think we ought to study very carefully what other countries are doing that have legalized marijuana and other drugs , what effect did it have on those countries ? "
It 's funny how the need for government revenue can so easily change policy , or at least beget serious discussions .
Last summer , a petition floated around trying to get that very debate put on one of the state 's ballots .
So far , no news on that front , but this looks like it will cure that effort .
Light Blue Optics
TOUCH screens , once the preserve of science museums and ticket machines , have become commonly available on mobile phones thanks largely to the popularity of Apple 's iPhone .
Now a novel hand - held device has been developed that can turn an inert tabletop into an interactive touch - screen .
It could even end up being projected from a mobile phone .
The device developed by Light Blue Optics , a company spun out from Cambridge University in England , embodies a tiny projector and sensors that allow it not only to cast an image onto a flat surface but also to detect when the image is being touched .
This makes it possible to press buttons , move and manipulate virtual objects such as photos and navigate between different screens , all just by touching the projected image .
Surprisingly , the touch - sensitive aspect is not the difficult part to achieve .
An invisible infra-red beam is superimposed over the image and sensors detect the reflections that are created whenever and wherever the image is touched .
The difficulty is that in order to detect these reflections , the device must be very close to the image it is projecting .
That is very difficult to achieve without distorting the image , at least when using the traditional optical components — a light source , a digital - image generator and a system of lenses — found in the hand - held projectors currently on the market .
Light Blue Optics ' device , however , uses a technique called holographic projection instead .
It employs the principles of constructive and destructive interference of light , normally used to create holograms , to create high - resolution two - dimensional images .
When laser light strikes the surface of a tiny reflective display chip , made from liquid - crystal on silicon , the crystals both diffract the beams and alter the phase of the light waves , creating images that are in focus at all distances from the projector .
The advantage of this , according to Chris Harris , head of the company , is that you get much brighter images for the energy expended because none of the light is being filtered out or reflected back during the creation of the image .
It also makes it possible for relatively large images to be projected from a short distance away using the same sort of fish - eye lens used in planetariums to cast images at wide angles .
But holographic projection avoids the distortion of fish - eye lenses , enabling a perfectly rectangular image to be cast on a surface that is at an angle to the projector .
Because the image is generated in software , errors in the way the image is displayed can be corrected , says Dr Harris .
All this means it is possible to combine the projector and the infra-red sensors into a single small device .
Light Blue Optics demonstrated a prototype at a meeting held by the Society for Information Display in San Antonio , Texas , earlier this month .
Roughly the same size as a small phone , the device produces an image measuring around 20 centimetres by 15 centimetres ( or about the same size as an A5 piece of paper ) when placed about seven centimetres above a table .
In theory it could generate larger images .
But for watching a film on a train , for example , this seems sufficient .
The technology will be launched later this year , according to Dr Harris .
Incorporating a touch screen into a handset is clever , but being able to summon a much larger touch - screen display from your phone when needed would be cleverer still .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - An 85 - year - old former civilian employee of the U.S. Army was fined but avoided prison time on Friday after earlier pleading guilty to giving classified documents to Israel in the 1980s in a case the sentencing judge said was “ shrouded in mystery . ”
Ben -Ami Kadish walks out of federal court , in New York April 22 , 2008 , after being arrested on charges related to giving Israel secrets on nuclear weapons , fighter jets and missiles .
REUTERS / Chip East
Court documents showed that Ben - Ami Kadish , who was fined $ 50,000 but spared prison time , reported to the same handler as Jonathan Pollard , an American who spied for Israel in the 1980s and triggered a scandal that rocked U.S. - Israeli relations .
“ Why it took the government 23 years to charge Mr. Kadish is shrouded in mystery , ” U.S. District Judge William Pauley said during the sentencing hearing in Manhattan federal court .
“ It is clear the ( U.S. ) government could have charged Mr. Kadish with far more serious crimes . ”
Kadish pleaded guilty in December to acting as an unregistered agent of Israel .
He was arrested in April 2008 on four counts of conspiracy and espionage .
The spying charge , dropped under a plea deal , had carried a possible death sentence .
“ I am sorry I made a mistake , ” a frail - looking Kadish said during the sentencing hearing .
“ I thought I was helping the state of Israel without harming the United States . ”
The judge said he gave a lenient sentence due to Kadish ’s age and infirmity , but said Kadish had committed “ a grave offense ” and had “ abused the trust ” of the United States .
For much of the hearing , Kadish sat slumped in his chair with heavy eyelids .
At one stage , he had to be shaken awake by his lawyer .
MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEMS
Prosecutors had recommended no prison time as part of the plea deal .
They said between 1980 and 1985 Kadish provided classified documents , including some relating to U.S. missile defense systems , to an Israeli agent , Yosef Yagur , who photographed the documents at Kadish ’s residence .
Yagur also was Pollard ’s main Israeli contact .
Pollard , a former U.S. Navy intelligence analyst , is serving a life sentence after pleading guilty to spying for Israel in 1986 .
Israel gave Pollard citizenship in 1996 and acknowledged he was one of its spies in 1998 .
During the hearing , the judge questioned a prosecutor as to why it took so long to charge Kadish when the telephone records on which the case was based were available in the mid-1980s .
“ There is no mystery behind it , it ’s just what happened , ” said prosecutor Iris Lan , who explained she understood it took the FBI that amount of time to assemble the evidence .
The judge also questioned Kadish ’s lawyer about how Kadish was able to earn $ 104,000 in 2007 when he does not work .
His lawyer said it was from investments .
Kadish was born in the United States but grew up on a farm in Palestine before the founding of the modern state of Israel .
He served in the British and U.S. armies in World War II .
From 1980 to 1985 , Yagur asked Kadish to obtain classified documents , which Kadish retrieved from the U.S. Army ’s Picatinny Arsenal in Dover , New Jersey , according to a sworn statement by Kadish .
Kadish said he kept up a friendship with Yagur after 1985 .
“ While Kadish knew he was aiding Israel , an ally to the United States , he also knew his crime compromised the national security , ” the judge said .
Global retail sales – looks bad , consumption very weak
This post is a guest contribution by Rebecca Wilder* , author of the of the News N Economics blog .
Consumption spending is the “ wild card ” for the economic outlook in many developed economies ( and developing , too , i.e. , China ) .
Massive wealth loss has increased saving around the world ; and in countries like the US , I still see a very big question mark as to how discrete will be the shift in saving behavior .
Or better yet , how far will the deleveraging process go ?
Will saving remain at its current 5.7 % of disposable income ?
Go to 7 % ?
Or 10 % ?
The answer is that nobody really knows .
Nevertheless , the effects of increased saving and / or reduced consumption on economic growth to date have been devastating .
In the US , consumption took - 2.75 % and - 2.99 % from overall growth in Q3 and Q4 2008 , respectively ( see the BEA ’s contributions to GDP growth table ) .
The drag coming from consumption is global .
Below are several regional illustrations of the average annual retail sales growth rate ( per month ) for 2008 and 2009 to date .
Out of the 27 countries listed below , 18 posted a positive average annual growth rate in 2008 , while just 5 saw the same in 2009 ytd .
Note : I do not have access to “ good ” data for Latin America .
I urge you to visit Vitoria Saddi ’s blog , Latin America and Brazil – On Economics and Politics ; she recently wrote a nice piece summing up the expansionary monetary policy across Latin America .
Note :
For each graph below , the month listed in parenthesis next to the country name indicates the latest data point for retail sales .
2008 is the average annual growth rate spanning the months January to December .
2009 is the average annual growth rate January to date .
Retail Sales in Asia : Australia and China holding on
Retail Sales in Western Europe : Ireland and Greece give the rest of Europe some perspective
Retail Sales in Emerging Europe : Latvia suffers , and Poland just barely holding on .
The RGE Monitor had a nice article about Latvia and Emerging Europe not too long ago .
Retail Sales in the US and Canada : US consumers dropped off the map ; both countries are showing signs of stabilization ( the “ not falling as quickly ” story ) .
Looks bad – no wonder the consumer outlook is key to many economic futures .
Source : Rebecca Wilder , News N Economics , June 21 , 2009 .
* Rebecca Wilder is an economist in the financial industry .
She was previously an assistant professor and holds a doctorate in economics .
Did you enjoy this post ?
If so , click here to subscribe to updates to Investment Postcards from Cape Town by e-mail .
The pair as seen from the desert Southwest just after Antares emerged from behind the moon June 6 .
The view and timing will be different for each location .
As the moon makes its monthly circuit around the sky it often passes in front of stars , blotting them out for as much as an hour or so .
Such an occultation can be a startling spectacle , especially if the star is bright .
The star appears to creep up to the moon 's limb , hang on the edge for a minute or two , and then , without warning , wink out .
Later it flashes back into view just as suddenly on the moon 's other side .
The suddenness with which occultations take place was one of the first proofs that the moon has no atmosphere .
If our satellite were surrounded by a blanket of air , a star approaching its limb would fade gradually , like one seen setting on Earth .
An excellent occultation will happen on Saturday evening , June 6 for most of the United States and a portion of south - central Canada .
The ruddy 1st - magnitude star Antares will be covered by a moon only about 16 - hours from the moon 's full phase .
For naked - eye viewers the moon 's glare will seriously hinder the visibility of Antares , so block as much of the moon as you can with a finger or the edge of a building .
See viewing times and details below .
Binoculars should pull the star in well , and a small telescope will afford a superb view .
Supergiant !
Antares is the brightest star of the most beautiful of the 12 zodiacal constellations , Scorpius , the Scorpion .
Scorpions have two large claws in front , but this one seems to have had his claws clipped .
The Romans decided that there should be 12 constellations in the zodiac , instead of 11 , so they made the two claws of Scorpius into the arms of Libra , the Balance .
The whole figure of the scorpion is a magnificent sight ; best appreciated in a dark sky without any interference from bright moonlight .
It really looks like a scorpion ; a long stinging tail curled over its back .
Antares clearly outshines all the other stars in this constellation ; its fiery reddish tinge emphasizing the scorpion ’s sinister appearance .
Antares was known as the " rival of Mars , " Ares being Greek for Mars .
It 's a supergiant star , located 604 light - years away .
It 's over 9,000 times as luminous as the sun and 700 times as large .
If the sun were the size of a baseball , Antares would measure 169 - feet across .
When and where to watch
There will be an exceedingly narrow dark strip of the moon behind which Antares will disappear along the moon 's upper left limb ; it will emerge back into view behind the moon 's bright limb .
The timing depends on your location .
In the U.S. Southwest , Antares will disappear in the early evening hours ( around 10:10 p.m. ET /7:10 p.m. PT ) -- still daylight for some locations .
Over southern New England and upstate New York , it will disappear around 11:00 p.m. ET , when the moon will be low in southeast sky .
Over the Central States up into southern Ontario , moon and star will be even lower in the southeast with Antares vanishing between roughly 8:50 p.m. CDT ( over Texas ) to about 9:30 p.m. CDT ( around the Great Lakes ) .
It will also be in the midst of bright evening twilight .
When Antares emerges from behind the moon 's bright ( upper right ) limb , they will be a bit higher in the south - southeast sky .
Times :
In the East , between 11:20 and 11:30 p.m. EDT .
Over the central states and south - central Canada , Antares will reappear between 10:10 and 10:20 p.m. CDT .
Over the Mountain States , the moon will have just risen , when Antares pops out it will be around 9:00 p.m. MDT and over the Southwest , it 'll be just before 8:00 p.m. PDT .
For detailed predictions for hundreds of cities and towns have been compiled by the International Occultation Timers Association ( IOTA ) and can be found here .
Near Miss
Northern New York State , central and northern New England as well as northern California and the Pacific Northwest will unfortunately be outside the occultation zone .
As a result , the moon will appear to slide just below Antares , and narrowly missing it .
From Boston , for example , Antares will appear to practically sit on the moon 's upper left edge at 11:17 p.m. EDT .
You wo n't be able to see this with the naked eye , but in binoculars , Antares will seem to sparkle like a tiny red jewel immediately adjacent to the moon 's rim ; a small telescope will give a much better view .
Joe Rao serves as an instructor and guest lecturer at New York 's Hayden Planetarium .
He writes about astronomy for The New York Times and other publications , and he is also an on -camera meteorologist for News 12 Westchester , New York .
So a live , rambling , out - of - left - field admission of adultery by a sitting US Governor is big news , and it is just the sort of thing our 24 - hour news networks should love .
Except Fox , which cut the feed .
When the Mark Sanford press conference began , we turned on Fox , hoping against the odds that maybe Shep Smith had started an hour early today .
Instead we got ... commercials ?
They did eventually cut to the conference , already in progress , but right in the middle — right before the wife - cheating bit was finally , explicitly admitted to !
— the screen went blank for a moment , and Martha MacCallum looked baffled .
They did cut back to Sanford , after a minute .
( Not shown : when , post - conference , a sad - looking MacCallum praised Sanford because he " did n't want to take TARP money for his state . "
Maybe because South Carolina is n't a bank ? )
It was a fine moment for unprofessionalism at all the networks , though !
At CNN , Kyra Phillips was " pretty biased in all of this , " and really had nothing else to say to Candy Crowley , who just waited for some sort of question she could answer .
And on MSNBC , meanwhile , a South Carolina politician attempted to give an interview outside the statehouse , but a guy just kept screaming , the whole time .
This is maybe the funniest clip ?
The man is just shouting HELP !
HELP !
SOMEBODY HELP !
And the interviewee is all just ignore him , please .
American Detained , Tortured in UAE at U.S. Govt 's Behest , ACLU Says Naji Hamdan says he was beaten until losing consciousness in Abu Dhabi prison .
June 8 , 2009  --
An American citizen has been detained and tortured in the United Arab Emirates at the behest of the U.S. government , according to an American Civil Liberties Union lawsuit filed in federal court .
The judge has called for a hearing today in Washington , DC , and ACLU lawyers say they hope to hear that their case on behalf of Naji Hamdan , 42 , will go forward .
Hamdan , who had moved to Dubai several years ago after living in the U.S. for more than 20 years , becoming an American citizen , and raising a family in California , was arrested in August 2008 by state security forces of the UAE .
Several weeks before the arrest , FBI agents interrogated Hamdan at the U.S. Embassy in Abu Dhabi , the lawsuit said .
In a handwritten statement given to the U.S. Embassy in Abu Dhabi , Hamdan said he was kept in a frigid cell with blinding lights on 24 hours a day , and only left to be interrogated and tortured and to go to the toilet .
" They sat me on an electric chair ; they tied my wrists to it but they did not turn it on , " Hamdan wrote in the statement .
" He started punching me on the sides of my head , and slapping me straight to my head from the top … .
I started to sweat then I lost conscious ( sic ) … "
He also said in the statement that one person spoke perfect English , and that he believes to be an American , was present at the interrogation : " He said do what they want or these people ' will [ expletive ] you up . ' "
Hamdan said in his written statement , " I am not a terrorist , I never was , I am a regular American Muslim who 's looking to raise his kids and live a comfortable life with his family , " but that under the pressure of torture and threats of harm to his wife , he agreed to sign a self - incriminating document in prison .
UAE authorities have charged Hamdan with terrorism - related activities , and the Supreme Court there will hold a hearing on June 14 .
Three months after he was detained , and one week after ACLU lawyers filed their lawsuit , Hamdan was moved from the high - security detention center to another jail in Abu Dhabi , where he can now communicate periodically with his family .
Justice Department Denies Participation by U.S. Authorities
Hamdan 's brother , Hossam Hemdan , said he is extremely frightened about Naji 's prospects at trial , particularly given that the Court in which he is being tried does not allow appeals and that he could be sentenced to death .
" This has been a nightmare for our family .
My brother has always been an upstanding citizen , strong husband and able father .
But when I saw him in prison , I hardly recognized him .
He was frail , trembling and very fearful of the fate that awaits him , " said Hemdan .
Hemdan , also a U.S. citizen , said he is frustrated that the U.S. has done nothing to try to secure his brother 's release : " I do n't understand how our own government can just pretend they know nothing .
It 's as if we are n't even Americans . "
His lawyers say that given the intense surveillance of Hamdan , originally from Lebanon , over the past several years by the FBI - intense questioning at airports every time he or his relatives fly and the visit by FBI agents just weeks before his detention - they believe the U.S. government is behind his capture and interrogation .
" There is strong evidence that U.S. officials not only sought Hamdan 's arrest by a foreign government , but apparently participated in his interrogation and torture in violation of federal criminal law , " said Ahilan Arulanantham , an American Civil Liberties Union staff lawyer representing Hamdan through his brother and wife .
" We hope that the Obama Administration will do the right thing and work to ensure Hamdan 's safe release from custody , " Arulanantham added .
The Department of Justice has denied that U.S. authorities had anything to do with the detention of Hamdan .
Brad Garrett , former FBI agent and now an ABC News consultant , said that the majority of information the FBI would gather on someone like Hamdan would come from wiretapping his cell phone and home phone .
He said they also commonly send sources or undercover agents with wires to talk to the person and possibly use surveillance videos .
" People get jammed up because of who they associate with and not what they do , " said Garrett , who added that it is not uncommon for agents to fly overseas to question someone .
DOJ Moved to Have Case Thrown Out
Garrett said law enforcement agencies often work with other nations , especially friendly ones , and ask them to help with surveillance of a person they have been watching .
However , he said , the FBI cannot ask a foreign agency to use tactics that are illegal in this country : " It would have been against the rules for an FBI agent to even be in the room during an interview like that . "
He noted that just because the English - speaking person Hamdan heard sounded American , " we do n't know if he was FBI . "
The DOJ moved to have the case thrown out , citing in court documents that the U.S. does not have jurisdiction in the UAE , and that the FBI denied requesting the UAE to detain Hamdan or interrogate him while he has been in UAE custody .
The FBI said that it does not " ask other countries to detain U.S. citizens on our behalf " in order to circumvent their rights .
" As to any ongoing lawsuit we have no comment , " FBI spokesman Richard Kolko told ABC News.com .
Steven Pike , U.S. Embassy Public Affairs Officer in Abu Dhabi , said the Embassy is in contact with Hamdan and is " carrying out normal consular responsibilities . "
Pike said he cannot comment further on the case because the state department does not have a Privacy Act Waiver that authorizes him to speak to the media .
The UAE Embassy in Washington , DC declined to comment , citing that this is a " police / security " matter .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
If you hang around courts long enough , regardless of which side of the law you ’re on ( ahem ) , you ’re bound to see some crazy things .
Usually , the craziness comes from the litigants in the court cases , but sometimes judges lend their own sense of loopiness to the proceedings when they hand down their sentences .
Here are 14 such instances of unusual sentencing , be they “ creative ” or “ crackpot . ”
Noise Ordinance Violators Forced to Listen to Barry Manilow
Fort Lupton , Colorado :
In the small town of Fort Lupton , Judge Paul Sacco gives people who blast their car stereos too loud a taste of their own medicine by forcing them to listen to blaring music for an hour .
The music is designed to be as grating as possible to the offenders , whose music of choice tends to be hip - hop and rock ‘n roll : Barry Manilow , Dolly Parton , classical music , nursery rhymes , TV theme songs and maybe a show tune or two .
No word on what happens if someone is arrested for blasting “ Copacabana . ”
Men Sentenced to Dress in Drag
Coshocton , Ohio : Judge David Hostetler gave Jason Householder , 23 , and John Stockum , 21 , two options of punishment for throwing beer bottles at a woman in a car : 60 days in jail or an hour of walking through downtown Coshocton in dresses , wigs and makeup .
They chose the dresses .
The punishment was meant to teach the young men to respect women , but it may have just taught them how to walk in heels .
Judge Rules Sex Offender Is Too Short for Prison
Sidney , Nebraska : Convicted child molester Richard W. Thompson , 50 , was given 10 years ’ probation in lieu of prison time when Judge Kristine Cecava declared that the 5 - foot - 1 man ’s stature , combined with the nature of his crime , would put him in danger in jail .
Wait , you mean jail is dangerous ?
Man Forbidden to Have a Girlfriend
Ontario , Canada : Arrested for attacking his ex-girlfriend , Steven Cranley , 24 , was declared by doctors to have difficulty coping with rejection and was thus ordered by Judge Rhys Morgan to refrain from “ a romantic relationship of an intimate nature with a female person ” for three years .
During that time , he received counseling , but half - way through his sentence , he again assaulted a female acquaintance ( a different one ) and was sentenced to two years in jail .
Judge Arrests Entire Courtroom
Niagara Falls , New York : Later claiming to have been under stress in his personal life , Judge Robert Restaino went ballistic one day in 2005 when he heard a cell phone ring in his courtroom .
When the offender did n’t step forward to confess , Restaino pulled the equivalent of a grade school teacher making the class put their heads on their desks and arrested the entire courtroom .
Fourty - six people were thrown in jail .
Thirty - two of them posted bail and the rest were shackled and bused to another facility .
Restaino ordered them released later that day , but the damage had been done ; the judge was relieved of his position .
Judge Makes Slumlord Live in His Own Building
Cleveland , Ohio :
In what sounds like something out of a Joe Pesci movie , landlord Nicholas Dionisopoulos , who owned over 40 run-down properties in Cleveland , was sentenced to six months ’ house arrest in one of the units , where he presumably experienced a series of wacky pratfalls before finally realizing the err of his ways — unless Hollywood lied to us .
He was also fined $ 100,000 .
Man Sentenced to Church
Davenport , Iowa : Running out of patience with longtime criminal Pachino Hill , 29 , Judge Christine Dalton sentenced the man to eight weeks of church , along with counseling and probation .
Within 10 months , he was on trial again , this time for vehicular manslaughter in relation to a home invasion — not to mention a his involvement in a separate stabbing .
Six - Year - Old Boy Sentenced to Traffic School
Los Lunas , New Mexico :
When a woman was ticketed because her six - year - old son was n’t wearing a seatbelt , she expressed her frustration that the boy refused to stay buckled up and would repeatedly undo the restraint while she drove .
She asked Judge John Sanchez for help , so he sentenced the grade schooler to traffic school — specifically , a seatbelt safety class specially designed for the child .
Man Ordered to Wear “ Sex Offender ” T - shirt at Work
Newark , Delaware : Convicted of exposing himself to 10 - year - old girl while on the job , 69 - year - old Russell Teeter was sentenced to 60 days in jail , with the unusual stipulation that upon his release , he must wear a t - shirt reading “ I am a registered sex offender ” at work for 22 straight months .
Teeter should consider himself lucky on a couple of counts : 1 ) he ’s self - employed , running a gardening business with his ( delusional ? ) wife , and 2 ) the sentence seems pretty light , considering his 10 indecent exposure convictions since 1976 .
Woman Has to Eat Bread and Water
Houston , Texas : Convicted of animal neglect that led to the euthanization of one of her horses , 28 - year - old Melissa Dawn Sweeney was sentenced to 30 days in jail , the first three with nothing to eat but bread and water — which was “ more than her horses got , ” according to Judge Mike Peters .
I guess a riding crop would ’ve been out of the question .
Court Agrees to Give Rapist Lighter Sentence If Victim Agrees to Marry Him
New Delhi , India : Pushing forgiveness to the extreme , a New Delhi court asked a rape victim to consider marrying her attacker because she ’d have few other options due to the stigma of being raped .
If she said yes , the court would actually reduce the man ’s sentence — presumably so they could spend more time together ?
Thankfully , she refused the offer , and the rapist was sentenced to life in prison , where he may very well catch his own case of stigma .
Drunk Driver Ordered to Carry Photo of Dead Victim
Butler , Pennsylvania :
When Jennifer Langston , 27 , was convicted of driving drunk and causing the accident that killed Glenn Clark and put his pregnant wife in a coma , she was sentenced to only 30 days in jail and ordered to carry a photo of Clark so that she could reflect on her actions .
When the picture provided by the victim ’s mother turned out to be that of Clark in his coffin , Langston protested , apparently not appropriately relieved at her light sentence .
However , Judge George Hancher insisted , and she was forced to carry the photo with her for five years .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2009 June 13
The Milky Road
Credit & Copyright : Larry Landolfi
Explanation : Inspired by the night skies of planet Earth in the International Year of Astronomy , photographer Larry Landolfi created this tantalizing fantasy view .
The composited image suggests a luminous Milky Way is the heavenly extension of a country road .
Of course , the name for our galaxy , the Milky Way ( in Latin , Via Lactea ) , does refer to its appearance as a milky band or path in the sky .
In fact , the word galaxy itself derives from the Greek for milk .
Visible on moonless nights from dark sky areas , though not so bright or colorful as in this image , the glowing celestial band is due to the collective light of myriad stars along the plane of our galaxy , too faint to be distinguished individually .
The diffuse starlight is cut by dark swaths of obscuring galactic dust clouds .
Four hundred years ago , Galileo turned his telescope on the Milky Way and announced it to be " ... a congeries of innumerable stars ... "
Since you are all inquisitive scientists , it is not a big surprise that sex is a popular topic of study in the real world .
I attended a talk by Mary Roach , author of “ Bonk : The Curious Coupling Of Science And Sex ” , at UC Davis on Monday .
Aside from the series of thank - yous provided by the introducer that seemed more appropriate for an Academy Award than an author of a pop science book on sex , it got right to the meat and potatoes .
She opened with the statement , “ Thank you for coming…er , I mean attending . ”
The relieved laughter ( probably that she was n’t going to attack this in a text book way ) set the tone for the talk .
I did n’t have my tape recorder and I know that a live stream is available on the UC Davis writing program page , but I think it ’s more interesting to write this blog based on the notes that I took , since I do n’t know by what strange means I decided to write down the things I did .
Somewhere down the line , I think I probably need to be studied as well .
I ’m just throwing that out there in case there is a scientist out there who does n’t have a squeamish stomach or sensitive hearing and is in desperate need of a for grad school .
ary Roach M and moi .
Back to the author .
This book came to be when Mary Roach decided to fully immerse herself in the research conducted in sex laboratories .
In fact , she got downright dirty in her research efforts to the point of actually using herself and her husband as the participants in these labs ( apparently there are some confidentiality issues with having another party watch and take notes of how people watch and take notes of people having sex for research purposes ? ) .
She did not recommend being the researcher and research subject simultaneously ,
since her note - taking was apparently a negative variable in her husband ’s performance .
So here is a filtered synopsis , according to my notes : 70 % of women do n’t have orgasms during sex in the ‘ traditional ’ missionary position .
In pigs , the clitoris is inside the vagina .
In 1917 Marie Bonaparte got together a group of women and measured the distance from their clitoris to their vaginal openings , after thinking that this distance may be linked to the ability to have an orgasm .
Her findings were n’t of note , but she did later find out that her husband was gay ( here I wrote a note to self in my margins , “ check with hubby to see if he ’s gay before contacting a transgender surgeon to relocate my stuff ” ) .
The room erupted in laughter quite a few times , and while I did find her amusing , I started pondering the idea of laughing out loud at lectures like this .
For instance , why did n’t I ever laugh out loud ?
Are they forcing it ?
Do they want to seem cool and at ease with the subject matter by doing it ?
I wished I had Bloggy the Bear ( http://www.science20.com/science_20/blog/blogging_aaas_meeting_chicago ) to offer some comfort and be the voice of reason , and also to encourage me to be a more assiduous note taker , but he is taking a short LOA while waiting for some scientific accoutrements to arrive before his next adventure .
Until then , I get to mind wander .
My attention jolted back to Mary ( I feel I can be on a first name basis since we have had more intimate discussions than I ’ve had with most of my friends ) when she announces the topic she will now be discussing is The Orgasm .
I like her use of the term because it makes it sound powerful and important , like The President , or Madonna .
Quickly I come to believe that somehow she has been paid by a third party to create a fear in women of orgasming , since the strange findings she chose to share were a little alarming .
There is a woman in Saudi Arabia who was ( and very probably is ) having 30 spontaneous orgasms daily .
She said it has ruined her life and she cannot partake in cultural and religious rituals , among other things , I ’m sure .
I think of her as a teenager running up stairs and slamming her door screaming .
Then there was a woman who would have an orgasm every time she brushed her teeth .
They tried to study the brain activity while she is brushing her teeth to figure out what the connection was , but nothing conclusive came of it .
Or was concluded for that matter .
And the saddest part of the story was that the woman gave up on brushing and took up mouthwash as her main source of oral care .
I went to brush myteeth before bed , fearing this orgasm bandit is lurking around every corner .
It was along the lines of being afraid of suddenly contracting Tourette ’s Syndrome , which is completely improbable I know , but I brushed my teeth for 18 minutes just to be sure .
Then she talked about a woman who practiced the art of Tantra for two years and can now will herself to have an orgasm .
For the record , women have been able to ‘ will ’ themselves to have orgasms for many moons now .
Either way , the woman sat on a bench in public and in a minute and one half , she was having one .
Again my stupidity is standing in my way of understanding this .
So this woman practiced for two whole years to give herself an orgasm in 1.5 minutes , when the complaint of women has been that men can’t ' go ' long enough since the time of dinosaurs ?
I think that maybe Mary was sponsored by celibacy.org .
I do n’t know if the economy has anything to do with it , but sometimes orgasms and brushing teeth can lead to a career change and increased profitability .
One manufacturer , who will not be named , switched from making electric toothbrushes to making dildos , because he found out what his product was really being used for .
Good for him I say , I think more household goods should be converted .
Electric toaster ?
A mop ?
Since we know it ’s getting the cold shoulder since Swiffer showed up .
She also covered for a brief time the ridiculous things found ( because they got them stuck ) in anal cavities of patients .
I will spare these details because I was really worried for our nation ’s intelligence level and inevitable self - destruction after hearing some of the items people deemed appropriate to place there .
I was so consumed by sadness and stupor that I did n’t even write them down .
Regardless , they are lodged in my brain cavity .
At the conclusion of her talk she began to take questions from the audience .
Some eager students asked questions , which quite frankly , they had obviously edited and re-written 74 times on the bus on the way there .
Mainly , they wanted a step - by - step blueprint of how to be ‘ cool ’ writers about taboo topics in a legitimate field .
Her P.R. rep must have taught her well , because she handled it quite nicely , I thought ; inserting laughter and shrugging appropriately and humbly , while avoiding unanswerable questions by offering cute anecdotes .
In conclusion : I am nowhere closer to knowing what triggers orgasms , I have added fear of doing it in the missionary position , toothbrushes and pig genitalia to my list of phobias to discuss with my therapist next week , I am contemplating taking Tantra lessons on the off chance that I wind up stranded alone on an island someday ( it could happen ) , and I put Mary Roach down in my little black science book in case I ever need a recipe for artificial sperm … she says she knows two .
