Bokononism
Bokononism finds its roots on the Carribean island of San Lorenzo in the 1920's .
It was there and then that Bokonon first preached on the folly of understanding and the hollowness of truth with which he won the people over .
He encapsulated his teachings in a series of books , now called the Books of Bokonon , which form the gospel so to speak of Bokononism .
Many of his teachings were perhaps best summarised when he said :
Buy.com seems to be buying iPhones from foreign countries where it has n't been locked down to a specific carrier , then selling them in the US for $ 800 .
Advertisement
The sales description says that these phones work fine with software updates — something software unlocks do n't — but your instructions may come in a language that 's not English .
That 's a small price to pay for an unlocked iPhone .
A big price to pay ?
$ 800 .
[ Buy via 9to5Mac ]
Shimon is a robotic marimba player that actively listens to the other musicians , not just playing pre-programmed music .
Shimon was created by Guy Hoffman from the Georgia Institute of Technology .
Guy ’s website states the following :
Using a novel gesture - based improvisation and motor control system , the robot listens to the human play and tries to match its beat , sync , and themes .
It uses choreographic gestures to generate both motion and sound .
Guy is also the creator of AUR , a Robotic Desk Lamp .
Watch Guy and Shimon perform Duke Jordan ’s “ Jordu ” after the break .
Link via ( Gizmodo )
A flush could be a warning sign People who get a flushed face when they drink alcohol should be particularly wary of gullet cancer , experts warn .
About 8 % of the population - mostly people of East Asian descent - have an enzyme deficiency that causes their skin to redden when they drink alcohol .
National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism research found even moderate drinkers with this deficiency were more at risk of oesophageal cancer .
The report authors told PLoS Medicine such people may benefit from screening .
We estimate that at least 540 million people have this alcohol - related increased risk for oesophageal cancer
Lead researcher Dr Philip Brooks Alcohol - induced flush is predominantly down to an inherited deficiency in an enzyme called aldehyde dehydrogenase 2 ( ALDH2 ) .
Although this is widely known , few are aware of the accumulating evidence that ALDH2 - deficient individuals are at much higher risk of oesophageal cancer from alcohol consumption , say the researchers .
Dr Philip Brooks and his team from the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism , working with Japanese colleagues , assessed how big the extra risk is .
They found individuals with one copy of the inactive gene causing ALDH2 - deficiency were 6 - 10 times more likely to develop oesophageal cancer than individuals with the fully active ALDH2 enzyme who drank comparable amounts of alcohol .
They said if moderate or heavy drinking people with this deficiency were to become light drinkers instead , 53 % of oesophageal cancers might be prevented among Japanese men .
They based their calculations on light consumption being fewer than 25 UK units of alcohol per week , moderate being fewer than 50 UK units and heavy being more than 50 UK units per week .
Raising awareness
In the UK , a unit of alcohol is 8g and the Department of Health recommends men should not drink more than three to four units of alcohol a day , and women should drink no more than two to three .
Dr Brooks said : " Cancer of the oesophagus is particularly deadly , with five - year survival rates ranging from 12 % to 31 % throughout the world .
" And we estimate that at least 540 million people have this alcohol - related increased risk for oesophageal cancer .
" We hope that , by raising awareness of this important public health problem , affected individuals who drink will reduce their cancer risk by limiting their alcohol consumption . "
He said doctors could determine ALDH2 deficiency simply by asking about previous episodes of flushing .
Then people could be counselled to reduce alcohol consumption , and those high - risk patients could be assessed for endoscopic cancer screening .
Oliver Childs , of the charity Cancer Research UK , said : " We know that drinking alcohol increases the risk of several different cancers , and that the more you cut down on your drinking , the more you reduce your cancer risk .
" This research helps us better understand how our environment and genes work in tandem to influence our risk of cancer . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : Chinatown - Gallery Place
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
Me : Not Jewish ( Gentile ) , dashing , gazelle on the dance floor and drunk
In case you were as blacked out as I think you were , I feel as though I should reintroduce myself .
You were dancing around and enjoying the festive cake and brownies at the JCC inaugural bar mitzvah …
I mean inaugural ball , before cabbing to Chinatown and passing out in my bed .
Nothing makes me swoon for interfaith relationships like a girl who passes out in my lap in the back of a cab .
You might be asking yourself “ why did that sweet boy not call me ? ” or “ did I really wake up in a random guy ’s bed in Chinatown ? ” and other important questions to gauge whether or not last night was a dream , drunken haze or bittersweet reality .
Allow me to answer those questions .
While I have not called you , I did text you to make sure you succeeded in getting a cab at 7 am and making it to work on time .
However , in the heat of the moment last night , you either you gave me the wrong number , or we were both so F ’ed up that the number went into my phone incorrectly .
My equally blacked out friend ( who you met in the bathroom and introduced us on the dance floor ) pawned you off on me – the responsible , mitzvah - seeking guy who had been hitting on you most of the night – when it became clear that you could not effectively locate any of your belongings or coherently tell us where you lived .
Upon stumbling into my apt , you decided the party must go on , albeit you could n’t stand or keep your eyes open .
Again , quality traits I look for when asking myself , “ could I see myself converting for this woman ? ”
Once you changed into my clothes and passed out immediately in my bed , I was n’t sure whether to sleep on the floor or in my bed .
However , the cute way you drunkenly mumbled to yourself “ I should stop drinking on Tuesdays ” as you woke up , confirmed my decision to sleep in bed and make sure you did n’t suffocate in the sea of pillows before you .
I must say , the morning was n’t as awkward as I thought it ’d be .
I figured you ’d freak out , not knowing where you were or whose bed you were in .
You took relative comfort in how I left a big glass of water and Excedrin ( not rufies ) on the table .
After offering you more clothing to keep you warm outside and walking you out to get a cab , I went back to bed saying to myself , “ I think that classy woman might be the one .
” If you ’re reading this , my offer to take you out to dinner still stands .
I 'm a mensch at heart and will bring the Manischewitz .
By Kavita Krishnan
April 24 , 2009 --
The media ’s poll pundits have already declared that there are “ no issues ” in India ’s 2009 parliamentary polls .
At the same time , the corporate media houses have launched campaigns seeking to ``awaken ’’ middle - and upper - class voters .
They have been awash in self - congratulation at their success in mobilising this class of voters – the only class , they imply , which is capable of making Indian politics clean and meaningful , because it is not a ``vote bank ’’.
``Slumdogs ’’ , they rue , are even willing to sell their kids , so their votes are suspect – while sheer wealth places corporates and crorepatis above corruption .
[ India ’s Lok Sabha ( national lower house of parliament ) polls , are being held in five phases between April 16 and May 13 , 2009 . ]
The Congress party made the Slumdog Crorepati ’s ``Jai Ho ’’ tune its election theme song ; but the fact is that it is crorepatis who constitute a considerable section of its candidates in this election .
( Crorepati is Hindi for ``millionaire ’’ ; the film Slumdog Millionaire was released in Hindi as Slumdog Crorepati .
The word comes from the Hindi word crore , which is Rs 10,000,000 .
``Jai Ho ’’ , Slumdog Millionaire ’s theme song , means ``Victory ’’ or ``Be Victorious ’’. )
In the second phase of the election , Congress has fielded the highest number of crorepati candidates ( 65 ) followed by Bharatiya Janata Party ( 46 ) , Bahujan Samaj Party ( 28 ) and SP ( 16 ) .
According to declared assets ( routinely falsified to appear less vast than they really are ) , there were 193 crorepati candidates in the first phase and 288 in the second phase .
In Karnataka , reportedly , one in every four candidates is a crorepati .
In Maharashtra , 12 % of candidates are crorepatis .
In Orissa , no less than 27 candidates mock the poverty and hunger of its poor with multimillionaire bankbooks .
As it is , even in times of economic crisis , it is crorepatis who can sing ``Jai Ho ’’ since they continue to feature in lists of the world ’s richest people .
Communalists
We also have the venom of communalists to contend with .
Ads for BJP leader Advani show him flexing his muscles and lifting dumbbells in a gym : a crude proclamation of the ``strength ’’ and machismo of Advani , Hindutva [ Hindu chauvinism ] and their promised ``hard state ’’ .
The hard realities of communal pogroms are sought to be forgotten .
The media made much of Maoist violence on the first day of polls – projecting it as an attack on India ’s exemplary democracy .
The fact , however , is that the Maoist attacks and ``boycott ’’ calls , too , were part and parcel of the mainstream of Indian parliamentary democracy : in most places , such attacks only facilitated the booth - capturing efforts of one or the other ruling class formations .
Events have proved , time and again , that India ’s parliamentary democracy is a highly biased and unequal playing ground .
Maoists have no monopoly on poll violence .
The murder of a Dalit candidate in Uttar Pradesh – after he defied threats by the candidate ( a notorious upper caste feudal mafia ) of the Bahujan Samaj Party , a party that claims to represent the Dalits ( stigmatised as ``untouchables ’’ ) and refused to withdraw from the contest -- is one instance ( the latest , incidentally , in a series of crimes and killings by Bahujan Samaj Party leaders ) .
While Varun Gandhi gets bail and is allowed to contest and campaign in spite of threatening to chop off heads and hands of Muslims , Dr. Binayak Sen , jailed on zero evidence on the charge of abetting Maoists , continues to be denied bail in spite of his failing health .
In Purnea ( Bihar ) , Pappu Yadav , convicted for the murder of Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) -- CPI ( M ) -- MLA Ajit Sarkar , has been barred from contesting .
But the Congress has given his wife a ticket from Supaul while supporting his mother ’s candidature in Purnea , where he , having been released on bail , poses a direct threat to Comrade Madhavi Sarkar who is the CPI ( ML ) ’s candidate at Purnea .
While in Robertsganj , the nomination of Communist Party of India ( Marxist - Lenenist ) -- CPI ( ML ) -- candidate ( leader of adivasi – Indigenous and tribal peoples ’ -- struggles for land and forest rights , Comrade Jitendra Kol ) has been cancelled on the spurious and untenable grounds that two of his proposers ( illiterate adivasis ) used thumb impressions .
The CPI ( ML ) ’s subsequent poll - boycott protest in Robertsganj was one that relied on raising the consciousness of the people and on people ’s agency rather than intimidation , took the form of parallel polls in which people voted with thumb - impressions .
Challenge
The challenge in this election is to make the voice of the people heard above the clamour of crorepatis , communalists and the corporate media .
It is gratifying that a shoe - missile succeeded in making communal violence a poll issue and forced the Congress to withdraw two candidates accused of leading the 1984 anti-Sikh pogrom ( that was unleashed by the Congress following the assassination of Prime Minister Indira Gandhi by her Sikh guards ) .
Modi , murderer of Muslims in Gujarat , is reportedly worried about shoe - missiles and is addressing rallies from behind net barriers .
Another burning issue which progressive forces are raising in the election is the Indian government ’s response to the war on the Tamil people in Sri Lanka .
With the Sri Lankan military intensifying the bloodbath of Tamil civilians in that country , there is anger and outrage in India at the cynical manipulation and double - speak of parties and governments on this issue .
Congress is virtually justifying the massacre by referring to Rajiv Gandhi ’s assassination – but why should Sri Lankan Tamil civilians pay with their lives for that assassination ?
The Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam party ( DMK ) -- led by the Tamilnadu state ’s Chief Minister Karunanidhi -- and All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam -- led by J. Jayalalitha , former ally of the Bharatiya Janata Party - led National Democratic Alliance , now partner of the ``Third Front ’’ with the CPI ( M ) -- are both vying to champion the issue .
But the DMK ’s rhetoric is exposed by the fact that as a partner of the Congress - led United Progressive Alliance ( UPA ) national government , it did nothing decisive to force the Indian government to intervene effectively .
The CPI ( M ) general secretary has rightly said that , had the UPA government spent a fraction of the energy wasted on the nuclear deal with the US in addressing the Tamil question in Sri Lanka , it could have made a big difference .
But the question is : what did the CPI ( M ) do towards forcing the government to intervene in the more than four years in which they supported it ?
Today , the CPI ( M ) ’s ally Jayalalitha is sharing a dais and shedding crocodile tears for Tamils along with Marumalarchi Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam [ another Tamilnadu regional party ] leader Vaiko ( V. Gopalswamy ) – the same Vaiko whom , during Jayalalitha ’s own tenure as chief minister , was jailed under Prevention of Terrorism
Act for his alleged support to the banned Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) .
` Local issues ’
Media stories declaring that there are “ no issues ” in this election do concede that “ local issues ” ( which they disparage ) are in abundance .
The fact is that these so - called “ local ” issues are usually issues of hunger and unemployment – the twin burning issues that are to be found all over India and are therefore the real national issues .
However much ruling class parties try to put a brave face and deny this , the fact remains that most of them have been forced to include subsidised food grains and expanding the NREGA ( National Rural Employment Guarantee Act ) as part of their manifestos – a tacit admission of the spectres of hunger and joblessness that haunt this election .
The CPI ( ML ) is boldly striving to assert these issues in the election campaign and to ensure that the voice of opposition on the streets reverberates in the parliament too .
After a weekend of moderating comments on a previous entry on the Pirates of Somalia , I felt compelled to run this photograph .
A huge number of comments came into that earlier entry with attempts to explain , justify , cheer or laud these Somali men who are seizing ships and boats at gunpoint ( various claims about toxic waste dumping , illegal fishing , unfair treatment by western nations , somalis defending their coast ) .
I usually make a point not to editorialize , so forgive the indulgence here - but what possible justification could there be for what is seen in this photograph ?
All of the above rationalizations ring terribly hollow .
In this photo are three of the five armed Somalis who captured the private yacht " Tanit " on April 4 , off the coast of Somalia , and four of the five French hostages , including the 28 - year - old skipper Florent Lemacon ( sunglasses ) , his wife Chloe , and - barely visible - their 3 - year - old son Colin .
On Friday , April 10th , with the captors sailing the yacht toward land , French special forces stormed the boat , killing two of the pirates and capturing three others .
Florent Lemacon was killed in the crossfire , an investigation is underway to determine exactly whose bullet killed the man .
( 1 photo total )
Some Hispanic advocacy groups are calling for illegal immigrants to boycott the 2010 Census unless immigration laws are changed .
The move puts them at odds with leading immigrant rights advocates and creates another hurdle in the Census Bureau 's quest to count everyone in the USA .
The National Coalition of Latino Clergy & Christian Leaders , a group that says it represents 20,000 evangelical churches in 34 states , issued a statement this week urging undocumented immigrants not to fill out Census forms unless Congress passes " genuine immigration reform . "
Similar grass - roots campaigns are unfolding in Arizona and New Mexico to protest state and local crackdowns on illegal immigrants .
Asking immigrants to be counted without giving them a chance to become legal residents counters church teachings , says the Rev. Miguel Rivera , president of the Latino religious coalition .
When the Census counts growing numbers of Hispanics , the counts are often used to support crackdowns on illegal immigrants , he says .
About 38 % of the churches ' 3.4 million members are undocumented , he says .
The Census Bureau does not ask people if they are here illegally .
" Our job is to count every single person , " says Raul Cisneros , Census spokesman .
" We are disappointed that any organization would urge anyone to not participate in the 2010 Census . "
Federal funding and apportionment of seats in the U.S. House of Representatives are based on a Census of the population every 10 years .
Not counting the estimated 12 million immigrants who are here illegally would send less money to states and cities that have large numbers of undocumented residents and could shift political clout elsewhere .
" We know it will hurt a lot of cities , " Rivera says .
That 's the bargaining chip boycott supporters are using to lobby lawmakers to issue temporary work visas for undocumented workers and give them a way to become citizens .
The call for a boycott " may be well - intended but misguided and ultimately irresponsible , " says Arturo Vargas , executive director of the National Association of Latino Elected Officials and a member of a Census advisory panel .
" There is a sense of desperation and frustration among some immigrant rights leaders " that Congress has not taken action on such issues , Vargas says .
They should give the new administration a chance , he says .
That is not allaying concerns in states that have imposed sanctions on employers who hire illegal immigrants or in cities and counties that have given police the power to enforce immigration laws .
In Phoenix , immigrant advocates such as Alfredo Gutierrez , host of a daily radio program on a Spanish station , threaten a Census boycott to protest crackdowns on illegal immigrants .
In Roswell , N.M. , businessman Bobby Villegas launched a campaign in February to get undocumented workers to boycott the Census .
He 's doing it as the city nears 50,000 population , a mark that would give it the government designation as a metropolitan area , which puts cities on the map for national marketers and retailers .
" Are we going to bring more money in the community so that they can hire more police officers who then will go out after more undocumented ? "
Villegas asks .
The Roswell Hispano Chamber of Commerce he helped found voiced support for the Census , but " it 's going to be very hard to reach these individuals and say , ' Trust me , ' " says Juan Oropesa , executive director .
Nationally , efforts to have the Census reach Hispanics get backing from major Spanish - speaking media and organizations .
For the first time , the Census will send forms in English and Spanish to about 13 million households in areas that have a high concentration of Hispanics .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Google Moderatorには、Googleのエンジニアが質問に答えるAsk a Google engineerというページがある。ここでLinuxのAndrew Morton やPython のGuido van Rossumと一緒に 、UNIXやPlan9の開発者として有名なKen Thompsonが質問に答えている。将来のOS像についても軽く触れていて興味深い。詳細は実際に目を通してもらいたいが、いくつか抜き出してみる。
まずは、時間をさかのぼることができたらUNIXの何を直したいかという質問から。creat「e」とお約束の答えをした後に、
ポータビリティ イーサネット とIP よりもよい通信 プロセスごとの名前空間 ファイルシステムへのリモートアクセスプロトコル
を挙げている。1、3、4はPlan9で実現されている。2はどんなものを想定しているんだろう？Plan9にもILがあったが、成功したとは言えなそうだな（ILはL4プロトコルだから2には該当しないか）。
続いて 、Plan9を再設計できたとしたらという質問に対しては、数多くのPlan9システムを緩やかに接続して、巨大で信頼性のあるシングルシステムイメージで動作するOS（今風で呼ぶと「クラウドOS」）を作りたいそうな。おそらくこのようなフレームワークの基盤にはLinuxよりもPlan9が向いていると考えているのだろう。そう考えると、Plan9が当初からターミナル、CPUサーバ、ファイルサーバと分離された設計になっていたのは、時代を先取りしていたのかもしれない。今で言うとWebブラウザ、Amazon EC2、S3とでもなるか。（クラウド自体がメインフレーム時代への逆行と言う捉え方もあろうし）ちょっと言い過ぎか。9fansでもこのインタビューについての議論が盛り上がっているが、この観点からのPlan9の技術的な問題点は、ネットワーク上の資源を静的に設定しなけばいけない点にある（/lib/ndbにハードコードされている）。クラウドが要求する動的性を、OSに実装していくというのは面白いテーマかもしれない。
とにかくクラウドコンピューティングに関してはかなり肯定的に考えているようだ。今後10年で開発が必要な技術としても、このようなクラスタリング技術、言うなれば「ディペンダブルなクラウドOS」みたいなことを挙げている。そしてPaxos（要は多数決プロトコル）ライクな分散データベースが基礎になるのではとも。
Ken Thompson自身はすでにネイティブのPlan9ではなく、LinuxやMacOS上からPlan9portを使っているそうだ。その他にはAndroidに関する質問もいくつかある。
最後に、ベル研が恋しくないかという問いには、きっぱり「まったくない」と答えている。70年代のことは思い返すこともあるようだけど。
Our nation today is only now realizing the extent of the resounding victory for progressive ideals registered on election day .
Progressives triumphed in all regions of the country and won overwhelming support from individuals of all different backgrounds .
President - elect Barack Obama defeated Sen. John McCain ( R - AZ ) decisively , winning the most votes in history and the largest share of the popular vote of any presidential candidate in two decades .
Candidates running on progressive platforms helped Democrats expand their majorities in both houses of Congress .
Democrats now have the most elected members of Congress any party has held since 1995 .
Now comes the hard part .
Our country faces enormous challenges , many the direct result of eight years of hapless conservative governance .
The worst financial crisis since the Great Depression is only the latest blow delivered to the American people after years of stagnant wages and the worst job - creation record since Herbert Hoover .
Our increasingly costly health care system leaves out more and more Americans every year .
Years of war in Iraq have left Americans less safe at home and abroad despite the incredible sacrifice of our brave fighting men and women there and in Afghanistan , where the Taliban and the Al Qaeda terrorists who attacked us on 9/11 are mounting a comeback .
And our planet is now eight years closer to catastrophic climate change .
Sen .
McCain and other conservatives supported these policies , and they ran this election year on ambitious conservative plans that would have gone even further .
The American people rejected these stale ideas yesterday , understanding the dismal consequences of conservatism these past eight years .
The urgency of our problems was central to the decisions of American voters , who were significantly more likely to say that the economy , taxes , heath care , and energy were ìvery importantî compared to four years ago , according to the Pew Research Center .
Thatís why candidates who embraced progressive solutions to these problems won .
Obama ran on the most progressive platform of any presidential candidate in at least 15 years , including a promise of universal health care coverage , a dramatic transformation to a low - carbon economy , and a historic investment in education .
Winning congressional candidates also embraced progressive policies .
And polls showed that voters supported progressive solutions by wide margins .
In a few short months , leaders who support progressive ideals will take up the reins of government in Washington .
We must rise to the occasion .
We must move beyond the false choice of left versus center to embrace solutions as big as the challenges we face .
We need investments now to jumpstart our economy while laying the foundations for sustained economic growth .
Restoring confidence in our economy will require a new direction for the economy , health care , clean energy , and education .
And we must be willing to set priorities on government spending to restore budgetary responsibility in the coming years .
If we do these things , then we can translate yesterdayís victory at the polls into a victory for health care , clean energy , national security , and a stronger and larger middle class .
The American people are ready .
Now it ’s time to deliver .
Corbis
HEARTENING though it may have been to shareholders in RWE , the rosy earnings forecast released on April 22nd by Germany 's second - largest electricity firm was unfortunately timed .
RWE 's prediction that profits would only go up over the next few years , recession be damned , comes just days after Germany 's federal cartel office said it had started an investigation into electricity producers , including RWE , and the wholesale electricity market .
The competition regulator is trying to work out why energy prices in Europe 's biggest economy are so stubbornly high , and in some cases still rising , even though oil and gas prices have fallen sharply .
It suspects that generators may have been keeping prices artificially high by , for instance , shutting power stations in concert to limit supplies .
Finding evidence of that sort of skulduggery may be difficult , and proving it even more so .
But regulators need not look too hard to see that Germany 's electricity market is broken and that a flawed liberalisation of the market over the past decade seems only to have entrenched many of its problems .
The first sign that the market is not working is in Germany 's electricity prices , which are among the highest in Europe , even though it has access to abundant cheap coal .
Moreover , Germany 's electricity prices have remained persistently high even at times when they would have been expected to fall .
Analysts at Credit Suisse , an investment bank , reckon the slowing economy will reduce electricity demand by about 5 % .
Coal prices have dropped by half from last year .
Yet there is little sign that either falling demand or lower input costs are leading to cheaper electricity .
Wulf Bernotat , the boss of E.ON , Germany 's biggest electricity firm , said this month that he did not expect German consumer prices for electricity to fall this year .
The main reason Germany 's electricity market is not working as it should is the lack of competition .
The four biggest utilities in Germany generate more than 80 % of its electricity ; the top two , E.ON and RWE , more than 60 % .
Liberalisation has , if anything , exacerbated this .
Germany had eight big electricity producers in 1997 , before the government liberalised the market , but the number has since fallen by half because of mergers and takeovers , says Uwe Leprich of the Hochschule für Technik und Wirtschaft in Saarbrücken .
A second problem is that Germany 's biggest electricity generators also own the networks that distribute electricity .
Critics argue that this gives them a huge advantage over independent producers , which may struggle to gain access to the networks fairly or , if they do , gain as much information on supply and demand across the grid .
The European Commission has long criticised this “ vertical integration ” but it has had little success in getting its members to agree to force firms to “ unbundle ” generation and transmission .
Change is , however , coming on two fronts .
The first is that antitrust regulators in Germany seem to have woken up to the fact that the country 's electricity market is not competitive .
And the European Commission is having some success in forcing firms to “ unbundle ” using antitrust powers .
Late last year it closed an investigation into alleged price manipulation by E.ON after the utility agreed to sell its long - distance distribution network along with some of its generating stations .
And over the longer run , ambitious plans to increase the share of electricity from renewable sources may erode the dominance of the country 's four biggest electricity generators .
Germany hopes to get as much as 30 % of its electricity from renewable sources by 2020 , and although few in the industry think the target will be met , there is nevertheless likely to be a huge investment in new generating capacity over the coming decades .
Judicious action by antitrust authorities now could ensure that it adds to competition in the electricity market rather than simply entrenching the incumbents ' positions .
But because of the high cost of renewable energy , even with more competition in the market , Germany 's power prices are likely to keep on rising .
Representatives of several major religions have called for a game by radical developers Molleindustria to be removed from the internet because it is “ deeply provocative ” and “ disrespectful ” .
Faith Fighter is a punch - up game for one or two players which involves bouts between Jesus , Mohammed , Ganesh , Buddha , Budai , and God Himself .
According to its developers ,
Faith Fighter is the ultimate fighting game for these dark times .
Choose your belief and kick the shit out of your enemies .
Give vent to your intolerance !
Religious hate has never been so much fun .
Douglas Miller , pastor of the Link Church in Birmingham :
This game is going out of its way to upset people and I think it should be taken off the internet .
Playing violent video games will ultimately affect your behaviour and this game is deeply offensive and provocative .
A spokesman for the Leicester - based Federation of Muslim Organisations :
In the current climate , this game can only create fear about religion .
Having images depicting Muhammad in this way is also very offensive to our faith .
And Brian Appleyard called it “ an offensive , futile project ” .
Has it occurred to any of them not to play it ?
Molleindustria is the brainchild of Italian artist and game designer Paolo Pedercini .
Other games in the stable include Oligarchy , Queer Power , and the previously - banned Operation : Pedopriest .
Hope you ’re not busy today .
UPDATE : ( April 28 )
The game has been removed from the Molleindustria site in response to a statement from the OIC .
But you can still play it here .
New South Wales Police are being given sweeping new powers to search people 's homes and hack into their computers for up to three years without their knowledge .
The State Government admits police have already used the measures , even though the Supreme Court ruled the practices unlawful in 2006 .
The Government says new legislation , to be introduced into Parliament today , will ensure police evidence collected using the practices will hold up in court .
Police Minister Tony Kelly says the reforms will allow police to collect enough evidence for a prosecution without tipping off criminals .
Mr Kelly says all applications for the covert search warrant will have to go before a Supreme Court judge .
He says a judge would initially authorise the search to be kept secret for up to six months but police could apply for notification to be delayed for up to 18 months , or three years in exceptional circumstances .
" For particularly anybody who 's involved in crime or criminal activity , the police will now be able to undertake investigations and gather evidence before you know it , " he said .
" So anybody who 's involved in serious crime , the police will now be able to get on to you , even go into your computer . "
Police have welcomed the new laws but Australian Council for Civil Liberties president Terry O'Gorman says they are open to abuse .
" Clearly , if the police are able to search a person 's home without anyone being present , the police will be in the position to plant evidence , " he said .
" That 's a big worry .
This particular announcement today extends police powers hugely without putting in any checks and balances against those powers being abused . "
The laws will apply to offences punishable by at least seven years ' jail , including drugs and firearms offences , homicide , kidnapping , assault , money laundering , hacking , organised theft and corruption .
How I finally understood the Y Combinator ( and blew my damn mind )
Having learnt programming mostly in Python , I ’ve long wondered what it is the Lisp and Haskell people yabber about so intriguingly in my favorite forums .
This path lead me to finally get why they yabber so much , in five easy steps .
1. Figured it ’s about time to learn Haskell , and turned to the excellent introduction Learn You A Haskell For Great Good .
Read up until the chapter on recursion , and began to understand the fundmental distinction between functional programming and imperative style :
“ you do computations in Haskell by declaring what something is instead of declaring how you get it ”
[ mind status : mildly blown ]
2 . Got to the chapter on higher order functions and discovered the notion of function composition ( aka point - free programming ) .
Decided that was kinda cool .
[ mind status : moderately blown ]
3. Wondered about johnnowak ’s reddit comment wanting to see emphasis on point - free programming in a new programming language ; what is so great about writing programs by composing functions ?
Followed his link to tacit programming ( another name for point - free style ) .
Noticed that combinators / combinatory logic seem important to point - free style , and remembered that the language factor seems to do a lot of this , and that it looks pretty cool .
[ mind status : bordering on blown ]
4. Learnt about combinatory logic , to the point where the language unlambda , astonishingly , actually seemed to make sense .
[ mind status : blown ]
5 . From combinatory logic , followed a link to fixed point combinator , of which the most famous is the Y combinator ( which allows the definition of anonymous recursive functions ) .
Read , re-read ( including relevant links ) , re-re - read very slowly …
And that is the story of how I blew my damn mind .
Looking forward to finally start going through SICP and Real World Haskell .
—
Update : some comments on hacker news question the practical usefulness of understanding the Y combinator .
What blew my mind is how it forces an appreciation for the nature and power of thinking functionally .
Getting a feel for function composition , combinators and lambda calculus opens the door to a very different approach for creating programs .
A good introduction to why thinking functionally may be is useful is Functional Programming For The Rest of Us .
Also Raganwald ’s discussion of a classic functional programming paper , Why Functional Programming Matters .
Also , the Y combinator itself is very shiny .
We would have also accepted ...
1 . This bread and wine turns into a baseball when you eat it .
2 . The baseball is actually 3 baseballs , all different but all 1 and the same .
3 . This baseball died for your sins .
4 . This baseball wants you to give me lots of money .
5 . If I touch you with this baseball you wo n't have cancer anymore ... also give me lots of money ... just in case .
6 . If you do n't believe I have a baseball you will go to hell , but the baseball still loves you .
7 . If you believe anybody else has a baseball just like mine you are definitely going to hell .
8 . If you deny the holy spirit part of my baseball you can NEVER be forgiven and are SUPER DEFINITELY going to hell .
9 . This baseball does n't want you to tell the police what the priest did to you .
10 .
The baseball hates fags .
11 . The baseball hates liberals .
Somali pirates are believed to have made about $ 50 m last year Pirates have seized two European - owned tankers off the coast of Somalia in the past day , officials have said .
The Greek - owned vessel Nipayia , with 19 crew on board , was seized on Wednesday , the Nato Shipping Centre said .
The Norwegian - owned tanker Bow Asir was captured by pirates on Thursday .
It had a crew of 27 on board , the Norwegian Shipowners ' Association said .
Warships from more than a dozen nations currently patrol the region , following a spike in pirate attacks in 2008 .
A European Union naval taskforce of seven warships reports some success in preventing other seizures , BBC diplomatic correspondent James Robbins says .
But a spokesman for the taskforce stressed that patrolling more than a million square miles of ocean is a huge undertaking , our correspondent reports .
Some ships are taking successful counter - measures and outrunning the pirates , he says , while others are sailing in groups along sea corridors where they can be offered better protection .
Nato has said five extra warships will join international protection efforts in the coming days .
Crew ' unharmed '
The 23,000 - tonne Bow Asir , which is registered in the Bahamas , is reported to be a chemical tanker .
It is not known what cargo it was carrying at the time of the hijack .
Polish foreign ministry spokesman Piotr Paszkowski said the ship 's Norwegian owner had informed the ministry that five sailors on board were Polish , the Associated Press news agency reports .
The vessel has a Norwegian captain , the Norwegian Shipowners ' Association said .
It is believed to have been seized by a group of 16 to 18 pirates .
The 9,000 - tonne Nipayia was captured about 450 miles from the southern Somali port of Kismayo , a spokesman for the EU Naval Force ( EU Navfor ) , told the BBC .
The crew in both hijacked vessels were believed to be unharmed , the spokesman said .
The Nipayia has a Filipino crew , according to the website of the EU's Maritime Security Centre .
Both tankers are far smaller than the Sirius Star , the Saudi supertanker that was captured by Somali pirates last November carrying 2 m barrels of oil .
It was released in January .
The Nato Shipping Centre said three other vessels had reported being pursued by small boats on Wednesday and Thursday .
Somali pirates also hijacked a yacht with two people on board after it left the Seychelles in the Indian Ocean , the Seychelles state broadcaster said on Wednesday .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By the Communist Party of India ( Marxist - Leninist ) Liberation
Liberation --
The 15th Lok Sabha [ April - May 2009 ] elections have been announced .
As the country gets ready to vote for the constitution of a new Lok Sabha , dark clouds of deepening crisis overshadow our entire economy .
While the rural economy had long been reeling under an acute agrarian crisis , and soaring prices had been reducing the already limited purchasing power of the masses , now jobs have started vanishing even in the so - called growth sectors and wages are going down to make survival a challenge for ever larger sections of the poor and working people .
The government ’s pompous rhetoric of rapid economic growth and massive investment inflow has melted into thin air , and the people have been asked to get ready for a long period of recession .
This is not a crisis that has resulted from some natural calamity or some sudden disruption or downturn in trade or industrial production .
It is a disaster that has been wooed and shaped by our rulers through their relentless pursuit of elitist and pro-imperialist economic policies .
Years of systematic neglect of agriculture , basic industry and services and unbridled freedom for big capital have led to the present situation .
The rulers who had been promising economic growth through globalisation are now trying to explain away the crisis as a global phenomenon .
Ten years ago when a major currency turmoil had broken out in East and South - East Asia , India had not been hit that hard , but today the crisis emanating from faraway US has delivered a much bigger blow on the Indian economy .
Over the last two decades our entire economy has been increasingly integrated with the American empire .
Today , every bit of the made - in - USA crisis is flourishing on the Indian soil .
Even after being hit by such a huge crisis , the government of India has taken no urgent measure to protect the economy from the invasion of foreign capital .
On the contrary more concessions have been announced for foreign capital in the last few months even as the US has adopted a series of protectionist measures for its own economy .
Instead of launching any relief package to protect agriculture , the peasantry and the livelihood of the poor , the government has announced a massive bail - out package for big corporate houses and scamsters like Satyam .
And this , when the government ’s own figures admit that 77 % of the Indian people are compelled to live on a daily budget of less than Rs. 20 !
The recent Presidential election in the US saw the American people deliver a powerful mandate against the disastrous legacy of George Bush .
But the UPA government described the same Bush administration as India ’s greatest benefactor .
Now under Obama , the US is desperately trying to find a way out of the worst economic and politico - military crisis to have befallen on the country since World War II .
But the Indian ruling classes continue to subject India to ever bigger dependence on the crisis - ridden US in every sphere .
Not only our economy , but our foreign policy is also mortgaged to the US .
India is now regarded as one of the most loyal clients of the US - Israel axis in Asia .
This has made India all the more vulnerable to terrorist attacks , and in the name of fighting terrorism our rulers are allowing the US to intervene increasingly in our strategic affairs and matters of domestic governance .
In this election , we appeal to you to deliver a powerful verdict against this disastrous course and punish the political forces that have pauperised the masses , endangered the country and made a mockery of our national dignity and self - respect .
We appeal to you to give a decisive verdict against the perpetrators of communal violence , regional chauvinism and social oppression .
The CPI ( ML ) seeks your support to strengthen the battle for India ’s self - reliance and self - respect , for the advance and assertion of deprived areas and weaker sections of the society and for the welfare , democratic unity and fundamental rights and dignity of the entire people .
We seek your support and vote to raise the voice of the oppressed and down - trodden people within the Parliament and resist every assault on people ’s livelihood , democracy , secularism and national dignity .
CPI ( ML ) ’s perspective on the burning issues that confront us in this election
Economic crisis
The UPA Government , betraying its promises to the aam aadmi , instead embraced America and big corporate capital , whether Indian or foreign .
According to the Govt ’s own admission half a million people lost jobs in the period between October and December 2008 , pushing many workers to suicide .
The situation has vastly deteriorated since then .
The Government has tightened the stranglehold of MNCs on Indian agriculture , locking farmers into a debt trap , and opened up agriculture , forcing our farmers to compete with heavily subsidised farmers of the West and leaving them at the mercy of global price fluctuations .
As a result of the UPA Government ’s refusal to reverse these killer policies , farmers in Vidarbha ( Maharashtra ) , Andhra Pradesh , Punjab and Wynad ( Kerala ) continue to reap the harvest of suicides .
In spite of Vidarbha suicides being linked with the failure of seed MNC Monsanto ’s Bt.cotton , the Indian Government has allowed Monsanto to conduct field trials of GM crops .
Clearly the UPA Government is quite willing to risk our health and environment and sacrifice farmers ’ lives in order to protect the interests of MNCs .
The Manmohan regime ’s Indo - US Knowledge Initiative on Agriculture has signed away India ’s own independence in agricultural research .
The Government ’s policy of binding BPL to arbitrary limits , combined with a callous and corrupt administrative machinery , pushes the poor out of the BPL lists even as prices of food and fuel soar , joblessness grows and PDS dealers and black - marketeers make a fortune .
As a result , starvation stalks the whole of rural India .
Making matters worse is the rampant corporate land grab and the SEZ
Act which are robbing poor farmers of their land and agricultural labourers of their livelihood .
‘ Development ’ is being defined as gifts for greedy companies and ruthless eviction for farmers .
On economic policies , rival state governments and parties have been marked by a remarkable consensus and commitment to the pro-rich , pro-US policy orientation .
Corporate land grab and state repression against peasants ’ resistance has become the common language of governance – be it at Bajera Khurd and Noida in Mayawati ’s UP , Kalinganagar in Navin Patnaik ’s Orissa , Mudigonda in Congress - ruled AP or Nandigram and Singur in Buddhadeb ’s West Bengal .
The UPA ’s aam aadmi showpieces – ‘ human face ’ masks for the cruel impact of neoliberal policies and the resulting economic crisis – now stand exposed for eyewash .
Far from acting as a safety net for steeply spiralling joblessness , NREGA has miserably failed even to deliver its promise of 100 days work guarantee .
Inadequate budget allocations have ‘ guaranteed ’ axing of work and wages , combined by rampant loot by authorities .
Activists leading struggles to expose and combat corruption in NREGA have been killed .
Even as labour laws and workers ’ rights are blatantly violated , the Unorganised Workers ’ Social Security
Act excludes large sections of workers in informal and contractualised jobs and , in the absence of any fund commitment by the Government , fails to provide any effective ‘ social security . ’
Procurement centres remained in the grip of a nexus of kulaks , agents and corrupt officials , forcing small and middle peasants to make distress - sales .
The Rs. 60000 crore loan waiver for debt - ridden peasants announced by the UPA Government in the fag end of its tenure turned out to be a big lie .
Neither was it backed by actual allocations in the budget , nor did it extend to loans taken from private money lenders – the main factor in farmers ’ suicides .
People ’s charter for a way out of economic crisis
Ending agrarian crisis and peasant distress :
• India should walk out of the WTO - sponsored Agreement on Agriculture
• Thoroughgoing land reforms and lowering of land ceiling
• Subsidised agro inputs for small and medium farmers and regulation of prices of all inputs
• Vastly enhance public investment in agriculture and infrastructure and arrange for comprehensive crop insurance
• Zero-interest credit for farmers ; a new Debt Relief
Act to be enacted to curb usury
• Procurement guarantee at fair MSP ( minimum support price )
• Ban on forward / futures trading in agricultural produce
• Scrapping of SEZ Act
• No to forcible acquisition of agricultural land
• No to introduction of genetically modified ( GM ) crops without a rigorous and transparent scientific evaluation ; immediate stop to all field trials of GM crops
More jobs , enhanced purchasing power
• Immediately lift the ban on recruitment and fulfil backlog of SC / ST quota in banks , public sector , central and state Government posts
• Expand NREGA to provide at least 200 days of employment
• Enact a law for Urban Employment Guarantee on the lines of NREGA
• Enlist all poor in the BPL list , ensure that the poor are given 50 kilograms of grains at the rate of Rs.2 per kg and 5 litres of kerosene at the rate of Rs. 2 per litre every month , expand and strengthen the PDS system
• Extend provisions of 6th Pay Commission on minimum wages to unorganised sector workers and NREGA workers and guarantee daily minimum wages of Rs. 200
• Regularise all contract workers and para - employees
• Enact comprehensive welfare legislation for Agricultural Workers
• Punishment for officials involved in corruption in NREGA / BPL / PDS and other social welfare schemes
Increased Public Spending
• An end to the privatisation and contractualisation of health services and higher investment in public health ,
• Ensure safe drinking water and sanitation for all
• Ensure compulsory universal primary education for all
• Enhanced expenditure on rural infrastructure
• Guaranteed housing for rural and urban poor
Checks on corporates and MNCs
• Seeks details of money stashed by Indian corporates in Swiss banks and reclaim the same , recovery of unpaid loans defaulted by big business houses
• Confiscation of assets and nationalisation of enterprises of fraudulent corporations
• Punishment for corporations guilty of pesticide poisoning and recovery of damages from them under the principle of “ polluter pays ”
• Reverse the trend of FDI relaxation and corporate penetration in retail , insurance and other sectors , impose strict curbs on foreign capital
• No to sops , subsidies , tax waivers etc. for corporates
Imperialist domination
In the past five years , the UPA Government has inflicted shameful blows to India ’s sovereignty and self - respect .
The Indo - US Nuke Deal is claimed by the UPA Govt to be the jewel in the crown of its diplomatic achievements .
The very foundation of this Deal – the claim that India lacks fuel supplies for its nuclear programme - now stands exposed as a huge lie .
The recent report of the CAG has revealed that India in fact has enough uranium for 40 years – data that was falsified and distorted by the UPA Government in order to push for the Nuke Deal .
This Deal has enormous political costs – if India fails to have a foreign policy that is ‘ congruent ’ with that of the US , the US can unilaterally cancel the Deal .
In order to ‘ qualify ’ for the Deal , the UPA Govt took steps to break with India ’s long - standing foreign policy orientation , by voting against Iran at the IAEA twice .
Alongside the Nuke Deal , the UPA Govt has also brought India closer to extending military support to the USA .
Even as the country is rendered more insecure to terrorism as a result of the UPA Government ’s policy of embracing war - mongering killer regimes like USA and Israel , the Government is using the bogey of terrorism to massively hike spending on purchases from the global arms industry of these very countries .
The Nuke Deal vote in Parliament exposed the unprincipled , opportunist and corrupt character of the ruling class Government and ‘ Opposition ’ alike in Parliament .
Issues of crucial national interest with enduring implications for our country ’s independence cannot be left in the hands of such forces .
For an anti-imperialist and independent foreign policy
• Scrap Indo -US Nuclear Deal and long - term Defence Agreement with USA
• De-link Indian foreign policy from the US - Israel axis – work towards dismantling of US bases and withdrawal of troops from Iraq , Afghanistan and every other part of the world ; diplomatic pressure on Israel to end its blockade and aggression on Palestinian land ; proactive support for Palestinian liberation struggle ; end military buying from Israel
• Firmly oppose US intervention in South Asia
• No to big - brotherly hegemonic approach and war - mongering against neighbouring countries ; an end to military and strategic support to military dictatorship in Burma and war on Tamils in Sri Lanka ; diplomatic pressure to restore democracy in Burma and for a political solution to the Tamil question in Sri Lanka
• Building of closer cooperation and anti-imperialist solidarities with Latin American and Asian countries
Communal violence , caste oppression and regional chauvinism
The UPA Government rode to power on the promise of curbing communal violence , and promised to enact a Law against the same .
But it remained a mute spectator when the Sangh Parivar organised a pogrom against poor Christians in Kandhamal , Orissa .
The UPA ’s Communal Violence ( Prevention ) Bill undermines its own stated purpose .
The investigation into the Malegaon blasts points to the involvement of the Sangh Parivar in acts of terrorism .
Yet the UPA Government has refused to impose a ban on organisations like the Abhinav Bharat and Bajrang Dal – which have a proven record of terrorism and communal violence .
In Maharashtra , the MNS and Shiv Sena unleashed chauvinistic frenzy against poor North Indian migrant workers and students .
The Congress Government of Maharashtra and the UPA Government turned a blind eye and refused to take any action to protect the hapless migrants or punish the perpetrators .
Dalits who achieve a measure of economic security or who choose to assert their dignity have been victims of caste atrocities – Gohana , Khairlanji and the assault on CPI ( ML ) activist Bant Singh in Punjab are three of the worst instances , all of which occurred in Congress - ruled states .
During Bihar CM
Nitish Kumar ’s recent ‘ Vikas Yatra ’ too , a Dalit settlement was torched in Darbhanga .
Unfortunately , things have not been any better in Mayawati - ruled UP where Dalit college student Chakrasen was lynched to death at Pratapgarh , and his killers protected by leaders of Mayawati ’s own BSP .
Emboldened by Mayawati’s ‘ sarvajan ’ shift , kulaks and other feudal - mafia forces in UP have intensified their assaults on Dalit labourers , women in particular .
For secularism and justice
• Communal profiling , stereotyping and economic crimes against minorities to be classified as communal violence
• A law to penalise Governments and responsible police officials for failure to curb communal violence , regional chauvinism and caste atrocities
• Exemplary punishment for perpetrators of communal violence , caste atrocities and regional chauvinism
• A thoroughgoing enquiry into the involvement of the Sangh Parivar in acts of terrorism
• Bans on Bajrang Dal , MNS and other outfits involved in communal and chauvinistic violence
• Constitution of a National Commission for Migrant Labourers on the lines of SC / ST Commission : enact Atrocities on Migrant Labour ( Prevention )
Act on the lines of the similar act for dalits .
Assaults on democracy
The UPA Government has failed utterly to contain terrorism – and India has been hit again and again with terrorist attacks – the worst yet being at Mumbai in November 2008 .
Past experience has proven that draconian laws cannot help to curb terrorism : though they do come in handy to crush dissent and strangle democracy .
In spite of this , the UPA Govt which had scrapped POTA with much fanfare , has again brought back POTA in another guise ( the amended UAPA ) in the name of curbing terrorism .
In the wake of massive protests in Manipur against the Armed Forces Special Powers Act ( AFSPA ) , the UPA Government appointed the Jeevan Reddy committee , but ignored its recommendations to scrap the AFSPA .
Movements for autonomy and separate statehood – in Karbi Anglong and NC Hills , Gorkhaland , Telengana , Vidarbha , Bundelkhand – have been betrayed time and again at the altar of political opportunism .
Parts of the North East and Kashmir have witnessed powerful mass movements for self - determination and against rampant violation of democratic rights by armed forces – but even democratic mass mobilisations have been met with repression , clampdowns and curfews .
Political assassinations of activists and radical voices have abounded .
In Jharkhand , CPI ( ML ) MLA Mahendra Singh was murdered during BJP rule – while in UPA rule , NREGA activists like Lalit Mehta and Kameshwar Yadav have been killed .
In Karbi Anglong , CPI ( ML ) leader Langtuk Phangcho , a powerful crusader for Autonomous State and people 's rights , was kidnapped and killed by a ‘ ceasefire ’ militant group , in collusion with the ruling Congress Government .
The Salwa Judum – a private vigilante army which terrorises tribals and is aimed at facilitating corporate grab of tribal land – has been patronised by the Congress and BJP alike in Chhattisgarh on the pretext of countering Maoism , and its critics like Dr. Binayak Sen languish in jail .
The UPA Government at the Centre has failed to take any measures either to ban Salwa Judum or to free Dr. Sen in spite of an international outcry against his incarceration .
Every time the rural and urban poor raise their voice in protest , they are met with severe repression – lathicharge , arrest , custodial torture and even police firing .
Movements demanding ST status – by the Gujjars in Rajasthan and tea tribes of Assam – too have faced severe repression .
The Namasudras in UP and Uttarakhand , demanding SC status , are branded as ‘ Bangladeshis ’ and face harassment and evacuation .
CPI ( ML ) is committed to struggling for :
• Implementation of Article 244- A of the Constitution to grant the long - pending demand for autonomous statehood to Karbi Anglong and NC Hills
• Sympathetic consideration of the aspirations of the hill people in West Bengal for greater autonomy , including a separate state of Gorkhaland
• Speedy constitution of a second State Reorganisation Commission to address aspirations for separate statehood in Telengana , Gorkhaland , Vidarbha , Bundelkhand etc
• Withdrawal of army from Kashmir and urgent political solution to the question of self - determination for the people of Kashmir
• Scrapping of the draconian provisions of UAPA , other undemocratic laws like the AFSPA
• Banning of Salwa Judum and release of Dr. Binayak Sen
• Exemplary punishment to the police - politician - anti- social nexus responsible for Kalinganagar - Nandigram - Mudigonda type of massacres
• Unconditional acquittal of all rural poor and peasant activists who have been implicated and imprisoned in false cases .
The empty rhetoric of rulers versus the real agenda of the people
In order to cover up the brutal reality of repressive and insensitive rule , the UPA Government at the Centre as well as various states ruled by UPA , NDA and others have resorted to the rhetoric of “ good governance . ”
Slogans of ‘ youth power , ’ ‘ women ’s empowerment ’ are part of this misleading rhetoric .
The ‘ Jai Ho ’ campaign launched by the Congress deserve the same fate as the ‘ Feel Good ’ and ‘ India Shining ’ campaigns of the NDA .
Navin Patnaik in Orissa and Modi in Gujarat , helped along by obliging and admiring corporates , all projected the notion that ‘ good governance ’ was compatible with communal pogroms against minorities , custodial killings , as well as police firing on protesting adivasis .
In Bihar , Nitish Kumar ’s veneer of ‘ good governance ’ was washed away by the flooding of the Kosi – which exposed not only the sheer criminal negligence that caused the flood but also the corruption , callousness and political opportunism that marked the inadequate and insensitive relief and rehabilitation measures .
In UP too , Mayawati ’s promises of ‘ crime - free governance ’ have proved hollow , with Minister after Minister in the BSP Government involved in murders .
Let us take a look at the reality behind the rhetoric :
` Youth power '
Such slogans suggest , not - so - subtly , that the concerns of youth are adequately addressed as long as Rahul Gandhi enjoys power !
But this cannot mask the fact youth in India are facing an all - round offensive .
Young people bear the brunt of joblessness and resulting insecurity .
Schooling as well as higher education is being ruthlessly privatised – ‘ reserving ’ quality education for the rich .
The UPA Government ’s much - touted Right to Education ( RTE ) Bill recently tabled in Parliament is a blatant betrayal and subversion of the Constitutional promise of right to education .
The Lyngdoh Committee recommendations are being used to crack down on students ’ union elections , against their own stated purpose of ensuring campus democracy .
Campus violence is the pretext , but the real aim is to get rid of organised student resistance which is the main hurdle in the path of unbridled privatisation and commercialisation .
Failure to curb ‘ ragging ’ is claiming the lives of innocents like Aman Kachroo .
Youth from North India and the North East , migrating to other states in search of education and employment , are at the receiving end of regional chauvinistic politics and violence .
The suspicious ‘ encounter ’ of Rahul Raj in Mumbai showed that the police protects the chauvinists and targets their victims .
Young people like Rizwan - ur Rehman who embrace the values of freedom and reject communal and caste borders in personal relationships have lost their lives at the hands of powerful politicians and businessmen .
In Karnataka , young people have been the targets for a series of assaults by Sangh Parivar outfits – and one schoolgirl Ashwini was driven to suicide after one such instance of public humiliation .
Innocent Muslim youth are the target of a communal witch - hunt in the name of counter - terror operations .
Governments of all hues announce competing ‘ masterminds ’ for the same offences .
The total denial of transparency is underlined by the Government ’s adamant refusal to order a judicial enquiry into the suspicious Batla House encounter .
An agenda for youth and students
• At least 6 % of GDP on education
• No to fee hikes , commercialisation of higher education , strict regulation of fees in private institutions and professional courses
• Introduction of Common School System ; each school to be declared a ‘ neighbourhood school ’ and to provide low - cost schooling of the same good quality to every child in the neighbourhood
• Implementation of the recommendations of the Muchkund Dubey Committee Report in Bihar
• Regularisation of para teachers
• Ensuring of regular and democratic Students ’ Union elections in all campuses , thorough review of Lyngdoh Committee recommendations
• Curbing ‘ ragging ’ on campuses through democratic participation of students and teachers
• Judicial enquiry into the Batla House encounter and exemplary punishment for every instance of fake encounter , custodial torture or framing of innocents
` Women ’s empowerment '
The UPA Government , like its predecessor the NDA Government , has betrayed the long - pending promise of 33 % reservation for women in Assemblies and Parliament .
Women workers are bearing the worst brunt of price rise , job - cuts and wage cuts .
Equal wages are routinely denied to women in most sectors , while in NREGA , women are denied their right to employment .
Women workers are overwhelmingly confined to work that is casual , insecure and exploitative .
Entire health services and social services of the ASHA and anganwadi variety are run on the unpaid labour of women .
Migrant women workers face extreme insecurity and exploitation .
Women are the worst victims of the communal fascist forces : be it women of the minority communities at Gujarat and Kandhamal or young working women in Karnataka .
Dalit and adivasi women continue to face social humiliation and violence – as the incident at Khairlanji reminded us .
Women have also been targets for custodial killings and rape by security forces – the case of Manorama in Manipur sparked off a massive movement in 2004 .
Women have been at the forefront of movements against corporate land grab – and have been punished with rape and murder ( for instance Tapasi Malik and the women of Nandigram ) .
CPI ( ML ) for women ’s equality and freedom :
• Put 33 % Reservation Bill to vote in Parliament
• Secure employment , fixed and adequate remuneration and employees ’ benefits for women employed in ASHA , anganwadi , mid-day meal and other services
• Ensure legally mandated jobs for women , creche facilities at worksites , and introduction of separate bank accounts for women under NREGA
• Stern punishment for each instance of moral policing or coercion of women in inter-caste or inter-community relationships
` Social Justice '
All tall claims of social justice cannot cover up the fact that it is dalits and adivasis who form the overwhelming majority of victims of starvation deaths , displacement , eviction and corporate land grab .
The neoliberal policies pursued by the UPA Government and all manners of State Governments have intensified this offensive on this most vulnerable section .
Movements of Dalits and adivasis for their right to land , forests and natural resources like water face the most brutal repression : Kalinganagar and Chengara are stark examples .
The UPA Government is trying to make tall claims of ‘ social justice ’ based on its long overdue introduction of OBC reservation in higher education , but the same Government , at the fag end of its tenure , shamefully pandered to the ‘ meritocratic ’ arguments of the elitist anti-quota lobby by tabling and passing the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes ( Reservation in Posts and services ) 2008 Bill which proposed to scrap reservation at the faculty level for SCs , STs and OBCs in institutions of ‘ national importance ’ .
It is another matter that the Government was forced by vociferous protests to promise to delete the latter clause from the Bill .
The Scheduled Tribes and Other Traditional Forest Dwellers ( Recognition of Forest Rights )
Act 2006 , passed under much pressure from adivasis and forest dwellers , has failed to offer effective protection to the sections most vulnerable to illegal eviction from forests and other natural resources .
In Orissa , the Act has failed to prevent the massive eviction of adivasis from the Niyamgiri forests to make way for mining MNCs .
In Jharkhand , another state where adivasis predominate , panchayat elections are yet to be held ; this has robbed the adivasis of the right of democratic role in implementing the Act .
In Mayawati ’s UP too , the Forest Rights
Act is being blatantly violated .
CPI ( ML ) ’s charter for dignity and rights of Dalits , adivasis and backward classes
• Resistance to any attempt to negate or truncate reservation for SC / ST / OBCs in jobs and education
• Stern action against perpetrators of atrocities on SC - ST communities
• Full right on land , water and forest resources
• Full implementation of PESA provisions in areas with sizable tribal populations
• Full protection of tribal rights in 5th and 6th Schedule areas
` Inclusive development ' for minorities
The Sacchar Committee report revealed the extent of marginalisation of Muslims across the country – not just in BJP - ruled states but even in states ruled by so - called ‘ secular ’ forces .
The UPA Government , however , has failed to implement the recommendations of the Sacchar Committee – and has therefore criminally failed to address the burning question of deprivation and marginalisation of minorities .
But at the same time , in the wake of the Sachar Committee report , the Congress and UPA are trying to divorce the question of education and empowerment of minorities from that of justice .
Education and other aspects of development are no doubt important .
But is any empowerment for Muslim minorities possible without ensuring justice in cases of organised communal violence and ending the widespread stereotyping and communal witch - hunt in the name of countering terrorism ?
No amount of ‘ inclusive ’ rhetoric for Christian minorities can replace the questions of full freedom of religion ; punishment for the perpetrators of Kandhamal ; and scrapping of communally - motivated ‘ anti- conversion ’ laws .
When Muslims join movements against corporate land grab ( as at Nandigram ) or against pro-imperialist foreign policy , they are branded as ‘ communal ’ by those in power .
This is nothing but a blatant denial of their rights of citizenship .
Nitish Kumar in Bihar has tried to mask his partnership with the communal BJP , but his pro-minority mask has been ripped apart by the collusion of JD ( U ) goons in recent communal violence in Gopalganj .
While Congress regimes in Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh have conducted custodial tortures and communal witch - hunts of Muslim youth as cold - bloodedly as Modi in Gujarat , Mayawati in UP too has presided over the stereotyping , witch - hunt and framing of innocent Muslim youth from Azamgarh and other parts of UP .
CPI ( ML ) is committed to struggling for :
• Implementation of recommendations of the Sacchar Committee Report
• Judicial enquiry into each instance of police encounter
• Exemplary and time - bound punishment for perpetrators of communal violence
• Ensuring of the Constitutional provisions of religious freedom and protection of rights of minorities
• Ensuring equal participation and equal opportunities for minorities in every sphere of national life
Vote for real change .
Against the anti-people , anti-poor ruling consensus
Since 1996 , coalition governments have become the norm at the Centre .
While the UF government formed in 1996 and the NDA government formed in 1998 lasted only a few months , the BJP and the Congress both have since managed to survive two full terms at the head of their respective coalitions .
The kind of Congress monopoly that existed at the Centre till 1977 has become a thing of the past and the ruling classes have been forced to reconcile themselves with this new political reality .
With single - party domination becoming elusive , the ruling classes would now like to impose a two - party or two - coalition system .
This ruling class design to subject the polity to a duopoly of the UPA and NDA must be frustrated .
But a rag - tag ‘ third front ’ that offers no policy alternative and is crowded by forces with dubious track record cannot face this challenge .
Only a powerful Left and democratic camp drawing its strength from the struggles and aspirations of the Indian people for a better tomorrow can be the most effective bulwark against the ruling classes ’ attempt to regiment the polity .
The 14th Lok Sabha had the biggest ever representation of the CPI ( M ) and its Left Front partners , but any hope that this would lead to a powerful Left assertion in national politics and strengthening of the Left and democratic camp was belied .
The CPI ( M ) - led Left allowed itself to be shackled programmatically to the Congress - led UPA for most part of the UPA government ’s tenure .
The CPI ( M ) failed to demarcate itself over the issue of SEZ , a sinister pretext for corporate landlordism , and the SEZ Act 2005 was allowed to be passed without any protest .
Worse still , the CPI ( M ) - led government in West Bengal became infamous for the most coercive attempts to acquire agricultural land in the name of industrialisation and SEZ .
The growing derailment and degeneration of the CPI ( M ) - led regimes in West Bengal and Kerala has come as a shock to the well - wishers of the Left even as it has emboldened the Congress and other rightwing forces all over the country to try and tarnish the image of the Left .
Any real advance towards an effective third front to take on both the UPA and NDA calls for a rejuvenation of the Left movement and this in turn cannot be achieved without a firm and sustained struggle against the lapses and blunders and mistaken priorities and policies of the Left in power .
At the same time , the CPI ( ML ) also recognises the need and possibility of forging broader unity on issues of common concern .
In Bihar , the CPI ( ML ) has taken initiative to unleash united action of diverse Left forces against the misrule of the NDA government in the state and in this election it has been possible to ensure seat adjustment among the three parties in Bihar .
CPI ( ML ) has mobilised the working poor and spearheaded powerful struggles on issues of NREGA , BPL cards and right to land .
CPI ( ML ) has been an outspoken voice against communal violence , regional chauvinism , communal witch - hunts in the name of countering terrorism , pro-imperialist foreign policy and corporate land grab .
CPI ( ML ) ’s elected representatives have been the bold voice of democracy and people ’s resistance in the Assembly in Bihar and Jharkhand – braving false cases , arrest , and even murder .
The CPI ( ML ) appeals to you to vote against UPA and NDA and also reject the ruling parties and coalitions in different states that have betrayed the aspirations of the people .
Vote for CPI ( ML ) to strengthen your struggle against the pro-rich pro-imperialist policies of the ruling classes .
Vote for CPI ( ML ) to defend your rights and win bigger victories .
Vote for CPI ( ML ) so that the bold voice of people ’s resistance resonates in parliament .
Vote for CPI ( ML ) for a fighting left opposition within parliament .
Vote for CPI ( ML ) to rebuild and revitalise the left movement in the country and forge a fighting unity of left and democratic forces .
Vote for real change !
Vote for CPI ( ML ) !
We must not allow the clock and the calendar to blind us to the fact that each moment of life is a miracle and a mystery .
– H. G. Wells
One warm evening nine years ago …
After spending nearly every waking minute with Angel for eight straight days , I knew that I had to tell her just one thing .
So late at night , just before she fell asleep , I whispered it in her ear .
She smiled … the kind of smile that makes me smile back .
And she said , “ When I ’m seventy - five , and I think about my life and what it was like to be young , I hope that I can remember this very moment . ”
A few seconds later she closed her eyes and fell asleep .
The room was peaceful … almost silent .
All I could hear was the soft purr of her breathing .
I stayed awake thinking about the time we ’d spent together and all the choices in our lives that made this moment possible .
And at some point , I realized that it did n’t matter what we ’d done or where we ’d gone .
Nor did the future hold any significance .
All that mattered was the serenity of the moment .
Just being with her and breathing with her .
Photo by : FotoRita
BRUSSELS --
Beer is usually not a morning pursuit .
But it was still dark one day last month when I lumbered out of bed and over to the tiny Cantillon brewery , located in a scruffy neighborhood not far from the main train station here .
Industrial brewers can be as secretive as defense contractors -- good luck getting inside the mashing room of Diageo PLC's Guinness brewery in Dublin -- but a couple of times a year Cantillon opens its doors to the public .
I had risen early because I wanted to see how to brew lambic , a Belgian specialty so retro its origins go back thousands of years .
The early - morning start was necessary because there are no refrigerated tanks or cryogenic chillers at Cantillon ; the boiled liquid that will become beer cools in the open air , and it needs a whole , cold night to do so .
Thus all the mixing , cooking , filtering and boiling must be completed well before sunset .
Lambic brewing is " a process that has become so rare around the world , but that was once the universal method of making beer , " says Jean - Pierre Van Roy , the patriarch of the family that has owned and run Cantillon for a century .
" As with everything rare , we need to be watchful , we need to be able to show this type of industry to our generation and future generations . "
Why this particular location ?
Brentwood ’s not considered the hippest place .
Did you consider other areas ?
TB : No. Very Monocle , sort of like a singular view .
I think that in terms of the profile , the area that we ’re in London has a demographic profile very similar to this area in many respects .
Income .
Profession .
I mean , this place also has a different life in the sense that we ’re not on the street .
And that ’s the thing that I struggle with in Los Angeles .
It ’s very hard to find any area that has a density in terms of a community feeling .
Everything is so spread out .
And quite simply as well , it was great to find a space this size , which is super .
Our shop in London is the exact same size .
This may even be bigger than our London shop .
Why did you choose LA as the locale for the second Monocle store ?
TB : I think part of it is opportunity and , like anything , serendipity as well .
We were here before Christmas .
We do very well on the east coast but I would say newsstand sales are quieter on the West coast .
So we thought , why not actually bolster it up slightly by seeing its potential for retail ?
So we looked around and then we just happened to come here for lunch and I thought , this place has a similar vibe to Marylebone in London , albeit in an LA format .
And here we are .
This week , Monocle opened the second of its retail outlets at the Brentwood Country Mart .
At only 115 square feet , the tiny shop is where visitors can find every issue of the magazine , as well as stationary , designer bags and other Monocle approved goods .
More exciting than the shop itself was that Brûlé himself flew into town to serve as host for the launch .
He sat down with LAist to discuss his decision to open up shop in LA , the city in general and how Monocle has engineered such a successful launch during one of the most tumultuous times in print media history .
Brûlé has overseen the rapid growth of Monocle while also running a full - service branding and design agency and writing “ Fast Lane , ” the weekly Financial Times column in which he chronicles his globe - trotting escapades in search of the latest and greatest high - end consumer goods .
He may not be quite the household name of such iconic magazine personalities as Tina Brown , Graydon Carter and Anna Wintour , but Tyler Brûlé is without a doubt flying in the same airspace .
The jet - setting editor and entrepreneur started his career as a reporter for the BBC before launching the popular design and travel magazine , , in 1996 .
Brûlé sold the mag toin 2002 , but in 2007 launched , an ambitious global publication that covers everything from business and culture , to design and travel .
There ’s even a Japanese manga comic in every issue .
As a close friend said when I described the hefty publication to him , “ Jeez , does it also come with pie ? ”
How often to you actually come to Los Angeles ?
TB : Twice a year .
What do you do when you ’re in LA ?
What are Tyler Brule ’s LA activities ?
TB : Advertising meetings .
In . Out. 24 Hours .
So , you do n’t get out in LA much ?
TB : No .
I drop in and out , then I ’m on my way .
Monocle magazine ’s annual “ Most Livable Cities Issue ” is a popular read .
Los Angeles is always noticeably absent from the list .
What are the things keeping LA off the list ?
TB : I think one thing is the simple issue of connectivity .
And public transport .
Public transport plays a huge role .
If you look at the two cities that have won so far , Munich and Copenhagen , so much of the urban landscape in those cities is defined by bikeablility , the tram and metro systems , and the ease of use of their airports as well .
So that ’s a starting point .
Then there are a variety of other factors that go into it .
Environmental record .
Crime .
Hours of sunshine , where LA would score very high .
We looked at ease of setting up a business .
We looked at ease of getting a drink at a certain hour of the day .
We look at a variety of soft and hard factors which go into the mix .
That ’s why not a lot of US cities makes it .
Because right away , public transport is a problem in most US cities .
And despite all of the good work of a lot of mayors , crime rates are still high in the US .
You ’re from Winnipeg , right ?
That ’s interesting .
How has that city influenced you as a person ?
TB : I was there so young .
My more formative years were spent in Montreal and Toronto .
I left for London when I was 20 .
So you do n’t have much of a connection to Winnipeg anymore ?
TB : Not at all .
What are some of the key facets of LA style that pop into your mind when you visit this city ?
TB : Good question .
Things I dislike are the over - casualization .
I think that ’s a huge contrast to say , Tokyo , where I landed yesterday .
It ’s breathtaking in Tokyo , that you have a diversity of styles , but everything is executed to the Nth degree .
Whereas here , I think there ’s sort of a culture of giving up .
At the same time , there is great vintage style here , which is fantastic .
And of course , there ’s such a great legacy .
Also , if I look at what James Perse has done as well as a brand .
And also the global reach that he has in terms …
I mean , it ’s amazing being in Japan and seeing that he has an influence in that market as much as a he has in Montreal .
I think he ’s very much sticking to what he does as well , and that ’s to be admired .
Hubculture has called Los Angeles the “ Most Zeitgeist City ” in the world for two of the past three years .
What do you think of that ?
TB : I guess it depends on how you define it .
I think different people have different definitions .
Zeitgeist can obviously be quite broad as a term .
I would n’t agree .
So many magazines are failing , but Monocle appears to be doing quite well .
What do you credit with the magazine ’s success ?
TB : I think we have the single edition .
We ’re fortunate enough that we can rely on a variety of advertising markets .
That we do n’t just have to rely on New York as an advertising base .
That ’s one of the reasons how we ’ve been able to very much in positive results right now .
Our next issue is 20 percent up , and on average , we ’re 10 or 12 percent up .
That ’s one thing .
I also think we ’ve taken a very different view of how we treat the Web .
We ’re not giving anything away for free .
You want the archives , you have to pay for it .
That ’s very counter to the rest of the world .
I think a lot of newspapers were wondering what were we thinking , giving all of our content away for free .
At the same time , I do n’t think we chip away at the core of our brand by having discussion groups .
There ’s no blogs on our site .
There ’s no social networking .
For us , this is social networking tonight .
The good , old - fashioned way .
And I think that ’s helped maintain a very strong , focused brand .
And , I think that your President has been responsible for a bit of a call to arms saying , yes , we have work to do at home , but our country has work to do abroad as well .
And it ’s amazing that in this day and age , when a new administration is saying we have to up our game internationally and yet , look what ’s happened with the various US newsweeklies .
Still cutting back overseas .
You ’d think this is time for America to wake up and actually start paying attention to what ’s going on and that US media brands would be putting more boots on the ground around the world .
We ran out of time , but when Tyler offered to answer a few additional questions via email , we could n’t resist taking a second stab at getting some of his personal LA picks …
Name your favorite Los Angeles ...
- Restaurant
TB : Pass .
- Hotel
TB : The Bel Air .
- Bar
TB : Pass .
- Activity
TB : Driving around with a few favourite tracks .
If Monocle continues on its current trajectory of success , do you think you might eventually sell it and move onto another venture ?
TB : We only just started this venture , so there ’s no interest in selling the business any time in the near future .
If I did sell I ’d more than likely open a small hotel on a nice stretch of coast in southern Japan .
stelt of http://svg.startpagina.nl says :
As IE does n’t support SVG natively and all other browsers do , i like your initiative .
– stelt
Not sure what SVG is ?
Wikipedia to the rescue !
Scalable Vector Graphics ( SVG ) is a family of specifications of XML - based file format for describing two - dimensional vector graphics , both static and dynamic ( interactive or animated ) .
The SVG specification is an open standard that has been under development by the World Wide Web Consortium ( W3C ) since 1999 .
SVG images and their behaviours are defined in XML text files .
This means that they can be searched , indexed , scripted and , if required , compressed .
– Wikipedia
You can read what the W3C says about SVG .
Coincidentally , SVG was initially released a month after IE6 , so I posted this to both categories .
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan ( CNN ) -- Pakistani Prime Minister Syed Yusuf Raza Gilani announced Monday that all judges sacked by the previous president , including Chief Justice Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry , would be reinstated .
Men in a Rawalpindi hotel listen to Pakistani PM Syed Yusuf Raza Gilani addressing the nation Monday .
" As per my commitment and the commitment of Asif Ali Zardari , I announce the reinstatement of all deposed judges , " Gilani said in his address Monday after days of massive protests by lawyers demanding government action .
Gilani announced the executive order and confirmed that the government is seeking a review of a court ruling last month that disqualified opposition leader Nawaz Sharif and his brother from public office and ensnared the country into a political crisis just a year after its return to democracy .
Those arrested in protests during the last few days also will be released , Gilani said .
The U.S. Embassy in Islamabad praised Gilani 's announcement , saying in a statement , " This is a statesmanlike decision taken to defuse a serious confrontation , and the apparent removal of this long - standing national issue is a substantial step towards national reconciliation . "
Hundreds of lawyers held protests over the past week between Karachi and Islamabad , which demonstrators had planned to cap with a sprawling sit-in at the parliament building in Islamabad on Monday .
The demonstrators touted different causes , but were united by one common grievance : dissatisfaction with Zardari 's government .
One group demands that the government immediately restore judges whom the previous president , Pervez Musharraf , had ousted .
After sweeping into power in parliamentary elections last year , Zardari's Pakistan Peoples Party promised to reinstate the judges within 30 days of taking office .
The deadline came and went .
In protest , hundreds of lawyers -- and their supporters -- are in the midst of the " Long March . "
They plan to stage a sit-in at the parliament building in Islamabad on Monday .
The second dissatisfied group are supporters of Sharif 's Pakistan Muslim League - N ( PML - N ) .
They are angry that the Supreme Court last month barred Sharif from holding public office , citing a criminal record that dates to the late 1990s .
The court also stripped Sharif 's brother , Shahbaz , from his post as chief minister of Punjab .
The political turmoil in Pakistan comes just a year after the country celebrated a return to democracy .
It has forced the government 's attention away from a deadly fundamentalist insurgency in its tribal areas and an economy that 's on the verge of collapse .
Police in Pakistan have fought running battles with stone - throwing protesters who defied a government ban on rallies and congregated in large numbers in Lahore .
The procession had been relatively peaceful until it reached Lahore in the Punjab province , Sharif 's home base .
There , the crowd was incited by conflicting reports that authorities had detained Sharif to prevent him from leading the rally toward Islamabad .
Officers in riot gear fired tear gas at the demonstrators near the Lahore Supreme Court .
As soon as the sting from the gas wore off , the protesters regrouped , only to be chased away by police wielding batons .
Authorities made several arrests .
Ambulances were seen at the location .
Soon afterward , Sharif emerged from his residence and told reporters he had been placed on house arrest but that he refused to abide by it .
" This house arrest they have put me under , this detention , we do n't accept this detention , " he said .
" My brothers , today do n't be scared , do n't be nervous .
These obstacles are temporary .
...
These must be brought down .
Only by bringing these down can we reach our destination . "
Throughout the day , the opposition and the government went back and forth with claims and denials about Sharif 's apparent detention .
First , the party 's acting President Makhdoom Javed Hashmi said Sharif was ordered confined to his residence for three days .
The police detention order was meant to preserve law and order ahead of the march to the capital , Hashmi said .
Then , Pakistan 's Information Minister Qamar Zaman denied Sharif had been placed under house arrest .
And the government of Punjab said police presence outside Sharif 's house was part of security measures the government has taken to ensure a peaceful march .
Several hours later , party spokesman Siddique - ul - Farooq said police had tried to serve detention orders but no one from the party received them .
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called Sharif on Saturday , as well as Zardari , a senior administration official said .
The official would not provide details , but a statement issued by Zardari 's office said Clinton expressed continued U.S. support for his government and said the United States wants to see a stable , democratic system strengthen in the country .
Although a U.S. special representative to Afghanistan and Pakistan spoke to Zardari last week , Clinton 's phone call is the highest level of U.S. intervention since the judiciary crisis began , and is seen as illustrating deep U.S. concern over stability within Pakistan .
CNN 's Reza Sayah and Zein Basravi contributed to this report .
All About Nawaz Sharif • Pakistan • Asif Ali Zardari
A law firm has let slip that Facebook paid $ US65 million ( $ A99.04 million ) to settle a lawsuit charging that founder Mark Zuckerberg swiped the idea for the website from former college roommates .
Quinn Emanuel Urquhart Oliver & Hedges law firm boasted in a January advertising brochure about outcomes of an array of cases it handled last year , among them a $ US65 million settlement from Facebook .
The law firm's ad brags that it is a sound investment and that " it 's our opponents who needed a bailout " .
THE MICHIGAN ACCENT Pronunciations Unique to Us
Here are some common Michigan pronunciations so that you can proudly walk around and convincingly say you 've been a Red Wings fan , ya know , like since you were a kid .
" AK - cidih " : Accident .
" Got inta 'a baad AKcidih ' with my rennel cahrr .... some drunk f&* #$@ on I - 696 ! " ( in the Texas Accent Pronunciation Guide , this is noted as " got inta a bay - ed wreck in mah rent cawr . " ) " aeh Narbor " : Ann Arbor .
Home of the Michigan Wolverines .
" Ashfault " : Asphalt .
It almost sounds like we 're from Jersey , does n't it ?
( this one sent in by Bob ) " Aent " : Aunt .
When you hear Will Smith talk about his " awntie " , does n't that just sound wrong ?
" Bob - lo " : Bois Blanc .
The name shared by several Michigan islands ( and a former amusement park ) .
Next time someone blows their nose : " Hey , it 's the Boblo Boat ! " " Bolth " : Both .
Suzanne , a fellow Michigan expat who , like me , ended up in CincinNASTI says that we say " bolth " .
Others swear we say " boath " .
" Char - LOTT " : Charlotte , a Michigan village close to Lansing .
Related : Durand , MI , pronounced " DUrand " , Saline , pronounced " SuhLEEN " , its neighbor " MYlun " ( spelled Milan ) , and of course , Lake Orion , pronounced " OReeyun . "
This phenomenon is what happens when townsfolk in the 1800's were n't quite sure how to pronounce " all them fancy French " town names , and is actually much more prevalent throughout Ohio ( e.g. , Delhi , OH , pronounced " Dell - High " ; Lancaster , OH , pronounced " LANKster " ; Marseilles , OH , pronounced " MarSAYLES " , and my favorite , Bellefontaine , amazingly pronounced ... " Bell Fountain " !
Ohio Public Schools is all I 'm sayin ' ... ) " Ciddy " : City .
Which ciddy in Michigin are ya from ?
Baddle Creek , er AnNarbor ?
" Cloze " : Clothes .
That kidza real cloze - horse .
" CAHL - yum " : Column .
In some parts of the state , they still say this .
Hmmm ...
I think I used to say this when I was a kid even .
( Another one sent in by the indefatigable David Pool . ) " COMF - terbul " : Comfortable .
The caabz in those F150's are damned comfterbul .
" Cahngriss " : Congress .
Those guyz frum Waashingtin , DC . " C' Meer " : Come here .
The only time we do n't use this shortcut is when we 're talking to our kids .
Thanks to Jen B of Canton for providing one of the first real additions to the Guide in years .
" Cranz " : Crayons .
Her aent gaver some crans for her birthday .
You SO know we talk like this .
" Crick " : Creek .
According to Tristan , in some parts of the state , they say " crick " .
Not so much in GraRapids .
I think that 's some kind of Hoosier thingy .
JANUARY 2007 UPDATE : Someone once told me that many people in our fair state use " crick " .
Not according to the wonderful Dialect Survey at the University of Wisconsin / Madison ( eeeewww .... WisCAAANsin ) . 86 % of MI residents report they properly say " creek " .
For the rest of you : how exactly do two e's make an " ih " sound ?
That 's correct ... they do n't .
" Deeahd " or " Dayaahd " : Dad .
Many Michiganians say " deeahd " with that hard nasal Chicago thingy .
Other " tucky " parts of the state ( HAH ) use that hillbilly " I - moved - up - here - from - Lexington " twang .
" My deeahd still callzum keahl - yums " .
( Thanks to Liz for this one ) " Davenport " : Sofa .
" Maaam , Eric 's gotiz shoes up on the davenport again ! " " Deerburn " : Dearborn , home of Ford Moder Company .
Likely if you work there that you work " at Ford's " .
Or maybe " K - Mart's " .
" Di'TROI ' " : Detroit .
You can always tell a non-native because they 'll say " DEEtroit " .
Dear God , what a freaking insult , people !
Ya soun ' like - a buncha hillbillies already .
No , use that breath clipping mechanism and cut off the T .
Then accent the second syllable and cut off THAT T as well .
It 's almost like two clipped words slurred together .
Welcome to DihTroih !
It 's not so bad !
Just do n't go a block off that main drag or we 'll put ya in the hahspidal .
JANUARY 2004 UPDATE : Brett Herron has reminded me that " not all Michigan residents are nasally northwoods white folk , " ( THAT cracks me up ) and that blacks and whites in the Motor City often say " DEE - troit " .
He 's right .
But Antonie Laumet de La Mothe de Cadillac is probably turning over in his crossaint - lined grave ...
" DisPARate " : Disparate .
Fundamentally distinct .
Or , what you might do to make fun of a tropical bird .
" Drownded " : Drowned .
" After he dropped my fishin ' pole I almost pushtim outta th' boat 'n drowndedim . "
( Thanks to Greg Rowe for reminding me of this classic . )
Related : " drownding " .
" EeeevsTraaaf " : Eavestrough .
US equivalent : rain gutter ( thanks to Bill ) .
" FI - yerr " : Fire .
Say it in two full syllables .
You gotta love it when Captain Janeway of Star Trek : Voyager launches an attack against some troublesome alien species with a Midwestern accent !
Perhaps we pronounce it that way because we shop at Meijer .
Texas pronunciation : " fahr " .
Kentucky pronunciation : " fawr " .
Brooklyn pronunciation : " I 'm on fi-yah , bay - bee " .
" Flint " : Flint .
Oh , alright , it sounds the same .
I just wanted to say that , if Detroit was the anus of the US , Flint would be about sixty miles up it , hee hee !
Oh , those warm memories of my days of misspent youth in Happy Valley ... near the Chevy Engine Block plant ... near the bubbly , stinky Flint River ... kinda brings baack a tear ta my eye ... er is thadda metal snowflake from the plant powerhouse smokestack ... I dunno ...
Sorry , Flint residents .
Actually , your town holds a special place in my heart , and even more so after seeing Bowling for Columbine .
Even a gun enthusiast like me might begin to hold the opinion that Charlton Heston could be the Anus of the US !
" Foilage " : Foliage .
This one sent in by David Pool , who sez his wife and father in law use it to refer to plants and bushes .
Sounds like something you 'd do at the " Beauty Parlor " instead .
" FREVer " : Forever .
Winn 'er seems like it 's laastin ' FREVer this year .
" Frigerraider " : Refrigerator .
Hey , why waste energy on that first syllable ?
They know whut yer tockin ' about .
Maahm sez you left the melk outta the frigerraider again !
" GoverMit " : Government .
You think you say the n's ... but you do n't .
( thanks to Tim ) " Graage " : Garage .
Ahhh , shuddup an ' go parrk yer cahrr in the friggin ' graage .
( another one from Tim ) " Gran Blank " : Grand Blanc , a suburb of Flint .
" Ya know , I tried ta thinkuva specific featura that town but my mine ' drew a gran blank . "
" Grrarapids " : Grand Rapids , my hometown .
It 's cold , so slurrr those werds tagetherr !
Residents are sometimes known as GraRaptiles . ;)
Some famous Grand Raptile home - girls : the lovely Stacy Haiduk ( Heroes , Seaquest DSV - she seems to dig NBC ) , and Gillian Anderson , ladies and gentlemen .
NOVEMBER 2001 UPDATE : " Greenrbbit " kindly brought to my attention that Judy Garland was born in Grand Rapids , Minnesota ...
I 've heard people in GR Mich brag about her being from there for years !
Oops . " GROSHries " : Groceries .
Wouldjamind goin ' to the groshry store ?
( thanks to Susie B ) " Haahkee " : Hockey .
A Michigan favorite .
With an abundance of lakes and cold temperatures , it 's understandable that we dig hockey and won the Stanley Cup .
The Red Wings ... a mighty force to be reckoned with !
" Hunnerd " : Hundred .
I toldja a hunnerd times , there 's alwayz trooperz jus ' easta Howell !
( another good one from Tim ) .
Alternate pronunciation : " hundrid " .
" I - munna " : I 'm going to .
I - munna head overta K - Mart 's on Gratiot an ' finda cup holder fer my Tie-ota .
( a classic example of conserving energy the Michigan way ) " Kiddycorner " : Kitty - corner .
Elsewhere in the US : " catty - corner " .
Local variation of " cater - corner , " the actual original English word .
" When I was a kid , we lived kiddycorner from the Brznickiwiczskiszaks . " ( thanks to Dave ) " KI - nuh " : Kind of .
I dunno , I kinuh like Vernor's .
" LayKEERie " : Lake Erie .
Shallow , skanky , dreary ... let 's go sail Lake Erie !
" Lie- berry " : Library .
That extra R just slows you down ...
Thanks to Kat , and Bill from Alto. " liVONEya " : Livonia .
Perhaps the fladdes ' ciddy in Michigin .
" Maahm " : Mom .
I was tockin ' ta my maahm about goin ' ta the maall .
" Melk " : Milk .
Tell 'em you waana glassa melk .
MAY 2004 UPDATE : Growing up in the heavily Dutch community of Grand Rapids , I never thought twice about pronouncing this bovine bounty as anything other than " melk " .
So , on a May 2004 trip to the Netherlands , when I found this on a friend 's breakfast table in Alkmaar , the teeny teeny lightbulb came on in my head .
You wondered why we say this : now you know .
( Click on image to enlarge ) " Michiganderr " : Michigan native .
Who knows where the hell this came from .
All I know is , I am not a duck .
" Mier " : Mirror .
Don ' lookin the mier ... yull breakit .
" Minnuhsoda " : Minnesota .
Our brethren to the West .
Shares affinity with Michigan in that Minnesota and the UP are the only places in the country where you can still find guys named " Lars " .
" MON - row " : Monroe , a town in southeastern MI that was apparently , mysteriously transported through time and space from somewhere near PigHoller , Kentucky .
DECEMBER 2002 UPDATE : A couple of folks have written me to let me know that it 's MONrow rather than MAAHNrow .
The rest of the state still strangely enough calls it munROW .
" Muskeeda " : Mosquito .
The State Bird of Michigan .
Other states have tried that " it 's our state bird " thing but they do n't have 11,000 + lakes either .
I 've seen them carry away cats , sometimes even small children .
" NAWzeeus " : Nauseous .
" Went ta Liddle Sleazers an ' gah really nawzeeus .
Musta been the pepperoni-n - shrooms . "
" Night - meer " : Nightmare .
" I hadda nightmeer I wuz out in the wuds near Grayling , with no ammo and completely outta Stroh 's . " " NUKE - yuller " : Nuclear .
" Let 's hope we do n't hafta , ya know , fi-yer our nuke - yuller missiles . "
" Er " : Or. Ya know , it wuz like watchin ' X - Files er somethin ' .
" Pah - neeack " : Pontiac .
Ya might live in Pahniac , er ya might drive one .
An ' ya might be embarrassed .
" Pahp " : Pop. " Soda " , in other parts of the world .
Hey , do they call it a Sodasicle ?
I think not .
" Let 's stahp by SevenuhLeven and gedduh pahp . " " Pellow " : Pillow .
Je ne sais pas pourquoi ces Michiganders pronouncent ce mot en tant que " pellow " .
C'est très étrange .
( sent in by Patty ) " Port Urine " : Port Huron .
For some reason , the locals get pissed if you do n't pronounce it this way .
Other variants : " Poor - CHORN " , " PorchYEARN " .
Of course , growing up in Grand Rapids we always called it Por ' HyurRAAAAN .
" Pronounce - eation " : Pronunciation .
We don ' alwayz pronunce it currec'ly .
( another one from Liz , who claims she 's 1/2 Troll , 1/2 Yooper , and that half her family works for the Big Three ... a true Michigander ! ) " Reeelatur " : Realtor .
This one sent in by Joe in KalamazOOOOOO .
" Ruff " : Roof .
Yo , Jack , ya lef ' yer tools on thuh ruffa yer cahrrrrrrr .
( EDITOR'S NOTE : Kripes almighty , the grief I get over " Ruff " .
Here 's a little tip to Michigan expatriates : the next time you 're at dinner and someone makes fun of the way you say this , ask them how they say " woods " , " look " and " book " and then tell them to shut the hell up and eat their " fud " . )
" Samwich " : Sandwich .
Somethin ' ya might have with melk .
This one sent in by Cheryl , who also says we pronounce it " samrich " ... but that must be some kinda freaky Lansing thing .
David Pool 's mother - in - law calls it a " san- widge " ... part of the little - understood Saginaw variant .
" Seckit " : Second .
Wanna go graab a pahp an' a samwich ?
Gimme a seckit .
" SOWnuh " : Sauna .
A Finnish word should be pronounced in the appropriate Finnish accent common to da U.P. , eh? ( sent in by Caleb ) " Sherbert " : Sherbet .
Is this unique to Michigan ?
Another one from Kalamazoo Joe. " Sisterr " : Sister .
Ahh , geez - o - pete , ya soun ' like my sisterr .
Draw out that rrrrrrr .
" Stold " : Stole .
" Stopda take a leak aat a rest area on I - 94 and some guy stold my Pahniac ... canyabaLEEVE it ? " " Sump'n " : Something .
Craig found some kinda animaler sump'n in the baackoviz Chevy AAAvuLAANche .
" Tempachur " : Temperature .
Another very true Michiganism from Joe in Kalamazoo .
" Thenks " :
Thanks .
Also : " THENKyou . "
" Hey , Maatt , thenks fer thuh pahp .
Yuhwaaana beer ? " " Tie -ota " : Toyota .
Originally developed by the hourly automotive workers as a passive - aggressive way to diss Japanese carmakers .
" That kid drove one - uh - them Tie - otas inta the plant parking lot , so the guyz loosined all his lugnuts .
He dint get too farrr . "
" Tuh " : To .
It 's hardta get inta the habita sayin ' teeeoooo .
" Terr " : Tour .
" Welcome ' ta the Manitou Ilun Ferry .
My name 's Pam , 'n I 'll be yer terrguide fer the trip . " ( there really WAS a Pam , she was damned cute , and she did indeed speak like this ... sort of a Northern Woods Bipsy ... prob'ly some Seaholm chick ! ) " U - sta " : Used to .
My deead u-sta work at th' Tek - Cenner in Warn .
( submitted by Hari ) " Vanella " : Vanilla .
" Didja hear ?
GM 's got a new color for the Z34 body style : vanella . " ( this one sent in by Jennifer ) " Wasteland " : Westland , a Detroit suburb .
( long ago submitted by Jan Pickard ) ( related : Bland Rapids , Cantoon , Sterile Whites , Farm Town , Royal Joke , HazelTucky , TaylorTucky , Ypsitucky , Garden Shitty , etc .... thanks , Jennifer ! ) " WEEK - en " : Weekend .
" Ya goin ' huntin ' this weeken ? "
" No , we 're takin ' Maahm 's Chriscraft out on LayKeerie . "
It 's 25 degrees and we 're standing around talking ... do you REALLY need to pronounce the d ?
I did n't think so .
" Winzerr " : Windsor , Ontario .
Detroit 's sisterr ciddy on the other side of The Tunnel .
A sort of , uhh , business retreat center for busy , uhh , male executives .
Riiiiight .
" Wuds " : Woods .
Be careful in the wuds ... it 's deer season , an ' ya got 30,000 unemployed auto workers , drunk off their ass , armed ta the teeth with high - powered weapons .
I love Michigan ! " Yuh " : You .
How the hell arrrrya ?
How ya doin ' ?
What thuh helleryuh thinkin ' about ?
Where ya goin ' ?
Ya goin ' bowlin ' tonight ?
Er snowmobilin ' ?
Ice fishin ' might be kiina fun .
It 's rare to hear any Michiganian say " arse " ( Great Britain ) , " warsh " ( Indiana / Kansas ) or " soda " ( Eastern US ) .
In case ya were n't wonderin ' .
OCTOBER 2002 UPDATE : I received an email from Kid Ripster who claims that there are many Michiganders that say " warsh " .
As soon as the news gets out that there is a secret colony of Hoosiers in Michigan , spreading their addiction to basketball and their genetically - modified corn , there 'll be trouble in River City , let me tell YOU .
Detroiter in the heeeeeouse !
What Michigan pronunciation guide would be complete without a guide to pronouncing the street names of Daytwah ?
" Liver-noy " : Livernois " LAEHzer " : Lahser Road , using the Michigan " A " " Lasher " : same road , different peeps who did n't stop to read the sign carefully " duhQUINder " : Dequindre " Wooderd " : Woodward Avenue " GRAEHshit " : Gratiot ( hey , it 's not my pronunciation ) " SHAYner " : Schoenherr " teliGRAAAAF " : Telegraph Road ... emphasize that aehhhh And ... is there anything else that makes one feel like a Detroiter more than cranking up 'JLB full blast with the windows down and careening down the Lodge at 100 mph like some crazy - ass slalom skier ?
I 'm tellin ' you !
Detroit is one of the few places I know where rush hour traffic , all going 85 mph , can blast past a Michigan State Trooper with his radar on , and not get pulled over .
Why ?
He 's looking for those guys doing 100 .
Next : Unique Words and Phrases >>>
Although the iPhone 3G has been extremely popular , not everyone has bought into the hype , and either because of price or options … they look for other avenues .
This does not deter the extreme frenzy that has been made for iPhone accessories , and so is the iPhone soap bar introduced to the world .
The iPhone soap bars are another funny , yet practical iPhone design that allows fans and enemies to clean their dirt using the Apple cellphone .
If you are a fan , this could allow you to take the iPhone with you even into the shower , and if you are not a fan , this soap bar lets you clean your dirt with a product you despise .
These cool soap designs cost only $ 7.99 at Etsy ’s , and are an addition to the PS3 Controller soaps .
Via : GeekyGadgets
UK Recording Industry : Investigate Google For Not Giving Us Money
from the logic - is - not - sharkey 's - strong - suit dept
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
Back at Midem , Feargal Sharkey , former singer for the Undertones , and now the head of a lobbying group called UK Music , trashed outsider " utopians " who spout " wild rhetoric and innuendo , " when all he really wanted was for others ( such as ISPs ) to be forced to cough up money to simply hand over to the music industry .
That plan has been falling apart , so now he 's looking for other targets , to forceto pay -- and it seems like Google is in his sights .
Responding to the ongoing fight between PRS and Google / YouTube over paying for music videos , Sharkey has gone on the attack , blaming Google for everything and suggesting that Google needs to be investigated for wielding too much power .
Of course , what he really means is that he 's finally realizing that Google actually has the leverage in this fight .
They have thethat musicians want : a platform to gain tremendous amounts of attention , that many musicians are using to successfully build an audience .
That 's the value .
Google does n't need those music videos to make money , so it 's fine without them .
But , musicians sure could use the boost that YouTube gives them .
But , honestly , Sharkey 's response shows how hypocritical he and many in the industry are over these issues .
First they scream about how YouTube is copyright infringement and stealing form them ... and so now that YouTube takes down their videos ... they scream again ?
Should n't that bewhat they want ?
If they 're not getting paid a reasonable amount for the use of the videos , should n't they be thrilled that YouTube took the videos down ?
After all , we 're told over and over again a rather simple mantra by pro-copyright folks : if you do n't like the price , do n't download the music .
Google is living by that exactly .
It did n't like the price offered by PRS , so it 's blocking the music .
Done deal .
What 's to be upset about ?
At some point , perhaps , it will dawn on Sharkey , Billy Bragg and others in the UK music business that , in their demand to get " paid " tons of money for everything , they 've forgotten that the music is only one part of the value proposition -- and the community and platform that YouTube provides is another big part of it .
The very fact that they want their videos back up shows they recognize this fact implicitly , even if they 're going through massive cognitive dissonance in somehow lashing out at Google for making that point clear .
Sharkey is once again confused .
Google is n't abusing any power .
It got offered a bad deal by PRS , and it turned it down and blocked all of the videos .
If Sharkey really believes what he claims about music business models , this should be exactly what he wants .
Rather than allowing such " theft " to continue , it 's cleared the playing field so that Sharkey , UK Music and PRS can take those videos to some other site .
Or put up their own damn site .
The very fact that they 're not doing that , and are focusing on YouTube instead , shows they know in their hearts ( if not their brains ) that Google and YouTube are providing significant value .
Filed Under : feargal sharkey , licensing , uk , uk music , videos
Companies : google , prs , uk music , youtube
James asks :
Hi
Heather , I just found a question from ‘ samy - baby ’ on Scarleteen concerning rape .
I ’m afraid you appeared all too eager to label the bloke as unsafe and
‘ stay well away from him ’ , given that the girl openly admitted within
the first words of her sentence that she gets her boyfriend
stupid - horny then says " no sex " , that ’s just cruel , and I doubt many
men would tolerate it .
I ’ve made it abundantly clear with my girlfriend
that if she makes the effort to turn me into a horn - monster , she should
finish through or I ’m usually very pissed off ; not to say that I ’d go
ahead and have sex with her anyway .
All I ’m saying is you failed to
advise this girl that if she does n’t want to have sex , then she
should n’t get her boyfriend horny .
Heather replies :
When
a person , behaving in a healthy way , chooses not to tolerate a certain
dynamic in a relationship they dislike or which makes them unhappy ,
what they choose to do is set a limit .
If that limit is not respected
by a partner , they then terminate the relationship and potentially
contact with that person .
If the young woman asking the question had
indeed been cruel to her partner in any way , the appropriate response
from her partner would be to either address that cruelty with her and
come to some agreement on how to be assured it would not happen again ,
or for her partner to choose to leave the relationship to end that
cruelty .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
A healthy , humane response to a cruelty is not to be cruel in your
own way back .
A healthy , humane response to wanting something from
someone which they do not also want is not forcing them to give it to
you , or making them feel that they are obligated to provide it — or
face your anger — when they do not want to do so .
No one is responsible for " making someone horny . "
In fact , much of
the time , none of us — not you , not me , not Samy , not your girlfriend
— has any control at all over whether or not someone experiences
sexual desire .
If we could actually have that kind of complete control , a whole
genre of books and magazines for men and women alike which pull in a
bundle in profits every year , all about endless strategies on how to
arouse desire in others , written for masses of people very frustrated
that they do not have that magical ability , would be wiped from
bookstore shelves .
And that , my friend , is a LOT of books which would
be missing .
It ’s silly , for sure , that by now people do n’t realize that
even when they want that power , they can rarely have or harness it , and
it ’s silly for people to spend untold dollars trying to get that
elusive power , but here you are , among their number .
My telling someone not to " make her boyfriend horny " would be a
really ineffectual and ridiculous thing to say .
Not only does any of us
have the vaguest idea how to avoid doing that , given how arbitrary and
random sexual desires among people tend to be , it ’s also far beside the
point , and how her boyfriend behaves around her in terms of his sexual
desire is not her responsibility .
It ’s his .
Nothing she can do ,
sparing taking his hand and putting it in her pants , makes what his
hand does her responsibility , and none of us — of any gender — are
not the person in complete control of how we choose to behave around
other people .
The fact that young women often feel responsible has an awful lot to
do with the fact that men tell them they ’re responsible to deny or
evade their own responsibilities .
And it ’s very typical , in any kind of
abusive dynamic , sexual or otherwise , for the abuser to blame the
victim routinely in order to refuse accountability .
In a physically
abusive relationship , for instance , after a man hits his partner , he
might often say to her , " If you ’d only do what I ask you to do , I
would n’t have to hit you like this . "
His partner hears that often
enough , and she starts to believe him .
Given it seems like Samy is
expressing a history of parents who have not been healthy when it comes
to sex , she likely thinks a lot of things are in her control which
are n’t , because these kinds of tactics are very common with abusive
people , and she ’s probably heard them before .
That same kind of belief
despite reason — Samy ’s or yours — can also happen through cultural
indoctrination with certain ideas .
The idea that women are responsible
for male desire or arousal , however ridiculous — especially since much
of the time , that desire is aroused when women not only do n’t intend to
do so , but when arousing it is the last thing we ’d want to do — is
pervasive because men feeling entitled to women when they want them ,
entitled to sex with women when they want it , and entitled to call all
the shots when it comes to getting what they want is pervasive .
Thankfully , plenty of men are smart enough , strong enough and
compassionate enough — and see sex as mutual pleasure , not
masturbation on someone else — to see the profound error in that way
of thinking and resist that baloney .
Thankfully , over the last few
decades , we ’ve had more cultural awareness about rape , sexual abuse and
attitudes which enable rape so that even those who once thought that
way — and perhaps still fight feeling that way — are dedicated to not
behave in alignment with those kinds of ideas which harm and devastate
all of us .
Even the way that you ’ve said you ’ve addressed your girlfriend
speaks to the kind of projection of responsibility and entitlement I ’m
talking about .
The fact that something she does arouses your desire
does not obligate her to perform a given sexual activity you want or to
bring you to orgasm , or justify you in being angry with her if she does
not share that same desire .
The way you ’ve summed up Samy ’s post is
pretty inaccurate and telling .
She did not , in fact , say she makes a
habit of " turning her boyfriend into a horn - monster , " then telling him
they ca n’t have sex .
She described one situation in which she felt
responsible for her boyfriend ’s sexual desire , but was not interested
in a certain kind of sex he wanted , declined that sex , and he did it to
her anyway , while she continued to decline it , then later rationalized
what he did then and how he has done this to her before , by telling her
what she likes and that she likes this .
You appear to be trying very
hard to make this her fault and take the responsibility away from her
partner and other men like him .
I ’m not sure what you think went on here , but based on the years I
have spent talking to young men and women alike about sex , usually when
someone says they " made someone horny , " they do not mean they came out
in lingerie , gave them a lap dance , told them all the sexual things
they were going to do with them , then turned around and said " Psych ! "
( In the event that is what happened , I , in fact , DID address that using
sex as a manipulation is not sound , safe or kind . )
Rather , what they
usually mean when they say that is simply that they were around that
person , or doing something like making out with that person or doing
another sexual activity which they both wanted to do , which aroused
their sexual interest .
But it ’s pretty easy to show up the double standard when it comes to
the idea that any of us creates desire and are obligated to meet it :
when you say this , you do n’t mean this applied to any of us .
You likely
mean it about women and men , and not in a vice - versa kind of way .
If I ,
as a woman , am around a man who arouses my sexual interest and he does
not feel the same interest for me , or wish to indulge my interest
sexually , do I then have the right , somehow , to force my hand into his pants ?
To continue doing something to him sexually while he is telling me no ?
If you , as man , aroused another man ’s sexual interest in some way ,
would he then have the right to do sexual things to you against your
will ?
Really ?
To be angry with you when you refused to do whatever he
wanted ?
If you and I were sexual partners , and you felt sexually finished
after one or two activities , but I did n’t feel at all done and forced
you to give — or insisted on you giving — me every kind of sex I
wanted for another couple of hours , even some you did n’t want or like ,
even if you no longer found me attractive but creepy as hell , even when
you felt done and did not want to anymore , even if it was physically
painful because you were not aroused or interested , with no regard for
your boundaries or what you wanted , that would be okay with you ?
Would
that be understandable : as in , you ’d understand why I did that to you
and feel that I had every right to treat you that way ?
If so , I gotta
tell you to adjust your thinking , because if anyone ever does that to
you , for the sake of your own well - being , mental health and safety , I
hope you do not try and justify or enable that kind of abuse .
Did you see how I bolded that bit about you not wanting or
liking something sexual ?
I did that because this can often the The
Great Brain Stopper for some men when it comes to these issues .
Some
men feel strongly that there is no kind of sex they would n’t want or
like given the opportunity .
Now , that ’s likely not true : most of those
guys just have n’t yet had an experience where that ’s happened yet .
A
lot of men have a tough time understanding that when a partner is
raping you , forcing sex on you you do n’t want , or exerting their power
over you abusively , even if they were attractive to you before , they
very quickly are not usually attractive any more : they become
repulsive .
Some men will also state that they want sex so much that
even sex by force , with someone they are n’t attracted to , would be
alright by them .
Gotta call bullshit on that one , too , but let ’s
pretend it IS true that there is no kind of sex , with anyone , in any
dynamic , which would n’t be something you wanted .
Even if that ’s so ?
That ’s NOT so for most people and not so for most women .
So , in trying
to understand this , you have to make a point of doing your level best
to envision scenarios in which what was going on was not something you
would want , where what was being suggested or happening was acutely ,
intensely , something you did not want to do .
You say you would n’t force your girlfriend to have sex with you if
you got turned on , but you would be pissed off , and have made clear to
her that you fully expect that when you feel that desire around her she
should know she ’s expected to satiate you to your satisfaction .
What if
we were talking about you here ?
If you " made " your girlfriend horny ,
and she wants a kind of sex to feel satisfied you do n’t want — let ’s
say , forcing her fingers into your anus , or her genitals unto your face
— do you think it would be reasonable for her to be pissed off at you ?
Do you feel like it would be reasonable for you to expect that if you
aroused her desire in any way , including intentionally , that her
fingers were going into your bum because she wants to do that , even
when you do n’t ?
If you answered yes to either of those questions , I
have to call your bluff , since it ’d be pretty unlikely you did .
And
even if you did , I ’d have to tell you that whether we ’re talking about
men or women , that ’s just not a healthy sexual dynamic based in mutual
pleasure and care .
Agreeing to make out or agreeing to be near someone is not an
agreement to have any or every kind of sex that person might want , or
even to continue the agreed - upon activity past the point of wanting to
do so .
Engaging in one sexual activity with a partner never obligates
anyone to engage in any or all of them , until the other person feels
their wants are met — in conflict with the wants of the other — nor
negates the validity of someone ’s no .
The partner who wants sex is
never the one whose needs are put first : if we ’re earnest about wanting
to have sex with someone else , not to them or on them or at
them , earnest about wanting a partnership , not a dictatorship , then
whenever our partners are not interested in doing something sexual we
want , we defer to them .
And after all , we can always tend to our sexual
needs with our own two hands .
You might also notice a particularly telling dynamic in Samy ’s
story .
What her boyfriend did to her was not even about his own need
for a physical , sexual release : he put his hand down HER pants forcibly
AFTER they had already had sex together ( presumably consensually ) .
Doing so would have been very unlikely to bring him to orgasm , or
alleviate any physical sexual frustration on his part .
Rather , what he
did was make a clear demonstration that she is not allowed to deny him
what he wants , when he wants it , and that her no — when he wants a yes
— is meaningless .
He does n’t ask her what she likes : he tells
her .
His actions make clear that he feels that her sexual desire , if
and when it is present , is a non-issue .
What he did was not about his
feeling horny or wanting to get off , and he may well have gotten off
already with the sex they already had : it was about his need to make
clear who is in change , and that it very much is not her .
This is
textbook sexual abuse .
It ’s not overeager to let someone know that a person who forces sex
— especially more than once , as Samy stated has happened — unto them
while they are saying no , declining that sex , is not a safe person to
be around .
In the event that I ’m wrong , and he is safe , it ’s still a
win-win .
Not staying with him wo n’t harm either of them .
In the event
that you ’re right , my whole idea about this situation and all of what I
know about rape and abuse is totally backwards , and the cruelty here is
hers or some other woman ’s , leaving spares that guy more cruelty ,
does n’t it ?
If not , why not ?
I have a tough time swallowing the idea that if you were to be in
the position where someone was going to routinely not take no for an
answer from you sexually , and force you to do sexual things you did not
want to do , or when you did not want to do them , continuing to do so
while you were saying — and meaning — no , that you ’d feel like that
was a safe situation to you , and that were you in that position , did I
not posit that was n’t safe — or tell you you asked for it — you ’d
feel like I was responding in the best interest of your well - being .
Here ’s hoping , for your sake , for your girlfriend ’s sake , and for
anyone else you may interact with , that you consider adjusting your
thinking on this .
And I do n’t just say that for her sake , especially
since she ’s got the option of finding someone with healthier sexual
attitudes to be with — you , on the other hand , are stuck with you .
The
way you ’re thinking tends to not only be detrimental to her ( if you
care about her , and another men around her feels he arouses her desire
and owes him like you feel she woes you , will it seem like such a great
idea then ? ) and other women , it also really hinders you and other men
from experiencing bonafide partnership with women , real character and
real masculinity , and sex that is really about shared desire and pleasure , which blows the freaking roof off of the alternative , emotionally as well as physically .
To be frank , any woman who writes on rape or interpersonal abuse
issues at all , and who advises women to merely keep themselves safe by
getting away from men who endanger or harm them gets responses like
this .
I get letters from men somewhat regularly explaining to me , as if
I were just a foolish child who did not understand the world despite 38
years of living in it , why women deserve to be raped , why women make
men so miserable or unhappy that men " have " to rape us or abuse us , how
we could protect ourselves by just structuring the whole of our lives
in response to what men want from us ( despite the fact that men vary
widely and that doing so it a literal impossibility , on top of an
absolute insult ) .
I have also , of course , gotten plenty of emails over
the years letting me know all of the ways in which I and other women
deserve all manner of abuses , and how men are excused in doling them
out .
These kinds of responses — including your own — are constant
object lessons which only tend to demonstrate exactly the kinds of
dynamics we ’re working to help people escape , break free of and change .
Oddly enough , we do not tend to get these kinds of responses , ever ,
when we advise men on how to be safe from other men , from abusive women
in their lives , nor do we get these kinds of responses from women no
matter who we ’re advising to keep themselves safe .
Male writers on
these issues also do not tend to get these kinds of responses as often ,
which is hardly a shocker .
And I generally do not answer these kinds of
responses .
In part that ’s because there are a lot of them , and if I
published them all , I ’d scare and depress the hell out of a lot of
people when it came to men : I love men as much as I love women and
do n’t want the women who would read them to get the impression that
these kinds of responses are sound representations of all men .
They ’re
not : many , many men — maybe even most men — are bigger than this ,
kinder than this , smarter than this , better men than this .
( They also
tend to feel less of a need to tell women " how it is " like this , or to
pretend to be friendly with me when they ’re saying things which enable
violence and inequality towards me and other women . )
Plus , more times
than not , it ’s an exercise in futility .
This may well be one too , for
all I know , but I ’d love for you to prove me wrong .
But I like to think that if I do every now and then , someone on the
fence or struggling with these attitudes might see that there are
healthier alternatives which are better for everyone , not just for the
partner who is made to feel responsible for other ’s actions or
feelings , obligated to have sex when that ’s not what they want , or who
is assaulted because someone decided they are entitled to have dominion
over that person .
Heck , even if nothing I say in response has any merit to you or
anyone else , your own words might help someone out simply by showing up
these attitudes for exactly what they are , for as pervasive as they
are , and for as flawed and tragic as they are .
I ’m tossing out a couple links here , both to material on the site ,
as well as at other sites which maybe — just maybe — might clue you
in a bit more .
Unions are good for workers .
Today , median weekly pay for union members is $ 886 , compared to $ 691 for nonunion workers .
Moving cargo on the Oakland waterfront pays three times what stocking shelves does at Wal - Mart because longshore workers have had a union contract since 1934 .
In 1936 , Congress recognized the value of unions and passed the National Labor Relations
Act , setting up a legal system in which private sector , nonfarm workers could join unions and bargain .
The preamble declares the law 's purpose : " encouraging the practice and procedure of collective bargaining and ... protecting the exercise by workers of full freedom of association , self - organization , and designation of representatives of their own choosing . "
Today , however , the law is virtually unable to fulfill its intended function .
Rep. George Miller , D - Martinez , has proposed commonsense measures to restore its effectiveness in the Employee Free Choice Act .
Employers are mounting a hysterical campaign against it , even calling it " bolshevism , " and claiming to be protectors of their workers ' rights .
We need a reality check about what really happens when workers try to organize .
The Employee Free Choice
Act would require employers to repay three times the back pay of a worker fired for organizing a union , with $ 20,000 fines for willful or repeated violations .
It is illegal to fire a worker for union activity , but pro-union workers were fired in 30 percent of union - representation elections in 2007 , according to the Center for Economic and Policy Research .
There are no fines or penalties on employers for this - just reinstatement and back pay , and employers even get to deduct the unemployment benefits of the fired worker .
The National Labor Relations
Act is the only federal law where violators receive no punishment .
Workers , knowing they can be fired so easily , are understandably afraid to join unions .
The proposed legislation would therefore bring back the process for forming unions used in the years after the labor act was first passed ( and which is used today in Canada ) .
Workers would be able to sign union cards , and employers would have to recognize their union if a majority signed .
Today , employers demand secret - ballot elections , and then wage an anti-union campaign that peaks on election day .
For instance , according to the International Longshore and Warehouse Union , at Blue Diamond in Sacramento , the company told workers two days before the election that many might lose their jobs if the union won because growers would n't bring any more almonds to the plant .
Companies like Blue Diamond use outside union - busters , who have created a billion - dollar industry managing these anti-union campaigns .
Campaign tactics include :
In the weeks before these tainted elections , 51 percent of employers threaten to close if the union wins ; and 91 percent force employees to attend one - on - one anti-union meetings with supervisors .
This conduct is effectively unpunishable , making a mockery of free elections .
Signing cards is a safer , calmer process that workers control themselves , and workers keep the option of using either the cards or the election - their choice , not their employer's .
Last , when workers form a union and a majority supports it , companies should negotiate a contract .
That 's what the law says .
The reality ?
Even when workers win elections , companies do n't negotiate in half the cases .
After a year , they can legally walk away .
When workers at the Rite - Aid warehouse in Lancaster ( Los Angeles County ) won an election , the most important agreement they could achieve after 18 bargaining sessions was the location of the union bulletin board .
With the Employee Free Choice Act , after 120 days of fruitless bargaining on a first - time contract , an arbitrator can resolve the issues still in dispute .
Companies say they fear an outsider imposing unrealistic conditions .
But with no mechanism to force agreement , companies know it 's lots cheaper to wait out the year than to raise wages and provide better benefits .
Many employers simply do not accept the law 's intention - encouraging workers to organize .
They created the need for the act by undermining the process and rights established in 1936 .
By first undermining the law , and then resisting Miller 's common - sense remedies , they are pushing for a return to an era when organizing a union had no protection at all .
I recalled Scott Fitzgerald ’s essay My Lost City , describing how he returned two years after the Wall Street Crash to see the “ last and most magnificent of towers ” rising “ from the ruins ” .
Going up it , he “ discovered the crowning error of the city , its Pandora ’s Box .
Full of vaunting pride , the New Yorker had climbed here and seen with dismay what he had never suspected .
That the city was not the endless succession of canyons that he had supposed , but that it had limits .
From the tallest structure he saw for the first time that it faded out into the country on all sides , into an expanse of blue and green that was limitless ” .
New York “ was a city after all and not a universe ” .
“ The whole shining edifice he had reared in his imagination came crashing to the ground ” .
As Nick , who works in India , observed , “ New York is a museum to the 20th century ” .
But it was still a pleasure to visit .
I just had what remains of these 10 teeth removed yesterday as a result of a nasty bicycle vs. car accident .
I landed square on my jaw , breaking it and these teeth .
Fucking sucks , my face is swollen up like a chipmunk and I look like a hockey player that got it one to many times on the side of the face with a puck till I can get implants implanted in my mouth .
I 'm not your mom but whatever , a long story short : protect your face whenever you are on two wheels .
On Friday , 20 March 2009 , AntiPolygraph.org received a communication from a lawyer for NCS Pearson , Inc. demanding the removal of a post from our message board that purports to list the first 75 questions of the 567 - question Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Test 2 ( MMPI - 2 ) .
( A seemingly knowledgable poster on the message board maintains that the questions are not from the MMPI - 2 , but from the older MMPI . )
Many government agencies in the United States use the MMPI - 2 to screen applicants for employment , so it is of considerable public interest .
The post , made some three years ago , initiated one of the longest discussions on our message board–one that remains active with over 260 posts to date .
Here is the full text of the takedown request received by e-mail from Pearson ’s lawyer ( download MS Word attachment ) :
March 20 , 2009 Sent Via EMAIL and POST AntiPolygraph.org
c /o G.W. Maschke
Van Trigtstraat 53
2597 VX The Hague
The Netherlands Email : info@antipolygraph.org Re : Unauthorized use and Reproduction of the Minnesota Multiphasic
Personality Inventory - 2 ( MMPI - 2 ) Dear Mr. Maschke : I represent NCS Pearson , Inc. ( Pearson ) , the exclusive licensee
or publisher of the Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory - 2
( MMPI - 2 ) , which is a secure Assessment restricted to purchase by
qualified individuals .
The copyright owner of the MMPI - 2 is the Regents
of the University of Minnesota and NCS Pearson , Inc. is the exclusive
licensee for distribution of the MMPI - 2 in the United States and the
Netherlands .
Unauthorized Reproduction
As you are aware , both Dutch and U.S. Copyright Law give the
copyright owner the exclusive rights to reproduce and control the
distribution of its work .
According to our information , you are
distributing and infringing version of the MMPI - 2 on an unsecured
website , thereby allowing the materials to be downloaded to unqualified
individuals without our permission .
Copies of the screen shots are
provided for your information .
The websites in question are located at :
In a posting by Thugcop at the below URL :
https://antipolygraph.org/cgi-bin/forums/YaBB.pl?num=1109032158/11
In another posting by Thugcop at the below URL :
https://antipolygraph.org/cgi-bin/forums/YaBB.pl?action=print;num=110903
2158 Screen shots of the pages are attached Both United States and Dutch Copyright Law give the copyright
owner ( or their designee ) the exclusive rights to reproduce and / or
license of its copyrighted property .
The MMPI - 2 and its normative data
and scoring algorithms are protected works under both United States
Copyright law and Canadian Copyright law .
Both laws provide protections
for such works of authorship with severe penalties for violations .
As
the United States ( 1989 ) and Netherlands ( 1912 ) are signatory members of
the Berne Convention , as a citizen of the Netherlands you are obligated
under The Berne Convention to recognize the copyright of American works
in the same way the United States recognizes the copyright of its own
nationals .
Only licensed parties are allowed to reproduce any
copyrighted portions of it , whether in computer software or otherwise .
My client requests that you remove the above postings which contain its
proprietary material .
We appreciate your cooperation in this matter as
it respects the rights of others which is the position I would hope
antipolygraph.org would subscribe .
If you have any questions , please contact the undersigned
attorney directly .
Sincerely ,
/ Carl W. Covert , Jr./ Attachments Carl W. Covert , Jr.
Contract Attorney – Legal Department
NCS Pearson , Inc .
19500 Bulverde Road
San Antonio , TX 78259-3701
Tel ( 210 ) 339-5195
Fax ( 210 ) 339-5059
carl.covert@pearson.com
Please consider the environment before printing this e-mail
AntiPolygraph.org respects intellectual property rights , and in January 2008 , we promptly removed at Pearson ’s request a series of posts in the referenced message thread that purported to list all questions in the MMPI - 2 .
However , Pearson ’s demand that the initial post , with a limited number of questions that give one a sense of what the MMPI - 2 is all about , seems geared not so much at protecting legitimate copyright interests , but rather at stifling public understanding and discussion of the MMPI - 2 .
This is AntiPolygraph.org ’s reply to Pearson ’s takedown request , sent by e-mail on 21 March 2009 :
Dear Mr. Colvert : I believe the posting of such a limited selection of questions from the MMPI - 2 for discussion purposes is permissible under the Fair Use clause of the United States Copyright Act of 1976 ( 17 U.S.C. § 107 ) .
For a recent example of such fair use by a professional association of American lawyers , see the November , 2006 Newsletter of the Albany County , New York Bar Association , which similarly lists ( at p. 6 ) selected questions from the MMPI - 2 : http://www.albanycountybar.com/Nov.%20NL%2006.pdf
Under the circumstances , I cannot consent to removing the post in question from the AntiPolygraph.org message board .
Sincerely , George W. Maschke , Ph.D .
AntiPolygraph.org
Voice Mail / Fax : 1-206-666-2570
PGP Public Key : 0x74DE6533
AOL Messenger : GeorgeMaschke
Skype ( Internet Phone / Text Chat ) : georgemaschke
Gizmo ( secured with Zfone ) : georgemaschke
What do you think ?
Is Pearson ’s request reasonable ?
Or is it misusing copyright law to chill public speech ?
Update 1 : On 23 March , AntiPolygraph.org ’s webhosting provider ( CanadianWebhosting.com ) received a communication from its bandwidth provider ( Peer1.com ) that unless the post that is the subject of the DMCA takedown notice was removed , the entire server ( which hosts other Canadian Webhosting customers , too ) would be taken offline .
We have reluctantly agreed to temporarily remove the post in question and have replaced it with a brief notice explaining the situation .
Peer1.com seems to be under the impression that once a DMCA takedown notice is received , the material mentioned in the notice must be removed for a period of 14 days , after which , if the complainant does not provide notification that it has sought a court order , the material may be restored .
However , it is our understanding that the material may be placed back on - line ( PDF ) promptly upon the service provider ’s receipt of a counter - claim ( which we have already sent ) , that is , there is no need to wait 14 days .
It ’s also worth noting that Pearson , the copyright holder of the MMPI - 2 , filed a takedown notice for the very same post in 2007 .
We promptly filed a counter - notice , Pearson took no further action , and we thought the matter resolved .
Update 2 : See discussion of this situation on Slashdot.org .
' The Producers ' Debuts in Germany It 's Springtime for Hitler in Berlin
Berlin's Admiralspalast theater will break new ground in May by staging the first production in Germany of the Mel Brooks musical " The Producers . "
Some , though , say Germany is n't ready for tap - dancing stormtroopers and a camp Hitler singing " Heil Myself . "
Black holes once existed exclusively in the realm of theory , but astronomers have become increasingly adept at spotting the telltale signs of objects that are hard to spot due to the fact that they suck in any light that happens to cross an event horizon .
Black holes have fallen into two separate categories : relatively small ones formed by the collapse of massive stars , and supermassive ones , which appear to lie at the hearts of most galaxies .
When provided enough fuel in the form of interstellar gas , these black holes power quasars ( also termed active galactic nuclei ) but , deprived of input , they tend to sit quietly , much like the one at the center of the Milky Way .
The presence of black holes at the center of galaxies has been made a bit more intriguing by the fact that astronomers have reached the conclusion that many galaxies have been built by mergers of smaller ones .
This would suggest that once the chaos of the initial collision settles down , the resulting galaxy should contain two black holes , with gravitational attraction potentially prompting a collision .
Today 's issue of Nature describes what appears to be the best evidence yet for a supermassive black hole binary , one in which the two objects appear on course for an inevitable collision .
Finding it was n't exactly easy .
The authors relied on data that had been gathered by the Sloan Digital Sky Survey , which currently contains over 900,000 galaxies .
The authors selected a subset of the data that contains over 17,000 quasars , and sifted it using a principal components analysis that should identify outliers with unusual spectral properties .
Out of that massive data set , a grand total of two objects were identified that appeared to emit light with more than one redshift .
There are two possible ways to get what appears to be a single quasar with more than one redshift .
The first is to have two quasars that are far apart but on the same line of sight relative to the earth .
Based on the frequency of quasars in the area their data is extracted from , the authors calculate that this should happen with a frequency of about 1.8 x 10 - 7 ; since they looked at over 17,000 cases , that leaves a final probability of 3.2 x 10 - 3 .
Small , but certainly not out of the realm of the possible .
But the authors go on to describe a number of spectral features that favor the alternative possibility for the double red shift : two objects in close proximity that are moving quickly relative to each other .
That 's precisely the sort of behavior that you might expect if two supermassive black holes were orbiting each other in close proximity .
Basically , matter moving close to a black hole will move faster , and produce broader spectral lines as a result .
Matter that is further out will produce a narrow , sharper spectral line .
The new system appears to have two broad - spectrum sources embedded in a single narrow - band emissions source .
This could be the product of the two objects ( which the authors term " red " and " blue " ) being close enough to share a single regional gas cloud , while maintaining separate accretion disks .
Assuming this is an accurate description of the system , the authors are able to calculate some of its basic properties .
Red weighs in at 108.9 solar masses , with blue tipping the scales at a relatively svelte 107.3 solar masses .
The orbital period is fairly brief : below 500 years , and likely to be in the area of a century .
That makes for a radius of 0.1 parsec , which is substantially less than a light year .
The authors calculate that red and blue have reached what might be an awkward stage in their inward spiral .
They 're now too close for basic orbital decay to act efficiently , and not yet close enough together to start producing enough gravity waves to cause the orbit to decay rapidly .
That suggests that we have at least a billion years to observe the system before the two objects slam into each other .
Hopefully , we 'll manage to improve the sensitivity of gravity detectors a bit during that time .
The outstanding question is that if collisions between galaxies are fairly common , why have n't we spotted more of these ?
Your fingers are sufficient to count the number of other objects that have been proposed to be black hole binaries .
The easy answer — binary black holes tend to wind up without matter to fuel a quasar — does n't seem to make sense , since the collisions should free up lots of interstellar gas and dust .
It 's a conundrum that may keep the theorists busy for some time .
Nature , 2009 .
DOI : 10.1038/nature07779
Listing image by P. Marenfeld , National Optical Astronomy Observatory
Å gå langs den gamle skinnegangen rundt Pemberton kan være ganske avslappende .
Unntatt når man kommer til en bro , for da tilsier jo all erfaring at når man er midt utpå der er det nødt til å komme et tog fykende rundt svingen i en forferdelig fart , samme hvor nedlagt den linja er .
De hadde heldigvis laget noen små plattformer på siden av sporet , så jeg tok sjansen , og det gikk helt fint .
Walking along the old railway tracks around Pemberton can be quite relaxing .
Except for when you come to a bridge , like this one .
Murphy 's
Law does of course require a train to come screeching around the corner just as you 're at the middle of the bridge .
Fortunately there were some small platforms out there to stand aside on , so I took my chances and it all went well .
President of WebFX .
Bill has over 25 years of experience in the Internet marketing industry specializing in SEO , UX , information architecture , marketing automation and more .
William 's background in scientific computing and education from Shippensburg and MIT provided the foundation for MarketingCloudFX and other key research and development projects at WebFX .
There are many creative ways to use watercolor effects and brush strokes in a web design to make it really stand out .
Some of the examples below use the painted effect all over their websites , and some use subtle instances that add the perfect amount of artistic flair .
In this showcase , you ’ll see 30 examples of watercolor effects and brush strokes in web design .
alifelski.com
mattdempsey.com
spring.tnvacation.com
efinterns.com
magouya.com
pallygiraffe.com
joshtilton.com
daninko.ca
form-function.ca
footballmadeinafrica.com
reviveafrica.com
vsplash.com
robgoodlatte.com
designerinterviews.com
cerity.se
billyhughes.oph.gov.au
Related content
About the Author
Angela Rohner is founder of the css and flash design gallery , TheBestDesigns.com which she started in 2001 .
She works as an Art Director and Front End Developer in Dallas , TX .
In her spare time , Angela works on personal / freelance projects , paints portraits , and rides her bike as much as possible .
You can find her on Twitter or her Personal Website .
This is why the estimable Sir Christopher is wrong to argue that only scrutiny of expenses by an independent authority outside parliament will rebuild trust .
For surely , if parliament is treated like any other public body that needs monitoring by a quango , it has ceased to be sovereign in even the remotest sense ?
Such a step would not convince the public that anything of importance had changed ; only that MPs are so corrupt that they require a watchdog beyond the one they are already supposed to have – us , the electorate .
There 's only one contractorsthriftstore.com domain .
Once purchased , it may never become available again .
( CNN ) -- Rain - swollen rivers have inundated highways and farms , towns and parks in western Washington , shutting down traffic on a 20 - mile stretch of heavily traveled Interstate 5 between Seattle and Oregon and threatening the federal roadway north of Seattle .
Flooding forces officials to close a road in Arlington , Washington , north of Seattle .
" If you 're trying to do commerce between Portland [ Oregon ] and Seattle , there is no way right now , " said Bob Calkins , a spokesman for the Washington State Emergency Operations Center in Camp Murray near Tacoma .
" That 's the major way into Washington state from Oregon . "
Flooding south of Seattle near Chehalis covered parts of I - 5 with 30 inches of water , prompting its closure until at least Monday , state transportation officials said .
And state and local roads also were victims of the water .
" The problem is the one real good detour is just as flooded , " Calkins said .
North of Seattle , a levee failure in Arlington brought the Stillaguamish River up to the edges of I - 5 , which remained open although some access ramps were closed , transportation officials said .
The rain also caused Amtrak to suspend service between Seattle and Portland until Saturday , " with no alternative transportation , " the rail line said on its Web site .
iReport.com : Are you there ?
Share pics , video
On Friday morning , the National Weather Service extended flood warnings for parts of six rivers that flow through five counties in western Washington near Seattle and Tacoma .
Those affected included Puyallup River near Orting , Newaukum River near Chehalis , White River near Buckley , Cowlitz River at Randle , Skookumchuck River near Bucoda and Centralia , and the Chehalis River at Centralia and Porter and near Grand Mound .
The weather service canceled flood warnings for two rivers -- the Nisqually near National and the Deschutes near Rainier .
This week 's flooding has caused hundreds of families to evacuate , according to the Washington Emergency Management Division .
It prompted 18 counties and 13 cities to declare emergencies , the division said .
Across the state , a number of rivers had crested , but flooded roads remained hazardous .
The risk of landslides was high , leading to the closure of all passes across the Cascades , officials said .
Watch a report from CNN affiliate KIRO about landslide risks »
A meteorologist for the National Weather Service in Seattle said 15 inches of rain that began Monday had ended .
The rainfall swept across virtually all of the state , but its biggest effects occurred along the western half of Puget Sound , Calkins said .
The swollen Puyallup River threatened the town by the same name , but Loretta Cutter sprang into action .
The administrator of a group home and a longtime resident there helped evacuate 47 residents from the Valley Community Inn , a home for the mentally challenged and developmentally disabled , to a shelter at a nearby church .
And she made sure her husband and a grandson left their one - story rambler house and got safely situated .
" It 's a situation you do n't realize you are going to be in ; it 's always someone else , " Cutter said from the shelter at the Sunrise Baptist Church in Puyallup , east of Tacoma .
" It was pretty traumatizing to all of us . "
Cutter is one of 40,000 residents in at least 19 communities whom authorities asked to leave their homes Thursday amid heavy flooding along rivers and streams in western Washington .
Some 260 of them sought shelter Wednesday night at the 39 shelters for people , Calkins said .
In addition , seven livestock and two pet shelters were set up , he said .
Meanwhile , the torrential downpours of the past few days transformed Thursday into drizzle , common in western Washington , which typically gets less rainfall in any given year than does Miami , Florida .
" It just drizzles every day , or so it seems , whereas in Miami , when it rains , it 's a belly washer , " Calkins said .
This week 's flooding was worsened by a warm spell that melted up to 7 feet of snow that had fallen around Puget Sound , he said .
Health authorities have issued occasional boil - water orders , but Calkins said he had other concerns .
" The larger issue is , as people go to their homes , they may be walking through floodwater that is contaminated by sewage , " he said .
All About Floods • Seattle
Bullet Proof Weave : Woman ’s Weave Stops Bullet & Saves Her Life
Briana Bonds literally came within a hair ’s breadth of dying late Wednesday night after her tightly - woven wig somehow stopped a speeding bullet .
Bonds , 20 , was in her car in a convenience store parking lot when a man flagged her down and told her that her ex-boyfriend still loved her .
She replied , “ Well I do n’t love him , ” then Banks says she heard gunshots as her ex-boyfriend , Juan Kemp , allegedly opened fire from behind the second vehicle .
“ I ’ve invested a lot of money into this weave and it saved my life . ”
I never thought the day would come when I would hear those words .
Thanks to Spencer for the video !
Takami Akai , a co-founder of the Gainax anime studio and the creator of the Princess Maker game franchise , revealed during his first photography exhibition this past week that he is working on a new animation project and a Gurren Lagann personal computer game .
The new anime would be Akai 's first since he worked on the early production of the Gurren Lagann robot anime series .
Akai was forced to step down as a board director of Gainax and remove his name from the credits of later Gurren Lagann episodes after a controversy involving the 2 channel online forum .
Akai has been a part of Gainax since before its official founding , when he worked on the animation and character designs for the DAICON III and IV conventions ' opening videos .
He was also the assistant director on Wings of Honneamise ( Royal Space Force ) , Gainax 's first feature film .
Akai conceived , designed , and directed Gainax 's Princess Maker franchise , the first games in the " bishōjo simulation " genre which later inspired the Puchi Puri Yuushi anime and manga .
He created the original novel illustrations for the Crest of the Stars and Banner of the Stars space opera novels , which were later adapted into three television series and one video series .
Source : Otaku2
Atheism On Television
This last Sunday ( 03/29/2009 ) Brian Griffin , the dog from the cartoon Family Guy , came out to his family that he was an atheist .
( Episode Not All Dogs Go To Heaven available here on Hulu – That link no longer works , they were asked to remove that episode for some reason )
The atheosphere has been chattering about this like crazy since then .
Half of all the tweets I saw on Twitter that night were about it .
The show did a good thing in showing how much discrimination a person can go through when they come out .
Brian is arguably the smartest and one of the most human characters on the show but he ’s also a pretty poor role model .
He is an alcoholic , a former drug addict , has a very oedipean relationship with Peter ’s wife , Lois , and has done some rather amoral things throughout the life of the show .
The reason I ’m pointing this out is that we atheists are introduced to a portion of the common population through characters being portrayed on television and in movies .
When I got to thinking about this I realized a lot of atheists on TV are either amoral or at the very least , assholes .
Here are a few :
Dr. Gregory House from the show House , M.D.
House is a drug addled , nihilistic , narcissistic genius who is well known for deriding anyone who displays an ounce of religious inclination .
He is a tortured and bitter soul who feeds off of negativity .
He does save lives , but only to solve the puzzle of what the illness is .
( I love this show and House as a character , but he is still an ass . )
House is a drug addled , nihilistic , narcissistic genius who is well known for deriding anyone who displays an ounce of religious inclination .
He is a tortured and bitter soul who feeds off of negativity .
He does save lives , but only to solve the puzzle of what the illness is .
( I love this show and House as a character , but he is still an ass . )
Dr. Perry Cox from the show Scrubs .
Dr. Cox is , IMO , a clown version of House with his own set of problems , but none - the - less a dick .
Dr. Cox is , IMO , a clown version of House with his own set of problems , but none - the - less a dick .
Dr. Gaius Baltar from the show Battlestar Galactica .
Gaius was a self serving , promiscuous , and generally amoral atheist who used people and Cylon alike to ensure his own survival and get what he wanted .
He only started displaying more altruistic qualities after he became a theist , believing he was serving the will of the ambiguous Cylon god .
Gaius was a self serving , promiscuous , and generally amoral atheist who used people and Cylon alike to ensure his own survival and get what he wanted .
He only started displaying more altruistic qualities after he became a theist , believing he was serving the will of the ambiguous Cylon god .
Brother John Cavil from the show Battlestar Galactica .
Brother Cavil starts out as a Cylon pretending to be a human priest .
Besides trying to commit xenocide of the human race he also tortures and manipulates many for his own gain .
Also another atheist with an Oedipus complex .
Brother Cavil starts out as a Cylon pretending to be a human priest .
Besides trying to commit xenocide of the human race he also tortures and manipulates many for his own gain .
Also another atheist with an Oedipus complex .
I ’m sure there are others that I ca n’t remember at the moment and if I ’ve left any out you think should be in here just leave it in the comments .
All of these guys are horrible spokesmen for the severely hated godless minority .
These characters reinforce the stereotype that atheists are elitist , amoral , and self serving .
There are a few atheistic characters that are not portrayed as monsters , Captain Jean - Luc Picard comes to mind , but with so few atheists showing up on TV it is a possibility that these prominent non-believers are damaging to our image .
Overall though , I feel that the general public being exposed to atheism at all is a good thing and will help us out in the long run by familiarizing people with alternative viewpoints and reduce the dehumanization of us .
So readers , what are you thoughts on the matter ?
Are you of the opinion that any publicity is good publicity or should we be outraged ?
[ As an aside , Hugh Laurie ( House ) and Seth Macfarlane ( Brian ) are both atheists in real life . ]
Yikes .
The Canadian province of Alberta called in 400 of its police tasers for a study on their effectiveness , and what did they find ?
Over 10 % unleash more voltage than they should .
Advertisement
The good news is that most of those found to be defective were older models — 42 , specifically , out of 50 found duds .
But the majority of tasers in service in Canada and elsewhere likely have a few miles on them ( I 've seen the Wire , I know how police budgets work ! ) , so this is still not good news .
The study is related to an ongoing investigation of the death of a man at a Vancouver airport in 2007 , who was tased 5 times by police .
Which has to be a rough way to go .
So if you 're in a situation where a tasing seems likely , make sure you check the model number in the cop 's hand before you get hit with the juice !
Yikes I say !
Advertisement
Last year , a different Canadian study found that one - third of those tased need medical attention afterwards .
Coincidence ?
[ Edmonton Journal via Fark , photo by Hermanturnip / Flickr ]
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Pink Floyd , the band behind Dark Side of the Moon , one of the best - selling albums in music history , have filed a lawsuit against EMI , claiming the private equity - backed firm has miscalculated royalty payments .
The unprecedented legal claim is a glimpse at the fraught relationship between EMI , under the ownership of Guy Hands 's Terra Firma , and some of the label 's leading acts .
The new owner 's arrival in 2007 was blamed for the departure of acts such as Radiohead and Paul McCartney .
Terra Firma acquired stock market - listed EMI for just over £ 4bn , saddling it with £ 2.5 bn of debt in the process .
Hands , who became chairman , quickly moved to cut costs .
Industry insiders suggest the legal action is likely to have flared up amid routine three - yearly negotiations over royalty payments .
Pink Floyd , who signed with EMI in 1967 , have been one of EMI 's most lucrative signings .
In the last 25 years their back catalogue has only been outsold by that of the Beatles .
EMI and Pink Floyd declined to comment .
Friday Q&A 2009 - 03 - 13 : Intro to the Objective - C Runtime
Welcome back to another Friday Q&A , on another Friday the 13th .
This week I 'm going to take Oliver Mooney 's suggestion and talk about the Objective - C runtime , how it works , and what it can do for you .
Many Cocoa programmers are only vaguely aware of the Objective - C runtime .
They know it 's there ( and some do n't even know this ! ) , that it 's important , and you can't run Objective - C without it , but that 's about where it stops .
Today I want to run through exactly how Objective - C works at the runtime level and what kinds of things you can do with it .
( Note : I 'll be talking only about Apple 's runtime on 10.5 and later .
The runtime on 10.4 and earlier is missing many APIs , instead forcing direct structure access , and the runtimes for GNU and Cocotron are different beasts entirely . )
Objects
In Objective - C we work with objects all the time , but what is an object ?
Well , let 's take a look and construct something that will tell us about them .
First , we know that objects are referred to using pointers , like NSObject * .
And we know that we create them using the +alloc method .
The documentation for that just says that it calls +allocWithZone : .
Following the chain of documentation a bit further , we discover NSDefaultMallocZone and see that they 're just allocated using malloc .
Easy !
But what do they look like when they 're allocated ?
Let 's find out :
#import < Foundation / Foundation.h > @interface A : NSObject { @public int a ; } @end @implementation
A @end @interface B : A { @public int b ; } @end @implementation B @end @interface C : B { @public int c ; } @end @implementation C @end int main ( int argc , char ** argv ) { [ NSAutoreleasePool new ] ; C * obj = [ [ C alloc ] init ] ; obj -> a = 0 xaaaaaaaa ; obj -> b = 0xbbbbbbbb ; obj -> c = 0xcccccccc ; NSData * objData = [ NSData dataWithBytes : obj length : malloc_size ( obj ) ] ; NSLog ( @ " Object contains %@ " , objData ) ; return 0 ; }
malloc_size
NSData
2009 - 01 - 27 15 : 58 : 04.904 a . out [ 22090 : 10 b ]
Object contains < 20300000 aaaaaaaa bbbbbbbb cccccccc >
We construct a class hierarchy that just has some instance variables , then we put obvious values into each ivar .
Then we extract the data in nice printable form usingto get the right length , and useto print a nice hex representation .
Here 's what we get :
We can see here that the class just gets laid out sequentially in memory .
First you have A's ivar , then B's , then C's .
Easy !
But what 's this 20300000 thing at the beginning ?
Well , it comes before A's ivar , so it must be NSObject's .
Let 's look at NSObject 's definition :
/***********
Base class ***********/ @interface NSObject { Class isa ; }
Class
/usr/include/objc/objc.h
typedef struct objc_class * Class ;
/usr/include/objc/runtime.h
struct objc_class { Class isa ; # if !__OBJC2__ Class super_class OBJC2_UNAVAILABLE
; const char * name OBJC2_UNAVAILABLE
; long version OBJC2_UNAVAILABLE ; long info OBJC2_UNAVAILABLE ; long instance_size OBJC2_UNAVAILABLE
; struct objc_ivar_list * ivars OBJC2_UNAVAILABLE
; struct objc_method_list ** methodLists OBJC2_UNAVAILABLE
; struct objc_cache * cache OBJC2_UNAVAILABLE
; struct objc_protocol_list * protocols OBJC2_UNAVAILABLE
; #endif } OBJC2_UNAVAILABLE
;
Class
Class
Sure enough , there 's another ivar .
But what 's thisbusiness ?
If we tell Xcode to take us to the definition we find ourselves inwhich contains :
And following it further we get towhich contains :
So ais a pointer to a structure which ... starts with another
Let 's look at another root class , NSProxy :
@interface NSProxy { Class isa ; }
id
typedef struct objc_object {
Class isa ; } * id ;
Class isa
It 's there too .
Let 's look in one more place , the definition of , the Objective - C type for " any object " :
There it is again .
Clearly every single Objective - C object must start with , even class objects .
But what is it ?
As the name and type imply , the isa ivar indicates what class a particular object is .
Every Objective - C object must begin with an isa pointer , otherwise the runtime wo n't know how to work with it .
Everything about a particular object 's type is wrapped up in that one little pointer .
The remainder of an object is basically just a big blob and as far as the runtime is concerned , it is irrelevant .
It 's up to the individual classes to give that blob meaning .
Classes
What exactly do classes contain , then ?
The " unavailable " structure members give a good clue .
( They 're there for compatibility with the pre-Leopard runtime , and you should n't use them if you 're targeting Leopard , but it still tells us what kind of information is there . )
First comes the isa , which allows a class to act like an object as well .
There 's a pointer to the superclass , giving the proper class hierarchy .
Some other basic information about the class follows .
At the end is the really interesting stuff .
There 's a list of instance variables , a list of methods , and a list of protocols .
All of this stuff is accessible at runtime , and can be modified at runtime too .
I skipped right over the cache member because it's not really useful for runtime manipulation , but it's an interesting exposure of an implementation detail .
Every time you send a message ( [ foo bar ] ) the runtime has to look up the actual code to invoke by rummaging through the list of methods in the target object 's class .
However , methods are stored in big linear lists by default , so this is really slow .
The cache is just a hash table mapping selectors to code .
The first time you send a message you 'll get a slow , time - consuming lookup , but the result is put in the hash table .
Subsequent calls will find the entry in the hash table , making the process go much faster .
Looking at the rest of runtime.h you 'll see a lot of functions for accessing and manipulating these properties .
Each function is prefixed with what it operates on .
General runtime functions start with objc_ , functions that operate on a class start with class_ , and so forth .
For example , you can call class_getInstanceMethod to get information about a particular method , like the argument / return types .
Or you can call class_addMethod to add a new method to an existing class at runtime .
You can even create a whole new class at runtime by using objc_allocateClassPair .
Practical Applications
There are tons of useful things that can be done with this kind of runtime meta- information , but here are some ideas .
Automatic ivar / method searches .
Apple 's Key - Value
Coding does this kind of thing already : you give it a name , and it looks up a method or ivar based on that name and does some stuff with it .
You can do that kind of thing yourself , in case you need to look up an ivar based on a name or something of the sort .
Automatically register / invoke subclasses .
Using objc_getClassList you can get a list of all classes currently known to the runtime , and by tracing out the class hierarchy , you can identify which ones subclass a given class .
This can let you write subclasses to handle specialized data formats or other such situations and let the superclass look them up without having to tediously register every subclass manually .
Automatically call a method on every class .
This can be useful for custom unit testing frameworks and the like .
Similar to # 2 , but look for a method being implemented rather than a particular class hierarchy .
Override methods at runtime .
The runtime provides a complete set of tools for re-pointing methods to custom implementations so that you can change what classes do without touching their source code .
Automatically deallocate synthesized properties .
The @synthesize keyword is handy for making the compiler generate setters / getters but it still forces you to write cleanup code in - dealloc .
By reading meta-information about the class 's properties , you can write code that will go through and clean up all synthesized properties automatically instead of having to write code for each case .
Bridging .
By dynamically generating classes at runtime , and by looking up the necessary properties on demand , you can create a bridge between Objective - C and another ( sufficiently dynamic ) language .
Much more .
Do n't feel limited to the above , come up with your own ideas !
Wrapping Up
Objective - C is a powerful language and the comprehensive runtime API is an extremely useful part of it .
While it may be a bit ugly groveling around in all that C code , it 's really not that difficult to work with , and it's well worth the power it provides .
That 's it for this week 's Friday Q&A .
Please send in your suggestions , either by posting them below or by e-mail ( tell me if you do n't want me to use your name ) .
Friday Q&A runs on your suggestions so please write in !
Have a favorite use of the ObjC runtime ?
Something you dislike about it ?
Have a tip to share ?
Post it all below .
Did you enjoy this article ?
I 'm selling whole books full of them !
Volumes II and III are now out !
They 're available as ePub , PDF , print , and on iBooks and Kindle .
Click here for more information
Comments :
Add your thoughts , post a comment :
Spam and off - topic posts will be deleted without notice .
Culprits may be publicly humiliated at my sole discretion .
JavaScript is required to submit comments due to anti-spam measures .
Please enable JavaScript and reload the page .
ATLANTA ( AP ) 
Newly published photographs of the aftermath of the assassination of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. languished for decades in Life magazine 's archive before being published on the magazine 's website this week .
About a dozen black - and - white pictures that went online Thursday include scenes of King 's associates meeting solemnly in the civil rights leader 's motel room , standing on the balcony where he stood for the last time , and workers cleaning the last of the blood .
Saturday marks the 41st anniversary of the assassination .
They were taken April 4 , 1968 , by Life magazine photographer Henry Groskinsky , who was on assignment in Alabama with writer Mike Silva when they learned that King had been shot in Memphis and rushed to the scene .
Groskinsky , reached at his vacation home in Boca Raton , Fla. , said Friday he learned about a week ago that the photographs , which he does not own , would be made public .
" The only thing I can figure is it might 've had something to do with the ( anniversary ) , " he said .
" I think with Life opening up that new website , they started looking through the archives and ... said , ' What 's this ?
Why was n't this published at the time of the assassination ? "
Instead , the now - famous Associated Press photo taken by another photographer , depicting King 's lieutenants pointing in the direction of the assassin , was used by Life and other publications .
None of Groskinsky 's images were published and he said he 's glad they are now on display .
" I thought it was great , " Groskinsky said .
" Finally , those pictures will see the light of day .
People will see what the situation looked like . "
Since then , Groskinsky said he has talked to Silva about the experience , and even pulls out his own copies of the photos once every decade or so .
" I do n't dwell on them , " he said .
" Every once in a while , I come across that envelope and reminisce about it . "
Still , he has had time to reflect on his contribution to a watershed moment for the country .
" It 's very nice to be a part of history , " he said .
" Unfortunately , it was a sad part of history .
But there was nobody else there .
We documented what we could . "
Groskinsky recalled that he and Silva were n't sure what they would encounter as two white men new to the story of the civil rights movement .
To their surprise , they had access not just to the motel but to King 's room .
" We were greeted very nicely , " he said .
" We had relatively easy access , but I did n't want to push it .
I really felt like an intruder .
There was no pressure from anyone .
That made us feel much more comfortable . "
King was in Memphis to support black sanitation workers who had been on strike .
The day before he was killed , King delivered his " I 've Been to the Mountaintop " address .
He was standing on the balcony at about 6 p.m. the next day , when James Earl Ray fatally shot him with a high - powered rifle .
Some of the more famous photos of that day show people on the balcony pointing toward where they heard the shots fired from across the street and one of King after being felled by the bullet .
The newly published photos include one showing King 's open briefcase , a can of shaving cream on top of neatly folded pajamas and the book Strength to Love appearing from the top of the pocket of the briefcase .
Other images are of the building where the fatal shot was fired and of the balcony of that building .
" The atmosphere of those dark , creepy buildings ...
It was a little scary crawling into the building , because who knows who is going to be there ?
Who does n't want you to be there ? "
Groskinsky said in one of the photograph captions .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
SHARE
By
Madison - A Dean Health
System nurse was called out of surgery so a manager could tell her that she was being laid off .
Dean Health said the surgery was minor and the patient was n't affected , but the manager who summoned the nurse from surgery violated medical protocol .
Dean Health spokesman Paul Pitas said the incident happened at Dean 's West Clinic in Madison on Wednesday or Thursday .
The Madison - based health care provider announced last week that it planned to immediately lay off 90 employees .
Pitas declined to name the employees involved or what type of surgery the nurse was attending when she was called away .
Here 's the final communique of the G20 summit , sort of like the final research paper put together by a team of egos and rivals .
( It begins : " We , the Leaders of the Group of Twenty , met in London on 2 April 2009 . " )
President Obama was supposed to convince European leaders to spend more money on their home economies ; he did n't do that .
Instead , the White House -- and the world -- were preoccupied by Obama 's side meetings .
There he is , making amends with Medvedev ; look -- he 's bantering with Hu .
He gave the Queen an iPod !
Michelle touched the Queen 's back !
All these distractions from the common purpose served the Obama White House well .
News blackout aside , they 're sending home great pictures , and they 've got a report card full of good grades ( incomplete as they are ) to show their mommies .
I gather from the financial press that there are a few " winners " of the summit .
One is the IMF , which will get an infusion of at least a trillion dollars from richer countries in order to dampen the effects of the global downturn in less developed countries .
The comminique includes a long section on protectionism , more money pledged to protect against protectionism (! ) and a reaffirmation of the principles of the Doha round of trade negotiations .
I take it that Germany and France wanted tighter regulations on hedge funds and other financial instruments , and the final document creates a standards board that will standardize ... not much , yet , but it 's a step .
Newswise — Anybody in the workplace , and perhaps politics , has probably experienced this perplexing phenomenon .
The guy ( or gal ) in charge is n't really competent for the job .
How can this be ?
According to a study by researchers at the University of California , Berkeley 's Haas School of Business , those who act more dominantly are perceived as more competent , even if their actual skills do n't measure up .
Organizational behavior and industrial relations Associate Professor Cameron Anderson and doctoral candidate Gavin Kilduff documented their findings in a recently published paper , " Why Do Dominant Personalities Attain Influence in Face - to - Face Groups ?
The Competence - Signaling Effects of Trait Dominance . "
To test this " great pretender " theory amongst perceived leaders , Anderson and Kilduff recruited 68 unacquainted students and divided them into 17 same - gender teams of four people each .
The participants ' average age : 21 years .
The researchers gave each team 45 minutes to design a mock non-profit environmental organization or a for - profit Web site .
The winning team would receive a $ 400 prize .
More importantly , the experiment required each participant to rate his or her colleagues ' level of influence on the group , and each participant 's level of competence .
The sessions were videotaped so the researchers and an independent group of observers could also rate the students ' work .
The independent observers were selected to reflect the subjects ' peer group .
The results revealed that team members with the most dominant personalities were rated the highest for such qualities as general intelligence , dependability , and self - discipline .
At the same time , subjects perceived less outspoken workers as having less desirable traits , giving them high scores for being conventional and uncreative .
To be fair , Anderson and Kilduff wanted to give the alpha standouts of the group the benefit of the doubt .
Perhaps these newly anointed leaders were indeed , more competent .
A second experiment left no debate .
In round two , researchers asked the teams of students to solve computational problems taken from old versions of the Graduate Management Aptitude Test ( GMAT ) .
Participants reported their previous Scholastic Aptitude Test ( SAT ) math scores to researchers prior to trying to solve the GMAT problems .
When it was time to reveal the answers out loud , the people who spoke up more were , again , the ones their teammates deemed as the leaders of the group .
In addition , it did n't matter if the chosen leaders offered the correct answers , only that they offered more responses .
What 's more , the leaders did n't even have to provide the final solution to the problem to be exalted to the top of the heap .
Anderson and Kilduff 's work redefines what it means to be dominant in the context of influence .
Past studies have aligned dominant behavior with aggressive , heavy handed tactics .
This study found dominant people attain influence by displaying competence , " These findings suggest that dominant individuals may ascent group hierarchies by appearing helpful to the group 's overall success as opposed to aggressively grabbing power . "
While the findings may be troubling to some , they may be helpful to managers who may want to look a little closer when judging their employees ' true productivity and value .
The study 's results may also help individuals achieve improvement in their own reputations " just by speaking up .
This paper was published in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology .
Vol. 96 ( 2 ) , Feb 2009 .
Cameron Anderson's Bio : http://www.haas.berkeley.edu/faculty/anderson.html
Updated May 7 , 2009
Amid intense public debate over the use of torture against suspected terrorists , an analysis by the Pew Research Center ’s Forum on Religion & Public Life of a new survey by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press illustrates differences in the views of four major religious traditions in the U.S. about whether torture of suspected terrorists can be justified .
Differences in opinion on this issue also are apparent based on frequency of attendance at religious services .
However , statistical analysis that simultaneously examines correlations between views on torture , partisanship , ideology and demographic variables ( including religion , education , race , etc. ) finds that party and ideology are much better predictors of views on torture than are religion and most other demographic factors ( See “ The Torture Debate : A Closer Look “ ) .
Of course , religion itself is known to be a strong factor shaping individuals ’ partisanship and political ideology .
Attitudes about torture are likely to reflect both moral judgments and political considerations – both of which may be formed in part by religious convictions – about circumstances under which torture may be justified .
Data from a Pew Research Center survey conducted April 14 - 21 , 2009 , among 742 American adults .
Other religious groups are not reported due to small sample sizes .
Question wording :
Do you think the use of torture against suspected terrorists in order to gain important information can often be justified , sometimes be justified , rarely be justified , or never be justified ?
By Maggie Shiels
Technology reporter , BBC News , Silicon Valley
Experts say the threat is increasing fast America 's cyber - security has been described as " broken " by one industry expert and as " childlike " by another .
The criticism comes as President Obama prepares to release the results of a review he had ordered .
Tim Mather , chief strategist for security firm RSA , told BBC News : " The approach we have relied on for years has effectively run out of steam . "
Alan Paller from security research firm SANS Institute said the government 's cyber defences were " embarrassing " .
The government review , which will outline a way forward , is expected to be opened up for public comment at the end of this month .
At the same time , President Obama is also expected to announce the appointment of a cyber - security tsar as part of the administration 's commitment to make the issue a priority .
For many attending last week 's RSA Conference in San Francisco , the biggest security event of its kind , such focus is welcome .
" I think we are seeing a real breaking point in security with consumers , business and even government saying enough , no more .
Let 's rethink how we do this because the system is broken , " said Mr Mather .
' Laws of procurement '
Over the past couple of weeks , the heat has been turned up on the issue of cyber - security following some high profile breaches .
One involved the country 's power grid which was said to have been infiltrated by nation states .
The government subsequently admitted that it was " vulnerable to attack " .
The review will provide a roadmap for tackling cyber- security Meanwhile reports during the RSA Conference surfaced that spies had hacked into the Joint Strike Fighter Project .
The topic is very much on the radar of politicians , who have introduced a number of bills to address security in the virtual world .
One includes a provision to allow the president to disconnect government and private entities from the internet for national security reasons in an emergency .
The latest bill , introduced this week by Senator Tom Carper , has called for the creation of a chief information officer to monitor , detect and respond to threats .
Mr Paller , who is the director of research for SANS , believes the government 's multi-billion dollar budget is the most effective weapon it has to force change .
" The idea of cyber - security leadership is n't if it's the White House or DHS ( Dept of Homeland Security ) .
It 's whether you use the $ 70 bn you spend per year to make the nation safer . "
He said the best way to ensure that was to require industry to provide more secure technology for federal acquisitions .
" If you want to change things , use the laws of procurement , " suggested Mr Paller .
Hot seat
There is a growing view that the industry is also at a crossroads and has a responsibility to alter the way it operates .
There are 32,000 suspected cyber- attacks every 24 hours " I think we are more aware of security than ever before , " said Benjamin Jun , vice - president of technology at Cryptography Research .
" We are looking at risk in a new way and the good security practitioners are in the hot seat .
It 's time for them to do their job . "
It is also time for them to come up with new technologies that can keep pace with , and move ahead of , the threats that affect the whole of cyberspace , says Asheem Chandna of venture firm Greylock Partners .
" For the evolution of the internet , I think we need the next wave of innovation .
The industry clearly needs to step up and deliver the next set of technologies to protect people and stay ahead of the bad guys . "
He also believes the smaller innovative companies in Silicon Valley could help the government be more productive if they were not effectively locked out of the process by the big established firms .
" We want smaller companies that are innovating in Silicon Valley to be given a better chance to help government agencies meet their mandate but the bureaucracy to do this hinders these companies .
" Instead they go to commercial customers because they see the value , they move fast , they see the return on investment and the competitive advantage it can give them .
The federal government is more of a laggard in this area , " said Mr Chandna .
' Silver lining '
There is undoubtedly a consensus that the security of the internet needs to be improved and that attacks are taking their toll on everything from banks to credit card companies and from critical infrastructure to defence .
The president has likened the threat to the internet to that of a nuclear attack " There is a silver lining to this dark cloud , " said Mark Cohn , the vice - president of enterprise security at security firm Unisys .
" Public awareness , and that among the community and interested parties , has grown tremendously over the last year or two .
" Cyber - security affects us all from national security to the mundane level of identity theft and fraud .
But that means society as a whole is more receptive to many of the things we need to do that would in the past have been seen as politically motivated . "
For security firm VeriSign , a shift in how people practise security is what is needed " Security is a state of mind , " said the company 's chief technology officer , Ken Silva .
" Up until now we have relied on the inefficient system of user names and passwords for security .
Those have been obsolete for some time now and that is why our research is focused on making authentication stronger and user friendly . "
To that end , VeriSign has introduced a security application that produces an ever - changing password credential for secure transactions on the iPhone or Blackberry .
To date the free app has been downloaded more than 20,000 times .
" It 's one thing to say security is broken , but the consumer does n't care until it affects them , " said Mr Silva .
" But if we as an industry want them to use stronger security measures we have to make it easy and more user friendly . "
Indeed , Mr Cohn believes everybody has to play his or her part as the online world becomes increasingly integral to our lives .
" It may seem like we are under attack and the world is more dangerous but in some ways the threat environment is shifting .
" Now the greater concern for people is protecting their information , their identity , their financial security as we move to put more information online like our health records and our social security records .
" We are at a crossroads and this should be viewed as a healthy thing , " said Mr Cohn .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A couple of days ago , frequent commenter Svensker talked about a friend of hers who had some problems , and I asked her to elaborate a little and find out if there was anything we could do to help .
We emailed back and forth for a few days , and here is the back story :
I have an amazing friend on the west coast .
She ’s smart , funny , quirky and a fantastic artist , who designs intricately detailed , one - of - a - kind art quilts made from found textiles .
A number of her quilts have been acquired by the International Quilt Study Center & Museum at the University of Nebraska .
She survived a bout with breast cancer a few years ago but was feeling good as she approached her 5 year remission anniversary , she had a decent job as an editor , and life seemed pretty good .
Then a few months ago she got laid off from her editing job .
She managed to keep up her health insurance , which is good , thing , because she was just diagnosed with liver cancer — treatable , but expensive , even with insurance .
She was struggling to bring in some income ( e- bay , on - line selling , freelancing editing , etc. ) and seeming to do OK … then I did n’t hear from her .
Called , e-mailed , nothing .
2 weeks go by .
She e-mailed yesterday to say that she ’d just got out of the hospital , where she was admitted after collapsing at home .
Reason she collapsed ?
Malnutrition .
Is n’t it lovely not to have enough money to pay for food AND medical expenses ?
The doctor ’s trying to get her strength up before they begin chemo , which they hope to start next week .
My friend ’s trying not to think about the fact that she is piling up huge bills on her co-pay and , at the same time , does n’t have much energy left over to work .
As an older single woman without any family to fall back on , her options right now are pretty slim .
If you ’d like to “ meet ” my friend and see some of her work here ’s a link to a show that Oregon Public Broadcasting did about her in 2000 .
Interview by : AMC ’s Clayton Newman
Author Jerry Pournelle discusses his new novel , Escape From Hell , the sequel to his 1976 novel Inferno — about a writer traveling through the Nine Circles of Dante ’s Hell — and explains the special part of Hell reserved for computer nerds .
Q : Why did you and your writing partner Larry Niven decide to return to Inferno after so many years ?
A : Because we had a story .
We do n’t automatically do sequels — it was twenty years before we did a sequel to The Mote in God ’s Eye because we did n’t have the story .
But it was pretty clear that the original Inferno was not finished .
And though it never hit a bestseller list , it has outsold many bestselling books :
It outsold Carl Sagan ’s Contact .
Q : In the book , Sagan ends up in Hell for being an atheist .
A : Carl was sort of a friend of ours .
We had arguments with him and disagreements , but yeah , we put him in there .
And I do not think he would have objected to his treatment in the book , or the reason why he is in Hell .
Q : In Inferno , your main character Carpenter partners with Mussolini .
In Escape , it ’s Sylvia Plath .
Why her ?
A : She is clearly smarter than Carpenter , and she also knows Dante ’s Inferno better than Carpenter — she practically memorized the poem .
But she ’s also less of a thorough - going rationalist , so the two of them make for interesting conversation .
What happened was Niven had in mind an opening scene for this book , and it starts in the grove of the suicides .
I ’d been fascinated with Sylvia Plath for 20 years , so I thought it would be interesting to weave her into a story .
I think most people will be in love with her before they finish the book .
Q : Carpenter meets up with figures ranging from Oscar Wilde to Adolf Hitler .
Who was your favorite to write ?
A : I have always been highly influenced by Albert Camus .
I wanted to put him in there and give him a chance to state his case .
But you could subtitle this book as Dante meets Vatican II .
That really is the point of the story , to reconcile the Vatican Council with Dante ’s more Medieval Catholicism .
Q : Science fiction writers do n’t often tackle issues of faith and religion .
Why did you ?
A : Science fiction writers are generally not Christian apologists — and this is intended to be an adventure story and a good read , not a theological work of apology .
But science fiction tends to be rationalist , and to a great deal , atheist .
And of course the modern conceit is that no intellectuals are religious , which I think is not true .
You start with a concept and you try to stay consistent with what you assumed .
It ’s like any work of fantasy — the best ones have a hard foundation to them .
Q : Like C.S. Lewis’ Narnia books .
A : Very much so .
Of course Lewis and Tolkein were good friends , and Tolkein was responsible for Lewis ’ conversion to Christianity .
At one time that trend was a lot stronger than it is now .
It is n’t as if there are no Church member scifi writers , although most of them are not .
It ’s a question everybody wonders as we all get older .
Q : Which Circle of Hell was your favorite to explore ?
A : It was fun trying to create the bureaucracy of Hell .
Dante never does — they just go through the gates .
But we spent some time inside the actual city of Dis and that was fun to create .
Larry ’s favorite is down past the Tenth Bolgia of the Ninth Circle — there ’s a gap between the Ninth Circle and the Tenth Circle , and Larry thought of something to put in it :
The computer nerd solipsist , the guys who no longer believe in the real world and are stuck in virtual reality .
Q : Do you have plans to write another Carpenter book ?
A : At the moment no , but you never know .
If this sells really well , that would obviously interest us .
At the moment , we do n’t have anything else to say on the subject .
Q : What ’s your next project with Larry going to be ?
A : We ’re negotiating another one now .
Probably the most lucrative thing we ever did was hit the Earth with a great big rock , so we may try that again .
Motorcycle taxis are a dangerous method of travel Motorcyclists in Nigeria have been wearing dried pumpkin shells on their heads to dodge a new law forcing them to wear helmets , authorities say .
Officials in the northern city of Kano said they had stopped several riders with " improvised helmets " , following this month 's introduction of the law .
Road safety officials said calabash - wearers would be prosecuted .
Thousands of motorbikes have been impounded around the country and taxi motorbike drivers have staged protests .
Calabashes are dried pumpkin shells more commonly used to carry liquid .
According to the new law , all motorbike drivers and motorbike passengers must wear helmets .
Kano Federal Road Safety Commission commander Yusuf Garba told the BBC they were taking a hard line with people found using the improvised helmets .
" We are impounding their bikes and want to take them to court so they can explain why they think wearing a calabash is good enough for their safety , " he said .
Fifty motorbikes had been seized so far in Kano city alone , he added .
Menace Motorcycle taxis , called " achaba " in the north of the country and " okada " in the south , are a cheap way for Nigerians to get around congested and chaotic city streets .
MOTORBIKE TAXIS Achaba comes from a Hausa phrase meaning " double enjoyment " , referring to taxi drivers being paid for being close to women passengers Okada is from name of ex-state governor 's now defunct airline Okada bike taxis were banned from the capital Abuja in 2006
The motorbikes cost around $ 290 ( £ 200 ) Passengers pay about 70 naira ( $ 0.50 ; £ 0.35 ) for a short trip Many drivers of the motorcycle taxis are furious over the new law , which came into force on New Year 's Day .
In the city of Kaduna , drivers waved palm fronds and rode in convoy to protest at the price of helmets , which can cost up to $ 29 ( £ 20 ) .
They say passengers often steal the helmets once they reach their destination .
Stories have also appeared in the local papers highlighting passengers ' fears that the helmets could be used by motorcyclists to cast spells on their clients , making it easy for them to be robbed .
" Some people can put juju inside the helmets and when they are worn the victim can either lose consciousness or be struck dumb , " passenger Kolawole Aremu told the Daily Trust newspaper .
Local government authorities often give motorbikes to jobless young men , saying it gives them a way to make a living .
But the BBC's Andrew Walker in the capital , Abuja , says handing out the vehicles does not address the underlying cause of Nigeria 's economic problems .
It is often an attempt to buy support for elections , our correspondent says .
The number of motorcycle taxis in big cities has exploded in recent years , causing concern about road safety .
Often untrained and illiterate , the drivers are considered a menace by many motorists .
Fatal accidents are common .
Road safety authorities say almost every collision in Nigeria 's cities involves an okada .
More than 4,000 people die on Nigeria 's roads every year and 20,000 are injured , according to the Federal Road Safety Commission .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Bush , top cabinet officials monitored torture of detainees
By Tom Eley
23 April 2009
Former President George W. Bush , Vice President Dick Cheney , National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice , Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld , Secretary of State Colin Powell and other top Bush administration officials had detailed knowledge of the Central Intelligence Agency ’s torture tactics and approved them , according to a front - page article published Wednesday by the New York Times .
Also on Wednesday , the Senate Armed Services Committee released the results of its investigation into the treatment of alleged terrorists in military prisons .
Among its major findings , the 231 - page report confirms that CIA torture began months before the drafting of the recently released Bush Justice Department legal memos that sanctioned it .
This confirmed that the memos were nothing more than pseudo - legal rationalizations for illegal policies that were already being carried out .
They were concocted in order to provide an ex post facto legal cover for CIA torturers and the government officials , from Bush on down , who gave the orders for their actions .
The same report provides evidence that the White House ordered the torturing of alleged terrorists in an attempt to extract statements linking Al Qaeda with then - Iraqi President Saddam Hussein .
This fact establishes a direct connection between the violation of domestic and international laws barring torture , the preparation of an unprovoked war of aggression against Iraq , and a conspiracy by the president and his top officials to deceive the American people and drag them into war on the basis of lies .
It underscores that the adoption of torture as a tool of foreign policy is part and parcel of a turn to dictatorial forms of rule and the assault on the democratic rights of the American people .
These latest revelations further demonstrate that the Bush White House was the headquarters of a militarist clique that operated with contempt for the Constitution and the law .
These are the very officials whom the Obama administration is seeking to shield from criminal investigation and prosecution .
The Times article and the Senate report signal a sharpening of the conflict within the state and the Obama administration itself over the torture policies carried out by both the CIA and the military under Bush .
That conflict erupted into the open following Obama ’s decision last Thursday to release four previously classified memos from the Bush Justice Department detailing various abusive interrogation tactics and vouching for their legality .
The new disclosures have made President Obama ’s position untenable .
He has repeatedly signaled that no high - ranking Bush administration officials and none of the CIA perpetrators are to be investigated .
On Tuesday , he left open the possibility of a criminal investigation of the Bush Justice Department lawyers who drafted the torture memos and suggested that he might support a “ bipartisan ” and “ non-political ” commission of inquiry into the treatment of detainees , along the lines of the 9/11 Commission that oversaw an official cover -up of the events surrounding the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington .
The Senate report confirms that torture , including waterboarding , was already underway well before the first Office of Legal Counsel ( OLC ) “ torture memo ” was signed by then Assistant Attorney General for the OLC , Jay Bybee .
This undermines Obama and Attorney General Eric Holder ’s argument that the CIA agents should not be investigated because they were following guidelines set down by the Justice Department .
The Obama administration has not even attempted to invent a legal pretext for not investigating the authors of the torture program , something it is obliged to do under international law .
It has merely mouthed banalities about the need to “ move forward ” and “ turn the page . ”
Wednesday ’s
Times article , which is based on “ more than two dozen interviews with current and former senior officials of the CIA , White House , Justice Department and Congress , ” reveals that the top Bush administration officials , including the president himself , were closely involved in approving torture methods .
The discussions took place after the March 28 , 2002 capture of alleged Al Qaeda member Abu Zubaydah in “ a series of small - group and individual briefings ” attended by Bush , Cheney , Rice , Powell , Rumsfeld , and Attorney General John Ashcroft .
The article reports that CIA Director George Tenet addressed the meetings .
The top Bush administration officials all personally approved the methods , or made no objections to their use .
Bush gave his approval , and Cheney “ strongly endorsed ” the program , according to the Times .
The meetings discussed the torture methods in minute detail .
“ Tenet ’s descriptions of each proposed interrogation method was so clinical and specific that at one briefing Mr. Ashcroft objected , saying that cabinet officials should approve broad outlines of important policies , not the fine details , according to someone present , ” the article notes .
Later Ashcroft intimated that he felt the purpose of Tenet ’s meticulous descriptions was to provide future legal cover in the event the methods came to light .
Indeed , Rice demanded that Ashcroft personally give his assurance that the torture methods under review did not violate domestic or international law , which he did .
The Times article also makes clear that top congressional leaders were briefed on the torture methods .
The article notes that in 2002 the methods were disclosed to “ the so - called Gang of Four — the top Republican and Democrat on the Senate and House [ intelligence ] committees ” in “ multiple briefings . ”
Among the four was Democrat Nancy Pelosi of California , currently the Speaker of the House .
Pelosi claims that while she was briefed on the “ enhanced interrogation ” methods , including waterboarding , the CIA told her the methods would not be used .
The committee ’s chair , Democratic Senator Bob Graham of Florida , said he has no recollection of any briefing on the methods .
Republican Porter Goss of Florida , who would later lead the CIA , had a better recollection of the meetings .
“ We were briefed , and we certainly understood what CIA was doing , ” Goss said .
“ Not only was there no objection , there was actually concern about whether the agency was doing enough . ”
The US Senate Armed Services Committee ’s investigation began in November of 2008 and is based on over 70 interviews and 200,000 pages of documents , both classified and unclassified .
A member of an Army medical unit deployed to Guantánamo Bay in 2002 told the committee that the purpose of their interrogations was to establish a link between Al Qaeda and Iraq .
The report quotes him as saying : “ a large part of the time we were focused on trying to establish a link between Al Qaeda and Iraq and we were not being successful in establishing a link between Al Qaeda and Iraq .
The more frustrated people got in not being able to establish this link ... there was more and more pressure to resort to measures that might produce more immediate results . ”
A former military intelligence official familiar with the investigation substantiated this , telling McClatchy Newspapers , “ For most of 2002 and into 2003 , Cheney and Rumsfeld , especially , were also demanding proof of the links between al Qaeda and Iraq that ( former Iraqi exile leader Ahmed ) Chalabi and others had told them were there . ”
The committee ’s report further substantiates earlier evidence directly linking Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld to torture at Abu Ghraib in Iraq .
In December of 2002 , Rumsfeld personally approved 15 “ harsh interrogation ” methods for inmates at the Guantánamo prison camp .
The methods were based on advice from military planners at Guantánamo and the Pentagon , and included such methods as food deprivation , stress positions , forced nudity , exposure to extreme heat and cold , and slamming prisoner into walls .
After objections were raised by military lawyers , it was determined that not all of these forms of torture could be used in Guantánamo .
However , Rumsfeld ’s memo was used , verbatim , to devise methods for such notorious US military prisons in Iraq and Afghanistan as Abu Ghraib and Bagram , the report reveals .
The media and politicians have remained silent over torture ’s human toll .
An unknown number of Iraqis and Afghans have died in US military prisons , some of these as a direct result of torture .
Over 40 Guantánamo prisoners have attempted to commit suicide over the years , resulting in at least three deaths .
Obama is being buffeted by bitter conflict within the state , which has in recent days seen open Republican attacks on his administration by Bush CIA director Michael Hayden and former Vice President Dick Cheney .
Both have categorically defended the torture methods and charged that by releasing the memos and acknowledging the torture employed under Bush , the new administration is jeopardizing national security and strengthening the terrorists .
In the face of open opposition from powerful sections of the military and intelligence apparatus on the one hand , and criticism from human rights and civil liberties organizations on the other , Obama has sought to appease the former while offering gestures of “ change ” to the latter .
A typical example of the attacks from the right was the lead editorial in Wednesday ’s Wall Street Journal , which argued that what the torture memos “ mainly show is the lengths to which the Justice Department went not to cross the line into torture . ”
It also warned that the exposure of overt criminality in the CIA would imperil the nation .
“ The risk - averse CIA that so grievously failed in the run-up to 9/11 was a product of a spy culture that still remembered the Church Committee of the 1970s and the Iran - Contra recriminations of the 1980s , ” it claimed .
As for the Democratic Party and the liberal wing of the ruling elite , it has largely repeated Obama ’s pleas to “ move on ” and not seek “ retribution . ”
No prominent Democrat has called for the investigation of Bush , Cheney and other top Bush administration officials , and not a few liberal commentators have echoed the concerns of the Wall Street Journal .
In a particularly filthy column , David Ignatius , columnist for the Washington Post , warned that the CIA would “ roll over ” and cease protecting the US from terrorist attack .
“ The lesson for younger officers is obvious , ” he writes , “ Keep your head down .
Duck the assignments that carry political risk .
Stay away from a counterterrorism program that has become a career hazard . ”
Ignatius then cited “ the chilling effects of past CIA scandals , ” lamenting that exposure of CIA connections to “ Guatemalan death squads ” had cost the agency “ sources who had provided truly valuable intelligence . ”
Ignatius closes his column by calling for “ a commission that can review secret evidence behind closed doors , then report to the nation . ”
This is the formula for a whitewash .
The conflict reaches well into the Obama administration itself .
In a private memo last week , intelligence director Dennis Blair told his staff that “ high value information came from interrogations in which those methods were used . ”
This justification of torture , from a high - ranking Obama cabinet member , is in line with statements of Cheney and Hayden .
The latest revelations add to a wealth of prima facie evidence for initiating of a criminal investigation of war crimes committed by Bush , Cheney , Rumsfeld , Powell , Rice , Ashcroft and other top Bush administration officials .
Such an accounting is absolutely critical to exposing and defeating the massive and ongoing assault on democratic rights .
However , this can only come about as the product of the mass independent political movement of the working class in opposition to the Obama administration , the two parties of the American ruling elite , and the capitalist system that offers only growing unemployment , poverty , oppression and war .
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) --
How long can you expect to live ?
The answer to that tantalizing question tells a lot about the success of a nation -- or the lack of it .
If the people in some countries tend to live several years longer than the global average ( as they do in , say , Japan or Singapore or most European nations ) that suggests that their populations are generally healthy .
But if they are below the global average , that suggests they drink too much alcohol or have other unhealthy habits ( as is the case in , say , Russia ) .
The U.S. performed spectacularly well in the longevity competition during the 20th Century .
Longevity in America famously surged from an average 47 years in 1900 to 77 years in 2000 .
We can credit many factors , including the virtual elimination of malaria , small pox and many childhood diseases .
Not only are Americans living longer , they are also working for more years than their forebears and they are retiring later .
This is partly because they have to continue working in order to support themselves in a slower economy and also , in many cases , because they wish to stay active and alert .
The problem with this triumphant prolongation of life is that the gains in U.S. longevity have slowed in the last five years or so and this has alarmed scientists and policy makers who study it .
Dr. Robert Butler , 81 , the influential and prescient physician who is CEO of the International Longevity Center in New York , believes that at least four forces are at work here :
The shockingly high infant mortality rate in the U.S. Mostly because so many babies are born in urban slums and country hollows , where prenatal and infant care is often primitive , America has the second steepest newborn mortality rate among developed nations .
In 2005 , the latest year for which statistics are available , about seven out of every 1,000 babies in the U.S. died before their first birthdays .
Though there has been steady improvement for many years , the U.S. is 29th in the world , behind even Cuba .
The multibillion dollar political power of the industries that contribute to the steep rate of obesity among U.S. children and adults , such as fast foods and sugared drinks .
Butler urges that the U.S. government create public - private initiatives to promote healthier diets and physical fitness programs among the public at large .
The estimated 46 million Americans ( 15.8 percent of the population ) who do not have health insurance and thus lack the kind of medical care that would expand and enhance longevity .
The slowdown in medical research in the U.S. Especially absent is the kind of what - makes - the - sky - blue basic research usually conducted by younger scientists and technicians , who tend to be the most innovative , daring , productive -- and successful when it comes to life - expanding discoveries .
The main support for basic medical research in the U.S. is not universities or drug manufacturers but the government , notably the National Institutes of Health .
The NIH 's budget has been flattened since 2003 -- hovering around $ 29 billion -- with the result that the rate of discoveries has slowed .
Among them , presumably , are the kinds of discoveries that would add to longevity .
Another factor , says Butler , is the researchers who receive NIH grants are getting older .
Butler reckons that the average age of researchers receiving their first NIH grant is about 42 , whereas he believes it should be 28 or 30 .
The encouraging news is that all these challenges can be addressed -- provided the nation has the will to do so .
Indeed , the new administration of President - elect Barack Obama and Congress in Washington are already committed to make health - care reform one of their immediate and massive issues .
If they add to that the commitment to battle infant mortality , obesity and the flattening of medical research , they will create a new and needed strategy for making American longevity even more vital .
Times remain tough .
And most employers would prefer not to fire people , if they can avoid it .
One possible way to avoid layoffs is through furloughs  making workers take an unpaid leave of absence for a set period of time .
Every day , it seems , another company , nonprofit group , governmental agency or university announces some sort of furlough program to cut costs .
The following items can help you decide if furloughs are an option for your firm .
FURLOUGHS 101
If you need to explain to employees what a furlough is , or could use a brief primer yourself , About.com offers a quick summary .
It is written for those in their 20s who have never been employed during a recession .
A FURLOUGH BANK
Unpaid time off can be a severe hardship for some employees .
To lessen the burden , some companies have taken to creating what is , in essence , a “ furlough bank , ” which allows employees to stay fully employed if they can find someone else on staff to take their unpaid leave .
Yeseterday I wrote an article titled Obama to Fund Entrepreneurs in Latin America .
In this article I discussed President Obama ’s remarks while at the Summitt of the Americas , particularly picking up on his pledge to send $ 448 million dollars to foreign countries impacted by the economic crisis , and a plan to create a fund to restart the lending to businesses and entrepreneurs in Latin and South America .
According to Bloomberg.com , the US would pledge $ 100 million to the so - called Microfinance Growth Fund .
The news of this US funded program to assist entrepreneurs in Latin and South America comes just days before the Wall Street Journal reported earlier today that lending at the biggest U.S. banks has fallen more sharply than realized .
It seems that despite government efforts to pump billions of dollars into the financial sector , lending at U.S. banks , including those receiving TARP funds , continues to decline month after month .
What this means is that the credit crunch is not only not getting better , it is getting worse .
Now is not the time to spend any taxpayer funds on entrepreneurs in Latin America and South America .
If money exists to create an Entrepreneurship Growth Fund , then that fund should be started in the United States and aid inventors and entrepreneurs in the United States .
I am not sure I buy all the “ party of NO ” rhetoric whirling around Washington , D.C. in reference to the Republicans , but it is certain true that we are well past the point where identifying problems is helpful .
We need to graduate , and quickly , to a point where ideas are put forth .
So let me be perfectly clear in what I believe .
I believe that U.S. taxpayer funds should not be diverted to create a Latin and South America growth fund .
I also do not believe that Congress should authorize the requested $ 448 million for foreign countries impacted by the current economic meltdown .
I believe that there are many U.S. citizens , entrepreneurs and small businesses who could use some of that $ 448 million that President Obama wants to set aside for those outside the United States .
I believe that before money is set aside for foreign economic recovery or for a Latin America and South America growth fund we ought to ask whether those monies could be used by American inventors and American entrepreneurs to create American jobs .
I recently wrote an article discussing what President Reagan attempted to do with respect to rectifying problems then faced by the Patent Office , and how he attempted to set up a climate in which U.S. industry could evolve to take a leadership role with respect to superconductivity technologies .
The great promise that was thought to lie in superconductivity has , admittedly , not yet been realized , but that does n’t mean that we cannot learn from the agenda and path charted by President Reagan .
President Reagan understood that it was essential for the U.S. to play a leadership role in technological areas as important as superconductivity could have been .
He realized that the Japanese were moving into that space and it was important for the U.S. to take serious and concrete measures calculated to succeeding .
The goal was , of course , to build high - paying technology jobs in the U.S.
In order to achieve that goal President Reagan did not suggest that we create a growth fund for the Japanese to assist them with research and development of important technologies .
Rather , President Reagan set out to reform the Patent Office , which he successfully did accomplish .
It is time once again to rescue the Patent Office from itself , and I sincerely hope President Obama understands the consequences if we fail .
What we need to be doing is encouraging innovation and entrepreneurship in the United States .
I understand that we have a global economy , but if we are to believe the rhetoric one of the goals of the green technology movement is to create U.S. jobs that can not be outsourced .
I think that is a splendid idea , but an idea that is not furthered by taking U.S. taxpayer money and sending it to Latin America or South America .
This would be furthered by providing inventors and innovative start - up companies with funds , support and an operational Patent Office .
You see , the entire idea of the wildly popular Bayh - Dole legislation , which has been called the most successful piece of legislation in the last 50 years , was to seed Universities with federal funds so they could conduct basic research efforts , obtain patents on innovations , license out technologies and reap the financial rewards back to fund further development .
If we thoughtfully seed entrepreneurs and inventors we can foster a system that would identify which innovations have the most potential , fund research and development and then as winners emerge investors would jump in and carry forward with new industries and new jobs .
Another way to spend $ 100 million would be to recall retired examiners back to the Patent Office .
Why not create a special group of ex-examiners who can come in and dive into the backlog of pending cases ?
You could even open up this special team to retired patent attorneys who no longer have an affiliation with a law firm or any client docket .
If you were to pay these retired patent experts $ 100 per hour that would give you 1,000,000 hours of time to devote to cleaning up the backlog of cases .
You could even split this 1,000,000 hours up so that some if it would go to examination of applications and to handling the growing backlog of appeals at the Board of Patent Appeals and Interferences .
From what I have recently been told there were about 6,000 appeals filed in all of 2008 , and so far in calendar year 2009 there have already been 6,000 appeals filed .
Those in the industry know why appeals are up so much , but lets save that discussion for later on this week .
In any event , the BPAI could sure use some help too !
So here is my proposal .
Rather than spend $ 448 million on economic stimulus for those outside the United States why do n’t we try this instead :
The creation of a $ 150 million U.S. Entrepreneurship Growth Fund .
The fund would distribute up to $ 100,000 to at least 1,500 small businesses in the United States .
The metric for distribution is simple .
Give the money to those who have the best plan to use the funds to create new jobs in the United States .
Applicants would have to describe what they would do with the money and how that could be expected to expand business and how it would likely create new jobs for American workers .
The creation of a $ 150 million U.S. Innovation Growth Fund .
The fund would distribute up to $ 50,000 to at least 3,000 small businesses to pursue development of technologies .
The metric for distribution is simple .
Give the money to those who ahve the best plans to use the funds to research and develop cutting edge technologies that have a likelihood of ultimately creating new jobs for American workers .
Give $ 148 million to the United States Patent and Trademark Office to fund up to 1,480,000 additional work hours by retired patent examiners and retired patent attorneys and agents .
This might be a drop in the bucket , but we are at the point where every drop counts , and I would personally rather the drops go to help U.S. citizens and the U.S. economy instead of helping others who never have and never will pay taxes in the United States .
As other wasteful spending plans emerge that wo n’t have any benefit for U.S. citizens or have any realistic chance of promoting economic recovery within the U.S. , I will try and find some money for the USPTO IT system , which Robert Budens , the President of the Patent Office Professional Association , says is “ hanging on by bubble gum and bailing wire . ”
But for now I ’m afraid you folks in Alexandria are going to need to come up with some McGuyver - like ways to use duct tape to keep the computers and network running .
A cool collection of pencil pictures showcasing the amazing work of artists using just pencil and paper to create stunning masterpieces .
It ’s astonishing how much artistic skill and talent some people have .
Equipped with merely a pencil and paper , they can create works of art with subtle shading and amazing accuracy of their subjects with beautiful pencil rendering skills .
I like to have a good doodle but these pictures are something else and at least with these I wo n’t get the usual comment about the pictures being Photoshopped !
Pencil drawings this good used to be common place 30 and 40 years ago .
Now photography and computer illustration has unfortunately overtaken handmade drawings .
Pencil sketches that captured a photo likeness is now an unusual curio on the internet .
Andy Buck Pencil Art
Andy lives here in the UK .
Check out some of this cool pieces of art …
Andy has been drawing since he was 3 and gradually progressed over the years until he reached A Levels at school .
It was at this time he was forced into drawing the human form and so the love of drawing portraits came about .
Andrew Buck strives to make every picture has perfectly real and hence his works are supposedly heading down the photorealism direction of pencil art .
Since his A Levels ,
Andy been doing the odd drawing on a commission basis and these are some of my his recent and popular pieces .
Andy ’s techniques involve shading with mechanical pencils of varying grade and size , smoothing with a q-tip or cotton wool , and erasing fine lines for hairs etc using either a solid rubber or putty rubber .
Visit Andy Buck pencil art on Deviantart.com
خطف البرازيلي نيمار الأنظار في مباراة فريقه باريس سان جيرمان مع رينس، أمس الثلاثاء، في الجولة الخامسة من الدوري الفرنسي
If you have n’t heard of human powered search engine , Stumpedia , you might want to give it a whirl .
It is essentially a human - powered search engine with a social aspect to it .
In other words , Stumpedia allows content producers to submit and profit from their work and then allows the search community to determine relevancy of search results .
While it is similar to human powered search engines Mahalo and Wikia Search , it differentiates itself because it is powered by the very people that use it .
How Is Stumpedia Different ?
Stumpedia takes a different approach to human - powered search than competing sites Mahalo and Wikia Search .
For example , the relevancy of search results at Mahalo is determined by their staff whose underlying motive is to profit from their own internally produced and hosted content .
Wikia Search takes the wikipedia approach to creating and hosting collaborative content pages .
Where Stumpedia is unique is the fact that it enables registered users to submit sites along with matching keywords and phrases .
The relevancy of search results are then ranked and rated by the volunteer community through the ability to vote listings up or down ( much like Digg , Mixx and Sphinn ) .
Unlike Mahalo and Wikia Search , Stumpedia is not a content producer or provider and as such does not host any content pages .
Furthermore , unlike traditional search engines they do not use bots or crawlers .
How Does It Work ?
Anyone can actually jump right on the Stumpedia Home Page and start searching .
The real value is being able to add to the search results in case you do not find what you are looking for but are aware of sites that should be included in those results .
To be able to add sites , you follow a simple registration process that asks you to provide an email address and your desired user name .
Once you verify your email address by clicking on a link in an email they send to you , you are able to contribute to the search engine .
One word of caution – be careful what you add because you will have a unique address that shows what you have added .
Therefore if you choose to add spammy sites or other inappropriate sites , it will be viewable via your public profile .
While the public profiles keep track of what you have added , they do not record what you have searched for .
So , there is some privacy built in to the experience with regards to what you are actually searching for .
Adding sites is so easy a caveman can do it .
For example , I searched for “ Arizona web design ” which produced zero results ( most likely due to the fact that this is still a relatively new service ) .
It ’s a good thing I know of a Arizona based web design company ( our own ) and so I added it .
I type in the URL in the submit field and an AJAX function opens a box that reveals a title and description field .
If a title tag and meta description tag are present on the site , it populates those fields with that data .
However , keep in mind that you can edit those fields as well .
After I am satisfied with the data , I hit “ Submit Link ” and the listing is added as a search result .
Sound simple ?
It is !
See screen shots below on how this works .
Initial search for “ Arizona web design ” produces zero results :
Adding a URL and hitting submit pops up this box :
And finally , the listing shows up as a result :
Additional features include most recent activity being shown on the home page .
You can also display submitted search results ( listings ) by popularity ( most votes ) in the following time ranges – 24 hours , 7 days , 30 days or 365 days .
What About Spam ?
A service such as this is no doubt susceptible to spam .
It would be easy enough for spammers to add listings for Viagra for example and then create multiple accounts to vote up their submissions .
So , when I asked how Stumpedia planned to deal with such occurrences of spam , they replied with the following statement :
“ Presently we ’re leaving it up to the community to handle spam submissions by voting down irrelevant results .
We ’re also monitoring activity and are prepared to take action if spam becomes a problem .
Banning people that spam , removing spammy results , etc , are all options we are open to . ”
This leads me to wonder if a select number “ thumbs down ” votes will work to automatically remove spammy results or at the very least , flag those results so that Stumpedia staff can manually remove them or do they simply remain with negative votes .
The latter is true for now – Stumpedia staff would have to manually remove them and in the meanwhile they remain although if several listings exist for a particular search query , they will be ranked lower .
Background and Future Plans
Stumpedia officially launched on February 22 , 2008 so it is a relatively new service .
This is why you will not find search results for many queries .
However as time unfolds and as the community continues to contribute , the amount of listings will only grow .
As of the writing of this post , there are just 2,160 links submitted and 341 members .
So , while they have a long way to go with regards to catching similar services , they have a pretty good model in place .
The service is currently free of any paid advertising .
When asked if we will see paid advertising in the future , the answer was yes but the good news is that they will incorporate a revenue sharing model that rewards users that are contributing to the service .
Some future stuff in the works include :
Users will have the ability to import and share their social bookmarks , making them easily searchable using the Stumpedia search feature .
Imported bookmarks would be ranked using their Social Rank algorithm and their associated tags would become search engine friendly .
For example , tags such as “ search engines , ” “ search_engines , ” “ search - engines , ” and “ searchengines ” would be considered one in the same and produce the same search results .
Social bookmarking features similar to del.icio.us will be added .
Additional social networking features such as adding / inviting friends and sharing link submissions are in the works .
They will add a feature that ranks and scores activity of members .
Future submission sections for news , videos , and images will be added .
Stumpedia sounds like an interesting service , one which I will use and contribute to as time allows .
I like the democratic way that users can essentially build this human powered search .
My only fear is that once Stumpedia becomes more popular , it will become laden with spam .
However , if the community stays active , they should be able to combat that with relative ease .
David Wallace David Wallace , co-founder and CEO of SearchRank , is a recognized expert in the industry of search and social media marketing .
Since 1997 , David has been involved in developing successful search engine and social media marketing campaigns for large and small businesses .
More Posts - Website - Twitter - Facebook - Pinterest
Share This Post On Social Media
Hi , I ’m Mark Nottingham .
I currently co-chair the IETF HTTP and QUIC Working Groups , and am a member of the Internet Architecture Board .
I usually write here about the Web , protocol design , HTTP , and caching .
Find out more .
Counting the ways that rev=" canonical " hurts the Web
I had a lovely holiday weekend in Canberra with the family , without Web access .
Perhaps I ’ll blog about that soon —
Canberra being in my opinion one of the nicest overlooked cities in the world — but that will have to wait .
Going offline for a few days always brings a certain dread of what one ’s inbox will hold when you get back , and this one was no exception .
That ’s because while I was watching the kids rolling down the grass slope on top of Parliament House , rev=" canonical " started to gain some serious momentum , billing itself as a way to shorten URLs that “ does n’t hurt the Internet . ”
In my opinion , this is an interesting idea with an very unfortunate execution that ’s bad for the Web , and I ’m going to enumerate the reasons here .
1. Misapplied Trust
If a resource with URL A has a rev=" canonical " link to URL B , A is essentially saying that it ’s the canonical URL for B .
In other words , anybody who uses that information is trusting A to make assertions on behalf of B .
A naive consumer of these links will allow A to put words in B ’s mouth no matter what their real relationship is ; http://evil.attacker.org/ can say that it ’s the canonical link for http://innocent.bystander.com/ .
Or , more subtly , http://example.edu/~user1/ can say that they ’re the canonical link for http://example.edu/~user2/ .
The important thing to note here is that A is n’t asserting what it ’s relationship to B is ; it ’s asserting what B ’s relationship to A is — which it may or may not have the right to do .
An easy answer to this is that “ we only are using canonical to mean that it ’s a short link ” — but the point is that the canonical link relation already has a de facto meaning , and it ’s not being used for that purpose .
Reusing canonical for this purpose only dilutes its semantics , reducing its value .
2. Rev is a Trap
# 1 scratches at the surface of a much deeper problem — that the rev mechanism is very powerful and very tricky , because while it does n’t change the semantics of a link relation , it does change the relationships between the parties , with many consequences that are n’t obvious .
Compounding this confusion is the single - letter difference between rev and rel ; people often use them interchangeably .
99 % of the time , rev gets people into trouble , and this is both the reason that it never really took off , and that both HTML5 and my Link draft have deprecated it .
Using rel and a separate relation is much clearer and much less prone to misinterpretation .
3. Unilateral Action
Finally rev=" canonical " has been launched as a Web site , a blog , and a Slashdot article , but AFAICT zero discussion within the communities that care about this ; HTML5 , HTTPbis and without coordination with the people who defined * the canonical link relation .
Launching a new library , service or Open Source project with these sorts of Web 2.0 marketing techniques is pretty much business as usual these days , so it ’s understandable that the same techniques have been used here .
However , it ’s important to understand that protocol and markup elements are n’t a standalone project — they ’re very much the shared commons that keep us communicating with each other , instead of past each other .
By unilaterally repurposing the semantics of an existing element , the already shaky agreement that our computers have when talking to each other just got shakier , with another special case .
Some Suggestions ( in both directions )
OK , enough pointing out what ’s wrong .
The idea of rev=” canonical ” is a good one ; the only thing that really needs to change is the syntax .
Something as simple as rel= " shorturl " should do the trick — i.e. , allowing URL A to assert that it ’s also available through URL B , which is shorter than A .
It does appear that some people have made that suggestion , but because the discussion has been spread across Twitter , at least one Google Group and countless blogs , it ’s impossible to tell what the real state of things is .
I ’ve seen at least one example of someone not agreeing with the rev=" canonical " approach , and as a result starting a new group to discuss an alternative , to “ come to consensus . ”
The problem , of course , is that that ’s the consensus of a very highly self - selective group , and not representative of a wider community .
This is where reusing established infrastructure such as the IETF APPS - discuss list or the W3C www - talk list would come in handy .
To be fair , the means of extending the Web in this fashion are n’t readily apparent to those that are n’t part of the process , so it ’s not surprising that they just went and tried to do it .
We ’re trying to fix this somewhat for links in the link draft , but I ’m sure it could do a better job .
Any suggestions are welcome on either to me directly , or on the HTTP bis list .
Stepping back , I think this sort of thing is going to happen more often , not less .
Microsoft and Netscape unilaterally extended the Web with MARQUEE and BLINK , and it was ugly , but the impact was n’t nearly as bad as countless Web developers all extending the Web in their own way could be .
The onus is clearly upon organisations like the W3C and IETF to make themselves as transparent and approachable to developers as possible , so that the latent experience and expertise in them can be drawn upon by these innovators , instead of being seen as either irrelevant or impediments .
A Brazilian archbishop dropped a bombshell on Friday when he said Catholics and gypsies had been more persecuted than Jews during World War II .
" The Jews talk about six million people killed .
But how many Catholics were victims of the Holocaust ?
They were 22 million in all , " Archbishop Dadeus Grings , from Porto Alegre in southern Brazil , told advertising magazine Press & Advertising .
The archbishop also contended that while " Jews say they were the main victims of the Holocaust , the biggest victims were the gypsies , because they were exterminated . "
The Jewish federation of the state of Rio Grande do Sul was quick to fire back , stressing that " this was not the first time Dadeus referred to the Holocaust in a distorted way .
" To diminish the Holocaust is an attack against the millions of people killed in a war unleashed by fanaticism and intolerance , " the group added in a statement .
AFP
When he visits Strasbourg , France , this week to participate in festivities marking Nato 's 60th anniversary , President Barack Obama should deliver a valedictory address , announcing his intention to withdraw the United States from the alliance .
The US has done its job .
It 's time for Europe to assume full responsibility for its own security , freeing the US to attend to more urgent priorities .
The creation of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation in 1949 remains a singular example of enlightened statecraft .
With Europe 's democracies still suffering from the ravages of the second world war , and fearing the threat posed by Stalinist Russia , the US abandoned its aversion to " entangling alliances " and committed itself to Europe 's defence .
General Dwight Eisenhower came out of retirement to serve as Nato 's first military chief .
As US forces arrived to take up their stations , the alliance soon found its footing .
In its heyday , Nato possessed formidable capabilities and real ( if never fully tested ) cohesion .
Its safety ensured , western Europe prospered and remained at peace .
Over time , the Soviet threat diminished and eventually disappeared .
Since then , however , an alliance once regarded as the most successful in all of history has lost its way .
When the end of the cold war left Russia temporarily weakened , the United States and its allies wasted no time in exploiting that weakness .
Nato pressed eastward , incorporating into its ranks nations that had previously formed part of the Soviet empire and of the Soviet Union itself .
American policy - makers urged the alliance to expand its reach , abandoning its defensive posture to become an instrument of intervention .
According to the conventional wisdom of the 1990s , Nato needed to go " out of area " or it would surely go " out of business " .
This programme of enlarging both Nato 's territorial expanse and its ambitions has now reached an impasse .
Through its military punishment of Georgia last year , Russia has signalled it will not tolerate further encroachments into what the Kremlin sees as its legitimate sphere of influence .
Meanwhile , through its ineffective performance in Afghanistan – Nato 's most ambitious " out of area " contingency – the alliance has revealed the extent to which its capabilities and its cohesion have eroded .
Present - day Nato is a shadow of what it once was .
Calling it a successful alliance today is the equivalent of calling General Motors a successful car company – it privileges nostalgia over self - awareness .
As with GM , so too with Nato : fixing past mistakes will require painful changes .
Continuing along the existing trajectory is not an option .
If the alliance pursues any further eastward expansion ( incorporating Ukraine into its ranks , as some in Washington have advocated ) , it will implode .
If it persists in attempting to pacify Afghanistan ( vainly trying to prod the Germans and other reluctant allies into deploying more troops with fewer strings attached ) , it will only further expose its internal weakness .
Nato wo n't survive by compounding its own recent errors .
Salvation requires taking a different course .
However counterintuitive , the best prospect for restoring Nato 's sense of purpose and direction lies in having the US announce its intention to exit the alliance .
Salvaging Nato requires reorienting the alliance back to its founding purpose : the defence of Europe .
This remains a worthy mission .
Although Vladimir Putin's Russia hardly compares with Josef Stalin's Soviet Union , and although current Russian military capabilities pale in comparison with those of the old Red Army , the fact is that Europe today does face a security threat to its east .
Having been subjected ( in its own eyes at least ) to two decades of western humiliation , authoritarian Russia is by no means committed to the status quo .
Given the opportunity , the Kremlin could well give in to the temptation to do mischief .
Nato 's priority must be to ensure that no such opportunity presents itself , which means demonstrating an unquestioned capacity for self - defence .
The difference between 1949 and 2009 is that present - day Europe is more than capable of addressing today 's threat , without American assistance or supervision .
Collectively , the Europeans do n't need US troops or dollars , both of which are in short supply anyway and needed elsewhere .
Yet as long as the United States sustains the pretence that Europe cannot manage its own affairs , the Europeans will endorse that proposition , letting Americans foot most of the bill .
Only if Washington makes it clear that the era of free - riding has ended will Europe grow up .
Nato 's anniversary bash promises to be an historic event .
As part of his promise to promote change , Obama should make it a farewell party .
This article originally appeared in the Los Angeles Times .
100 PHOTOS OF OBAMA’S FIRST 100 DAYS
1 . “ Obama criticized pork barrel spending in the form of ‘ earmarks , ’ urging changes in the way that Congress adopts the spending proposals .
Then he signed a spending bill that contains nearly 9,000 of them , some that members of his own staff shoved in last year when they were still members of Congress .
‘ Let there be no doubt , this piece of legislation must mark an end to the old way of doing business , and the beginning of a new era of responsibility and accountability , ’ Obama said . ” — McClatchy , 3/11
2 . “ There is no doubt that we ’ve been living beyond our means and we ’re going to have to make some adjustments . ” — Obama during the campaign .
MORE : Obama ’s First 100 Days in Photos
3 . This year ’s budget deficit : $ 1.5 trillion .
4 . Asks his Cabinet to cut costs in their departments by $ 100 million — a whopping .0027 % !
5 . “ The White House says the president is unaware of the tea parties . ” — ABC News , 4/15
6 . “ Mr. Obama is an accomplished orator but is becoming known in America as the ‘ teleprompt president ’ over his reliance on the machine when he gives a speech . ” — Sky News , 3/18
7 . In early February , the 2010 census was moved out of the Department of Commerce and into the White House , politicizing how federal aid is distributed and electoral districts are drawn .
8. Obama taps Nancy Killefer for a new administration job , First Chief Performance Officer — to police government spending .
But it surfaces that Killefer had performance issues of her own — a tax lien was slapped on her DC home in 2005 for failure to pay unemployment compensation tax on household help .
She withdrew .
9 . Turkey tried to block the appointment of Anders Fogh Rasmussen as new NATO secretary general because he did n’t properly punish the Danish cartoonist who caricatured Mohammed .
France ’s Nicolas Sarkozy and Germany ’s Angela Merkel were outraged ; Obama said he supported Turkey ’s induction into the European Union .
10 . . . . and he never mentioned the Armenian genocide .
11 . The picture of Obama and Hugo Chavez shaking hands .
12 . Hugo Chavez gave him the anti-American screed “ The Open Veins of Latin America . ”
Obama did n’t remark upon it .
At least it was n’t DVDs .
13 . Nicaragua ’s Daniel Ortega went on a 50 - minute anti-American rant , calling Obama “ president of an empire . ”
Obama did n’t leave the room .
“ I thought it was 50 minutes long .
That ’s what I thought , ” he said .
14 . Executives at AIG get $ 165 million in bonuses , despite receiving an $ 173 billion taxpayer bailout .
15 . “ For months , the Obama administration and members of Congress have known that insurance giant AIG was getting ready to pay huge bonuses while living off government bailouts .
It was n’t until the money was flowing and news was trickling out to the public that official Washington rose up in anger and vowed to yank the money back . ” — Associated Press , 3/18
16 . “ After pushing Congress for weeks to hurry up and pass the massive $ 787 billion stimulus bill , President Obama promptly took off for a three - day holiday getaway . ” — New York Post , 2/15
17 . MEGHAN CLYNE ON : “ I WON ” AND THE DEATH OF BIPARTISANSHIP
“ Obama soared to victory on the hopeful promise of a new era of bipartisanship .
During his inaugural address he even promised an ‘ end to the petty grievances and false promises , the recriminations and worn - out dogmas , that for far too long have strangled our politics . ’
“ Too bad it took all of three days for the promise to ring hollow .
“ Start with Obama ’s big meeting with top congressional leaders on his signature legislation — the stimulus — on the Friday after his inauguration .
Listening to Republican concerns about overspending was a nice gesture — until he shut down any hopes of real dialogue by crassly telling Republican leaders : ‘ I won . ’
Even the White House ’s leaking of the comment was a slap at the Republican leadership , who ’d expected Obama to adhere to the custom of keeping private meetings with congressional leadership , well , private .
“ It ’s only gone downhill from there .
The stimulus included zero Republican recommendations , and failed to get a single House Republican vote .
“ It ’s not just the tactic of using Republicans for bipartisan photo - ops , and then cutting them loose before partisan decisions , that irks Obama ’s opponents .
The new president wasted no time rushing forward with policies and legislation guaranteed to drive Republicans nuts .
The first bill he signed into law was the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act — a partisan hot - button that drew all of eight Republican supporters in the entire Congress .
Then there was the swift reversal of Bush policies on abortion and embryonic - stem - cell research — issues dear to the Republican base .
“ And when Obama and the Democrats in Congress took up SCHIP — the children ’s health - insurance bill that Republicans say vastly expands government ’s role in health care — they had an easy chance for real bipartisanship .
After all , the bill had been hashed out in the previous Congress , and a bipartisan accord was reached before President Bush responded with a veto .
Did the Obama team push for the compromise version in the 111th Congress ?
Nope .
They went back to the drawing board , ramming through the Democrats ’ dream version .
“ Of course , the lack of bipartisanship is n’t limited to Capitol Hill .
Obama has taken gratuitous swipes at the Republicans who recently decamped Washington , blaming President Bush for everything from the economy and the war to the lack of sufficient puppies and rainbows .
And who could forget the Rush Limbaugh flap — in which Obama ’s top advisers , including chief of staff Rahm Emanuel , orchestrated a public relations campaign meant to undermine the Republican National Committee chairman , Michael Steele , by framing talk - radio personality Limbaugh as the real head of the Republican Party .
“ For now , Obama ’s back - pedal on the bipartisanship promise just makes him look insincere .
But the real consequences of the mistake will be felt soon enough .
As Presidents Bush and Clinton could tell him , congressional majorities do change — and at some point , Obama will need Republicans on his side .
He ’d be smart to spend his second 100 days making up for the serious snubs of his first . ”
— Meghan Clyne is a DC - based writer .
18 . “ The willingness of a small percentage of military personnel to join extremist groups during the 1990s because they were disgruntled , disillusioned or suffering from the psychological effects of war is being replicated today . ” — Department of Homeland Security intelligence report
19 . Nixes a “ buy American ” provision in the stimulus bill .
20 . “ Yes , Canada is not Mexico , it does n’t have a drug war going on .
Nonetheless , to the extent that terrorists have come into our country or suspected or known terrorists have entered our country across a border , it ’s been across the Canadian border .
There are real issues there . ” — Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano .
The 9/11 hijackers did not come across the Canada border
21 . “ The Obama administration is signaling to Congress that the president could support taxing some employee health benefits , as several influential lawmakers and many economists favor , to help pay for overhauling the health care system .
The proposal is politically problematic for President Obama , however , since it is similar to one he denounced in the presidential campaign as ‘ the largest middle - class tax increase in history . ’ ” — New York Times , 3/14
22 . JOE SCARBOROUGH ON : PROMOTING FEAR
“ During his historic inaugural speech , Barack Obama promised to usher in a transformational age where hope would replace fear , unity would overtake partisanship , and change would sweep aside the status quo .
But early in President Obama ’s first 100 days it is obvious that the only thing that is changing is the Candidate of Change , himself .
“ The same politician who proclaimed during his inauguration that ‘ on this day we have chosen hope over fear ’ soon warned Americans that the US economy would be forever destroyed if the stimulus bill was voted down .
“ Why was it that same man who promised to put Americans ’ interests ahead of his own political ambitions chose instead to use the suffering of citizens to advance his agenda ?
“ Maybe he was following the guidance of Rahm Emanuel , who famously said , ‘ You never want to waste a good crisis . ’
“ They did n’t .
“ The White House ’s warnings were so over - the - top that Bill Clinton felt compelled to warn the new president against making such grim pronouncements .
Americans would quickly warn that the White House would not channel FDR ’s eternal optimism but rather embrace the gloomy worldview of Edgar Allen Poe .
“ The Candidate of Hope also quickly adopted the Nixonian worldview that Americans voted their fears rather than their hopes .
Over Mr. Obama ’s first 100 days , that cynical calculation paid off politically for a White House that seemed most interested in appeasing the most liberal members of his Democratic Party .
“ I expected more from Barack Obama .
For the sake of my country , I hope I get it from the new president over the next 100 days . ”
— Joe Scarborough , host of MSNBC ’s “ Morning Joe ” and author of “ The Last Best Hope : Restoring Conservatism and America ’s Promise ” ( Crown Forum ) , due out June 9 .
23 . Sanjay Gupta was in discussions to become Surgeon General , but the TV personality withdrew after he was criticized for his flimsy political record .
24 . Rasmussen finds 58 % of Americans believe the Obama administration ’s release of CIA memos endangers the national security of the United States .
25 . Only 28 % think the Obama administration should do any further investigating of how the Bush administration treated terrorism suspects .
26 . “ Obama thanked CIA employees for their work and said they ’re invaluable to national security .
He explained his decision to release the memos , then told everyone not to feel bad because he was now acknowledging potential mistakes .
Theirs , not his .
‘ That ’s how we learn , ’ Obama said , as though soothing a room full of fourth - graders . ” — The Oklahoman , 4/23
27 .
By releasing the torture memos , Obama opened American citizens up to international tribunals .
A UN lawyer said the US is obliged to prosecute lawyers who drafted the memos or else violate the Geneva Conventions .
28 . In their first meeting , British Prime Minister Gordon Brown gave Obama a carved ornamental penholder from the timbers of the anti-slavery ship HMS Gannet .
Obama gave him 25 DVDs that do n’t work in Europe .
29 . TIM CARNEY ON : PICKING BILL RICHARDSON AS SECRETARY OF COMMERCE
“ Richardson ’s value in Obama ’s Cabinet had everything to do with appearances .
First , he was the Hispanic pick .
Second , because Richardson had run against Obama for President , tapping him for the Cabinet helped the media write the Obama - Lincoln comparisons by burnishing the ‘ Team of Rivals ’ image .
“ But Richardson withdrew before Obama was even inaugurated when news came out about a criminal investigation involving David Rubin , president of a firm named Chambers , Dunhill , Rubin & Co. ( although there was no Chambers or Dunhill ) , who had donated at least $ 110,000 to Richardson ’s campaign committees and had also profited from $ 1.5 million in contracts from the state government .
“ This was an early warning sign about Obama ’s vetting process ( various tax problems and the Daschle problem would reveal this as a theme ) , but picking Richardson to run Commerce also highlighted that Obama and Richardson ’s promise of ‘ public - private partnerships ’ — such as Detroit bailouts , Wall Street bailouts , and green eenergy –was an open door for corruption and was at odds with Obama ’s promise to diminish the influence of lobbyists .
“ The Richardson mistake was one of Obama ’s first , and it was emblematic .
Richardson embodied Obama ’s attention to self - image and the problems inherent in his vision of an intimate business - government connection . ”
— Tim Carney is a Washington Examiner columnist
30 . Timothy Geithner nomination as Secretary of Treasury was almost torpedoed when it was discovered he had failed to pay $ 34,000 in Social Security and Medicare taxes .
He also employed an illegal immigrant as a housekeeper .
He was confirmed anyway .
31 . . . .
Not so lucky , Annette Nazareth , who was nominated for Deputy Treasury Secretary .
She withdrew her name for undisclosed “ personal reasons ” after a monthlong probe into her taxes . . .
32 . . . . or Caroline Atkinson , who withdrew as nominee for Undersecretary of International Affairs in Treasury Department , with a source blaming the long vetting process .
Geithner still has a skeleton crew at Treasury , with no one qualified — or willing — to take jobs there .
33 . “ Barack Obama has been embroiled in a cronyism row after reports that he intends to make Louis Susman , one of his biggest fundraisers , the new US ambassador in London .
The selection of Mr. Susman , a lawyer and banker from the president ’s hometown of Chicago , rather than an experienced diplomat , raises new questions about Mr Obama ’s commitment to the special relationship with Britain . ” — Telegraph , 2/22
34 . Obama ’s doom - and - gloom comments and budget bill push the Dow below 7,000 , from which it ’s only recently recovered .
35 . “ You ’re sitting here .
And you ’re — you are laughing .
You are laughing about some of these problems .
Are people going to look at this and say , ‘ I mean , he ’s sitting there just making jokes about money – ‘
How do you deal with — I mean : Explain .
Are you punch - drunk ? ” — Steve Kroft , “ 60 Minutes , ” 3/22
36 . “ We have begun to modernize 75 % of all federal building space , which has the potential to reduce long - term energy costs by billions of dollars on behalf of taxpayers .
We are providing grants to states to help weatherize hundreds of thousands of homes , which will save the families that benefit about $ 350 each year .
That ’s like a $ 350 tax cut . ” — Obama , describing something that does n’t cut taxes .
37 . “ The Obama administration has directed defense officials to sign a pledge stating they will not share 2010 budget data with individuals outside the federal government . ” — Defense News , 2/19
38 . Backtracking on a campaign promise he made to black farmers , Obama significantly lowered the amount of money they could claim in a discrimination settlement against the Agricultural Department .
“ I ca n’t figure out for the life of me why the president would n’t want to implement a bill that he fought for as a US senator , ” said John Boyd , head of the National Black Farmers Association .
39 .
“ I ’ve been practicing bowling .
I bowled a 129 .
It was like the Special Olympics or something . ” — Obama on “ The Tonight Show ”
40 . Obama lifts travel and remittance restrictions on Cuba .
41 . Obama considers dropping the embargo on Cuba .
42 . After warming signs from Raul Castro , Fidel Castro says Obama “ misinterpreted ” his brother ’s words , and that Cuba would not be willing to negotiate about human rights .
43 . Obama is considering dropping a key demand to Iran , allowing it to keep nuclear facilities open during negotiations .
44 .
In a letter to Dmitri Medvedev , Obama offered to drop plans for a missile shield in Europe in exchange for Russia ’s help in resolving the nuclear weapons issue in Iran .
45 . Medvedev said he would not “ haggle ” on Iran and the missile shield .
46 . Obama asked Congress for an extra $ 83.4 billion to fund operations in Iraq and Afghanistan , a special funding measure of the kind he opposed while in the senate .
As a candidate , Obama promised to cut the cost of military operations .
47 .
After trying to woo Europe as the “ anti-Bush , ” Obama made an impassioned plea for more troops in Afghanistan .
“ Europe should not simply expect the United States to shoulder that burden alone , ” he said .
“ This is a joint problem it requires a joint effort . ”
Only the UK offered substantial help , most others refused .
48 . “ While the online question portion of the White House town hall was open to any member of the public with an Internet connection , the five fully identified questioners called on randomly by the president in the East Room were anything but a diverse lot .
They included : a member of the pro-Obama Service Employees International Union , a member of the Democratic National Committee who campaigned for Obama among Hispanics during the primary ; a former Democratic candidate for Virginia state delegate who endorsed Obama last fall in an op -ed in the Fredericksburg Free Lance - Star ; and a Virginia businessman who was a donor to Obama ’s campaign in 2008 . ” — Washington Post , 3/27
49 . Obama bows to King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia at a G - 20 meeting in London .
50 .
“ It was n’t a bow .
He grasped his hand with two hands , and he ’s taller than King Abdullah . ” — An Obama aide
51 . DANA PERINO ON : REMAINING IN CAMPAIGN MODE
“ Has it really only been 100 days ?
In many ways it feels like a lot longer .
“ That ’s partly because the new administration remains in campaign mode most of the time .
Now that ’s not in itself a bad thing if you can do that and accomplish your agenda .
But what ’s happened is that a popular new president has laid out a very bold agenda in the midst of an economic crisis , and I do n’t think Congress is going to get a lot of work done on those big ticket items this year .
They ’ll eke out a couple of small wins on issues like healthcare and maybe energy , but the Democrats will hail them as big victories .
The Republicans have been working like a cohesive and loyal opposition party , and they need to continue to outline positive new ideas like the recent one to help grow American ’s savings .
“ The early stumbles on the administration ’s high profile nominations — Daschle and Richardson for just to examples — acted like weights around their ankles .
In addition , the partisan shots from the White House were unbecoming and I do n’t think we ’ll see more of that .
Our allies and our enemies — heck , even we ourselves — are trying to understand the new foreign policy direction , which in some ways seems to be change just for the sake of change .
The next moves by the leaders of other countries — like Iran , North Korea and Venezuela — probably will prove that really not much will change just because America has a new president .
“ In many ways , it ’s the next 100 days that will tell us more about our new president and what he ’ll be able to accomplish than we can forecast based on the first 100 days . ”
— Dana Perino was White House press secretary in the Bush Administration
52 . “ We ca n’t afford to make perfect the enemy of the absolutely necessary . ” — Obama , describing the stimulus bill
53 .
Three candidates for ambassador to the Vatican — including Caroline Kennedy — were turned down by the Holy See because they supported abortion , according to reports .
54 .
After saying he would n’t have lobbyists in his administration , Obama made 17 exceptions in the first two weeks in office .
55 . . . . including Tom Daschle , who worked as a top lobbyist yet was going to be appointed Secretary of Health and Human Services — until his failure to pay income taxes derailed his nomination .
56 . For an April 14 speech at Georgetown , the administration asked the university to cover up all signs and symbols — including the letters “ IHS ” in gold , a symbol for Jesus .
57 . Samantha Power , who resigned from the Obama campaign after calling Hillary Rodham Clinton a “ monster , ” was hired to a position on the National Security Council .
58 . “ Chicago has yet to recoup the $ 1.74 million cost of President Obama ’s victory celebration in Grant Park — despite a burgeoning $ 50.5 million budget shortfall that threatens more layoffs and union concessions . ” — Chicago Sun-Times , 2/20
59 . Firing Rick Wagoner as president of GM .
60 . Threatening to fire Vikram Pandit as CEO of Citigroup .
61 . Threatening to fire anyone the administration does n’t like from any company .
62 . Not adopting a dog from a shelter .
63 .
“ The GAO study asserts that officials from most of the states surveyed ‘ expressed concerns regarding the lack of Recovery Act funding provided for accountability and oversight .
Due to fiscal constraints , many states reported significant declines in the number of oversight staff — limiting their ability to ensure proper implementation and management of Recovery Act funds . ’ ” — ABC News , 4/23
64 . “ The National Newspaper Publishers Association named Obama ‘ Newsmaker of the Year . ’
The president is to receive the award from the federation of black community newspapers in a White House ceremony this afternoon .
The Obama White House has closed the press award ceremony to the press . ” — Los Angeles Times , 3/20
65 .
“ Though this nation has proudly thought of itself as an ethnic melting pot , in things racial we have always been and continue to be , in too many ways , essentially a nation of cowards . ” — Attorney General Eric Holder
66 . “ I did n’t want to get into a Nancy Reagan thing about , you know , doing any seances . ” — Obama , on consulting with only “ living ” presidents
67 . Obama quietly announced that he would not press for new labor and environmental regulations in the North American Free Trade Agreement , going back on a campaign promise .
68 . NICOLE GELINAS ON : MISSPENT STIMULUS
“ One of Obama ’s most poignant missed opportunities was in not using the historic $ 787 million stimulus package to reorder state and local government ’s spending priorities .
As states and cities continue to spend ceaselessly and without results on education and healthcare , they ’re crowding out investments in the physical infrastructure that the private sector needs to rebuild the economy .
“ In the stimulus , of the more than $ 200 billion that went directly to states and cities , nearly 70 % went to education and healthcare spending .
Only 24 % went to infrastructure spending .
“ But the states and cities in the most trouble already spend way too much on education and healthcare , pushing taxes up and sending private industry away .
They do n’t spend nearly enough on infrastructure , which attracts the private sector and builds the real economy .
“ As David Walker , former comptroller general of the US , said at the Regional Plan Association ’s annual meeting a week ago , nationwide , we are the ‘ highest in the world ’ on education .
We are ‘ the highest in the world ’ on healthcare .
‘ Nobody comes even close . ’
On infrastructure , by contrast , we are ‘ below average ’ in both critical new investments and in much - needed maintenance spending .
“ And , as Democratic governor of Pennsylvania Ed Rendell said at the same conference , when President Dwight Eisenhower left office , infrastructure spending was about 12.5 % of non-military domestic spending .
Today , it ’s about 2.5 % .
“ This shortfall is obvious to anyone who ’s ridden on an “ express train ” to the outer boroughs or driven on the Cross Bronx Expressway recently .
But in New York , as elsewhere , the stimulus money has just allowed the state to ramp up spending on its wasteful , inhumane Medicaid program and its nosebleed public - school spending .
“ Meanwhile , the subways are about to crumble into oblivion — taking the economy with them .
The same is true of decaying infrastructure in California and in aging states across the nation .
“ The stimulus was a once - in - a - generation chance to change this .
Instead , it made the situation worse . ”
— Nicole Gelinas is a contributing editor to City Journal
69 .
“ The Justice Department is asking the Supreme Court to overrule Michigan v. Jackson , the 1986 Supreme Court decision that held that if police may not interrogate a defendant after the right to counsel has attached , if the defendant has a lawyer or has requested a lawyer .
This is n’t the first time the Justice Department , under President Obama , has sought to limit defendants ’ rights . ” — TalkLeft blog
70 .
“ By any measure , my administration has inherited a fiscal disaster . ” — Obama
71 . “ Ahh , see .
I came down here to visit .
See this is what happens .
I ca n’t end up visiting with you guys and shaking hands if I ’m going to get grilled every time I come down here . ” —
Brushing off questions from the White House press corps
72 . On Earth Day , Obama took two flights on Air Force One and four on Marine One to get to Iowa , burning more than 9,000 gallons of fuel .
73 . “ President Obama ’s plan to require private insurance carriers to reimburse the Department of Veterans Affairs for the treatment of troops injured in service has infuriated veterans groups who say the government is morally obligated to pay for service - related medical care . ” — Fox News , 3/17
74 . “ And I believe the nation that invented the automobile cannot walk away from it . ” — Obama during his first State Of The Union address .
A German invented the automobile
75 . RALPH PETERS ON : FUMBLING IN AFGHANISTAN , FAKING IT IN PAKISTAN
“ We ’re squandering blood and treasure in Afghanistan .
Instead of concentrating fiercely on the vital task of destroying al Qaeda and its friends , the Obama administration ’s determined to erect a modern nation where no nation exists .
Afghanistan is n’t a country .
It ’s a dysfunctional reservation inhabited by tribes that hate each other .
There ’s no ‘ Afghan ’ identity .
And even if our blind - to - reality efforts succeeded perfectly , the result would be meaningless .
“ Except as a target range where we can gun down terrorists , Afghanistan does n’t matter .
Next door , Pakistan matters immensely .
But we do n’t know what to do about it .
With 170 million anti-American Muslims descending into chaos as Pashtuns , Baluchis , Punjabis , Sindhis and others claw each other over the country ’s shabby remains , Pakistan ’s corrupt president shrugs , its military cowers , its loathsome intelligence services collude with Islamist extremists , and the safety of its nuclear weapons grows doubtful .
“ Pakistan may be this generation ’s chamber of horrors .
“ The Obama adminitration ’s response ?
Drill more wells in the Afghan countryside .
Dramatically reinforce our troops in Afghanistan , sticking them with an impossible mission of modernizing a pre-medieval landscape while exposing them at the end of an insecure 1,500 - mile supply line through , of all places , Pakistan .
“ As for Pakistan itself , the Obama administration wants to send billions of dollars to a thieving government that makes Nigeria ’s look like a Quaker meeting and to hand Pakistan ’s military more arms — weapons that might soon be used against us .
“ Pakistan was a bad idea when it was created in 1947 .
It ’s a worse one now .
Afghanistan was n’t even an idea , just an accident of where other borders ended .
We ca n’t ‘ save ’ either one — because neither wants to be saved on our terms .
“ Obama said the right things — that Afghanistan is n’t Iraq and that our goal should be the destruction of al Qaeda .
But his policies just regurgitate our Iraq strategy ( one he opposed ) in a profoundly different context , while ambitious generals echo Vietnam - era calls for more forces .
“ Our troops will do whatever we ask , to the best of their magnificent abilities .
But we should ask them to do things that make sense .
We need creative strategic thought , but we ’re succumbing to sheer inertia .
And the presidet ’s supporters who howled that we should abandon Iraq to concentrate on their candidate ’s ‘ good war ’ do n’t seem to be volunteering to do any fighting .
Menwhle , our presient ’s trpped himself inside his own campaign promiseing , Vietnam ! ”
— Ralph Peters is the author of “ Looking for Trouble : Adventures in a BeW ” 77 .
“ President Obama failed to consult Congress , as promised , before carving out exceptions to the omnibus spending bill he signed into law — breaking his own signing - statement rules two days after issuing them — and raised questions among lawmakers and committees who say the president ’s objections are unclear at best and a power grab at worst . ” — Washington Times , 3/24
78 . Adolfo Carrion was confirmed as Director of White House Office of Urban Affairs , but is serving under a cloud after allegations that he accepted thousands of dollars in cash from developers whose projects he approved .
79 . KYLE SMITH ON : GOING AFTER RUSH LIMBAUGH
“ Every so often an unfocused athlete forgets about the field of play and climbs into the stands .
Ty Cobb did it .
Ron Artest did it .
Maybe no one did it with more sick flir than the greasy , furious Hanson Brothers who , in ‘ Slap Shot , ’ climbed into the stands to give a beatdown to a fan .
“ In March , Barack Obama sent his own personal Hanson Brothers , Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel and spokesman Robert Gibbs , out to attack a non-politician — Rush Limbaugh — who was sitting innocently in the stands jeering the action .
Limbaugh did n’t even throw a cup of beer .
“ Senior White House staffers , who have already fallen into the classic trap of paying more attention to polls than fixing the country ’s problems , had become obsessed with surveys showing that Limbaugh was an unpopular figure with swing voters .
Pretty soon Emanuel and Gibbs developed Limbaugh Tourette’s .
To paraphrase Joe Biden ’s witty putdown of Rudy Giuliani , for a few days every sentence they uttered contained three things : a subject , a verb and Rush Limbaugh .
“ El Rushbo , chuckling over his cigar as his ratings skyrocketed , could not have been more pleased if a picture had emerged of Obama wearing a Che Guevara T - shirt and burning the American flag on Harvard Square .
Even that portion of the public that does n’t like Rush squirmed at the embarrassing spectacle of the president ’s men going all Mean Girls on an entertainer .
George W. Bush ’s spokesmen maintained a dignified silence about Michael Moore .
Picture them fanning out over the Sunday talk shows to denounce , and drive up the box - office receipts of , ‘ Fahrenheit 9/11 . ’
Would n’t you have loved that , Michael ? ”
— Kyle Smith is a Post columnist
80 . Forced banks that did n’t want TARP money to take it , then added on stipulations about pay and government control after the fact .
Secretly forced Bank of America to buy Merrill Lynch , then allowed the bank to be criticized for overpaying .
81 . “ More than 90 % of the guns recovered in Mexico come from the United States , ” Obama said in Mexico , yet factcheck.org says , “ The figure represents only the percentage of crime guns that have been submitted by Mexican officials and traced by U.S. officials .
We can find no hard data on the total number of guns actually ‘ recovered in Mexico , ’ but US and Mexican officials both say that Mexico recovers more guns that it submits for tracing .
Therefore , the percentage of guns ‘ recovered ’ and traced to US sources necessarily is less than 90 % . ”
82 . Obama : “ [ Jim Owens , the CEO of Caterpillar , Inc. ] , said that if Congress passes our plan , this company will be able to rehire some of the folks who were just laid off . ”
Jim Owens : “ I think realistically no .
The truth is we ’re going to have more layoffs before we start hiring again . ”
83 . “ In America , there is a failure to appreciate Europe ’s leading role in the world .
Instead of celebrating your dynamic union and seeking to partner with you to meet common challenges , there have been times where America has shown arrogance and been dismissive , even derisive . ” — Obama in Strasbourg , France
84 . Joe Biden : “ If we do everything right , if we do it with absolute certainty , if we stand up there and we really make the tough decisions , there ’s still a 30 % chance we ’re going to get it wrong . ”
85 . Joe Biden : “ You all worked for change .
You wanted to see change .
Well , that was n’t a hard thing to try to communicate to the American people .
Obviously , obviously , we needed a change almost no matter who was running . ”
86 . Joe Biden : “ You know , I ’m embarrassed .
Do you know the Web site number ?
I should have it in front of me and I do n’t .
I ’m actually embarrassed . ”
87 . “ There are more than 6.5 million trucks in the United States .
The program Congress terminated allowed 97 Mexican trucks to roam among them .
Ninety - seven !
Shutting them out not only undermines NAFTA .
It caused Mexico to retaliate with tariffs on 90 goods affecting $ 2.4 billion in U.S. trade coming out of 40 states . ” — Charles Krauthammer , 3/20
88 . DAVID M. DRUCKER ON : BOWING TO CONGRESS
“ Although the president possesses enormous political capital — both because of high approval ratings and because his administration is still in its infancy — he has generally declined to exercise it with Democratic leaders in the House and Senate , including when it comes to crafting legislation key to moving his agenda forward .
“ Rather he has allowed House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif . ) and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev ) to craft legislation as they see fit — even though the very bills in question were proposed by the president and involve key planks in his agenda .
Among them were Obama ’s signature $ 787 billion economic stimulus bill , his first major piece of legislation that was signed into law in February ; and now health care reform , currently being negotiated on Capitol Hill with minimal input from the White House .
“ This soft - pedal style of leadership runs the risk of forcing Obama to embrace legislation constructed for narrow partisan interests rather than in a manner capable of garnering broad bipartisan support .
Over time , the public might come to see Obama ’s deference to Pelosi and Reid as a weakness of leadership not befitting a president in tough times . ”
— David M. Drucker is a staff writer for Roll Call
89 .
“ It has become apparent during this process that this will not work for me as I have found that on issues such as the stimulus package and the Census , there are irresolvable conflicts for me . ” — Sen. Judd Gregg ( R - N.H. ) , who became the second failed Commerce Secretary nominee
90 .
In the third sentence of his first speech as president , Obama said , “ 44 Americans have now taken the presidential oath . ”
The correct number is 43 , as Grover Cleveland served twice .
91 .
The $ 49 million inauguration — triple what taxpayers spent at Bush ’s first inauguration .
92 . Giving the Queen of England an iPod full of his own speeches .
93 .
Three prime - time briefings in his first 100 days , eating into television revenues and this Wednesday pre-empting “ American Idol . ”
94 . “ The United States government has no interest in running GM .
Your [ GM ] warranty will be safe .
In fact , it will be safer than it ’s ever been , because starting today , the United States government will stand behind your warranty . ” — Obama
95 . GM is given $ 15.4 billion in loans from the government .
96 .
The Obama Administration is trying to scuttle a lawsuit filed in federal court against Iran by former US embassy hostages .
The lawsuit alleges that Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was one of the hostage - takers who interrogated the captives .
97 . GLENN BECK ON : BAD ECONOMIC PREDICTIONS
“ Ten days before his inauguration , the President ’s chair of the Council of Economic Advisers , Christina Rohmer , released a report describing what to expect economically during the first 100 days and beyond .
It presented two starkly different scenarios : one good ( if the stimulus were to be passed ) , and one terrifyingly bad ( if we did nothing ) .
Amazingly , the report estimated that if the stimulus package were to pass , the unemployment rate would not go above 8 % at any time until at least 2014 .
“ It ’s already at 8.5 % .
“ In fact , while there is an acknowledged level of uncertainty , the projections estimated that the unemployment rate would be lower today if we had done nothing at all .
This suggests one of two things : either the administration misjudged the seriousness of our economic problems , or the stimulus plan is actually making things worse .
I suspect it ’s a little of both .
“ Remember , when the President ’s budget was released , he was roundly criticized for his never ending deficits , even under his own optimistic scenarios for growth .
The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office projected deficits that were even uglier .
But , if the President and his economic planners were this far off , this soon , how much worse does the future look now ?
“ The election was supposed to bring ‘ change , ’ but I was hoping for more than the letter after the President ’s name , the positivity of the media coverage , and the hypoallergenic qualities of the White House puppy .
President Obama did n’t get us into this situation , but so far he ’s doubling down on the same spending philosophy that did .
Common sense tells us that new debt is not the cure for old debt .
No matter what the slogans say , that wo n’t change in 100 days or 100 years . ”
— Glenn Beck is the host of the “ Glenn Beck ” show , weekdays at 5 p.m. on Fox News .
98 . “ Education Secretary Arne Duncan has decided not to admit any new students to the D.C. voucher program , which allows low - income children to attend private schools …
For all the talk about putting children first , it ’s clear that the special interests that have long opposed vouchers are getting their way . ” — Washington Post , 4/11
99 .
Obama enrolled his daughters in a DC private school .
100 .
“ Do n’t think we ’re not keeping score , brother . ” — Obama to Rep. Peter DeFazio , after the Democratic congressman voted against the stimulus bill .
Due to an editing error , a portion of this piece originally was improperly credited to Sarah Palin , when it should have been attributed to Meghan Clyne .
The United States Postal Service is jumping on the bandwagon of one of America 's favorite families .
No , not the one in the White House .
A new set of stamps scheduled to debut next month will feature all five members of the Simpsons , the cartoon family that has been making us laugh -- sometimes guiltily -- for 20 years .
And in an interactive feature similar to the one that accompanied the " Star Wars " stamps in 2007 , Americans are being invited to vote for their favorite Simpson online at usps.com / simpsons .
The voting will conclude May 14 , with participants 18 and older eligible to win a poster signed by Matt Groening , creator of " The Simpsons . "
The 44 - cent stamps , designed by Groening , feature Homer , Marge , Bart ( " a known philatelist , " according to the Postal Service ) , Lisa and Maggie .
They will be available in booklets of 20 and on stamped postal cards .
The stamps and packets of 20 cards can be ordered in advance .
The postal cards will feature the artwork from the 44 - cent stamps , with four cards of each stamp image selling for $ 14.95 .
The Postal Service also is selling a number of related items , including framed posters .
The first day ceremony will be held May 7 at Fox Studios in Los Angeles .
The Simpsons were selected from among about 50,000 suggestions for stamps that the Postal Service receives each year .
The longest - running comedy in TV history , it is the only television program to be featured on a stamp while still in production .
Groening and James L , Brooks , executive producer of " The Simpsons , " reacted with typically irreverent humor .
" This is the biggest and most adhesive honor ' The Simpsons ' has ever received , " said Groening .
" We are emotionally moved by the Postal Service selecting us rather than making the lazy choice of someone who has benefited society , " Brooks said .
For more information , go to usps.com or call ( 800 ) 782-6724 .
The For Collectors column appears weekly in H&G , alternating between stamps and coins .
You may reach Joseph Bakes at collectorscolumn@yahoo.com .
This amazing mechanical gizmo is actually a very complex timepiece that tells time not with hands , LEDs or LCDs , but by actually writing the time on a piece of paper .
Created by the horological artisans of Switzerland ’s Jaquet Droz , this analog clock is a true thing of wonder .
La Machine à Ecrire le Temps ( The Machine that Writes the Time ) took thousands of hours of hand and machine craftsmanship over nearly a decade to build .
The clock uses over 1200 mechanical components to work its magic including 84 ball bearings , 50 cames and 9 belts .
Crafted primarily from metal , the unusual clock is hand - wound and then activated by a single touch .
And if you do n’t believe how truly amazing this mechanical contraption is , check out this video of the clock in action :
And now that they know how to make one , they ’d be happy to create one ( of a limited edition of 28 ) for the low , low price of 400,000 Swiss Francs ( appx . $ 351,000 USD ) .
So mortgage the house , pawn the Bentley , sell some internal organs on the black market , and place your order now .
[ Jaquet Droz via BornRich via The Awesomer ]
From the California Energy Commission ’s Fifth Annual Climate Change Research Conference :
“ White roofs can cut a building ’s energy use by 20 percent and save consumers money , ” says California Energy Commissioner Art Rosenfeld .
“ The potential energy savings in the U.S. is in excess of $ 1 billion annually .
Additionally , by conserving electricity we are emitting less CO2 from power plants , ” Rosenfeld added .
If you break it down annually , it ’s about $ 250 per 1,000 square feet .
Since 2005 , California commercial buildings have been required to have white roofs .
Starting in 2009 , new residential roofs and retrofit constructions will be required to have “ cool - colored ” roofs , which reflect a higher fraction of the sun ’s rays than current roofing materials of the same color .
Most states offer some energy incentive package for white roof adopters , according to a company trying to sell you a white roof .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Tags : environment , roof
RiffTrax was caught up in the Twilight frenzy , and not surprisingly , given that we are staffed almost exclusively by 13 - year - old girls .
So when we heard rumors of the feature film — the whispers of John Goodman being cast as Edward were especially worrying — we sent so many texts beginning " OMG !!!1!!!!11 !! " we nearly shut down our SMS service .
At the movie 's premiere we were there among the throngs , shrieking with girlish glee when Robert Pattinson got out of his limo ( it turns out we had mistakenly gone to the premiere of The Changeling and were actually shrieking for John Malkovich , but the point still stands . )
And when it was finally released on DVD we ruined our first three copies by hugging them too much .
But we 've overcome these obstacles to give you the best RiffTrax for a sparkly - emo- vampire film that we know how to make , and we say with as much humility as we can muster , that 's a pretty darn good sparkly - emo-vampire RiffTrax !
Turn off that Ashley Tisdale download , tell the clerk at Hot Topic you 'll buy that hoodie later , and cozy up with Mike , Kevin and Bill for the mopiest RiffTrax ever !
Just before announcing that Internet Explorer 8 has been finalized , Microsoft has released a new report titled " Measuring Browser Performance : Understanding issues in benchmarking and performance analysis . "
The document explains the various browser and network components and how each piece can impact performance when benchmarking , capabilities and limitations of various benchmarking tools , as well as ways to design tests to avoid these issues .
What makes this report extremely dubious is the chart that is buried at the bottom .
It shows IE8 outperforming Firefox 3.05 and Chrome 1.0 , something that no other test on the Internet has ever shown before .
Before I start to rant and rave , I want to explain that I am an IE8 user ( in fact this post was written using IE8 on Windows 7 ) , though I do use other browsers from time to time .
IE8 is a vast improvement over IE7 , especially in performance , but I will be the first to admit that it still does not compete with third - party browsers when it comes to speed .
However , the table Microsoft provides shows the load times for the top 25 websites according to comScore , and IE8 does quite well .
The report notes that Microsoft " used the browser ' Done ' indicator for timing when the page when the page is completely loaded at that point .
For pages which continue to load and change after the ' one ' indication we have used common visual cues to generate the timings .
Timing is started when the Go button is pressed .
These timings were captured in January 2009 ; because Internet content is always changing you may get different timings when you run these tests . "
As you can see , IE8 outperforms Firefox 3.05 and Chrome 1.0 in loading 12 websites , Chrome 1.0 places second by loading nine sites first , and Firefox brings up the rear by loading four sites faster than the other two browsers .
Also , in case you missed it , IE loads mozilla.com faster than Firefox , and Firefox loads microsoft.com faster than IE , just for kicks .
This report is bound to stir up a lot of controversy , especially since Microsoft outlines its exact methodology .
The report is available publicly at the Microsoft Download Center in PDF and XPS formats , so check it out if you have the time for reading through 14 pages .
Microsoft chooses approximately 25 websites for daily testing , and tens of thousands on a monthly basis .
If you 're going to do your own tests , Microsoft emphasizes that " any list of websites to be used for benchmarking must contain a variety of websites , including international websites , to help ensure a complete picture of performance as users would experience on the Internet . "
Microsoft obviously wants to get users who are using alternative browser to come and try out IE8 , which is why this report is quietly being released just before the new browser becomes available this month .
Is this the best way to go about it ?
The fact that this is the first test ( at least that I 'm aware of ) to show IE8 loading multiple websites faster than Firefox and Chrome , and the top 25 websites no less , is very supicious .
What do you think ?
Update
Microsoft has a promotional video up on microsoft.com that shows off these speed tests .
Looks like the report may have been released quietly , but Microsoft is promoting the data from it quite strongly .
A controversial proposal that would have seen judges directed to consider the use of Internet proxies when handing down sentences for online crimes has been rejected by the US Sentencing Commission .
The initial proposal would have directed judges to consider the use of a proxy as an indication of the sophistication and intent of those who have been convicted , but civil liberties groups and technology advocates strongly opposed the matter , given that there are a variety of common and legitimate uses of proxy servers .
The arguments put forth by these advocates apparently held the day .
In the US legal system , being convicted of a crime is only the first step ; sentencing can determine just how significant the conviction winds up being .
Sentences are typically derived from a combination of mandatory lengths , sentencing guidelines , and the discretion of the judge .
At the federal level , the sentencing guidelines are formulated in part by the US Sentencing Commission , a branch of the judicial system that consults with Congress to set sentencing policy .
Since a sentence is meant to take into account things like the intent and societal risk involved with a crime , the guidelines often provide objective measures by which judges can evaluate these generally subjective issues .
In keeping with that , Congress last year passed a law that indicated that the level of skill and sophistication demonstrated in the perpetration of an online crime should be considered when sentences are handed down .
That left it up to the Commission to decide how to identify things like sophistication , and how any indications of it should change the sentence .
As we noted in our past coverage , offline means of concealing the identity of perpetrators , such as shell corporations , are often considered an indication of this sort of sophistication by existing sentencing guidelines , and the Department of Justice argued that similar standards should apply online .
So , it urged that the measure of sophisticated Internet crime should include " using any technology or software to conceal the identity or geographic location of the perpetrator ordinarily indicates sophisticated means . "
The details appear on page 16 of this Federal Register publication .
Unfortunately , that overly broad language would include the use of proxy servers , which have a variety of legitimate uses .
For academic and business purposes , things like local caches and VPN systems use proxy servers to reduce the total amount of outbound internet traffic and to provide access to resources that are otherwise restricted , respectively .
Although these may require sophisticated technology skills to set up on the network end , from a user 's perspective , they can often be accessed without any intervention whatsoever .
Even a deliberate choice to use a proxy server for privacy reasons when Web browsing is no more complicated than obtaining the name of the server and entering it in the browser 's preferences .
So the proposed guideline appears to have been deeply flawed , as it attempts to punish people for actions they may have been unaware of , and confuses a technology for an intent .
Several people who testified before the Sentencing Commission did their best to point this out .
And , apparently , they were successful .
The Associated Press is reporting that the proposal was rejected by the commission in Wednesday 's vote .
Judges will apparently have to determine the intent of online criminals the old - fashioned way : by examining the totality of their actions .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
For the first time since media coverage was banned in 1991 , the return of the body of a fallen member of the U.S. armed forces was opened to news outlets late Sunday .
A transport plane carries caskets of U.S. servicemen in this photo the Pentagon released in 2005 .
The U.S. Air Force informed media on Sunday that the family of Staff Sgt. Phillip Myers consented to allowing coverage of his casket being returned to Dover Air Force Base in Delaware .
Myers , 30 , of Hopewell , Virginia , was a member of an engineering unit based in Britain .
He died Saturday in a roadside bombing in southern Afghanistan , the U.S. military reported .
In February , President Obama and Defense Secretary Robert Gates overturned a policy that dated back to the first Persian Gulf war .
Do n't Miss Pentagon lifts ban on coverage
They agreed to allow reporters to observe the remains of American troops being returned to the U.S. military mortuary at Dover , as long as families agreed .
The policy was supposed to take effect on Monday , and no reason was given why reporters were allowed to view the proceedings on Sunday .
Watch report on lifting of the ban »
All About Dover Air Force Base • Delaware • Robert Gates • Media
p> New studies in pregnant mice using antibodies against fetal brains made by the mothers of autistic children show that immune cells can cross the placenta and trigger neurobehavioral changes similar to autism in the mouse pups .
A report on the research from investigators at the Johns Hopkins Children 's Center published online in the Journal of Neuroimmunology expands on a 2008 report from the same team showing that mothers of autistic children tested positive for fetal brain antibodies .
Antibodies are proteins the body naturally makes to attack foreign tissues , viruses or bacteria .
Because a growing fetus is not " rejected " by the mother 's immune system even though some of its DNA is " foreign " ( from the father ) , scientists have long suspected that some combination of maternal and fetal biological protection is at work .
The new research from Hopkins , however , suggests that the protective system is not perfect and that antibodies are not only made but are re-circulated back to the fetus through the placenta , possibly triggering inflammation in the brain and leading to a cascade of neurological changes resulting in neurodevelopmental disorders , such as autism .
Despite this new evidence , the researchers warn against over - interpreting the results , saying prenatal exposure to maternal antibodies is likely only one of several factors implicated in autism .
" Autism is a complex disorder and it would be naïve to assume there 's a single mechanism that can cause it , " says Harvey Singer , M.D. , director of pediatric neurology at Hopkins Children's .
" It 's most likely the cumulative result of several factors , including genes , metabolism and environment .
We believe we have identified one of these factors . "
For the new study , Singer and colleagues injected antibodies from mothers of autistic children into pregnant mice and used several standard neurobehavioral tests to identify neurobehavioral changes in the pups .
As control groups , they used offspring of mice injected with antibodies from mothers of nonautistic children and the offspring of mice who received no injections .
" Comparing mice to humans is tricky , and we should be cautious anytime we do so , but our findings strongly suggest that the behaviors we observed in the offspring of mice injected with fetal brain antibodies from human mothers did behave in a manner that mimics some behaviors seen in people with autism , " Singer says .
Following the mice throughout adolescence ( four to six weeks ) and adulthood ( four to six months ) , the Hopkins team measured novelty - seeking ( or willingness to explore unfamiliar open spaces ) , response to loud noise , sociability and anxiety - like behavior .
Overall , mice exposed prenatally to antibodies from mothers of autistic children behaved more anxiously , spent less time in open spaces when placed in an elevated maze , and were overall more hyperactive , fretting back and forth between open and closed spaces in the maze and in an open field environment , both behaviors that in humans would equal abnormal activity .
Again , compared to control mice , the mice exposed to antibodies from mothers of autistic children were also more easily startled by loud noises and were less social , choosing to spend more time visiting an empty cage rather than one with a live mouse in it .
The differences among groups were less pronounced in the adolescent mice , but as the mice aged , researchers observed an increase in autism - like symptoms , a finding consistent with neurodevelopmental disorders in humans , who tend to develop new or more pronounced symptoms over time , investigators point out .
Comparing brain tissues from all groups of mice , researchers observed markedly more activation of microglia -- immune cells in the central nervous system activated during inflammation – in the brain tissues of the group injected prenatally with antibodies from mothers of autistic children .
In further studies , the Hopkins scientists hope to identify which specific brain proteins the antibodies affect and to correlate changes in brain anatomy and function to changes in behavior .
Ultimately , researchers hope to develop ways to detect and analyze culprit antibodies in pregnant women and prevent them from binding to fetal brain proteins .
The causes of autism , a disorder manifesting itself with a range of brain problems , impaired social interactions , communication disorders and repetitive behaviors , remain unknown for an estimated 90 percent of children diagnosed with it .
Genetic , metabolic and environmental factors have been implicated in various studies of autism , which affects an estimated 1 in 150 U.S. children , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
Co-authors : Mikhail Pletnikov , M.D. , Ph.D. , Christina Morris , Colin Gause , Matthew Pollard , all of Hopkins ; and Andrew W. Zimmerman , M.D. , of the Center for Autism and Related Disorders at the Kennedy Krieger Institute .
The study was funded by the Hussman Foundation .
Opinion
An energy winner : Big savings are possible by upgrading efficiency goals
In the world of energy , there ’s one clear winner when it comes to cost , cleanliness and speed : energy efficiency .
Although regulated utilities in Texas , with few exceptions , met or surpassed all energy efficiency goals set by the Legislature in 2007 , this is not the time for Texans to get complacent .
Rather , it ’s time to increase our energy efficiency goals and give utilities more tools to achieve new , more aggressive targets .
In this time of economic uncertainty and out - of - control utility bills , homes and businesses across Texas deserve more action .
Last year , the Public Utility Commission of Texas completed a study of the state ’s energy efficiency potential .
Conducted by the independent firm Itron , it concluded that there ’s room for Texas to reduce its energy use by 18 percent .
We could save even more during times of peak demand .
The study also reported that if the Texas Legislature sets higher goals for energy savings , consumers could save $ 4 billion to $ 12 billion on utility bills over the next 10 years .
The commission ’s study tells us many other things .
If we expand the goal to include industrial customers and customer - side management programs , such as programmable thermostats that allow utilities to cycle air - conditioners for 10 minutes an hour on the hottest days , we could save more .
However , there is a major flaw in the way the Legislature sets our current goal for energy efficiency .
In recent years , growth in electricity demand was high , thus goals based on a percentage of that growth corresponded to a significant amount of savings .
But due to the recession , most utilities wo n’t experience much growth in demand , meaning many of them will not have to achieve any energy efficiency savings .
With utilities having little incentive to encourage customers to reduce energy use , families and businesses across Texas are on their own to fix leaky buildings and replace old appliances .
To fix this , the Legislature should change the way the goal is measured .
By setting the goal based on a percentage of peak demand and overall consumption , it will guarantee that energy efficiency programs are active and adequately funded .
The goal should also get more aggressive .
By 2015 , Texas should meet one percent per year of peak demand and consumption through energy efficiency and two percent by 2020 .
The commission ’s study indicates this is doable if we give utilities more tools to work with .
Currently , utilities can spend up to 10 percent of energy efficiency funding on marketing .
The Legislature should raise that limit and allow them to market efficiency directly to consumers .
They should also offer utilities a fair way to recover lost revenue in addition to including industrial customers and customer - side management programs .
The stimulus package President Obama signed into law includes billions of dollars for green energy programs that are shovel - ready .
Texas is in line to receive a large share of these funds , but only if we have already set up the infrastructure to accept and distribute them .
The benefits of more aggressive energy - efficiency goals go beyond lowering utility bills .
Utility - run programs that help families replace old appliances and insulation help clean the air by reducing the need for power from coal and natural gas plants .
They protect ratepayers from the price volatility of fossil fuels and uranium .
They also put Texans to work in green jobs .
In 2009 , Texas legislators have a clear win in front of them in energy efficiency .
The only question left is whether they know how important the issue is to their constituents .
Call , write or visit your representatives to ask them to take strong action on energy efficiency today .
Smith is director of Public Citizen ’s Texas Office .
Johnson is an energy efficiency researcher at Public Citizen ’s Texas Office .
Today I ’m going to write about how economic theory views trade and how that relates to financial markets ( stocks , bonds , etc . )
The short answer is that things being exchanged on financial markets does n’t really match the model that economists have in mind when they develop theories of trade , and that means some economic conclusions about trade are wrong when applied to financial trading .
Economists have an image in mind when they think about trade .
They imagine that a baker has a bunch of bread , and a butcher has a bunch of ham .
They trade some of the bread for some of the ham and then they can both eat ham sandwiches , and they are both happier than if they each had to eat bread or ham alone .
This model makes a few assumptions :
The goods being traded are valued for their own sake .
They are being acquired to be consumed , not to be traded later for something else .
Everyone involved in the trade knows how much value they place on each of the goods or combination of goods .
Everyone ’s knowledge is true about how valuable the goods are to themselves .
This is a vitally important point !
Different people might value the same goods differently , but the valuation comes from the person desiring the goods for their own sake .
The butcher and baker both know how much more they would rather eat a ham sandwich than bread or ham alone .
They have true knowledge about how much they want the goods .
Each person ’s desire for the goods is fixed a priori .
Those desires will not be changed by anything that happens in the act of trading , and will not change after the trade is done .
If those assumptions are true , then you can conclude that any voluntary trade will create value .
Each party to the trade looks at how much they value what they have before the trade and what they would have after the trade .
If after is more valuable , they agree to the trade .
If everyone agrees to the trade , then everyone must have more value after the trade so the sum of all the values must be higher after than before .
Q.E.D .
Here ’s the rub .
Everyone has true knowledge about how much they will value what they will get after the trade .
Before the trade the baker is thinking , “ I would rather have both bread and ham than what I have now . ” , and after the trade those desires are still true .
Imagine if instead , both parties stick something in a sack .
The other party does n’t know what ’s in the sack they are trading for .
They may have a belief about what might be in the sack , but that belief can be wrong .
They agree to the trade believing that what ’s in the sack is more valuable to them , but it turns out not to be what they thought , and they regret the trade .
Their value goes down .
In this case , the statement “ everyone must have more value after the trade ” no longer holds .
Now let ’s look at financial markets .
What kind of trading goes on there ?
Do people buy things that they value for their own sake in order to consume them ?
Generally not .
Ok , there ’s a little of that .
On the commodities market companies like airlines buy fuel that they plan to burn in their planes , or meat packing companies buy pork bellies , etc .
But even on the commodities market only a small percentage of trading volume is companies buying things that they will eventually take possession of and use , and on the stock and bond markets there ’s essentially none of that .
Most trading on financial markets is people buying something to try to sell it for more money later .
So these financial trades , do they satisfy the other assumptions of the economic model of trading ?
Do people have true knowledge about how much they will value what they are trading for after the trade is done ?
Are these desires for the trade goods fixed and will remain the same after the trade ?
No !
They are trading for this thing hoping the price will go up after the trade .
They do n’t know if it will or not .
They may have a belief about how the price will change after the trade , but that belief can be wrong .
Financial trades are like trading for the mystery sack .
So a lot of conservatives advocate deregulating financial markets , and the argument they use to support that is “ Any voluntary trade automatically creates value . ”
But that argument is false for financial trades !
Now , I ’m not saying that financial markets have no use at all .
What I ’m saying is that the theory currently being used to intellectually defend our modern financial market system is broken , and some of what our modern financial markets are doing is hurting , not helping , the real productive sector of the economy .
I ’m pretty sure that zero - sum millisecond computer trading is n’t creating any value , and it ’s bad for market stability .
We need to develop an intellectually sound theory of how financial markets actually work , and then use that to determine what kind of markets would be most economically beneficial .
" Awesome capture !
And great composition !.........
What is it ? "
- PitterBeatsFlickr
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Also , thanks again to the great users at Wykop who seem to share our sense of humor .
Comber Commercial Centre was founded in 1977 by Mr Raymond Stanex Snr and recently in June 2017 celebrated 40 years trading in commercial vehicle sales and rentals within Ireland and further afield to the UK mainland and mainland Europe .
Raymond Snr sadly passed away in October 2017 .
However , in honour of the legacy that he created , his two sons Raymond Jnr and Robin now manage the family business .
Comber Commercial Centre has grown from humble beginnings to be recognised as the market leaders in supplying high quality products and service to the commercial vehicle industry from both a sales and rental perspective .
All at CCC consider it their aim to continue the legacy created by Raymond Snr with attention to detail being high on the agenda regarding all sales and services .
Recently , a car sales division was added to the business and is managed by Robin Stanex .
Having worked alongside their father for 30 and 26 years respectively , Raymond and Robin are hugely experienced and respected within the industry and are proud to be part of a continually growing business which still constantly maintains a high level of service with that all important personal touch .
From Second Life Wiki
Writing
Unicode is a standard for digital processing of written characters and text .
By enabling the exchange of text data internationally , it is a foundation for global software .
Characters
Unicode encodes characters , the smallest components of written language that have semantic value .
It assigns each one a unique code point , or number .
Code points are expressed as U+n where n is the number in hexadecimal .
Variations
Unicode does not encode font or stylistic differences .
For example , most forms of the lower case ' a ' are the same code point , U+0061 .
However , for compatibility with other systems , variants are sometimes given independent code points .
Allocation
The full Unicode codespace supports over a million code points , of which about 100k are currently assigned .
The vast majority of characters used in modern languages are allocated within the first 65,536 code points , called the Basic Multilingual Plane .
Notably , the first 128 code points are the same as ASCII .
Encoding
For Unicode text to be transmitted or stored , it must be encoded into a sequence of bytes .
UTF - 8 and UTF - 16 are common encodings that can handle the entire range of characters .
Both are variable length encodings where some characters take more bytes than others .
ASCII , LATIN1 and SJIS are common encodings that are outside of Unicode .
They can not encode all characters .
ASCII has the interesting property that all ASCII sequences are valid UTF - 8 sequences and encode the same characters .
Normalization
For a large variety of reasons , some texts can be represented in Unicode with more than one character sequence .
Depending on the intended processing , text may need to be normalized into a particular style of sequence .
For example , people expect the word " file " to sort and compare the same no matter if the first two letters are represented as two characters , or as a ligature .
Unicode defines normal forms to convert text into a regularized form for text processing .
Fun
The Unicode Standard is a fascinating document with many interesting write - ups about various writing systems , and pictures of fantastic characters .
These are a few of my favorites .
Peace in every language can be found at http://www.columbia.edu/~fdc/pace/
More fun characters can be found at : http://www.inference.phy.cam.ac.uk/cjb/codepoints.html
The Unicode web site has the freely available full standard , and wonderful code charts .
Chapters 7 through 14 of the standard have interesting background information on each writing system supported .
You can explore Unicode on your own computer : Linux : Try the application Gucharmap .
In Ubuntu : Applications menu > Accessories > Character Map Mac OS X : In almost any application that has text , at the bottom of the Edit menu , choose Special Characters ...
Windows XP , Vista or 7 : Run Character Map : Start menu >
All Programs > Accessories > System Tools > Character Map
Thanks to Poppy Linden for introducing me to Spidery Ha
- Zero Linden - Edited by Elite Runner
The Vatican has denounced criticism of the Pope 's remarks against the use of condoms , saying the Pontiff will not be intimidated into silence .
A Vatican spokesman says Pope Pope Benedict XVI will continue to sustain the positions of the Catholic Church with strength and courage .
Last month on a visit to Africa , the Pope said that condoms are not the answer to AIDS , and could even make the problem worse .
AIDS " is a tragedy that cannot be overcome by money alone , that cannot be overcome through the distribution of condoms , which even aggravates the problems , " the pontiff said .
The solution lies in a " spiritual and human awakening " and " friendship for those who suffer , " he said .
Southern Africa bears a disproportionate share of the global HIV burden , with 35 per cent of the world 's new infections and 38 per cent of AIDS deaths in 2007 .
Several countries , including France and Germany , have called the remarks irresponsible and dangerous .
Belgian parliament yesterday passed a resolution calling the comments unacceptable and demanded that the government officially protest .
The following is a quote from Important Information About Swine Flu an NHS pandemic flu leaflet which should be coming through your door one day soon .
DO I NEED A FACE MASK ?
You may have seen face masks being given out to the public in other countries on the news .
However , the available scientific evidence shows that these basic face masks do n’t protect people from becoming infected .
The best way to protect yourself and stop the spread of flu viruses is by using and disposing of tissues and washing your hands , as explained on the previous page .
Remember to CATCH IT , BIN IT , KILL IT .
However , some relatively new research published in the CDC Journal of Emerging Infectious Diseases appears to contradict the NHS statement about protection from masks .
In a world - first clinical trial of the efficacy of masks , researchers found adult mask wearers in the home were four times more likely than non-wearers to be protected against respiratory viruses , including the common cold .
The findings – published recently in Emerging Infectious Diseases , the journal of the US Centres for Disease Control and Prevention – have global implications and are particularly relevant to efforts to combat the spread of flu pandemics and other emerging respiratory diseases such as SARS .
…
The study is the first randomised controlled clinical trial of masks to be conducted internationally .
Researchers at UNSW , Sydney ’s Westmead Hospital , Imperial College ( London ) and the National Centre for Immunisation Research studied more than 280 adults in 143 families in Sydney during the winter seasons of 2006 and 2007 .
The full paper about flu mask effectiveness is available here .
There is a less technical article about the flu mask effectiveness study here .
There is even a video from one of the researchers involved , Professor Raina MacIntyre .
There is even technical evidence ( measured from mask performance in a lab , rather than in actual use around infections ) that masks you can make at home provide some degree of protection .
Please make an assessment of the situation and pass this on if you think it is important .
Flu Code is a public health initiative which recommends the use of masks and other non-pharmacutical responses to pandemic flu .
Please check it out .
I recently offered up an open letter to America ’s progressive billionaires where I noted how much better conservatives have been historically at making best use of their intellectuals and at assuring that those laying the foundation for political action were taken care of .
That is , the Daniel Bells of the world did n’t have to slave at two jobs to scrape together half a salary , and as a result they were able to do important work that paid off – and handsomely – for their patrons .
In truth , the problem runs deeper than just “ our side ’s ” billionaires , or so it appears .
It started the other day when some prominent Left Blogistanis decided they were n’t going to keep their mouths shut anymore .
The first shot was fired in a Greg Sargent piece at Who Runs Gov :
Some of the leading liberal bloggers are privately furious with the major progressive groups — and in some cases , the Democratic Party committees — for failing to spend money advertising on their sites , even as these groups constantly ask the bloggers for free assistance in driving their message .
It ’s a development that ’s creating tensions on the left and raises questions about the future role of the blogosphere at a time when a Dem is in the White House and liberalism could be headed for a period of sustained ascendancy … .
“ They come to us , expecting us to give them free publicity , and we do , but it ’s not a two way street , ” Jane Hamsher , the founder of FiredogLake , said in an interview .
“ They wo n’t do anything in return .
They ’re not advertising with us .
They ’re not offering fellowships .
They ’re not doing anything to help financially , and people are growing increasingly resentful . ”
Hamsher singled out Americans United for Change , which raises and spends big money on TV ad campaigns driving Obama ’s agenda , as well as the constellation of groups associated with it , and the American Association of Retired Persons , also a big TV advertiser .
“ Most want the easy way — having a big blogger promote their agenda , ” adds Markos Moulitsas , the founder of DailyKos .
“ Then they turn around and spend $ 50 K for a one - page ad in the New York Times or whatever . ”
Moulitsas adds that officials at such groups often do nothing to engage the sites ’s audiences by , say , writing posts , instead wanting the bloggers to do everything for them .
John Aravosis was quick to chime in :
At some point , Democrats – progressives – need to start investing in the future .
And by “ the future , ” I do n’t mean large organizations that have been around for years but have n’t accomplished anything in the past two decades .
I mean investing in progressives who can kick ass , and have a proven ability to do so .
There is the perception on the right that all of the top liberal blogs are funded by George Soros .
I wish .
We , for example , are funded by advertising and by your individual donations .
Both are dropping in a terrible economy .
No one subsidizes my blog .
I wish they did .
But they do n’t .
For our blog to survive – for the liberal blogosphere to survive – we need support .
Unlike many of the top bloggers on the right , many of the top liberal bloggers blog for a living ( many of the folks on the right have “ real ” jobs , a lot of them work as lawyers , and blog on the side ) .
This is our job .
It ’s our career .
It ’s our passion , to be sure .
But it ’s also how we pay the mortgage , invest in our retirement , and put food on the table .
It makes no sense that Democrats have not found a way to invest in the blogosphere , and help us not just survive , but grow and become even more powerful .
It ’s almost as if we do n’t want to win .
These comments touched off some lively conversations – much of it behind the scenes – and I do n’t think I ’d be out of line to suggest that while there are nuances aplenty , the consensus is that yes , it sure would be nice if our brightest and best did n’t have to fight the war for America ’s future in their spare time , what little of it there is .
The problem here is n’t quite the same as with my hypothetical legion of prog billionaires , though .
To put it simply , I ’m not sure the large organizations being railed at by Hamsher , Moulitsas , Aravosis and others see much practical value in advertising to the choir .
If these groups were to take those bloggers and their readers for granted – where , after all , are they going to go ?
– it might be hard to argue with them .
Maybe .
Sure , those bloggers might not campaign for the individual causes in question , but their work on behalf of others who shared the same general mission would lift all the boats together , right ?
Whether this is accurate or not , it ’s certainly a plausible hypothesis .
Would they go so far as to say that the enduring victories we ’re after require us to win the hearts and minds of those not already firmly on our side ?
This is ShoutWorld , after all .
If we were persuaded that supporting the faithful would pay off through their redoubled energy – a very solid proposition – that would change the equation .
Still , we might find ourselves wondering about diminishing returns or the incremental value of spending on new markets instead of further saturating established ones .
Regardless , the behavior of those with money suggests that not all of them are worried about their intellectuals or their footsoldiers .
And those being taken for granted are in a tough spot .
You can make your point by withholding your time and effort next time around , but think about the price .
Eight more years of whatever neo-Bushevik wins the 2012 GOP nomination is n’t just cutting off your nose to spite your face .
No , folks , that ’s more like taking an assault rifle to your nards .
Hat tip to HealthyChoicesBC.com
Each day , I hear more disturbing news about Monsanto , the maker of Round - Up and the agricultural company that has been polluting the world with various poisons for decades with products such as Agent Orange and industrial coolants known as PCB's .
Monsano 's advertising campaigns have convinced many people that Round - Up is safe , but the facts just do n't support this .
The Women 's Cancer Resource Center ( WCRC ) and CHOSE ( Coalition for a Healthy Oakland School Environment ) , showed that chemicals such as Round - Up ( glyphosate ) can result in reproductive damage as well as damage to the kidney and liver , and some studies show a link between the chemical and cancer .
( Chemical Injury Network , June 2001 ) According to the National Audubon Society , of the roughly 672 million birds exposed to chemicals such as Round - Up in the United States each year , 10 percent - or 67 million - are killed .
While much of the controversy over Monsanto has centered on its products and technology , there have also always been concerns about the company 's high level connections to the United States Government due to Monsanto 's monetary contributions to important officials and the fact that for decades there has been a revolving door filled with people who worked within the USDA and the FDA , as well as for Monsanto .
For example , Don Rumsfeld , our previous Secretary of Defense , was president of Searle Pharmaceuticals , later owned by Monsanto .
William Ruckelshaus , a former chief administrator of the United States Environmental Protection Agency ( USEPA ) spent over 12 years as a member of the board of directors of Monsanto Corporation .
He served under Richard Nixon , Ronald Reagan , and George W. Bush .
And the list goes on and on and includes Supreme Court Judge Clarence Thomas who was a Monsanto lawyer .
President Obama announced on March 14th the creation of a White House Food Safety Working Group to improve and coordinate the governments approach to the nationwide food safety crisis .
Unfortunately , included in President Obama 's short - list of working group members is Michael Taylor , a former Monsanto executive who has a long history of lobbying for Monsanto and fast tracking Monsanto 's controversial rBGH while at the Food and Drug Administration .
And , Tom Vilsack is our new Secretary of Agriculture .
Vilsack was named the Biotech " Governor of the Year " and enjoyed numerous rides on Monsanto 's corporate jet during his time in office and he became a schill for agribusiness biotech giants like Monsanto .
Currently , Monsanto is behind a Federal Government bill to stop all organic farming .
Introduced by Rosa DeLauro , HR 875 is ultimately about one thing : defining ONLY Monsanto's GMO ( Genetically Modified Organisms ) products as " safe . "
The chairman of the committee that is hearing HR875 is Rep. Henry Waxman from California .
He was one of several who allegedly accepted money from Searle to keep aspartame on the market .
Searle later sold the patents and manufacturing rights for aspartame , the dangerous artificial sweetener , to Monsanto .
Monsanto's political power is obvious .
In 1999 , some of the nation 's most prominent antitrust lawyers filed a class - action lawsuit against the Monsanto Company , accusing it of rushing genetically engineered seeds to the marketplace without properly testing them for safety and of forming an international cartel that conspired to control the world 's market in corn and soybean seeds .
Ten years later , I just read that South African farmers suffered millions of dollars in lost income when 82,000 hectares of Monsanto 's genetically - manipulated corn ( maize ) failed to produce hardly any kernels .
The plants look lush and healthy from the outside , but there are no kernels on the cob .
And , I also just read that Monsanto is now suing the German Government to force them to grow Monsanto 's GM corn .
My own family was nearly devastated due to Monsanto 's ability and determination to manipulate the United States Government .
Luckily , I realized what Monsanto was doing to us with their artificial sweetener , aspartame marketed under names such as NutraSweet , Equal , Equal Measure , Spoonful , Naturataste , Canderal , Benevia , E951 , Nutrataste , Joe Sweet , Indulge , Hermesetas Gold ( both ace - k and aspartame ) , Sanecta , and Tri-Sweet .
( Crystal - Lite is a beverage mix that contains aspartame . )
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
11 10 8
Rate
It | View Ratings
Barbara Metzler Social Media Pages :
A person dedicated to helping others ~ human and non-human .
I 'm a teacher and , for 10 years , I was an EMT with the Mendham Township First Aid Squad , a volunteer organization providing 24 hour , 365 days a year coverage to township residents ( more ...
The views expressed herein are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of this website or its editors .
OpEdNews depends upon can't survive without your help .
If you value this article and the work of OpEdNews , please either Donate or Purchase a premium membership .
STEPHANIE NEBEHAY
Reuters
April 24 , 2009
GENEVA — The World Health Organization ( WHO ) voiced concern today at a confirmed outbreak of swine flu in the United States and what it called more than 800 human “ influenza - like ” cases in Mexico , including about 60 deaths .
[ efoods ]
The United Nations agency said it had activated its Strategic Health Operations Centre ( SHOC ) , its command and control centre for acute public health events , but could not say whether it was considering issuing a travel advisory .
U.S. public health officials said on Thursday that seven people had been diagnosed with a new kind of swine flu in California and Texas , while Mexican authorities were due to announce test results later today , WHO spokesman Gregory Hartl said in Geneva .
“ We are in daily contact with U.S. , Canadian and Mexican authorities , ” Mr. Hartl added .
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said the virus was a never - before - seen mixture of viruses typical among pigs , birds and humans .
All seven American patients have recovered .
Read entire article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
ADVERTISEMENT
Treasury Department admits pushing for bonus loophole John Byrne
Published : Thursday March 19 , 2009
Print This Email This UPDATE ( at bottom ) : TARP inspector says Bush admin . ' specifically contemplated ' the AIG bonuses
Update from CNN -- 459 PM ET : ( CNN ) --" Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner told CNN Thursday his department asked Sen. Chris Dodd to include a loophole in the stimulus bill that allowed bailed - out insurance giant American International Group to keep its bonuses .
" In an interview with CNN 's Ali Velshi , Geithner said the Treasury Department was particularly concerned the government would face lawsuits if bonus contracts were breached .
" Dodd admitted to CNN Thursday he'd added the controversial provision after a Treasury official pushed for it .
Earlier in the week , Dodd had said he had not played any role in the addition of the loophole .
" Geithner told Velshi Thursday he takes full responsibility for the situation . "
Our earlier story follows .
The Obama Administration 's Treasury Department pushed to strip language that would have restricted the bonuses paid to staffers of bailed - out companies from the stimulus bill , a Democratic senator revealed late Wednesday .
Senate Banking Committee Chairman Chris Dodd ( D - CT ) disclosed that he was responsible for inserting a clause into the stimulus bill that allowed bailed - out firms to continue forward with eye - popping bonuses to executives that may have shared responsibility for some of the companies ' woes in the first place .
In a step further , though , he told CNN that the language was sought by the Obama Administration 's Treasury Department , which feared that the government would face lawsuits by including the provision .
A senior Treasury Department official purportedly confirmed Dodd 's assessment .
It remains unclear whether the Treasury Department knew the insurance behemoth AIG planned to pay some $ 165 million in bonuses to employees at the time .
The Connecticut Democrat appears to have gotten caught on the spot by the cable news network .
On Tuesday , he told the network that he had nothing to do with the bonus language -- which now seems to have been a lie .
On Wednesday , a Treasury Department official confessed to CNN that the administration had pushed to have the bonus measure nixed , forcing Dodd 's hand .
Dodd , when approached again , said the decision not to include language regarding bonuses " seemed like innocent modifications " at the time .
" I agreed reluctantly , " Dodd said .
" I was changing the amendment because others were insistent . "
" The administration had expressed reservations , " he added .
" They asked for modifications .
The alternative was losing the amendment entirely . "
He further added that the change was made at the urging of Treasury Department staffers , and that he had n't been contacted by senior Administration aides .
His account adjoins a report Thursday in the Washington Post , which alleges that neither the White House nor the Treasury Department were told of AIG 's bonuses until just before they were publicly announced , though the Federal Reserve had known for months .
The bonuses were doled out to the AIG division at the heart of the company 's near collapse and whose intricate dealings with banks worldwide helped trigger the global financial crisis .
Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner told the Post that he had not been aware of the size of the bonuses and the timing of the payments .
" I was stunned when I learned how bad this was on Tuesday [ March 10 ] , " Geithner told the Post .
" I should n't have been in that position , but it 's my responsibility and I accept that . "
Geithner met with his staff and considered options , but concluded that the government could not change contracts for work that had already been done .
Update : TARP inspector finds Bush administration ' specifically contemplated ' AIG bonuses
According to Bloomberg , " President George W. Bushs administration ' specifically contemplated ' paying bonuses to American International Group Inc. employees in its November agreement to provide federal bailout funds to the insurance giant , the inspector general for the Troubled Asset Relief Program said today . "
" The TARP contract between AIG and Treasury ' specifically contemplated the payment of bonuses and retention payments to AIG employees , including AIGs senior partners , ' " the inspector said in the financial news network 's article .
The US government owns 80 percent of AIG .
This video is from CNN's American Morning , broadcast Mar. 19 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Stephen C. Webster contributed to this report .
This article has been modified from its original version .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Here is a movie list that is not for the faint of heart or stomach .
Viewing these movies will actually change you , and not for the better .
What they do offer is a unique look into the human mind , not just of the movie 's subjects but also the film directors and writers as well .
Some of these movies might make you ashamed to be human .
10 . Clockwork Orange
Stanley Kubrick 's academy award nominated film really ventures into the human mind and mankind 's violent side .
In the not so distant future , acts of ultra violence are committed without motivation and without mercy by Alex and his Droogs .
What makes this film disturbing is how real the film feels and how cool the characters are when performing these acts of violent behavior .
9. Hard Candy
Hunted becomes hunter in this film depicting a child predator preying on a helpless minor .
Thing is , she is not so helpless and has a plan of her own to make the man regret his actions .
What makes this movie hard to watch , is the dialogue between the 2 main characters , it will make you recoil and give you the heeby geebies after every line .
It is really well acted .
8. Ichi The Killer
From the legendary gore director Takashi Miike , comes a tale of Yakuza , stolen money and buckets of blood .
Some of the scenes range from separation of tongues and nipples to hanging rival gang members from the ceiling with hooks and pouring hot tempura grease on him .
And that 's only scratching the surface of disturbing scenes .
Ya this movie is as strange as it sounds and despite of all this comes out with comical aspect to it with some dark humor .
The only reason it is n't higher up on my list is the gore is over the top and hard to take seriously at some points .
7. The Hills Have Eyes
This one is a little more main stream but was never the less disturbing .
The one scene in particular was definitely hard to watch as the mutants invaded the family 's trailer and raped the younger sister while the other was held at gun point .
I have never wanted a villain of a movie to die as much as these sick deformed baddies .
Luckily for me they take a few axes to the head .
Damn Muties !
6. Audition
Another one from Takashi Miike makes the cut ( pun intended ) .
The synopsis of this movie could likely be mistaken for a romantic comedy at first glance .
Man sets up fake audition to meet new wife , and hilarity ensues .
Unfortunately not , but what you do get is some edge of your seat suspense and of course , cutting off of feet with piano wire .
The man eating vomit after emerging from the burlap sac was definitely strange to watch .
Out of all the movie on this list , this one defiantly has the best use of suspense and not just shock value .
5. Oldboy
Ok the set up goes like this , Oh Dae - Su is locked in a room for 15 years , gets out and exacts revenge .
In one scene a hammer gets introduced to a man 's teeth over and over again .
In another , he enters a small hallway and 25 men stand between our hero and his destination .
Insert intense karate scene here .
This film has received high praise from director Quentin Tarantino , who surprisingly does not have a movie on this list .
4. I Spit on Your Grave
Arguably one of the most intense , long and unpleasant scenes to watch , involving the heroine and her rape .
But worry not , she gets to exact her revenge on her attackers in very gruesome ways .
One such way that involves the removal of an attackers little buddy .
Made back in the 70's when Grindhouse flicks were at their peak .
3. Cannibal Holocaust
This film has been banned in numerous countries including its country of origin , Italy .
The movie depicts numerous scenes of rape torture , cannibalism and one very real and very disturbing scene where a turtle is slaughtered for chow , urging many animal cruelty agencies to protest the movie , with good reason .
The film is shot in a Blair witch style with main film being shot like a documentary where a group of researchers venture into the South American jungle and stumble upon some very dreadful natives .
It looked so real , the film 's director had to appear in court and get the actors to appear as well to show the judge that they were still alive .
Do n't be fooled this ain't no zombie flick .
2. Men Behind The Sun
T.F. Mous ' Men Behind
The Sun recounts some of the experiments that were carried out by the Japanese to further their own research .
Some of the worst scenes entail a woman being tied up outside in the freezing cold and then her hands put in boiling water .
Another shows the effects of a pressure chamber on the human body , not a pretty picture to say the least .
What makes it even worse , is that these were actual experiments that were carried out during World War 2 , making the movie all too real .
Cat + starving rats = not so good looking cat .
1. Salo
This film tops the list of most disturbing movies .
I guarantee it leaves you changed upon viewing .
The movie begins with a group of very rich and influential Italian fascists kidnapping a group of lower class citizens during World War 2 .
They then proceed to force them to perform some really diabolical actions , including scalping , eating feces and in the end dismembering each other .
And that 's only scratching the surface of what this movie does .
The worst thing for me was the realization after watching this movie was that it could have happened and also could be happening right now in a 3rd world country .
Money can buy you anything even if you are a truly sadistic psychopath .
EDIT !!!
During my haste to write this article , I seemingly forgot 2 movies that disturbed , bothered and intrigued me .
I apologize for failing to remember these movies and hope this will correct that truly horrible mistake that was made .
Irreversible
The first movie is Irreversible .
I was reminded of this movie by the numerous forum posts and comments made by readers ( just like you ) .
For those of you that have not seen this movie , it starts from the end and moves backwards , ala Memento styles .
After you see a man 's face get crushed by fire extinguisher , you will not be the same , and that is not the nastiest part of this movie .
The worst comes as a rape scene that is portrayed using a single , unbroken shot , lasting nine minutes , for obvious reasons it very difficult to watch .
Several reviewers declared it one of the most disturbing and controversial films .
Blue Velvet
The other film I missed is Blue Velvet .
Directed by David Lynch , who also directed EraserHead , this movie takes us to a small town of Lumberton , North Carolina .
There we meet Frank Booth , one the most vile and well acted villains in movie history .
Acted by Dennis hopper , he inflicts his bizarre sexual proclivities which include but are not limited to inhalant , dry humping , and sadomasochism on a girl he blackmails into his , lack for a better word , slave .
The film centers on voyeurism , violent sexual acts and murder .
Everything in this movie symbolizes something and will leave you thinking long after it 's over .
This film relaunched Dennis Hopper 's acting career .
Obviously every person is going to have different tastes in movies and what they consider to be the most disturbing , this is my personal list .
I would highly recommend using a movie recommender such as ApeFlix if you want to find other movies that are in the disturbing niche .
La Justicia dejó firme un fallo que despenalizó el cultivo de marihuana en domicilios para consumo personal y avaló la inconstitucionalidad de la represión con cárcel para aquel que siembre plantas para producir estupefacientes en el ámbito privado .
La decisión fue tomada por la sala I del tribunal de apelaciones , que ya había fallado al respecto en primera instancia y que ahora reafirmó su propia resolución al rechazar un recurso fiscal que intentaba llevar el tema a la Cámara de Casación penal , máximo tribunal del país en la materia , según la resolución a la que accedió Télam .
Los camaristas Eduardo Feiller y Eduardo Farah evitaron con su decisión que el fallo que dictaron en febrero pasado sea revisado por sus superiores al rechazar un recurso de la fiscalía , a la que ahora sólo le queda ir en queja a Casación .
En el fallo de febrero pasado , Freiler y Farah sobreseyeron a dos personas que tenían cuatro macetas con plantas de marihuana en su domicilio particular por un total de 75,12 gramos y que habían sido detenidas en un procedimiento donde además se encontraron una bolsa de tierra fértil , una lámpara de calor alógena y un rociador .
En esa resolución , los camaristas remarcaron que " la cantidad y las circunstancias que rodearon el hecho permiten afirmar que el cultivo o siembra de la marihuana encontrada era para consumo personal " .
Además declararon la inconstitucionalidad del artículo quinto de la ley de Drogas que pena con cuatro a cinco años de prisión a quien " siembre o cultive plantas o guarde semillas utilizables para producir estupefacientes , o materias primas , o elementos destinados a su producción o fabricación " .
La fiscalía entendió que el fallo de la Cámara era de " nulidad manifiesta " por estar carente de " fundamentos que permitan sostener la decisión adoptada " ya que se dictó " la inconstitucionalidad de una norma bajo la sencilla modalidad de remitirse a otros pronunciamientos , sin indicar cómo la conducta investigada entra en la esfera de intimidad careciendo de trascendencia al público " .
Most common passwords list from 3 databases Posted on Saturday , February 28 2009
There has been three instances that I know of where a significant number of hacked account passwords have been publicly released .
I have obtained the lists and made a thorough analysis of each of them , including the most common passwords and character frequencies .
In total , there were 116782 passwords .
Singles.org Most Common Passwords
Rank % Repetitions Pass 1 1.02 417 123456 2 0.61 250 jesus 3 0.41 168 password 4 0.29 118 love 5 0.2 83 12345678 6 0.2 83 christ 7 0.17 68 jesus1 8 0.16 65 princess 9 0.16 64 blessed 10 0.15 63 sunshine 11 0.13 52 faith 12 0.13 51 1234567 13 0.12 50 angel 14 0.11 44 single 15 0.11 44 lovely 16 0.11 43 freedom 17 0.1 40 blessing 18 0.1 39 12345 19 0.1 39 grace 20 0.1 39 iloveyou 21 0.09 37 7777777 22 0.09 37 heaven 23 0.09 37 angels 24 0.09 37 shadow 25 0.09 35 1234 26 0.08 33 tigger 27 0.08 32 summer 28 0.08 31 hope 29 0.07 30 looking 30 0.07 29 peace 31 0.07 29 mother 32 0.07 29 michael 33 0.07 29 shalom 34 0.07 28 rotimi 35 0.07 28 football 36 0.07 27 victory 37 0.07 27 happy 38 0.07 27 purple 39 0.07 27 john316 40 0.07 27 joshua 41 0.06 26 london 42 0.06 26 superman 43 0.06 26 church 44 0.06 26 loving 45 0.06 25 computer 46 0.06 25 mylove 47 0.06 25 praise 48 0.06 25 saved 49 0.06 24 richard 50 0.06 24 pastor
phpBB Most Common Passwords
Rank % Repetitions Pass 1 3.03 868 123456 2 2.19 628 password 3 1.45 414 phpbb 4 0.94 269 qwerty 5 0.82 236 12345 6 0.6 171 letmein 7 0.59 168 12345678 8 0.53 151 1234 9 0.51 145 test 10 0.43 124 123 11 0.38 108 trustno1 12 0.33 95 dragon 13 0.32 91 hello 14 0.31 90 abc123 15 0.31 88 111111 16 0.31 88 123456789 17 0.3 87 monkey 18 0.29 83 master 19 0.23 65 killer 20 0.22 63 123123 21 0.22 63 computer 22 0.22 62 asdf 23 0.2 58 shadow 24 0.2 58 internet 25 0.2 58 whatever 26 0.2 56 starwars 27 0.17 50 1234567 28 0.16 47 cheese 29 0.16 46 pass 30 0.16 45 matrix 31 0.16 45 tigger 32 0.15 44 aaaaaa 33 0.15 44 pokemon 34 0.15 44 000000 35 0.15 43 superman 36 0.15 43 qazwsx 37 0.14 40 testing 38 0.14 40 football 39 0.14 39 1 40 0.13 38 blahblah 41 0.13 36 654321 42 0.13 36 fuckyou 43 0.13 36 11111 44 0.13 36 joshua 45 0.12 35 helpme 46 0.12 35 thomas 47 0.12 35 michael 48 0.12 35 biteme 49 0.12 35 forum 50 0.12 34 secret
Myspace Most Common Passwords
Rank % Repetitions Pass 1 0.24 112 password1 2 0.16 77 abc123 3 0.12 58 password 4 0.09 45 iloveyou1 5 0.09 41 iloveyou2 6 0.09 41 fuckyou1 7 0.08 38 myspace1 8 0.08 36 soccer1 9 0.07 32 iloveyou 10 0.06 29 iloveyou !
11 0.05 26 football1 12 0.05 25 fuckyou 13 0.05 23 123456 14 0.05 22 baseball1 15 0.05 22 soccer 16 0.05 22 123abc 17 0.04 20 hello1 18 0.04 20 qwerty1 19 0.04 20 summer1 20 0.04 20 monkey1 21 0.04 19 password2 22 0.04 19 nigger1 23 0.04 19 fuckyou !
24 0.04 18 nicole1 25 0.04 18 cheer1 26 0.04 18 asshole1 27 0.04 18 fuckyou2 28 0.04 17 blink182 29 0.04 17 poop 30 0.04 17 dancer1 31 0.04 17 jordan23 32 0.03 15 football 33 0.03 14 bitch1 34 0.03 14 orange1 35 0.03 14 soccer2 36 0.03 14 123456a 37 0.03 14 baseball 38 0.03 14 eagles1 39 0.03 13 volcom1 40 0.03 13 chris1 41 0.03 13 monkey 42 0.03 13 flower1 43 0.03 13 summer06 44 0.03 12 ashley 1 45 0.03 12 love123 46 0.03 12 princess1 47 0.03 12 love 48 0.03 12 nigga1 49 0.03 12 fucker1 50 0.03 12 angel1
All 3 combined 250 most common passwords
Rank % Repetitions Pass 1 1.12 1308 123456 2 0.73 854 password 3 0.35 414 phpbb 4 0.25 294 qwerty 5 0.24 281 12345 6 0.23 265 jesus 7 0.22 253 12345678 8 0.17 195 1234 9 0.16 187 abc123 10 0.16 185 letmein 11 0.13 147 test 12 0.12 143 love 13 0.11 133 123 14 0.11 124 password1 15 0.1 121 hello 16 0.1 118 monkey 17 0.1 115 dragon 18 0.1 112 trustno1 19 0.09 107 111111 20 0.09 105 iloveyou 21 0.09 102 1234567 22 0.08 98 shadow 23 0.08 95 123456789 24 0.08 95 christ 25 0.08 93 sunshine 26 0.08 92 master 27 0.08 90 computer 28 0.08 88 princess 29 0.07 84 tigger 30 0.07 83 football 31 0.07 79 angel 32 0.07 76 jesus1 33 0.07 76 123123 34 0.07 76 whatever 35 0.06 74 freedom 36 0.06 73 killer 37 0.06 71 asdf 38 0.06 71 soccer 39 0.06 71 superman 40 0.06 71 michael 41 0.06 66 cheese 42 0.06 65 internet 43 0.06 65 joshua 44 0.05 64 fuckyou 45 0.05 64 blessed 46 0.05 63 baseball 47 0.05 59 starwars 48 0.05 59 000000 49 0.05 58 purple 50 0.05 58 jordan 51 0.05 58 faith 52 0.05 57 summer 53 0.05 57 ashley 54 0.05 56 buster 55 0.05 55 heaven 56 0.05 53 pepper 57 0.04 52 7777777 58 0.04 52 hunter 59 0.04 51 lovely 60 0.04 51 andrew 61 0.04 51 thomas 62 0.04 51 angels 63 0.04 50 charlie 64 0.04 50 daniel 65 0.04 49 1111 66 0.04 49 jennifer 67 0.04 49 single 68 0.04 49 hannah 69 0.04 48 qazwsx 70 0.04 48 happy 71 0.04 48 matrix 72 0.04 48 pass 73 0.04 48 aaaaaa 74 0.04 47 654321 75 0.04 47 amanda 76 0.04 47 nothing 77 0.04 46 ginger 78 0.04 46 mother 79 0.04 46 snoopy 80 0.04 46 jessica 81 0.04 46 welcome 82 0.04 45 pokemon 83 0.04 45 iloveyou1 84 0.04 45 11111 85 0.04 45 mustang 86 0.04 45 helpme 87 0.04 44 justin 88 0.04 44 jasmine 89 0.04 44 orange 90 0.04 44 testing 91 0.04 43 apple 92 0.04 43 michelle 93 0.04 42 peace 94 0.04 42 secret 95 0.04 42 1 96 0.04 42 grace 97 0.04 42 william 98 0.04 41 iloveyou2 99 0.04 41 nicole 100 0.04 41 666666 101 0.04 41 muffin 102 0.04 41 gateway 103 0.04 41 fuckyou1 104 0.03 40 asshole 105 0.03 40 hahaha 106 0.03 40 poop 107 0.03 40 blessing 10 8 0.03 40 blahblah 109 0.03 39 myspace1 110 0.03 39 matthew 111 0.03 39 canada 112 0.03 39 silver 113 0.03 39 robert 114 0.03 39 forever 115 0.03 38 asdfgh 116 0.03 38 rachel 117 0.03 38 rainbow 118 0.03 38 guitar 119 0.03 37 peanut 120 0.03 37 batman 121 0.03 37 cookie 122 0.03 37 bailey 123 0.03 37 soccer1 124 0.03 37 mickey 125 0.03 37 biteme 126 0.03 36 hello1 127 0.03 36 eminem 128 0.03 36 dakota 129 0.03 36 samantha 130 0.03 36 compaq 131 0.03 35 diamond 132 0.03 35 taylor 133 0.03 35 forum 134 0.03 35 john316 135 0.03 34 richard 136 0.03 34 blink182 137 0.03 34 peaches 138 0.03 34 cool 139 0.03 34 flower 140 0.03 34 scooter 141 0.03 33 banana 142 0.03 33 james 143 0.03 33 asdfasdf 144 0.03 33 victory 145 0.03 33 london 146 0.03 33 123qwe 147 0.03 33 123321 148 0.03 32 startrek 149 0.03 32 george 150 0.03 32 winner 151 0.03 32 maggie 152 0.03 32 trinity 153 0.03 32 online 154 0.03 32 123abc 155 0.03 32 chicken 156 0.03 32 junior 157 0.03 32 chris 158 0.03 31 passw0rd 159 0.03 31 austin 160 0.03 31 sparky 161 0.03 31 admin 162 0.03 31 merlin 163 0.03 31 google 164 0.03 31 friends 165 0.03 31 hope 166 0.03 31 shalom 167 0.03 30 nintendo 168 0.03 30 looking 169 0.03 30 harley 170 0.03 30 smokey 171 0.03 30 7777 172 0.03 30 joseph 173 0.03 30 lucky 174 0.03 30 digital 175 0.03 30 a 176 0.03 30 thunder 177 0.03 30 spirit 178 0.02 29 bandit 179 0.02 29 enter 180 0.02 29 anthony 181 0.02 29 corvette 182 0.02 29 hockey 183 0.02 29 power 184 0.02 29 benjamin 185 0.02 29 iloveyou !
186 0.02 29 1q2w3e 187 0.02 29 viper 188 0.02 29 genesis 189 0.02 28 knight 190 0.02 28 qwerty 1 191 0.02 28 creative 192 0.02 28 foobar 193 0.02 28 adidas 194 0.02 28 rotimi 195 0.02 28 slayer 196 0.02 28 wisdom 197 0.02 27 praise 198 0.02 27 zxcvbnm 199 0.02 27 samuel 200 0.02 27 mike 201 0.02 27 dallas 202 0.02 27 green 203 0.02 27 testtest 204 0.02 27 maverick 205 0.02 27 onelove 206 0.02 27 david 207 0.02 27 mylove 208 0.02 27 church 209 0.02 27 friend 210 0.02 27 god 211 0.02 27 destiny 212 0.02 26 none 213 0.02 26 microsoft 214 0.02 26 222222 215 0.02 26 bubbles 216 0.02 26 11111111 217 0.02 26 cocacola 218 0.02 26 jordan23 219 0.02 26 ilovegod 220 0.02 26 football1 221 0.02 26 loving 222 0.02 26 nathan 223 0.02 26 emmanuel 224 0.02 26 scooby 225 0.02 26 fuckoff 226 0.02 26 sammy 227 0.02 26 maxwell 228 0.02 25 jason 229 0.02 25 john 230 0.02 25 1q2w3e4r 231 0.02 25 baby 232 0.02 25 red123 233 0.02 25 blabla 234 0.02 25 prince 235 0.02 25 qwert 236 0.02 25 chelsea 237 0.02 25 55 555 238 0.02 25 angel1 239 0.02 25 hardcore 240 0.02 25 dexter 241 0.02 25 saved 242 0.02 25 112233 243 0.02 25 hallo 244 0.02 25 jasper 245 0.02 25 danielle 246 0.02 25 kitten 247 0.02 24 cassie 248 0.02 24 stella 249 0.02 24 prayer 250 0.02 24 hotdog
Myspace Phising : 47380 Account Passwords
In 2006 there was a large scale phishing attack on myspace accounts .
Someone found the file on the server where the compromised accounts were being saved to .
47380 emails / passwords were found .
A password analysis was done here and here .
phpBB.com : 28644 Account Passwords
In January 2009 someone noticed an exploit listed on milw0rm for PHPlist , a newletter manager .
They found it was running phpBB.com 's server and used the exploit to steal passwords of users that logged in over the coming weeks .
The hacker was n't caught but rather made a blogspot account and bragged about it uploading the entire user database ( passwords encrypted ) and the usernames and passwords of those who logged in while he or she was in control .
28644 username and passwords were uploaded to file sharing sites .
A password analysis was done here .
Singles.org : 40758 Account Passwords
On Feb 21 2009 it was discovered that singles.org , a christian dating network , did not have any security at all .
Logging in and going to ' edit profile ' , you can see your email , password and other information .
The problem is if you give someone the link anyone else can see it too , without logging in .
Since the only thing different from person to person was the userid , people just changed the number to see other people 's email and password information .
Someone made a bot to loop through the pages and captured 40758 username and passwords , then released it to the public .
It was later confirmed ebaumsworld did it .
Demographics differences of the pass lists
Myspace is mostly teens , phpBB is a forum and singles.org is a christian dating site .
Teens tend to be more up to date on technology and use better passwords .
Myspace also requires that the password be at least 6 characters I believe ( the hack was in 2006 so they did n't require numeric also maybe ) .
Teens are more likely to use references to pop culture than dictionary words or first names .
Also since the myspace list is from a phishing attempt aware people often used the fields to insult the scammer so there 's a lot more noise to the list .
People tend to use throw away accounts on forums like phpbb because they only sign up to get an answer real quick .
Also brute force attacks are much more difficult since it uses captchas and limits login attempts .
Singles.org is for christians so you 'll see more biblical related passwords .
Brute Force wordlist susceptibility analysis
If I had done a brute force attack on all the users this is how many accounts I would have compromised with different dictionaries .
The % indicated how successful the dictionary is as a whole , or it could be interpreted as the percent chance each individual account has of being hacked by the associated dictionary .
List Singles.org % phpBB % Myspace %
First names 5009 12 % 4602 16 % 854 2 %
Dictionary 7200 18 % 15739 55 % 2163 5 %
Milw0rm 10743 26 % 20878 73 % 4027 8 %
Insidepro 14264 35 % 19807 69 % 2904 6 %
About the word lists
Firstnames is a list of 5495 parsed first names from ssa.gov and the wikipedia entry of most common given names .
Dictionary represents a parsed version of the open office english dictionary ( hunspell actually ) containing 62220 words .
Milw0rm is a a list of cracked passes from milw0rm.com that were submitted to their hash cracker .
Insidepro has a english wordlist with many common passes .
The problem is , tiny but efficient lists like the firstnames list can easily be used against web forms that do n't have captchas for their login in a practical amount of time .
It 's even faster with sites like twitter and tumblr with efficient APIs or ajax based logins that send very small amounts of data for validation or can be checked simply by the http return code ( eg. 302 for fail , login redirect , and 200 for success ) .
The guy that vandalized 33 twitter profiles actually just did a brute force dictionary attack on a twitter admin and found her password was ' happiness ' .
They probably wo n't limit login attempts because many twitter apps rely on connecting to thousands of users accounts from the same servers .
Multithreaded pipelined programs on high bandwidth connections can easily do several hundred to a few thousands of requests per minute .
SSL slows things down significantly but it 's still possible to brute force .
Most Common Password Length
Singles.org
Pass Length Amount Frequency
8 12855 31.54 %
6 12712 31.19 %
7 9052 22.21 %
5 3551 8.71 %
4 2207 5.41 %
3 317 0.78 %
2 50 0.12 %
1 10 0.02 %
phpbb.com
Pass Length Amount Frequency
6 10072 35.19 %
8 4430 15.48 %
7 4180 14.6 %
5 3804 13.29 %
4 3518 12.29 %
9 1089 3.8 %
3 837 2.92 %
10 327 1.14 %
2 155 0.54 %
1 98 0.34 %
11 63 0.22 %
12 26 0.09 %
13 14 0.05 %
16 4 0.01 %
14 4 0.01 %
15 2 0.01 %
Myspace
Pass Length Amount Frequency
7 11558 24.39 %
8 10820 22.84 %
6 8734 18.43 %
9 7693 16.24 %
10 5586 11.79 %
11 1049 2.21 %
5 671 1.42 %
4 500 1.06 %
12 348 0.73 %
13 125 0.26 %
14 71 0.15 %
3 40 0.08 %
16 29 0.06 %
15 22 0.05 %
1 16 0.03 %
2 15 0.03 %
18 13 0.03 %
17 12 0.03 %
63 10 0.02 %
23 9 0.02 %
19 9 0.02 %
20 9 0.02 %
24 5 0.01 %
25 4 0.01 %
22 3 0.01 %
32 3 0.01 %
60 3 0.01 %
21 3 0.01 %
28 3 0.01 %
Combined
Pass Length Amount Frequency
6 31518 26.99 %
8 28105 24.07 %
7 24790 21.23 %
9 8782 7.52 %
5 8026 6.87 %
4 6225 5.33 %
10 5913 5.06 %
3 1194 1.02 %
11 1112 0.95 %
12 374 0.32 %
2 220 0.19 %
13 139 0.12 %
1 124 0.11 %
14 75 0.06 %
16 33 0.03 %
15 24 0.02 %
18 14 0.01 %
17 12 0.01 %
20 11 0.01 %
63 10 0.01 %
23 9 0.01 %
19 9 0.01 %
Character Frequency Analysis
Shows which numbers , letters , etc. occur the most often in the password and at what percent .
See the wikipedia article on most common letter frequencies .
Targeted character sets can be used to more quickly brute force longer possibilities with a reasonable pace .
Singles.org
Letter Amount Frequency ASCII
e 23875 8.84 % 0x65
a 21970 8.13 % 0x61
o 16234 6.01 % 0x6f
s 15120 5.6 % 0x73
i 14651 5.42 % 0x69
n 13985 5.18 % 0x6e
r 13733 5.08 % 0x72
l 12971 4.8 % 0x6c
t 10205 3.78 % 0x74
m 8793 3.25 % 0x6d
1 8348 3.09 % 0x31
d 8112 3 % 0x64
c 7484 2.77 % 0x63
h 7174 2.66 % 0x68
u 6859 2.54 % 0x75
y 6637 2.46 % 0x79
b 6465 2.39 % 0x62
g 6145 2.27 % 0x67
2 6026 2.23 % 0x32
p 5198 1.92 % 0x70
0 4742 1.75 % 0x30
k 4495 1.66 % 0x6 b
3 4417 1.63 % 0x33
7 4111 1.52 % 0x37
4 4047 1.5 % 0x34
5 3602 1.33 % 0x35
j 3558 1.32 % 0x6a
6 3525 1.3 % 0x36
f 3192 1.18 % 0x66
9 3122 1.16 % 0x39
w 3066 1.13 % 0x77
v 3005 1.11 % 0x76
8 2824 1.05 % 0x38
z 1242 0.46 % 0x7a
x 827 0.31 % 0x78
q 371 0.14 % 0x71
_ 63 0.02 % 0x5f
@ 4 0 % 0x40
. 4 0 % 0x2e
phpbb
Letter Amount Frequency ASCII
e 15716 8.95 % 0x65
a 15434 8.79 % 0x61
o 11093 6.32 % 0x6f
r 10766 6.13 % 0x72
s 10421 5.93 % 0x73
n 9343 5.32 % 0x6e
i 9210 5.24 % 0x69
t 8391 4.78 % 0x74
l 7657 4.36 % 0x6c
m 5724 3.26 % 0x6d
d 5679 3.23 % 0x64
1 5488 3.13 % 0x31
p 5435 3.1 % 0x70
c 4961 2.83 % 0x63
h 4793 2.73 % 0x68
b 4286 2.44 % 0x62
2 3643 2.07 % 0x32
u 3586 2.04 % 0x75
g 3224 1.84 % 0x67
3 3210 1.83 % 0x33
w 3197 1.82 % 0x77
k 3079 1.75 % 0x6 b
y 2966 1.69 % 0x79
4 2346 1.34 % 0x34
f 2264 1.29 % 0x66
5 2241 1.28 % 0x35
6 1924 1.1 % 0x36
0 1333 0.76 % 0x30
v 1332 0.76 % 0x76
j 1130 0.64 % 0x6a
x 970 0.55 % 0x78
q 963 0.55 % 0x71
8 957 0.54 % 0x38
7 957 0.54 % 0x37
z 943 0.54 % 0x7a
9 798 0.45 % 0x39
* 87 0.05 % 0x2a
@ 10 0.01 % 0x40
7 0 % 0x20
. 6 0 % 0x2e
; 6 0 % 0x3 b
$ 5 0 % 0x24
# 3 0 % 0x23
! 3 0 % 0x21
- 2 0 % 0x2d
^ 2 0 % 0x5e
/ 2 0 % 0x2f
, 2 0 % 0x2c
% 2 0 % 0x25
` 1 0 % 0x60
& 1 0 % 0x26
~ 1 0 % 0x7e
_ 1 0 % 0x5f
MySpace
Letter Amount Frequency ASCII
e 28732 7.71 % 0x65
a 26097 7 % 0x61
1 23357 6.27 % 0x31
o 20336 5.46 % 0x6f
s 18222 4.89 % 0x73
i 18032 4.84 % 0x69
r 17489 4.69 % 0x72
l 17061 4.58 % 0x6c
n 15956 4.28 % 0x6e
t 13227 3.55 % 0x74
2 12751 3.42 % 0x32
c 11535 3.1 % 0x63
m 10592 2.84 % 0x6d
b 9094 2.44 % 0x62
d 9086 2.44 % 0x64
y 9067 2.43 % 0x79
h 9012 2.42 % 0x68
u 8526 2.29 % 0x75
3 8436 2.26 % 0x33
0 8421 2.26 % 0x30
k 7508 2.02 % 0x6 b
p 7119 1.91 % 0x70
g 6804 1.83 % 0x67
4 5892 1.58 % 0x34
9 5786 1.55 % 0x39
8 5327 1.43 % 0x38
5 5238 1.41 % 0x35
6 5118 1.37 % 0x36
7 4751 1.28 % 0x37
f 4532 1.22 % 0x66
w 3962 1.06 % 0x77
v 3768 1.01 % 0x76
j 3454 0.93 % 0x6a
! 1899 0.51 % 0x21
z 1547 0.42 % 0x7a
x 1501 0.4 % 0x78
. 1080 0.29 % 0x2e
q 561 0.15 % 0x71
* 303 0.08 % 0x2a
227 0.06 % 0x20
- 176 0.05 % 0x2d
$ 139 0.04 % 0x24
@ 128 0.03 % 0x40
_ 122 0.03 % 0x5f
< 110 0.03 % 0x3c
? 83 0.02 % 0x3f
' 68 0.02 % 0x27
; 64 0.02 % 0x3 b
, 52 0.01 % 0x2c
= 35 0.01 % 0x3d
/ 29 0.01 % 0x2f
` 28 0.01 % 0x60
: 26 0.01 % 0x3a
] 23 0.01 % 0x5d
) 19 0.01 % 0x29
~ 12 0 % 0x7e
( 12 0 % 0x28
% 11 0 % 0x25
[ 9 0 % 0x5 b
^ 7 0 % 0x5e
> 4 0 % 0x3e
} 3 0 % 0x7d
" 3 0 % 0x22
{ 2 0 % 0x7 b
n 1 0 % 0xfc
S 1 0 % 0xe4
² 1 0 % 0xfd
Ö 1 0 % 0x99
G 1 0 % 0xe2
É 1 0 % 0x90
|1 0 % 0x7c
¬ 1 0 % 0xa9
í 1 0 % 0xa1
All Combined
Letter Amount Frequency ASCII
e 68323 8.35 % 0x65
a 63501 7.76 % 0x61
o 47663 5.82 % 0x6f
s 43763 5.35 % 0x73
r 41988 5.13 % 0x72
i 41893 5.12 % 0x69
n 39284 4.8 % 0x6e
l 37689 4.61 % 0x6c
1 37193 4.54 % 0x31
t 31823 3.89 % 0x74
m 25109 3.07 % 0x6d
c 23980 2.93 % 0x63
d 22877 2.8 % 0x64
2 22420 2.74 % 0x32
h 20979 2.56 % 0x68
b 19845 2.42 % 0x62
u 18971 2.32 % 0x75
y 18670 2.28 % 0x79
p 17752 2.17 % 0x70
g 16173 1.98 % 0x67
3 16063 1.96 % 0x33
k 15082 1.84 % 0x6b
0 14496 1.77 % 0x30
4 12285 1.5 % 0x34
5 11081 1.35 % 0x35
6 10567 1.29 % 0x36
w 10225 1.25 % 0x77
f 9988 1.22 % 0x66
7 9819 1.2 % 0x37
9 9706 1.19 % 0x39
8 9108 1.11 % 0x38
j 8142 0.99 % 0x6a
v 8105 0.99 % 0x76
z 3732 0.46 % 0x7a
x 3298 0.4 % 0x78
! 1902 0.23 % 0x21
q 1895 0.23 % 0x71
. 1090 0.13 % 0x2e
* 390 0.05 % 0x2a
234 0.03 % 0x20
_ 186 0.02 % 0x5f
- 178 0.02 % 0x2d
$ 144 0.02 % 0x24
@ 142 0.02 % 0x40
< 110 0.01 % 0x3c
? 83 0.01 % 0x3f
; 70 0.01 % 0x3 b
' 68 0.01 % 0x27
, 54 0.01 % 0x2c
= 35 0 % 0x3d
/ 31 0 % 0x2f
` 29 0 % 0x60
: 26 0 % 0x3a
] 23 0 % 0x5d
) 19 0 % 0x29
~ 13 0 % 0x7e
% 13 0 % 0x25
( 12 0 % 0x28
[ 9 0 % 0x5 b
^ 9 0 % 0x5e
> 4 0 % 0x3e
" 3 0 % 0x22
# 3 0 % 0x23
} 3 0 % 0x7d
{ 2 0 % 0x7 b
Ö 1 0 % 0x99
& 1 0 % 0x26
S 1 0 % 0xe4
² 1 0 % 0xfd
¬ 1 0 % 0xa9
|1 0 % 0x7c
É 1 0 % 0x90
G 1 0 % 0xe2
í 1 0 % 0xa1
n 1 0 % 0xfc
Someone could have a database with your info on it
It 's possible your account information has already been hacked before .
Huge sites like thepiratebay , reddit , stage6 , kaspersky , credit card online payment services , bitdefender and monster.com ( several times ) to name a few have all been hacked or had backup drives stolen .
Given it 's pretty damaging information it would be no surprise that companies do n't report such things .
Singles.org said it reset all the passwords for ' maintenance ' instead of acting immediately urging all users to change their passwords for any other account that used the same pass .
In the meantime screenshots of vandalized facebooks , emails with messages to everyone in the address book saying the person has aids or has converted to islam , and even abused paypal and amazon payments were showing up .
It 's also possible the site administrators do n't even realise their server has been compromised and the hacker can log any password for as long as they go undetected , as with the case of the phpbb hack .
If your information is being sent to another server when you click login it does n't make a difference how your pass is being hashed in the database .
Even if your passwords are encrypted in a one way hash brute force attacks are possible and as cpu and gpu capabilities increase passwords only get weaker and easier to crack .
Myspace , youtube , facebook accounts , etc are relatively safe so long as they have a captcha .
You 're more likely to get your password hacked from some random not - so - popular site or forum that you might have long forgot about by now .
Final Notes
It 's a shame people 's username are most often longer and much more harder to guess than their actual passwords .
More time is spent thinking of a unique username than password because most are already taken in sites with a huge userbase .
You should never use the same password for all your accounts and should always use a completely different password for your email , a password you use nowhere else .
Recently a lot of screenshots of vandalism using singles.org email / facebook accounts have popped up .
Once a hacker gets into your email they can get all the other passwords you might use for different accounts .
People do n't think hackers would go out of their way to hurt them personally but it 's usually the case that they get their hands on a database and just go through the list without personally knowing anyone , looking for financial data or just being trolls .
Many sites are hacked by script kiddies with no programming skills who lurk for exploits which they can copy and paste and use their favorite apps to try to brute force the passwords which are encrypted .
The myspace list has a higher probability of inaccuracy as several people could have noticed it was a phising site and filled it out inaccurately just to flood or put offensive things just attacking the person phising .
I tried to filter out the obvious fake responses and remove dupes .
There 's always the chance people make several accounts with different email addresses and it skews the results ; this should n't skew the results too much given the amount of accounts .
More Analysis to come maybe
What percentage of accounts would have been hacked after x time of being brute forced ( All possibilites , not wordlists ) using cuda gpu bruteforcers if the passwords were stored as md5 .
What percentage of accounts have numbers at the end and what are the most common eg 0 - 9 , 007 , 666 , 2009 More dictionary tests % only alphanumeric and numeric
More
Most common passwords and how hackers get your password .
Tags :
More OMFG - Good Links
phpbb password analysis , myspace password analysis , most common passwords , most common passwords of all time , paswords , pasword , 4 chan , 4 chan , pass word , hackers wordlists , word lists , security analysis , operation jesus , ebaums world singles.org , ebaumsworld , anonymous , most common passwords anaylsis , analysis of phpbb passwordsShare : See all Posts in the Funny Pictures category .
Download mp3s faster than limewire using google .
I 've made 100 + free video tutorials
See the best of the internet today on one page .
Will New Fed " Tools " Avert Hyperinflation ?
People often accuse me of making “ irresponsible ” forecasts of massive price inflation .
Even though they know that history is replete with examples of central banks ruining their currencies , these critics are sure that “ it ca n’t happen here . ”
So in the present article I ’d like to make the brief case for why we should all be very alarmed about the prospects for the U.S. dollar .
First , let ’s look at what those penny pinchers in the federal government are up to .
The Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) recently released its analysis of the Obama Administration ’s ten - year budget proposal .
The projected deficit for ( fiscal year ) 2009 is a whopping $ 1.8 trillion .
Now the president has said , in effect , that you need to spend money to save money , but the CBO projects deficits once again exceeding $ 1 trillion by 2018 .
In fact , over the whole CBO forecast from 2009 - 2019 , the lowest the deficit ever goes is $ 658 billion .
This should be rather surprising to anyone who actually took Obama at his word when he promised to restore fiscal discipline to Washington .
In fact , the CBO projects that the outstanding federal debt held by the public will increase from 40.8 % of GDP in 2008 to 82.4 % in 2019 .
In other words , the CBO predicts a doubling of the national debt in a mere decade .
One last thing to give you chills ( and not the good kind ) :
The CBO is not exactly a doom - and - gloom forecasting service .
They ’re run by the government , for crying out loud .
This is the same CBO that projected at the start of the Bush Administration ten years of an accumulated $ 5.6 trillion in budget surpluses .
I would caution readers not to dismiss all CBO numbers as obviously meaningless .
On the contrary , I think we will see the same pattern play out under Obama as under Bush : Because the CBO in both cases is grossly overstating future tax receipts , its projections for the Obama proposal are going to turn out just as rosy as they did back in 2001 .
Besides anemic tax receipts , if mortgage defaults continue to increase , the CBO projections on losses from the Treasury ’s numerous “ rescue ” measures will also be far too optimistic .
In short , I think we should view the doubling of the national debt ( as a share of the overall economy ) over the next decade as a naïve best - case scenario .
If fiscal policy is a disaster , monetary policy is even worse .
Unfortunately , the issues here get very complicated , and so it ’s difficult for the layman to know whom to trust .
Not only do left - wingers like Paul Krugman say that we need more inflation , but even ( alleged ) right - wingers like Greg Mankiw are saying the exact same thing .
With all due respect , those guys are crazy .
Normally , I do my best unshaved - guy - wearing - a - sandwich - board routine by showing the scary Fed chart of the monetary base .
But every time I do that , some wise guy argues that I do n’t understand how our banking system works , and that because of “ deleveraging ” we are actually experiencing a shrinking money supply .
No , we are n’t .
It ’s true that there are forces tending to shrink the money supply , but Bernanke has more than overwhelmed them .
All of the standard measures of the money stock went way up during 2008 , even though prices ( as measured by the CPI ) fell in some months .
For example , the monetary aggregate M1 consists of very liquid items such as actual currency held by the public , and checking account deposits .
It does not include the monetary base ( which we know has exploded through the roof ) .
Even so , look at the annual percentage graph of M1 recently ; it ’s grown at almost a record rate :
Now the reason prices have n’t exploded is that the demand to hold U.S. dollars has also increased dramatically .
( That ’s also what happened in the 1980s : the Reagan tax cuts and Volcker ’s squelching of severe price inflation made it much more attractive to hold dollars , and so the Fed got away with printing a bunch even though the CPI did n’t increase wildly . )
Once people get over the shock of the financial crisis , the new money Bernanke has pumped into the system will begin pushing up prices .
Others have used this analogy before me , but it ’s still apt : The U.S. economy right now is like Wile E. Coyote right after he runs off a cliff but has n’t yet looked down .
Once the spell of a “ deflationary spiral ” is broken by a full quarter of significant price hikes , there will be an avalanche as people come to their senses .
Some analysts concede that the traditional Fed policies have indeed left the dollar vulnerable to serious devaluation , but they think the central bank wizards can save the day by acquiring new “ tools . ”
For example , San Francisco
Fed president Janet Yellen has been arguing that the Fed should be able to issue its own debt , to give the Fed more flexibility .
The idea is that when the time comes for the Fed to sop up the excess reserves it has pumped into the banking system , it would be devastating to the incipient economic recovery if the Fed has to dump a bunch of mortgage - backed securities , or Treasury bonds , back onto the market .
This would ruin the banks with MBS on their balance sheets , and / or it would push up interest rates for the government .
Thus , the Fed would have painted itself into a corner , and it would have to choose between massive CPI hikes or a renewed recession .
To avoid that nasty tradeoff , Yellen argues that if the Fed could sell its own debt , then it could drain reserves out of the banking system without unloading its own balance sheet .
For a different idea , economists Woodward and Hall think the Fed just needs the ability to charge banks for holding reserves .
The Fed already ( recently ) obtained the right to pay interest on reserves , and so Woodward and Hall think the Fed should also have the ability to do the opposite , i.e. to be able to pay a negative interest rate on reserves that banks hold on deposit with the Fed .
How does this avert the threat of hyperinflation ?
Simple , according to Woodward and Hall .
If banks ever start loaning out too much of their ( now massive ) excess reserves , and thereby start causing large price inflation , then the Fed can simply raise the interest rate it pays on reserves .
Banks would then find it more profitable to lend to the Fed , as it were , rather than lending reserves out to homebuyers and other borrowers in the private sector .
Voila !
Problem solved .
Obviously these tricks can’t avoid the consequences of Bernanke ’s mad money printing spree .
At best , they would merely push back the day of reckoning , while ensuring that it grows exponentially ( quite literally ) .
A quick numerical example : Let ’s say the Fed wants to drain $ 100 billion in reserves out of the banking system , in order to cool off rising prices .
But it does n’t want to sell off some of its assets on its balance sheet ( like “ toxic ” mortgage - backed securities ) , so instead the Fed sells $ 100 billion worth of the brand new “ Fed bonds , ” as Yellen hopes .
In the beginning , this will indeed solve the problem .
When people in the private sector buy the Fed - issued bonds , they write checks on their banks and ultimately those banks see their reserves go down at the Fed .
There is less money held by the public , and so prices do n’t rise as quickly .
But what happens when the Fed bonds mature ?
For example , if the Fed sold a 12 - month bond paying 1 % interest , then after the year has passed our private sector buyers will hand over the securities and now their checking accounts will be credited with $ 101 billion .
At that point , the economy would be in the same position as before , only worse : there would be an extra billion in newly created reserves ( because of interest on the Fed debt ) .
The financial gurus running our financial system and advising our political leaders are n’t even thinking two steps ahead when making their cockamamie recommendations .
For those readers who share my skepticism , the solution seems clear :
You need to transfer your wealth out of assets denominated in fixed streams of U.S. dollars , and switch to something that responds to large price inflation .
In short , sell your corporate and government bonds , and start stocking up on precious metals .
Regards ,
Robert Murphy
for The Daily Reckoning
Editor ’s Note : Robert P. Murphy has a PhD in economics from NYU and is author of The Politically Incorrect Guide to the Great Depression and the New Deal ( Regnery 2009 ) .
He runs the blog Free Advice .
The idea that anything has really changed , at least in the realm of foreign policy , with the ascension of Barack Obama to the White House , is now completely debunked by the administration ’s latest pronouncement on the " Af - Pak " war .
I quote from the " white paper " that accompanied the president ’s spiel :
" The ability of extremists in Pakistan to undermine Afghanistan is proven , while insurgency in Afghanistan feeds instability in Pakistan .
The threat that al - Qaeda poses to the United States and our allies in Pakistan – including the possibility of extremists obtaining fissile material – is all too real .
Without more effective action against these groups in Pakistan , Afghanistan will face continuing instability . "
That ’s from the introduction to a curiously obtuse document , one that never tries to justify its various listed " objectives " with anything other than the most perfunctory scaremongering – precisely what the Bushies used to do .
Remember the mushroom - cloud rhetoric that clouded the debate over the Iraq intervention ?
Averring that the mere possibility Saddam Hussein possessed nuclear weapons posed such an imminent threat that definitive evidence was beside the point , then secretary of state Condoleezza Rice famously declared :
" We do n’t want the smoking gun to be a mushroom cloud . "
These nukes , the White House and its allies claimed , could pass into the hands of terrorists , who would then have the capacity to nuke New York .
In making the case for war with Iraq , the Bushies consistently conjured this fear of radioactive horror , the mental detritus of late - night sci-fi movies , Cold War memories of the Cuba missile crisis , and " duck and cover " drills in the schoolrooms of the Fifties and early Sixties .
This nuclear threat to the United States , supposedly posed by al - Qaeda hiding in the Pakistani hinterlands , is nowhere mentioned in the white paper except in that one instance .
In fact , there is zero evidence that Pakistan ’s 40 - or - so nukes are in any danger , and none is cited .
The idea that al - Qaeda and its allies are about to seize control of Islamabad and commandeer the country ’s nuclear arsenal , is the sort of fantasy one might expect to find in a paperback thriller , or The Weekly Standard .
As recently as a year ago , Adm .
Mike Mullen , head of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , opined that Pakistan ’s nukes were well - protected and there was little likelihood of them falling into the hands of al - Qaeda .
This could be because , as Richard Sale reports ,
" So while the nukes of any country are allegedly in danger of hijacking , apparently the new safeguards are such that the slightest error in procedure renders the weapon null and void , a system much like the one the Russian used with their portable nuclear weapons systems . "
More here .
While Obama did n’t go nuclear , so to speak , in justifying his Af - Pak fever , he followed in the footsteps of his predecessor in waving the bloody shirt of 9/11 as the one reliable way to whip up war hysteria :
" So let me be clear : al - Qaeda and its allies – the terrorists who planned and supported the 9/11 attacks – are in Pakistan and Afghanistan .
Multiple intelligence estimates have warned that al - Qaeda is actively planning attacks on the U.S. homeland from its safe - haven in Pakistan .
And if the Afghan government falls to the Taliban – or allows al - Qaeda to go unchallenged – that country will again be a base for terrorists who want to kill as many of our people as they possibly can . "
While bin Laden and the al - Qaeda leadership recruited Mohammed Atta to carry out the 9/11 attacks from their safe haven in Afghanistan , the actual planning took place in Hamburg , Germany , where Atta and his cell of al - Qaeda cadre set up shop for years before the plan was executed , and various meetings in Malaysia , Florida , and Maryland .
If , indeed , al - Qaeda is planning attacks on the United States , which it no doubt is , the planning as well as the execution must of necessity take place near the target area .
The Obamaites have inherited the central thesis of Bush ’s " war on terrorism . "
In spite of renaming it , they ’ve kept the essential element of the Bushian strategy , which is to mount an offensive campaign , to go after al - Qaeda ’s leaders in their nests .
Yet this is based on a fundamental misunderstanding of the enemy .
This nonsensical idea that al - Qaeda is a regular military formation , not a viral spore spread throughout the globe , is why bin Laden is laughing at us a decade later .
Even if the U.S. succeeded in killing or – better yet – capturing bin Laden , it would have little effect on the effort to eradicate his influence or the movement he created .
Indeed , it would promote the world ’s most famous terrorist and symbol of evil into a mythic figure , even larger in death than in life , aside from imbuing him with the martyr status all Islamists crave .
Surely the Obama people , for all their vaunted smartness , know this , but what it boils down to in the end is a war of retribution .
That ’s the real reason we ’re in Afghanistan and venturing into Pakistan : to get bin Laden .
And Obama knows just where he is :
" In the nearly eight years since 9/11 , al - Qaeda and its extremist allies have moved across the border to the remote areas of the Pakistani frontier .
This almost certainly includes al - Qaeda ’s leadership : Osama bin Laden and Ayman al - Zawahiri .
They have used this mountainous terrain as a safe - haven to hide , train terrorists , communicate with followers , plot attacks , and send fighters to support the insurgency in Afghanistan .
For the American people , this border region has become the most dangerous place in the world . "
This qualified certitude – " almost certainly " – has a familiar ring to it : that ’s what all the experts said about Saddam ’s fabled " weapons of mass destruction . "
The Bush administration abjured all qualifiers and flatly declared they knew he had them .
The Obamaites , being self - proclaimed " pragmatists , " abjure all certainty as a matter of high principle .
Where is the evidence that bin Laden is in the tribal areas ?
Excuse me , but after eight years of cherry - picking , massaging , and outright fabricating " intelligence , " pardon my skepticism , but before we get involved in what promises to be an even bigger quagmire , I want to see the proof – the intelligence reports and the satellite photos .
Surely , for all our vaunted hi-tech weaponry and gadgetry – which comes at a cost of trillions – the U.S. military has the capacity to zoom in on the tribal areas and mount a pretty detailed surveillance .
Let ’s see the photos .
Aside from that , however , there is the complete absurdity of mounting a war of revenge .
We are making a long - term commitment to the Af - Pak war because " almost certainly " a single man is hiding in the hinterlands of Pakistan ’s tribal regions , with the rest of the top al - Qaeda leadership numbering no more than a dozen .
At a cost of how many lives , most of them " collateral damage " ?
That is like the police , in chasing a murderer , firing into a crowd as he runs down the street .
This is what American foreign policy is reduced to : a bully on the rampage , set on revenge .
Surely capturing bin Laden would be a feather in Obama ’s cap , seeming to validate – in a facile manner – the Obamaite mantra that the Iraq war was wrong because it diverted resources and attention away from what ought to have been our target all along : Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Now , in any case , the Obama administration means to make up for lost time .
Obama ’s bilious peroration is filled with appeals to the Pakistani government and people deftly mixed with implied threats .
The Taliban and al - Qaeda are enemies of the Pakistani people , he says , but if their government fails to act then we will , given credible and actionable intelligence that one of the bad guys is in town .
Billions in aid for Pakistan will make effective nullification of their sovereignty go down a lot easier – unless , of course , al - Qaeda percolates out of the tribal areas , once the pressure is on , and into the cities .
On the Afghan side of the equation , our new commander in chief is setting up " benchmarks " and sternly lecturing the present government about the need to eradicate rampant corruption .
They , too , will get billions .
Our own schools , roads , and clinics may be crumbling , but , hey , get over it , it is n’t all about you – the Afghans are having their turn !
I have no doubt that this argument will be used , if it has n’t already , by the more perfervid Obamaites in defense of Dear Leader ’s war .
They are welcome to it , in any case .
This president knows there is no appetite for another war , and that ’s what this rollout of the Af - Pak policy is designed to counteract , at least to some degree :
" I want the American people to understand that we have a clear and focused goal : to disrupt , dismantle , and defeat -al Qaeda in Pakistan and Afghanistan , and to prevent their return to either country in the future .
That is the goal that must be achieved .
That is a cause that could not be more just . "
However much we invoke 9/11 as our rationale for perpetual war , the task of preventing another such attack is to disrupt , dismantle , and defeat al - Qaeda ’s attempts to penetrate outside remote areas , such as Pakistan ’s tribal areas .
Rather than launching a full - scale invasion and occupation of the region , would n’t it be a lot easier to throw a cordon around the area , to quarantine it ?
As a justification for what promises to be an even more costly military intervention , in terms of both human and material resources , this is awfully – embarrassingly – thin .
They told me to give Obama a chance , that he ’s just gotten into office and it takes time to effect real change : yes , well , that approach may have had some credibility in the beginning , but now that we ’re approaching the end of the first 100 days and our new president has made his first major foreign policy pronouncement , the time to give Obama the benefit of every doubt is over .
What he is proposing is more than a mere " surge " – it is a rising tsunami of unimaginable proportions , one that will make the Iraq war seem like a minor swell .
Jes posted this over at CBC , but I just ca n’t help it .
I was getting ready to go to bed after a hard day ’s work , but the adrenaline rush from watching this video is quite a beast .
Finally , what I can only assume is returning due to popular demand , the Bio - Rad is at it again .
The sequel to the PCR song : the GTCA song …
This stuff is legit .
On a side note , in exactly one week is the fateful day of grad school commitment .
I have friends who are actually breaking out the coin for this one .
Personal congratulations to Jes on UCSB .
And for anyone who is heading out to the Mid- west , drop me a line !
Noel
Total h/t to QuietObserver @ Daily Kos
More Here ....
Well , Shepard Smith is already being called a turn coat , by the right wingers , but in the end we honestly can not justify torturing and then turn around and take a high moral ground .
That is hypocrisy and this is what the Bush Administration left us in the end .
Home Page
Kate Beaton
Why is Jane Austen all over the god dang place these days ?
People are peddling her out for every half brained new item they can attach to her already stretched thin name !
Recently of all things there is a
If you are thinking about mentioning the book Pride and Prejudice Zombies , permit me to assure you , I have about 300 emails on the topic already , consider me informed
Rolling In Her GraveWhy is Jane Austen all over the god dang place these days ?
People are peddling her out for every half brained new item they can attach to her already stretched thin name !
Recently of all things there is a Pride and Prejudice comic , which you can see a little preview of there .
I thought Marvel was a company with talent , that thing looks terrible !
Someone oughta tell these chumps there is only one person who can make a proper Jane Austen comic and THAT IS ME .
If you are thinking about mentioning the book Pride and Prejudice Zombies , permit me to assure you , I have about 300 emails on the topic already , consider me Store !
Mr Mugabe marked his birthday with a cake reportedly weighing 85kg ( 187lb )
Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe has vowed to continue seizing land from white farmers after a spate of " farm invasions " over the past month .
Speaking at a rally to celebrate his 85th birthday , he also promised to push for majority Zimbabwean ownership of companies operating in the country .
Mugabe supporters raised $ 250,000 ( £ 176,000 ) for a lavish birthday party in Chinhoyi , north - west of Harare .
Zimbabwe asked African states for $ 2bn ( £ 1.4 bn ) in economic aid just days ago .
Farms will not be returned back to former farmers
President Mugabe
In pictures : Birthday party Morgan Tsvangirai , the new prime minister and former opposition leader , did not attend the celebrations despite earlier indications that he might .
Mr Mugabe 's spokesman , George Charamba , told Reuters news agency Mr Tsvangirai had opted out of the event after realising it had been organised by the president 's Zanu - PF party .
" People should not read this as a snub - he excused himself , " Mr Charamba said .
Mr Mugabe turned 85 on 21 February but his party is being held a week later .
SADC ' nonsense '
Mr Mugabe told the rally in Chinhoyi there would be " no going back " on planned and already executed seizures of land owned by white farmers .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The Southern African Development Community ( SADC ) tribunal in Namibia had no right to intervene on the farmers ' behalf , he said .
" Farms will not be returned back to former farmers , " he told the audience .
" Some farmers went to the SADC ... but that 's nonsense , absolute nonsense , no - one will follow that .
" We have courts here in this country , that can determine the rights of people .
Our land issues are not subject to the SADC tribunal . "
In November , the tribunal ruled that Zimbabwe 's plans to seize dozens of white - owned farms were illegal under international rule and should be halted immediately .
Zimbabwe 's Commercial Farmers Union says that , in the past month , operations at about 150 farms have been disrupted .
Some farmers have been evicted .
Mr Mugabe said the new government would continue to push for a majority stake in companies operating in Zimbabwe .
" We would want to see a greater participation of our people in them , not less than 51 % , in certain companies we would have designated , " he said .
Mr Mugabe also urged his supporters to accept the new power - sharing government but his latest message on land reform is a sign that he is still firmly in control , BBC Southern Africa correspondent Peter Biles reports from Johannesburg .
This week , Mr Tsvangirai's Movement for Democratic Change said the government must intervene to stop farm disruptions , in order to enhance productivity .
Economic woes
The birthday celebrations come as Zimbabwe struggles with the world 's highest inflation , food shortages and a cholera epidemic which the World Health Organisation says has killed 3,894 people since August last year .
The WHO reports more than 84,000 cholera cases in Zimbabwe
There have been more than 84,000 reported cases , says the WHO .
More than half the population is believed to need food aid , while just 10 % of adults have a regular job .
Mr Tsvangirai - who was sworn in two weeks ago in a unity government with Mr Mugabe ending months of political deadlock - has said it will cost as much as $ 5 bn to fix Zimbabwe 's economy .
The country has asked for $ 2bn in emergency aid to revive public services and the business sector .
Following a two - day meeting of regional ministers in Cape Town , South Africa , members of the Southern African Development Community ( SADC ) and the African Union pledged to " pursue measures in support of Zimbabwe 's economic recovery programme " .
But Western donors have said they are waiting for proof that the unity government is really working before sending in funds .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
On Friday , KDE officially launched its version of Dell ’s IdeaStorm – KDE Brainstorm .
In less than 24 hours , over 100 new ideas were proposed .
“ Getting the non-developer and developer communities really communicating is often a challenge , and KDE ’s approach is a great start .
Developers now have an opportunity to hear what end - users want . ”
Zaha Hadid ’s £ 82.3 million Dubai Opera
House is set to be cancelled as struggling developer Sama Dubai slashes projects that are still on the drawing board .
A source at Sama said : ‘ Due to economic conditions the opera house is pending . ’
The project has stalled despite the recent merger of Sama Dubai with Dubai Properties and a £ 6.9 billion government bailout .
The building , which was to hold 2,500 people , would have formed a key part of The Lagoons , a mixed - use development in Dubai Creek covering almost 7 million m2 .
Zaha Hadid issued a statement to the AJ saying : ‘ As with almost every new development in Dubai , the project is under review .
Advertisement
‘ We strongly believe these civic cultural programmes , such as the Dubai Opera House , are a vital component of every nation , along with its social , political and economic developments . ’
Doubts also surround one of Hadid ’s Abu Dhabi projects .
The firm is designing the Performing Arts Centre on Saadiyat Island , but the client , Abu Dhabi ’s Tourism Development & Investment Company , is locked in talks with banks to secure additional funding .
There is , however , better news for Foster + Partners in the Middle East .
It has been chosen by the Saudi Rail Organisation to be sole designer for the five stations on the £ 4.1 billion Haramain high - speed rail project .
The 444 km railway will link the holy cities of Mecca and Medina , via Jeddah , Rabigh and King Abdullah Economic City .
You Tube
David Shuster calls out Michelle Bachmann for her double talk on earmarks .
After claiming that she requested zero earmarks for her state Bachmann now admits she requested millions of dollars in earmarks , but now says she took them but it's not a big deal :
Bachmann :
Well , the average earmark I think for the state of Minnesota for the members of Congress is somewhere around 70,000 – $ 70 million , so mine is very , very small on that level and that ’s in the first two years that was in .
After I saw the way that the process worked , after being a freshman , I saw how corrupt it was and took an earmark pledge and that ’s why I personally have no earmarks in the current budget bill and the stimulus bill that was passed this year .
As David Shuster notes :
Jared Diamond , author of Guns , Germs , and Steel , is being sued by two Papua , New Guinea , men who claim the award - winning science writer lied about their lives to prove that tribal culture is violent .
Advertisement
Diamond 's article in the New Yorker was called " Vengeance Is Ours , " and described a young New Guinean man , called Wemp , and his violent quest for revenge after his uncle Soll was killed by another tribe .
Diamond claimed Wemp was out to destroy a tribal leader called Isum , and that to do so he went on a murderous rampage , recruiting dozens of " soldiers " to aid him , and ultimately killing 17 people as well as injuring several others grievously .
One of the injured was supposedly Isum ( pictured , at far right ) , whom Diamond describes as being in a wheelchair .
Diamond used the men's story to illustrate a story from his own life , about how his father - in - law had the opportunity to kill the man responsible for murdering his family in a Polish prison camp during World War II .
Instead of killing the man , Diamond 's father - in - law turned him into police , who released him a year later .
Apparently Diamond 's father - in - law regretted for the rest of his life that he did not take violent revenge , and it weighed on his conscience .
Advertisement
But the New Guineans , Diamond claims , have no such neuroses because unlike civilized European guys they exact violent revenge on each other all the time .
The problem is that Diamond 's notion of tribal culture is based on a fantasy of Diamond 's own - one that was propagated by the New Yorker , which never fact - checked his story with the two men it featured as main characters .
Wemp killed nobody , and Isum is not in a wheelchair - as you can see from the picture above .
Indeed , the two men say they have never met and Isum has suffered no injuries at all .
After the story went up online , Wemp suffered tremendously :
He 'd been accused of heinous crimes , which the men's lawsuit says he did not commit .
Other mistakes Diamond made include extremely basic facts , such as which tribes the men are associated with .
G/O Media may get a commission First Bag Free
If the men 's allegations turn out to be correct , it seems that Diamond cobbled together Wemp 's story out of several different tales he told while driving Diamond around when Diamond visited the island for the World Wildlife Fund .
Essentially , Diamond took the stories his driver told him without ever asking permission , turned them into a lesson about his own life , and published them .
And now , say Wemp and Isum , they have to pay the price for Diamond 's tidy little story .
Advertisement
According to StinkyJournalism , a watchdog site that investigated Diamond 's New Yorker story :
Despite Diamond 's claims , Wemp was no Handa tribal leader , nor was Henep Isum a violent leader of the Ombals .
Isum is n't even an Ombal tribesman ; he is a Henep , hence , his full name : Henep Isum Mandingo ( tribal name , first name , last name ) . . .
Even though Diamond 's article says the quotations by Wemp were made in 2001 - 2002 , this was untrue .
The several long and complex ( and erudite ) quotations attributed to Wemp - that Wemp vehemently denies saying - were apparently composited together by Diamond into a single narrative , along with bits and pieces of Wemp 's stories Diamond remembered from years before . . .
Diamond 's many other errors range from mistakenly saying that two villages are tribes ( Aralinja and Ungupi are villages ) to creating an entire history of conflict between two tribes where only the smallest fragments of truth can be found and then traced back to the seeds of real events that actually took place . . .
By Diamond connecting false assertions of crimes to real people - all sourced to Wemp - he has put [ Wemp ] in danger among tribes .
Advertisement
It turns out all the crimes that Diamond describes can be traced back to one outbreak of tribal violence in the early 1990s , when 4 men died .
It was not an ongoing vengeance cycle , nor did it have anything to do with Wemp 's uncle Soll .
It would seem that the person most interested in violent revenge is Diamond himself , on behalf of his father - in - law .
Why did he need to exaggerate and fabricate a tale about tribal warfare in New Guinea to tell it ?
Advertisement
via StinkyJournalism
Autophagy mediates THC - induced cancer cell death .
As a first approach to gain insight into the morphological changes induced in cancer cells by cannabinoid administration , we performed electron microscopy analysis of U87MG human astrocytoma cells .
Interestingly , double membrane vacuolar structures with the morphological features of autophagosomes were observed in THC - treated cells ( Figure 1 , A–C ) .
The conversion of the soluble form of LC3 ( LC3 - I ) to the lipidated and autophagosome - associated form ( LC3 - II ) is considered one of the hallmarks of autophagy ( 1 ) , and thus we observed the occurrence of LC3 - positive dots as well as the appearance of LC3 - II ( Figure 1D ) in cannabinoid - challenged cells .
In addition , co-incubation with the lysosomal protease inhibitors E64d and pepstatin A , which blocks the last steps of autophagic degradation ( 14 ) , enhanced THC - induced accumulation of LC3 - II ( Figure 1E ) , confirming that cannabinoids induce dynamic autophagy in U87MG cells .
Furthermore , incubation with the cannabinoid receptor 1 ( CB1 ) antagonist SR141716 prevented THC - induced LC3 lipidation and formation of LC3 dots ( Figure 1D ) , indicating that induction of autophagy by cannabinoids relies on CB1 receptor activation .
Figure 1 Inhibition of autophagy prevents THC - induced cancer cell death .
( A–C ) Effect of THC on U87MG cell morphology .
Representative electron microscopy photomicrographs are shown ( 6 h ) .
Scale bars : 500 nm .
Note the presence of early ( A , open arrows , and B ) and late ( A , filled arrows , and C ) autophagosomes in THC - treated but not vehicle - treated ( veh- treated ) cells .
( D ) Top : Effect of SR141716 ( SR1 ; 1 μM ) and THC on LC3 immunostaining ( green ) in U87MG cells ( 18 h ; n = 3 ) .
The percentage of cells with LC3 dots relative to the total cell number is shown in the corner of each panel ( mean ± SD ) .
Scale bar : 20 μm. Bottom : Effect of SR1 and THC on LC3 lipidation in U87MG cells ( 18 h ; n = 3 ) .
( E ) Effect of E64d ( 10 μM ) and pepstatin A ( PA ; 10 μg/ml ) on THC - induced LC3 lipidation in U87MG cells ( 18 h ; n = 3 ) .
( F and G ) Effect of THC treatment and transfection with control siRNAs ( siC ) or ATG1 - selective siRNAs ( siATG1 ) on cell viability ( F ; mean ± SD ; n = 3 ) , LC3 immunostaining ( G , left panels ; 18 h ; percentage of cells with LC3 dots relative to the total number of cells cotransfected with a red fluorescent control siRNA , mean ± SD ; n = 3 ; scale bar : 20 μm ) , and LC3 lipidation ( G , right panel ; 18 h ; n = 3 ) in U87MG cells .
( H and I ) Effect of THC on cell viability ( H ; mean ± SD ; n = 3 ) , LC3 immunostaining ( I , left panels ; 18 h ; percentage of cells with LC3 dots relative to the total cell number , mean ± SD ; n = 3 ; scale bar : 20 μm ) , and LC3 lipidation ( I , right panel ; 18 h ; n = 3 ) in Atg5 +/+ and Atg5– / – RasV12/ T- large antigen MEFs .
*P < 0.05 and **P < 0.01 compared with THC - treated U87MG ( D ) and Atg5 +/+ ( H and I ) cells and compared with siC- transfected , THC - treated U87MG cells ( F and G ) .
THC concentration was 6 μM .
Since autophagy has been implicated in promotion and inhibition of cell survival , we next investigated its participation in the cancer cell death–inducing action of THC .
Pharmacological inhibition of autophagy at different levels ( Supplemental Figure 1 , A–C ; supplemental material available online with this article ; doi:10.1172/JCI37948DS1 ) or selective knockdown of ATG1 ( an essential protein in the initiation of autophagy ; ref .
1 ) ( Figure 1 , F and G ) , ATG5 ( an essential protein in the formation of the autophagosome ; ref.
1 ) ( Supplemental Figure 1 , D–F ) , or AMBRA1 ( a recently identified beclin - 1 –interacting protein that regulates autophagy ; ref. 15 ) ( Supplemental Figure 1 , D–F ) strongly reduced cannabinoid - induced autophagy and cell death .
Moreover , transformed Atg5 - deficient mouse embryonic fibroblasts ( MEFs ) , which are defective in autophagy ( 16 ) , were more resistant than their wild - type counterparts to THC - induced cell death ( Figure 1H ) and did not undergo autophagy upon cannabinoid treatment ( Figure 1I ) .
Taken together , these findings demonstrate that autophagy plays a prominent role in THC - induced cancer cell death .
THC induces autophagy via ER stress–dependent upregulation of p8 and TRB3 .
In addition to the presence of autophagosomes , electron microscopy analysis of cannabinoid - treated cells revealed the presence of numerous cells with dilated ER ( Figure 2A ) .
In line with this observation , immunostaining of the ER luminal marker protein disulphide isomerase ( PDI ) showed a striking dilation in the ER of THC - treated U87MG cells ( Figure 2B ) , an event that was associated with an increased phosphorylation of the α subunit of eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2 ( eIF2α ) , a hallmark of the ER stress response ( 17 ) ( Figure 2C ) .
In addition , THC - induced ER dilation and eIF2α phosphorylation were prevented by pharmacological blockade of the CB1 receptor ( Figure 2 , B and C ) .
Figure 2 ER stress precedes autophagy in cannabinoid action .
( A ) Effect of THC on U87MG cell morphology .
Note the presence of the dilated ER in THC - but not vehicle - treated cells ( 6 h ) .
Arrows point to the ER .
Scale bars : 500 nm. ( B ) Effect of SR1 ( 1 μM ) and THC on PDI immunostaining ( red ) in U87MG cells ( 8 h ; n = 3 ) .
The percentage of cells with PDI dots relative to the total cell number is shown in the corner of each panel ( mean ± SD ) .
Scale bar : 20 μm. ( C ) Effect of SR1 ( 1 μM ) on THC - induced eIF2α phosphorylation of U87MG cells ( 3 h ; OD relative to vehicle - treated cells , mean ± SD ; n = 3 ) .
( D ) Effect of THC on PDI ( red ) and LC3 ( green ) immunostaining in U87MG cells ( n = 3 ) .
The percentage of cells with PDI or LC3 dots relative to total cell number at each time point ( mean ± SD ) is shown .
Scale bar : 20 μm. ( E ) Effect of THC on eIF2α phosphorylation and LC3 lipidation in U87MG cells ( n = 3 ) .
** P < 0.01 compared with THC - treated ( B ) or vehicle - treated ( C and D ) cells .
Time - course analysis of PDI and LC3 immunostaining , eIF2α phosphorylation , and LC3 lipidation of cannabinoid - treated cells revealed that ER stress occurred earlier than autophagy ( Figure 2 , D and E ) .
Of interest , cannabinoid administration produced similar activation of ER stress and autophagy , as well as cell death , in other human astrocytoma cell lines ( Supplemental Figure 2 , A–F ) , a primary culture of human glioma cells ( Supplemental Figure 2 , G–I ) , and several human cancer cell lines of different origin , including pancreatic cancer ( Supplemental Figure 2 , J–L ) , breast cancer , and hepatoma ( data not shown ) .
However , neither ER dilation nor eIF2α phosphorylation or autophagy was evident in normal , nontransformed primary astrocytes ( Supplemental Figure 3 ) , which are resistant to cannabinoid - induced cell death ( 13 ) .
We next investigated whether activation of ER stress is involved in the induction of autophagy in response to cannabinoid treatment of cancer cells .
We have previously shown that THC - induced accumulation of de novo–synthesized ceramide , an event that occurs in the ER ( 18 ) , leads to upregulation of the stress - regulated protein p8 and its ER stress–related downstream targets , ATF4 , CHOP , and TRB3 , to induce cancer cell death ( 13 ) .
Of importance , incubation with ISP - 1 ( a selective inhibitor of serine palmitoyltransferase , the enzyme that catalyzes the first step of sphingolipid biosynthesis ; ref. 18 ) prevented ceramide accumulation ( Supplemental Figure 4A ) ; THC - induced ER dilation ( Supplemental Figure 4B ) ; eIF2α phosphorylation ( Figure 3A ) ; p8 , ATF4 , CHOP , and TRB3 upregulation ( Supplemental Figure 4C ) ; and autophagy ( Figure 3B ) , supporting that ceramide accumulation is involved in cannabinoid - triggered ER stress and autophagy .
We also verified by means of RNA interference that CaCMKK β — which had been previously implicated in activating autophagy in response to ER stress–associated calcium release ( 19 ) — was not involved in THC - induced autophagy and cell death ( data not shown ) .
As phosphorylation of eIF2α on Ser51 attenuates general protein synthesis while enhancing the expression of several ER stress response genes ( 17 ) , we used cells derived from eIF2α S51A knockin mice to test whether eIF2α phosphorylation regulates the expression of p8 and its downstream targets .
In agreement with this hypothesis , THC treatment ( which promoted ceramide accumulation in both wild - type and eIF2α S51A immortalized MEFs ; Supplemental Figure 5A ) triggered p8 , ATF4 , CHOP , and TRB3 upregulation ( Figure 3C ) as well as autophagy ( Supplemental Figure 5B ) in wild - type cells but not in their eIF2α S51A counterparts .
Figure 3 THC induces autophagy via ER stress–evoked p8 and TRB3 upregulation .
( A and B ) Effect of ISP - 1 ( 1 μM ) on THC - induced eIF2α phosphorylation ( A ; 3 h ; n = 3 ) and LC3 immunostaining ( B , left panels ; 18 h ; percentage of cells with LC3 dots relative to the total cell number , mean ± SD ; n = 3 ; scale bar : 20 μm ) in U87MG cells .
sip8 , p8- selective siRNA ; siTRB3 , TRB3 - selective siRNA .
( C ) Effect of THC on p8 , ATF4 , CHOP , and TRB3 mRNA levels of eIF2α WT and eIF2α S51A MEFs as determined by real - time quantitative PCR ( 8 h ; n = 3 ) .
Numbers indicate the mean fold increase ± SD relative to vehicle - treated eIF2α WT MEFs .
( D ) Top : Analysis of p8 and TRB3 mRNA levels .
Results from a representative RT - PCR experiment are shown .
The numbers indicate gene expression levels as determined by real - time quantitative PCR ( mean fold change ± SD relative to siC- transfected cells ; n = 5 ) .
Bottom : Effect of THC on LC3 immunostaining ( green ) of U87MG cells transfected with siC , sip8 , or siTRB3 ( 18 h ; n = 4 ) .
The percentage of cells with LC3 dots relative to cells cotransfected with a red fluorescent control siRNA is shown in each panel ( mean ± SD ) .
Scale bar : 20 μm. ( E ) Effect of THC on LC3 lipidation in U87MG cells transfected with siC , sip8 , or siTRB3 ( 18 h ; n = 6 ) .
( F ) Effect of THC on LC3 lipidation ( top ; 18 h ; n = 5 ) and LC3 immunostaining ( bottom ; 18 h ; percentage of cells with LC3 dots relative to the total cell number , mean ± SD ; n = 4 ; scale bar : 40 μm ) in p8 +/+ or p8 – /– MEFs .
*P < 0.05 and **P < 0.01 compared with THC - treated U87MG ( B ) , eIF2α WT ( C ) , or p8 +/+ ( F ) cells and compared with siC- transfected , THC - treated U87MG cells ( D ) .
We subsequently asked whether p8 and its downstream targets regulate autophagy .
Knockdown of p8 or TRB3 prevented THC - induced autophagy ( Figure 3 , D and E ) but not ER dilation ( Supplemental Figure 4D ) in U87MG cells .
Furthermore , THC induced autophagy in p8 +/+ but not p8 - deficient transformed MEFs ( Figure 3 F and Supplemental Figure 5C ) .
Altogether , these findings reveal that THC induces autophagy of cancer cells via activation of an ER stress–triggered signaling route that involves stimulation of ceramide synthesis de novo , eIF2α phosphorylation , and p8 and TRB3 upregulation .
THC inhibits Akt and mTORC1 via TRB3 .
Inhibition of mTORC1 is considered a key step in the early triggering of autophagy ( 6 ) .
We therefore tested whether cannabinoid - induced upregulation of the p8 pathway leads to autophagy via inhibition of this complex .
THC treatment of U87MG cells reduced the phosphorylation of p70S6 kinase ( a well - established mTORC1 substrate ) and the ribosomal protein S6 ( a well - established p70S6 kinase substrate ) ( Figure 4 , A and C ) , indicating that mTORC1 is inhibited in cannabinoid - challenged cells .
In addition , the cannabinoid - induced decrease in p70S6 kinase and S6 phosphorylation , autophagy , and cell death were not evident in Tsc2 – / – cells , in which mTORC1 is constitutively active ( 20 ) ( Figure 4B and Supplemental Figure 6 , A and B ) , further supporting a major role for mTORC1 inhibition in the induction of autophagic cell death by cannabinoids .
Figure 4 THC inhibits the Akt / mTORC1 pathway via TRB3 .
( A ) Effect of THC on p70S6 K and S6 phosphorylation of U87MG cells ( n = 6 ) .
( B ) Effect of THC on cell viability ( left panel ; 24 h ; mean ± SD ; n = 6 ) and LC3 lipidation ( right panel ; 18 h ; n = 4 ) in Tsc2 +/+ and Tsc2–/– MEFs . ( C ) Effect of THC on Akt , TSC2 , PRAS40 , p70S6 K , and S6 phosphorylation of U87MG cells ( 18 h ; OD relative to vehicle - treated cells , mean ± SD ; n = 7 ) .
( D ) Effect of THC on cell viability ( left panel ; 24 h ; mean ± SD ; n = 4 ) and LC3 lipidation ( right panel ; 18 h ; n = 4 ) of pBABE and myristoylated Akt ( myr - Akt ) MEFs .
( E ) Effect of THC on Akt co-immunoprecipitation with TRB3 in U87MG cell extracts ( 8 h ; OD relative to vehicle - treated cells , mean ± SD ; n = 9 ; input : TRB3 ) .
( F and G ) Effect of THC on Akt , TSC2 , PRAS40 , p70S6 K , and S6 phosphorylation and LC3 lipidation ( G only ) of siC - and siTRB3 - transfected ( F ; 18 h ; OD relative to vehicle - treated siC- transfected U87MG cells , mean ± SD ; n = 7 ; upper panel shows an analysis of TRB3 mRNA levels ) and EGFP ( Ad- EGFP ) or rat TRB3 ( Ad - TRB3 ) adenoviral vector–infected ( G ; 18 h ; OD relative to vehicle - treated Ad-EGFP –infected U87MG cells , mean ± SD ; n = 4 ; upper panel shows an analysis of rTRB3 mRNA levels ) U87MG cells .
( H) Effect of THC on Akt , p70S6 K , and S6 phosphorylation of p8 +/+ and p8– /– MEFs ( n = 7 ) .
*P < 0.05 and **P < 0.01 compared with THC - treated Tsc2 +/+ ( B ) and pBABE ( D ) MEFs and compared with vehicle - treated ( C and E ) , vehicle - treated siC- transfected ( F ) , or Ad-EGFP –infected ( G ) U87MG cells .
The protein kinase
Akt positively regulates the activity of the mTORC1 complex by phosphorylating and inhibiting TSC2 and PRAS40 ( a well - established Akt substrate within the mTORC1 complex ) .
Thus ,
Akt inhibition decreases mTORC1 activity and promotes autophagy ( 20 ) .
In line with this idea , THC decreased the phosphorylation of Akt , TSC2 , and PRAS40 as well as p70S6 kinase and S6 ( Figure 4C ) .
This inhibition of the Akt / mTORC1 pathway was abrogated by incubation with a CB1 receptor antagonist ( Supplemental Figure 6C ) or a ceramide synthesis inhibitor ( Supplemental Figure 6D ) .
Likewise , cells overexpressing a myristoylated ( constitutively active ) form of Akt were resistant to THC - induced mTORC1 inhibition , autophagy , and cell death ( Figure 4D and Supplemental Figure 6 , E and F ) , further supporting that THC induces autophagy via Akt inhibition .
Since TRB3 has been shown to directly interact with and inhibit Akt ( 21 , 22 ) , we investigated whether upregulation of TRB3 was responsible for THC - induced Akt / mTORC1 inhibition .
Several observations support that this is indeed the case : ( a ) THC increased the amount of Akt coimmunoprecipitated with TRB3 from U87MG extracts ( Figure 4E ) , ( b ) knockdown of TRB3 prevented the effect of THC on Akt , TSC2 , PRAS - 40 , p70S6 kinase , and S6 phosphorylation ( Figure 4F ) , and ( c ) TRB3 overexpression decreased Akt , TSC2 , PRAS40 , p70S6 kinase , and S6 phosphorylation , enhanced the inhibitory effect of THC on the phosphorylation of these proteins , and promoted autophagy ( Figure 4G ) .
In line with these observations , THC failed to inhibit Akt , p70S6 kinase , and S6 phosphorylation of eIF2α S51A knockin or p8 - deficient MEFs , in which TRB3 did not become upregulated upon cannabinoid treatment ( Figure 4H and Supplemental Figure 6 , G and H ) .
Altogether , these data demonstrate that upregulation of p8 and TRB3 induce autophagy of tumor cells via inhibition of the Akt / mTORC1 pathway .
THC - induced autophagy promotes the apoptotic death of cancer cells .
While analyzing the mechanism of cannabinoid cell - killing action , we observed that incubation with the pan-caspase inhibitor ZVAD - fmk prevented cell death to the same extent as genetic ( Figure 5A ) or pharmacological ( Supplemental Figure 7 ) inhibition of autophagy .
Furthermore , Bax / Bak double knockout ( DKO ) immortalized MEFs , which are protected against mitochondrial apoptosis ( 23 ) , were resistant to THC - induced cell death and apoptosis ( Figure 5B ) but underwent eIF2α phosphorylation and autophagy ( Figure 5C ) upon THC treatment .
We therefore investigated whether cannabinoid - induced autophagy promoted the apoptotic death of cancer cells .
Time - course analysis of LC3 and active caspase - 3 immunostaining in U87MG cells revealed that autophagy preceded the appearance of apoptotic features in THC - treated cells ( Figure 5D ) .
In addition , selective knockdown of ATG1 ( Figure 5D ) as well as of AMBRA1 or ATG5 ( Supplemental Figure 8 ) prevented THC - induced caspase - 3 activation .
Moreover , unlike their wild - type counterparts , Atg5 - deficient immortalized MEFs did not undergo phosphatidylserine translocation to the outer leaflet of the plasma membrane ( Figure 5E ) , loss of mitochondrial membrane potential ( Figure 5 F ) , or increased production of reactive oxygen species ( Supplemental Figure 9 ) in response to cannabinoid treatment .
These findings indicate that activation of the autophagy - mediated cell death pathway occurs upstream of apoptosis in cannabinoid antitumoral action .
Figure 5 Autophagy is upstream of apoptosis in cannabinoid - induced cancer cell death .
( A ) Effect of THC and the pan-caspase inhibitor ZVAD ( 10 μM ) on the viability of Atg5 +/+ and Atg5– / – MEFs ( 36 h ; percentage of viable cells relative to the corresponding Atg5 +/+ vehicle - treated cells , mean ± SD ; n = 3 ) .
( B ) Effect of THC on the apoptosis of Bax / Bak WT and Bax / Bak DKO MEFs as determined by cytofluorometric analysis of Annexin V / propidium iodide ( PI ) ( 24 h ; mean ± SD ; n = 3 ) .
The mean ± SD percentage of Annexin V–positive / PI - positive and Annexin V–positive , PI - negative cells is shown in the upper and lower corners , respectively .
( C ) Effect of THC on eIF2α phosphorylation ( 3 h ; n = 3 ) and LC3 lipidation ( 18 h ; n = 4 ) of Bax / Bak WT and DKO MEFs .
( D ) Left : Effect of THC on autophagy and apoptosis of U87MG cells transfected with siC or siATG1 .
Green bars , cells with LC3 dots ; red bars , active caspase - 3 – positive cells ; white bars , cells with both LC3 dots and active caspase - 3 staining .
Data correspond to the percentage of cells with LC3 dots ( green bars ) , active caspase - 3 – positive cells ( red bars ) , and cells with LC3 dots and active caspse - 3 staining ( white bars ) relative to the total number of transfected cells at each time point ( mean ± SD ; n = 3 ) .
Right : Representative photomicrographs ( 36 h ; scale bar : 20 μm ) .
( E and F ) Effect of THC on apoptosis ( E ; 24 h ; n = 3 ) and loss of mitochondrial membrane potential as determined by DiOC 6 ( 3 ) staining ( F ; 24 h ; n = 4 ) of Atg5 +/+ and Atg5– / – MEFs .
In E , the mean ± SD percentage of Annexin V–positive / PI - positive and Annexin V–positive , PI - negative cells is shown in the upper and lower corners , respectively .
** P < 0.01 compared with THC - treated Atg5 +/+ ( A , E , and F ) and Bax / Bak WT ( B ) MEFs and from THC - treated , siC- transfected cells ( D ) .
Activation of autophagy is necessary for cannabinoid antitumoral action in vivo .
To determine the in vivo relevance of our findings , we first investigated whether THC promotes the activation of the above - described autophagy - mediated cell death pathway in U87MG cell–derived tumor xenografts , in which we have recently shown that cannabinoid treatment reduces tumor growth ( specifically , THC administration for 14 days decreased tumor growth by 50 % ; ref. 13 ) .
Analysis of these tumors revealed that cannabinoid administration increases TRB3 expression and decreases S6 phosphorylation ( Figure 6A ) .
Likewise , formation of LC3 dots as well as increase in LC3 - II and active caspase - 3 immunostaining were observed in THC - treated , but not vehicle - treated , tumors ( Figure 6B ) .
Figure 6 THC activates the autophagic cell death pathway in vivo .
( A ) Effect of peritumoral THC administration on TRB3 and p-S6 immunostaining in U87MG tumors .
TRB3 - or p -S6 –stained area normalized to the total number of nuclei in each section ; numbers indicate the mean fold change ± SD ; 18 sections were counted for each of 3 dissected tumors for each condition .
Scale bar : 50 μm. ( B ) Left : Effect of peritumoral THC administration on LC3 and active caspase - 3 immunostaining in U87MG tumors .
Arrows point to cells with LC3 dots .
The numbers indicate the percentage of active caspase - 3 –positive cells relative to the total number of nuclei in each section ± SD .
Ten sections were counted for each of 3 dissected tumors for each condition .
Scale bars : 20 μm. Right : Effect of peritumoral THC administration on LC3 lipidation in U87MG tumors .
Representative samples from 1 vehicle - treated and 1 THC - treated tumor are shown .
Numbers indicate the LC3 - I and LC3 - II OD values relative to vehicle - treated tumors ( mean ± SD ) .
n = 3 . ( C ) Left : Effect of THC administration on LC3 immunostaining ( green ) and TUNEL ( red ) in RasV12 / E1A p8 +/+ and p8– / – tumor xenografts .
Arrows point to cells with LC3 dots and TUNEL - positive nuclei .
Right : Bar graph shows the percentage of TUNEL - positive nuclei or cells with TUNEL - positive nuclei and LC3 dots relative to the total number of nuclei in each section ( mean ± SD ) .
Eighteen sections were counted from 3 dissected tumors for each condition .
Scale bars : 50 μm .
Inset shows the magnification of 1 selected cell ( arrows point to LC3 dots ; scale bar : 10 μm ) .
*P < 0.05 and **P < 0.01 compared with vehicle - treated tumors .
To further investigate whether activation of the p8 pathway mediates cannabinoid antitumoral action , we also analyzed tumors derived from p8 +/+ and p8– / – RasV12/E1A - transformed MEFs ( in this case , THC administration for 8 days decreased by 45 % the growth of p8 +/+ tumors but had no significant effect on p8– / – tumors ; ref. 13 ) .
THC treatment increased TRB3 expression , decreased S6 phosphorylation , and increased autophagy as well as TUNEL and active caspase - 3 immunostaining in p8 +/+ but not p8 – / – tumors ( Figure 6C and Supplemental Figure 10 ) .
Moreover , THC treatment enhanced the number of cells with LC3 dots and TUNEL - positive nuclei in p8 +/+ but not in p8 – / – tumors ( Figure 6C ) .
In order to verify the importance of autophagy for cannabinoid antitumoral action , we next generated tumors with Atg5 +/+ and Atg5– / – RasV12/ T- large antigen transformed MEFs .
THC administration reduced by more than 80 % the growth of tumors derived from wild - type cells but had no significant effect on those tumors generated by autophagy - deficient cells ( Figure 7A ) .
Furthermore , cannabinoid administration increased autophagy , TUNEL ( Figure 7B ) , and active caspase - 3 immunostaining ( Supplemental Figure 11 ) in Atg5 +/+ but not Atg5 – / – tumors .
Likewise , cannabinoid administration increased the number of cells with LC3 dots and TUNEL - positive nuclei in Atg5 +/+ but not Atg5 – / – tumors ( Figure 7B ) .
Taken together , these findings demonstrate that activation of the autophagy - mediated cell death pathway is indispensable for cannabinoid antitumoral action .
Figure 7 Autophagy is essential for cannabinoid antitumoral action .
( A ) Effect of peritumoral THC administration on the growth of Atg5 +/+ ( upper panel ) and Atg5– / – ( lower panel ) RasV12/ T- large antigen MEF tumor xenografts generated in nude mice ( mean ± SD ; n = 7 for each condition ) .
Photographs show representative images of vehicle - and THC - treated tumors .
( B ) Left : Effect of THC administration on LC3 immunostaining ( green ) and apoptosis as determined by TUNEL ( red ) in Atg5 +/+ and Atg5– / – MEF tumor xenografts .
Representative images from 1 vehicle - treated and 1 THC - treated Atg5 +/+ and Atg5 – / – tumors are shown .
Right : Bar graphs show the percentage of TUNEL - positive nuclei and cells with TUNEL - positive nuclei and LC3 dots relative to the total number of nuclei in each section ( mean ± SD ) .
Eighteen sections were counted from 3 dissected tumors for each condition ( vehicle - treated and THC - treated ) .
Scale bar : 50 μm. ( C ) Schematic of the proposed mechanism of THC - induced cell death ( see text for details ) .
** P < 0.01 compared with vehicle - treated tumors .
Finally , we analyzed the tumors of 2 patients enrolled in a clinical trial aimed at investigating the effect of THC on recurrent glioblastoma multiforme .
The patients were subjected to intracranial THC administration , and biopsies were taken before and after the treatment ( 11 ) .
In the 2 patients , cannabinoid inoculation increased TRB3 immunostaining and decreased S6 phosphorylation ( Figure 8A ) .
Interestingly , the number of cells with autophagic phenotype ( Figure 8B ) as well as with active caspase - 3 immunostaining ( Figure 8C ) was increased in the tumor samples obtained after THC treatment .
Although these studies were only conducted in specimens from 2 patients , they are in line with the preclinical evidence shown above and suggest that cannabinoid administration might also trigger autophagy - mediated cell death in human tumors .
In the interview , Mr. Holder said he was sending an additional 100 agents from the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives to the southern border to crack down on the so - called straw gun purchases — in which one person submits to the federal background checks to obtain guns for someone else — that fuel much of the southbound smuggling .
And with marijuana sales central to the drug trade , Mr. Holder said he was exploring ways to lower the minimum amount required for the federal prosecution of possession cases .
http://www.nytimes.com/...
The above , along with Obama 's recent downplaying of marijuana activism , is an outrageous example of the disconnect that still exists , even with all of our efforts , between Washington , D.C. and the people of the United States .
According to the government 's own surveys on issues relating to drug use , 56.7 % of people between the age of 18 and 28 have tried marijuana .
This is an important number to keep in mind for multiple reasons .
Arrests and prosecutions on this segment of society for an activity such as marijuana smoking can have disastrous consequences .
You can lose your federal financial aid , go to jail , pay huge fines , and lose your chances of being a taxpaying member of society in a well - paying professional job .
Of course , none of these penalties apply for the possession of a legal drug that kills you by destroying your liver , causes you to lose coordination , pass out and die , or could possibly lead to drunk driving deaths .
This is with the status quo ... but what AG Holder is proposing goes far beyond that .
Felony possession cases waste a notoriously large amount of money and time spent prosecuting someone who simply had in his possession a plant he planned to smoke for personal use .
Because felony prosecutions are more often associated with jail time , that will be 30,000 dollars a year spent to house inmates only in jail because they sought to do what Barack Obama , Michael Phelps , Carl Sagan , Francis Crick , and many other names of similar prestige did in their own free time .
To make matters worse , though , is that a felony prosecution case results in the loss of your right to vote in many of the states where marijuana is not decriminalized , such as my home state of Louisiana .
This is unacceptable to my sensibilities , and I hope it is unacceptable to yours as well .
When we talk about this policy being so destructive to the well - being of our society , we try to look at this issue from many different angles .
One very important thing to realize is the huge amount of revenue that would be generated through the legalization of marijuana .
According to The Economic Costs of Drug Abuse in the United States , Office of National Drug Control Policy ( Dec 2004 ) , Table C - 3 , It would appear that we spend 40 billion to incarcerate drug abusers every year .
Furthermore , we lose 36 billion dollars every year in " other costs , " taken from Table C - 4 in the same report .
A large portion of this is from marijuana related crimes , like growing , dealing , and possessing marijuana .
That 's 76 billion dollars in costs .
Imagine what we could do with a reduction of 76 billion dollars in cost to the government ?
To those of you on the fence about legalization , what is your pet issue ?
What can 76 billion dollars do for that issue ?
Think about 76 billion dollars spent in health care , or in child development , or in raising the salary of school teachers , or in scientific research ... the possibilities are endless !
And all of this completely ignores the revenue that marijuana would generate
California NORML estimates that a legal market for marijuana could yield the state $ 1.5 - $ 2.5 billion .
A basic $ 1 per joint excise tax would yield about $ 1 billion to the state , while the state would save over $ 150 million in enforcement costs for arrests , prosecutions and prison .
Additional benefits would accrue from sales taxes and spinoff industries .
Total retail sales of marijuana would be on the order of $ 3 - $ 5 billion , with total economic impact of $ 8 - $ 13 billion including spinoff industries such as coffeehouses , tourism , and industrial hemp .
This is just from California alone .
I believe that if we do decide to legalize marijuana , we will see many benefits :
1 - It will instantly provide a multibillion dollar industry to the united states .
The state that legalizes will experience a big boom in their economy in just a few days .
2 - Medical users could then smoke freely instead of taking pain medicines that are damaging to their health .
3 - Non-medical users that smoke will face less liver - toxicity if they take when they have a headache than eating tylenol .
4 - 30,000 dollars a year is spent to keep a prisoner in prison .
More if it is in a federal penetentiary , where several marijuana growers are spending hard time .
Legalizing not only will provide an instant gain in the money that it normally costs to keep these people in prison , but will turn them into taxpaying members of society , or hell , maybe even entrepreneurs .
5 - It will reduce many billions of dollars that we spend fighting corruption in the United States caused by the mexican drug cartels , and the drug cartels themselves .
6 - It will reduce the national security concerns of the above as well .
7 - Hemp will be a big industry .
Hemp will bring in much more money than other paper sources .
8 - Marijuana is good for the environment .
It produces a lot of oxygen , and it is much more quickly grown than pine forests , which face heavy deforestation every year .
It is a very renewable source of paper and tough fiber .
9 - It will make the people feel good about their government not intruding on their lives unjustly .
10 - Imagine the sort of coffeeshops , smoke bars , paraphernalia , etc ... the peripheral market for marijuana will be amazing .
11 - It will eliminate 60 % of the violent mexican drug cartel 's funding directly .
The other 40 % , cocaine , will be significantly reduced due to the virtual death of the black market centering around marijuana .
12 - It will draw people away from alcohol and cigarettes , which are much more dangerous and deadly .
13 - Marijuana is actually carcino - suppressive , cuts your chances of getting lung cancer in half , and is neuro - protective , meaning that people who do drink on marijuana will possibly see less brain damage .
Furthermore , as in point 12 , who would drink all day when you could smoke weed all day ?
We may see less people drink alcohol as a result .
14 - It costs 500 dollars every time we arrest someone for Marijuana .
That does not take into account all of the maintainence programs , drug rehab programs that we pay for when they are on probation , drug testing , and constant purchasing of equipment meant to find marijuana growers .
This will save billions of dollars in legalization .
There is no doubt that the public perception on this issue is changing , and changing fast .
People want to see better drug laws , especially when it comes to marijuana .
It is no longer a complete political liability to speak about marijuana like we are doing right now .
Just a few days ago , I was watching MSNBC at 1:00 when they reported on a drug bust of 5000 pounds of high quality marijuana .
A long time ago , you 'd simply hear a congratulations to the police , some quip about how the streets are safer , and they 'd move to the next issue .
Instead , Contessa Brewer 's first comment was about how much revenue could be raised if all of that was taxed .
So what can you do about the situation ?
Well , anything !
Just talk to people about your feelings on the issue , and hell , even if you are against it , engage in open debate and open discussion .
This is something that our nation absolutely needs to talk about .
Most of all , though , do what you can to make it clear to the powers that be that we will no tolerate a backstep in the war on drugs in the form of increased possession prosecutions .
" The prestige of government has undoubtedly been lowered considerably by the prohibition law .
For nothing is more destructive of respect for the government and the law of the land than passing laws which can not be enforced .
It is an open secret that the dangerous increase of crime in this country is closely connected with this . "
Albert Einstein , " My First Impression of the U.S.A. " , 1921
Update : Rec list !
Thank you guys so much for caring about this issue .
Its about time we take stronger stands on marijuana legislation and prosecution .
Remember what Gandhi said ,
" first they ignore you , then they ridicule you , then they fight you , then you win . "
They are finally fighting us .
Update : Thank Nate Silver at 538 for taking this issue up today as well .
In his diary , he posts a graph showing a breakdown of marijuana use by age .
For the full analysis , go check out his post here :
http://www.fivethirtyeight.com/...
Here 's an excerpt :
Linuxカーネル やRuby on Rails 、Perlなど、近年多くの大規模プロジェクトで採用されているバージョン管理システムが「Git」だ。Gitには非常に多数のコマンドが用意されているが、日常的に使用するコマンドは20個程度と言われている。本記事では、Gitを使いこなすために覚えるべき20個のGit基本コマンドを紹介する。
Linuxカーネル やRuby on Rails 、Perlなど、近年多くの大規模プロジェクトで採用されているバージョン管理システムが「Git」だ。Gitには非常に多数のコマンドが用意されているが、日常的に使用するコマンドは20個程度と言われている。本記事では、Gitを使いこなすために覚えるべき20個のGit基本コマンドを紹介する。
なお 、Gitの基本的な考え方や使い方については分散バージョン管理システムGit入門でも紹介しているので、そちらも参照してほしい。
リポジトリの作成およびメンテナンスに利用するコマンド
コマン ド1 ： 「 git init」－リポジトリを作成する
Gitを利用するには、まずリポジトリの作成が必要だ。リポジトリ作成を行うコマンドは「 git init 」である。リポジトリを作成したいディレクトリでこのコマンドを実行すると.gitディレクトリが作成され、Gitリポジトリの管理ファイル等がここに作成される。
$ cd ＜リポジトリを作成するディレクトリ＞ $ git init
コラム ：Gitが利用する管理ファイル Gitの管理ファイルは.gitディレクトリ内に保存される。このディレクトリ内にはさまざまなファイルが格納されるが、通常これらのファイルの存在を意識する必要はない。また、リポジトリの各種設定は.git/configファイル内に記録される。Gitには各種設定を行う「git config」コマンドが用意されているが、このファイルを手動で変更することでも設定変更が可能だ。
コマン ド2 ： 「 git clone」－既存のリポジトリの複製を作る
リポジトリの複製を行うに は「 Git clone 」コマンドを利用する。このコマンドは既存のリポジトリからローカルにファイルをコピーして作業用のリポジトリを作成する、といった場合などに利用する。
$ cd ＜リポジトリを作成するディレクトリ＞ $ git clone ＜複製したいリポジトリ のURL ＞
リポジトリ のURLは表1のような形式で指定する。
表 1 Gitで利用できるリポジト リURL プロトコル 指定方法 rsync rsync://＜ホスト名＞/＜Gitリポジトリのパス＞
HTTP http://＜ホスト名＞[:ポート番号]/＜Gitリポジトリのパス＞ HTTPS
https://＜ホスト名＞[:ポート番号]/＜Gitリポジトリのパス＞ git git://＜ホスト名＞[:ポート番号]/＜Gitリポジトリのパス＞ SSH ssh://[ユーザー名@ ]＜ホスト名＞[:ポート番号]/＜Gitリポジトリのパス＞ ローカルファイル ＜ Gitリポジトリのパス＞もしくはfile://＜Gitリポジトリのパス＞
また、作成するディレクトリ名を指定することもできる。
$ git clone ＜複製したいリポジトリ のURL ＞ ＜作成するディレクトリ ＞
git cloneはリポジトリの履歴情報までも含めてリポジトリを複製するため、大規模なプロジェクトの場合は多くのファイルを取得/コピーしなければならないことがある。もし最新のソースファイルを取得する目的のみで使用し、ソースファイルの修正を行わない場合は、「–depth」オプションで取得するリビジョン数を指定するとよい。
たとえば最新リビジョンだけを取得したい場合、「 –depth
1 」と指定する。
$ git clone -- depth 1 ＜複製したいリポジトリ のURL ＞
コマン ド3 ： 「 git fsck」－リポジトリの正当性チェックを行う
リポジトリがもし破損した可能性がある場合、「git fsck」で破損している個所を検出できる。
$ git fsck
また、完全なチェックを行うには「 –full」オプションを付けてgit fsckを実行する。
$ git fsck -- full
コラム ：Gitの 「 danglingオブジェクト 」 「 git fsck」では、 「 danglingオブジェクト」と呼ばれるテンポラリオブジェクトも検出される。danglingオブジェクトはリポジトリに変更を加える際に作成される中間ファイルのようなもので、たとえば「git add」で追加したファイルに別の変更を加えてコミットした場合などに残されるものだ。このファイルはストレージ容量を消費するものの、残っていても大きな害はないため、無視して構わない。また、後述の「git gc」コマンドを実行することで、一定期間（デフォルトでは2週間）よりも前に作成されたdanglingオブジェクトを破棄することができる。
コマン ド4 ： 「 git gc」－リポジトリ内の不要なオブジェクトを削除し、最適化を行う
「 git gc」コマンドは、リポジトリ内のオブジェクトの圧縮（pack）や不要なオブジェクトの破棄などを行うものだ。これによってリポジトリが使用するストレージ容量を減らせるだけでなく、パフォーマンスの向上も期待できる。頻繁に実行する必要はないが、大量のコミットやマージを行った場合などには実行するとよいだろう。
$ git gc
作業ツリーやブランチを操作・管理するコマンド
コマンド5 ： 「 git status」－変更が加えられたファイルを表示する
コマンド6 ： 「 git diff」－ファイルに加えられた変更点をdiff形式で表示する
コマンド7 ： 「 git add」－コミットするファイルを指定する
コマン ド8 ： 「 git commit」－変更点をコミットする
リポジトリに新たにファイルを追加したり、変更を加えたファイルを指定するのに利用するコマンドが「git add」だ。どのファイルが追加/変更されたのかは、「git status」で確認できる。git statusを実行すると、次の例のように追加/変更されたファイルの情報が表示される。
$ git status #
On branch master # Changed but not updated : # ( use " git add < file > ... " to update what will be committed ) # # modified : HBPreferencesTransFormer.h # modified : HBPreferencesTransFormer.m
# no changes added to commit ( use " git add " and / or " git commit - a " )
特定のファイルにどのような変更が加えられたかは「git diff」コマンドで確認できる。
$ git diff ＜変更を確認したいファイル ＞
変更点を保存するには、git addコマンドで対象とするファイルを指定したのちに「git commit」コマンドを実行する。
$ git add ＜追加 / 変更したファイル1 ＞ ＜追加/変更したファイル2＞ ... $ git commit
また、git commitを 「-a」オプションを付けて実行すると変更が加えられたファイルを自動検出してコミットできる。ただし、この場合新規に作成されたファイルはコミット対象にはならない。
$ git commit -a
通常、git commitコマンドを実行するとエディタが起動してコメントメッセージの入力が求められる。エディタを起動したくない場合は「-m」オプションでメッセージを指定すればよい。
$ git commit -m " ＜コミットメッセージ ＞ "
コマンド9 ： 「 git log」－コミットログを閲覧する
「 git log」でリポジトリのコミットログを閲覧できる。コミットログは新しいものから順に表示され、次の実行例のようにそれぞれのコミットについてそのコミットを表すハッシュ値とコミット者、タイムスタンプ、コメントが表示される。
$ git log commit 0b70750bdf9b02597741301c695ff46bc75036d4 Author : hoge < hoge@users.sourceforge.jp >
Date : Thu Mar 12 19:47:31 2009 +0900 Cleaning codes and convert TAB to space .
commit 769735 fbce0a0a23a2b7547003d43518b4ec96f3 Author : hoge < hoge@users.sourceforge.jp >
Date : Thu Mar 12 19:43:09 2009 +0900
Cleaning code , and add comments ： ：
コラム ：Gitのコミットはリビジョンでなくハッシュで管理される CVSやSubversionではコミットを「リビジョン」という数値で管理するが、Gitの場合コミットをハッシュ文字列で管理している。たとえば特定のファイルをその過去のバージョンと比較する、といった場合、どのバージョンのファイルと比較するかはハッシュ文字列で指定する。なお、ハッシュ文字列でコミットを指定する場合、必ずしもすべてを入力する必要はなく、そのコミットを一意に特定できる先頭数桁を入力すれば良い。
また、コミットの指定はハッシュだけでなく後述の「ショートネーム」と呼ばれるエイリアスのようなもので指定することも可能だ。
コマン ド10 ： 「 git reset」－直前のコミットを取り消す
コミット後に小さなミスなどに気付いた場合などに便利なのが「git reset」だ。たとえばコミット後に「git reset – soft HEAD^」と実行すると、直前に行ったコミットを取り消すことができる。
$ git reset -- soft HEAD ^
この場合、作業ツリーの内容はコミット時のままで「コミットした」ということだけが取り消される。もし作業ツリーに加えた変更点までも取り消したい場合は、「–soft」の代わりに「–hard」を指定すればよい、
また、コミットされていた内容は「 ORIG_HEAD」という名前で参照できる。これを利用して、次のように実行することで現在の状態とコミットされていた状態の差分を表示できる。
$ git diff ORIG_HEAD
修正後に再度コミットを行うには、下記のようにする。これを実行すると、先に入力したコミットメッセージを再編集してコミットが行える。
$ git commit - a -c ORIG_HEAD
なお、git commitに 「 –amend」オプションを付けて実行することで、直前に行っていたコミットを訂正することができる。
$ git commit （コミット後にミスに気付き、ミスを修正） $ git commit -- amend （先に行ったコミットが、ミスを修正したものに置き換えられる）
上記の操作は、次のような操作とほぼ同一の働きをする。
$ git commit $ git reset -- soft HEAD ^ （コミット後にミスに気付き、コミットを取り消し） （ミスを修正） $ git commit -c ORIG_HEAD
コマン ド11 ： 「 git revert」－作業ツリーを指定したコミット時点の状態にまで戻す
「 git revert 」 は作業ツリーを指定したコミット時点の状態にまで戻し、コミットを行うコマンドである。引数にはコミットを指定するハッシュ文字列もしくはタグ名などを指定する。
$ git revert ＜コミット名 ＞
git revertはgit resetと似ているが、作業ツリーを差し戻したという情報が作業履歴に残るのが異なる点だ。
ブランチを作成/管理するコマンド
コマン ド12 ： 「 git branch」－ブランチ情報の表示およびブランチの作成
コマン ド13 ： 「 git checkout 」 －ブランチの切り替え
コマン ド14 ： 「 git show - branch」－ブランチの作成/変更/マージ履歴を表示
現在のソースツリーを元に新たなブランチを作成するには、「git branch」を使用する。また、操作対象とするブランチを切り替えるには、「git checkout 」を使用する。
たとえば、新たに「 temp01」というブランチを作成し、以後このブランチで作業を行うには次のようにする。
$ git branch temp01 $ git branch * master temp01 $ git checkout temp01 Switched to branch " temp01 " $ git branch master * temp01
なお、git checkout に
「-b」オプションを付けて実行すると、新たにブランチを作成してそのブランチに切り替える、という作業が一発で行える。たとえば、「git checkout -b temp01」は、次の2つのコマンドを順に実行した場合と同じ結果になる。
$ git branch temp01 $ git checkout temp01
どのブランチがどのブランチを元に作られたか、という情報は「git show - branch」で確認できる。git show-branchでは次の例のような出力を行うが、前半の「—」までがブランチ履歴、「—」から後半が最近のコミット履歴を表している。
$ git show - branch ! [ master ] add script merging google anal .'s log and OTP 's log .
! [ temp01 ]
Cleaning codes and convert TAB to space .
* [ temp02 ]
Cleaning codes and convert TAB to space .
--- +* [ temp01 ]
Cleaning codes and convert TAB to space .
+* [ temp01 ^ ]
Cleaning code , and add comments ++* [ master ] add script merging google anal .'s log and OTP 's log .
前半部分ではブランチが階層構造で表示されており、「*」が付いている行が現在の作業ブランチになる。また、［］内の文字列はそれぞれのコミット単位を表すショートネームだ。この例では、「master」から「temp01」ブランチが作成され、さらに「temp01」から「temp02」ブランチが作成されたことが分かる。
コマン ド15 ： 「 git merge」－ローカルブランチのマージを行う
「 git merge」は、現在の作業ブランチに別のブランチで行われた変更点を取り込むコマンドだ。
$ git merge ＜変更点の取り込み元ブランチ ＞
マージが成功した場合はそのままコミットも行われる。いっぽう、競合が発生したファイルには下記のような形式で競合している個所にマーカーが埋め込まれる。
<<<<<<< ＜ブランチ名＞:＜ファイル名＞ ＜作業中ブランチの内容＞ ======= ＜変更点の取り込み元（マージ元）ブランチの内容＞ >>>>>>>
＜ブランチ名＞:＜ファイル名＞
たとえば、下記は「 markup.pl」というファイルに対してマージを行い、競合が発生した例である。「<<<<<<< HEAD:markup.pl」から「=======」までが作業ブランチ内のmarkup.plに記述されていたもので、「=======」から 「 >>>>>>>
e74597cbfdb9995e540ca9e8c8a6e79705e2889c:markup.pl」までがマージ元ブランチ内のmarkup.plに記述されていたものとなる。
sub ulist { if ( $ l =~ m/^☆( リスト.*) $/ ) { $ cap = $ 1 ; } <<<<<<< HEAD:markup.pl print " < ul >
" ; while ( $l =~ m/^・/ ) { $ l =~ s/^・(.*) $ /< li>$1<\/li>/ ; print " foo :$l
" ; $l = <> ; ======= print " < p >< b>$ cap</b></p>
" ; print list_start ( $ cap ) ; while ( $ l = <> ) { >>>>>>>
e74597cbfdb9995e540ca9e8c8a6e79705e2889c:markup.pl chomp $ l ; $l =~ s/&/&/g ; $l =~ s/</</g ; $l =~ s/>/>/g ; }
なお競合が発生した場合、このマーカーを取り除いて競合を解消するか、もしくはマージを取り消すまでコミットが行えないので注意してほしい。
コマン ド16 ： 「 git tag」－コミットにタグを付ける
Gitではコミットをハッシュ文字列で管理しているため、ユーザー側から見るとどの文字列がどのコミットを表しているのか分かりにくい。「git tag」は、直前のコミットに対して分かりやすい別名（タグ）を付けるコマンドだ。
$ git tag ＜タグ名 ＞
タグ名を指定せずにgit tagを実行すると、現在のリポジトリ内にあるタグを確認できる。
$ git tag rev1 （「 re v1 」 というタグを付ける） $ git tag （タグを確認する） rev1
コマン ド17 ： 「 git stash」－現在の作業ツリーの状態を一時的に保管する
現在の作業中の状態をコミットせずに、一時的にほかのブランチに対して作業を行いたい、という場合に役立つのが、「git stash」コマンドだ。このコマンドでは、現在の作業ツリーの状態を一時的に保存しておくことができる。
$ git stash ＜保存名もしくはコメントなど ＞
git stashの実行後は、git checkoutなどで作業したいブランチをチェックアウトすればよい。作業の完了後作業中だった作業ツリーを再度呼び出すには、元のブランチをチェックアウトしてから「 git stash pop」コマンドを実行する。また、 「 git stash list 」 を実行すると、一時保存されている作業ツリーが一覧表示される。
$ git stash list $ git stash pop
コマン ド18 ： 「 git rebase」－ブランチの派生元（上流）を変更する
「 git rebase 」 は 、 「 ブランチの派生元を変更する」という、CVSやSubversionにはなかったユニークな機能である。git rebaseがどのような処理を行うかは次の図1を参照してほしいが、簡単に言えばあるブランチに対して行った変更点を、派生元のより新しいリビジョンのものに適用するものだ。
図 1 「 git rebase 」のイメー ジ
図1の例の場合、ブランチAから派生したブランチBに対して、「変更α」と「変更β」、「変更γ」という3回のコミットを行っている。また、ブランチBを作成したのち、ブランチAには複数のコミットが行われている。このような状態でブランチBに対し「 get rebase ブラン チA」を実行すると、ブラン チAの最新版に対して、ブランチBを作成してからブランチBの最新版までの間に加えられた変更（この場合変更αと変更β、変更γ）が適用され、それがブランチBの最新版となる。
git rebaseを利用するには、作業を行いたいブランチで次のように実行すればよい。
$ git rebase ＜派生元ブランチ ＞
このとき、もし競合が発生すればgit mergeの場合と同様に競合点がマーカーとともにファイルに記載される。また、「git rebase –abort」でrebaseを取り消すこともできる。
ほかのリポジトリとの連携を行うコマンド
コマン ド19 ： 「 git pull」－ほかのリポジトリの変更点をローカルリポジトリにマージする
ほかのリポジトリで加えられた変更点を現在のブランチにマージするには、「git pull」コマンドを利用する。
$ git pull ＜変更点の取り込み元リポジトリ ＞
変更点の取り込み元リポジトリは、git cloneの場合と同様にURLで指定する（表1）。また、git cloneコマンドで作成したリポジトリの場合、.git/config内の「remote」項目などに複製元リポジトリのURLが自動的に記録されるため、複製元リポジトリからpullを行う場合は下記のように取り込み元リポジトリを指定しなくとも実行できる。
$ git pull
コマン ド20 ： 「 git push 」 －公開リポジトリに自分のリポジトリの内容を送信する
git pullはほかのリポジトリの内容を自分のリポジトリに取り込むものだったが、逆に自分のリポジトリの内容をほかのリポジトリ（一般的には公開リポジトリ）に送信して取り込ませるコマンドが「 git push 」である 。
git push の引数には、送信先のリポジト リURL と送信するブランチ、送信先ブランチを指定する。
$ git push ＜送信先リポジトリ＞ ＜送信するブランチ＞ :＜送信先ブランチ＞
送信先ブランチを指定しなかった場合は、送信するブランチと同じブランチを指定したものとみなされる。また、送信先ブランチが送信先リポジトリに存在しない場合はそのブランチが作成される。
Roland Burris's Monument to Me
Roland Burris , the man Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich picked to succeed Barack Obama in the Senate , might get to etch another accolade into the monument he built for himself if this appointment goes through .
You see , Burris has already charted his esteemed career path on the walls of his future grave in Chicago 's Oak Woods Cemetery ( pictured here ) .
Beneath a seal of the state of Illinois , Burris lists his accomplishments to date , and there seems to be plenty of room above the bench to mention his career in the Senate - if he has one .
( CNN ) -- David Lance Arneson , who helped trigger the global phenomenon of role - playing games as co-inventor of " Dungeons & Dragons , " has died at the age of 61 .
A statement on the game 's official Web site , wizards.com , said Arneson died Tuesday evening " after waging one final battle against cancer . "
Arneson " developed many of the fundamental ideas of role playing : that each player controls just one hero , that heroes gain power through adventures , and that personality is as important as combat prowess , " the statement said .
The game 's co-creator , Gary Gygax , died last year .
In 1974 , Arneson and Gygax created " Dungeons & Dragons , " which allowed players to assume roles in a magical world .
They could be fighters or wizards , elves or dwarfs .
" As characters journey through various lands , they search for hidden treasures while battling menacing monsters with their own brains and brawn , " a description on wizards.com says .
Some games would last days or weeks -- or even longer .
" Game campaigns are as limitless as the player 's imaginations , " wizards.com says .
What began as a hand - assembled print run of 1,000 games quickly sold out .
Young people all over the world started buying up the game .
By 1982 , sales broke the $ 20 million mark .
Arneson filed a series of lawsuits against Gygax insisting he was not being given credit or proper royalties for his work creating the game .
The suits were settled .
" Dungeons and Dragons " spawned video games , novels , a cartoon , and a movie .
The franchise saw a surge this decade after " The Lord of the Rings " and " Harry Potter " movies took off .
All About Games
My book collection , and what I think of them ...
Caution , possible spoilers !
A handful of studies have shown that those who download music illegally actually buy more through legal channels .
But why ?
Are pirates really this generous or could it be that this is just a side - effect of the failing music industry ?
In the past we ’ve documented studies that showed how the majority of artists sell more music thanks to piracy and that those who download ( more ) also buy more .
Last week another study was added to this ever growing list , arguing that pirates are 10 times more likely to buy music than those who do n’t .
So why do pirates buy more music ?
The simplest explanation for this finding might be that people who are not interested in music do n’t have the need to pirate or buy it .
I have to agree that it ’s not the the sexiest , most controversial or inspiring answer , but it does tell us something about the core of the piracy ‘ problem ’ .
The real reason is in fact very simple .
The true music enthusiasts simply want to consume , sample and discover as much new music as they possibly can , and the most straightforward and convenient way to do this is through file - sharing networks .
Music pirates are just regular consumers really , and they love music just as much as anyone else .
Music fans share more .
Although I personally believe that the ability to sample music through file - sharing has a positive effect on music sales , much of the correlation between piracy and sales is simply caused by a third factor – a passion for music .
This is one of the main reasons why most users of music oriented BitTorrent sites love an initiative such as Spotify where they have access to one of the largest music libraries online .
Although piracy can breed consumers , it ’s generally happens the other way around .
The Internet has freed music and the music labels ’ greed and abuse of copyright is the only barrier that stands between the artists and millions of potential fans .
Creative business models where consumers have instant access to unprotected and high quality music are the future .
The labels of course fail to see this all too obvious connection and continue to exploit their acquired ( copy ) rights .
They would rather pump yet more millions into overpaid pro-copyright lobbyists and expensive lawyers trying to keep their outdated business model alive – the model where the artist gets 1 to 10 % of the total music sales while the labels are filling their pockets .
No wonder the passionate music fans flee to BitTorrent .
What we can learn from the studies is that true music fans buy and pirate more music .
The labels are fighting against those who generate a large chunk – perhaps even the largest – of their yearly revenue .
The labels should understand that piracy is merely a signal that they are on the wrong track .
The Internet makes it possible to offer unlimited access to music cheaply with virtually no production and distribution costs .
Unlimited access is exactly what most consumers want .
It ’s an opportunity not a threat .
HONG KONG 
Reversing its role as the world ’s fastest - growing buyer of United States Treasuries and other foreign bonds , the Chinese government actually sold bonds heavily in January and February before resuming purchases in March , according to data released during the weekend by China ’s central bank .
China ’s foreign reserves grew in the first quarter of this year at the slowest pace in nearly eight years , edging up $ 7.7 billion , compared with a record increase of $ 153.9 billion in the same quarter last year .
China has lent vast sums to the United States  roughly two - thirds of the central bank ’s $ 1.95 trillion in foreign reserves are believed to be in American securities .
But the Chinese government now finances a dwindling percentage of new American mortgages and government borrowing .
In the last two months , Premier Wen Jiabao and other Chinese officials have expressed growing nervousness about their country ’s huge exposure to America ’s financial well - being .
The Nintendo DSi launched over the weekend with some new technologies , such as a built - in camera for face - detection games and a long - awaited online store .
We love handheld consoles , so we thought we ’d take some time to reflect on their rich past .
Here is a visual reflection on 11 of our favorite handheld consoles of yesteryear , from the Milton Bradley Microvision to the Nintendo DSi .
Microvision by Milton Bradley ( 1979 )
For every great technological leap , there ’s got to be one product that bites the dust ahead of its time .
The Microvision , which played games such as Phaser Strike and Friday the 13th , only lasted two years .
Game Boy by Nintendo ( 1989 )
And then , there ’s always one product that defines the revolution .
Despite the console ’s technical deficiencies , the Game Boy and its successors were the envy of the console market for years to come .
Lynx by Atari ( 1989 )
Props to Atari for creating the world ’s first color handheld , but good luck trying to name any games for it off - hand .
The next item on this list was the nail in Lynx ’s coffin .
Game Gear by Sega ( 1991 )
The luxury of color and built - in backlighting meant instant schoolyard fame in a sea of pea green screens with clip - on accessories .
Six hours of battery life be damned , the Game Gear was awesome .
Nomad by Sega ( 1995 )
If Sega had created its portable Genesis / Mega Drive player during those consoles ’ heyday , the Nomad might ’ve had a chance .
It ’s still a cool idea , though .
Neo Geo Pocket ( 1998 )
SNK ’s foray into handhelds was cursed at every turn .
The original Pocket never made it out of Japan and Hong Kong before being replaced by the Pocket Color , which had to endure the sale of SNK to a Japanses pachinko company .
Got to love those Neo Geo games , such as Samurai Shodown , though .
Game Boy Advance ( 2001 )
The leap to 32 - bit was another fruitful move for Nintendo .
Console enjoys great success .
Yawn .
N - Gage by Nokia ( 2003 )
This console / phone / media player / Swiss Army knife was so overhyped , despite its egregious $ 300 price tag , it deserved to sell only 5,000 units on launch week .
With poor games and poor controls , the N - Gage did nothing right .
Good riddance .
Playstation Portable by Sony ( 2004 )
While Sony is lagging behind Nintendo in the handheld game , the PSP respects traditional handheld design and offers some solid features such as Internet and multimedia support .
Plus , it gives the fanboys something else to debate over .
Nintendo DS ( 2004 )
The reason we ’re here today .
Doubted at first for its unconventional touch screen and regular screen combo , the DS breathed new life into Nintendo , going on to sell over 100 million units .
Nintendo DSi ( 2009 )
Finally falling into the hands of the public this weekend , the Nintendo DSi is an evolutionary step forward for gaming giant Nintendo .
It includes a built - in digital camera , wi-fi connectivity and social elements that make it not just a competitor to the PSP and other handheld games , but the iPhone and iPod Touch as well thanks to a focus on downloadable apps .
The Teabagger King attacked President Obama because he actually shook hands with Hugo Chavez and tried to make into an international ordeal except only his teabagging compatriots bought into his lies .
ABC News did a little digging and found this on Newt 's own website .
On NBC's " Today " show this morning , Gingrich criticized what he called a " weakness " in the emerging Obama foreign policy , saying that the pictures of Obama and Chavez will be used to demonstrate that Obama is " friends " with an anti-American regime .
Asked specifically about whether there 's a value to having a diplomatic relationship with an enemy , like the US did with the Soviet Union and China during the Cold War , Gingrich said :
" We did n't rush over , smile and greet Russian dictators .
We understood who they were .
I 'm not against him talking to Chavez .
But I think you ought to talk to Chavez in a cold and distant way . "
But Gingrich sounded a bit different about the potential political value of laughter when talking about his political idol , Ronald Reagan .
As recounted in a recent interview highlighted on Gingrich 's own Web site , Gingrich fondly recalled the way that Reagan shared jokes with Mikhail Gorbachev .
In the interview , Gingrich refers to a favorite picture with himself and the late president : " One of the most memorable [ moments ] is actually a picture hanging on the wall of my family room .
The two of us are on Air Force One .
We 're both in shirtsleeves .
We both have our arms crossed and we 're laughing .
We 're laughing because Reagan has told another joke .
Reagan collected jokes , particularly about the Soviet Union . "
Gingrich recalled a joke about " the man who tells a reporter , ' I have as much freedom in the Soviet Union as I have in Washington . '
The reporter says , ' What do you mean ? '
He says , ' Well , I can get up in front of the Kremlin and I can say that Ronald Reagan is doing a terrible job .
And I can get in front of the White House and say Ronald Reagan is doing a terrible job .
See , I 'm totally free . ' . . . .
Reagan told those stories to Gorbachev . "
Posted by Sir Cucumber at on Wednesday , January 28 , 2009
Editors note : RPtheOG from Accounting is back , baby , and the views expressed in his posts by do not necessarily reflect that of the Resigned Gamer Brothers .
In fact , we think he 's got magic ponies flying out his gawping ( and we do mean with a W ) asshole and remember when we could n't buy a bad game if we tried compared with today having to crawl on our hands and knees upon GameStop 's mildewy carpet in the most - often futile hope of finding a title we 'd consider more than mediocre ... That and you can't trust anyone who plays Madden .
But talk amongst yourselves .
Back in the days of Pong and the Atari 2600 , it was hit or miss with new titles .
There was no Internet to get the down low on new releases , no IGN , no GameSpot , no GameFaq , and word of mouth only went so far .
Buying a video game was a crapshoot and personally , I crapped out more often than not .
Things got better when Nintendo and Sega jumped into my world , but nothing compares to the choices and the quality of games that we have today .
When a game gets bad reviews these days it normally leads to being discounted where in the past all Atari games were a flat $ 50 and most blew .
Now addicts like ourselves can sample games like The Club or Beowolf at a deep discount , or just download the demo .
And do n’t even get me started on the secondary markets created thanks to Ebay and GameStop and other places that give fair value for trades - this just frees up more cheddar for more games .
So , why am I spending time putting this together ?
Honestly , it ’s to say thanks for that state of the gaming world .
I have so many choices right now that I find myself drowning in titles .
I have been playing Call of Duty : World at War since release date ( Shout out to all my clan members ( S1W ) ’s kid ) .
But , there are so many great titles out there that I am torn and had to try some of them out .
BIOSHOCK has been sitting on my shelf for the past six months ( along with The Darkness , Call of Duty 2 , Two Worlds , Star Wars : The Force Unleashed and more ) , so I finally took a few weeks off from COD to play it , complete it and then Ebay it .
I 'm late to the party , I know , but what a hair - raising experience that was !
Now I am back to COD rotating in a little Star Wars : The Force Unleashed as much as I can .
I have a game shopping list that reads as follows :
1. ) Fable II
2. ) Fallout 3
3. ) Dead or Alive 4
4. ) Far Cry 2
5. ) UFC Unleashed
6. ) NCAA Football 2010
7. ) Madden 2010
So I ’m like WTF how am I going to do this ?
Alright , the UFC is n’t on sale for a few months , but I have 10 games still wrapped at home , I am playing two right now and have seven more MUST buys .
Well , Far Cry 2 might be a rental , along with Madden and NCAA … But as you can see , this is a gaming nightmare and dream come true at the same time .
There are more games that I want to play than I have time to dedicate to them .
Generally I play for 2 - 3 hours nightly , but like most of you I ’ve been known to get lost in 360 World and be up until 5 am .
This is usually a bad thing since I am normally up and in the gym by 6:15 .
Can you say screwed day ?
So , I have a pile of games that I wo n’t touch because the newer titles are greater .
In addition , I really would be happy just playing 360 Hardcore Team Deathmatches with my fellow S1 W ’s every night .
Simple Solution : without getting fired , Ship my wife and son off to Florida for a week .
Take a vacation from work and the gym .
Unplug the phone -
Wait , I ’ll need to order pizza and Chinese , so the phone has to work , but can ONLY be used for outgoing calls .
I ’ll just turn the ringer off .
Next I ’ll pull the shades down like in the casinos so time seems to stand still .
Showers are optional .
Thoughts ?
When will Barack Obama apologize to George Bush ?
He spent the entire campaign impugning Bush ’ handling of detainees at Guantanamo Bay , claiming that they required access to federal courts and that military detentions were not necessary .
On Friday , Obama took another big step towards Bush by deciding to fight a federal court that essentially endorsed Obama ’s views on the campaign trail :
The Obama administration said Friday that it would appeal a district court ruling that granted some military prisoners in Afghanistan the right to file lawsuits seeking their release .
The decision signaled that the administration was not backing down in its effort to maintain the power to imprison terrorism suspects for extended periods without judicial oversight .
In a court filing , the Justice Department also asked District Judge John D. Bates not to proceed with the habeas - corpus cases of three detainees at Bagram Air Base outside Kabul , Afghanistan .
Judge Bates ruled last week that the three — each of whom says he was seized outside of Afghanistan — could challenge their detention in court .
Jim Geraghty ’s axiom applies :
All of Obama ’s statements come with an expiration date — all of them .
That actually is good news for the Right , since we disagree with most of Obama ’s statements .
This case is a a good example .
Terrorists and insurgents captured by military and intelligence personnel engaged overseas do not get habeas corpus .
Not even the Nuremberg defendants got habeas corpus in American courts , the example Obama liked to use ( and got wrong ) on the campaign trail .
Their military tribunals were the final word , as they should be with detainees at Bagram or at Gitmo .
I ’m glad to see Obama coming to his senses on this point .
This is change I can believe in , but Obama should apologize to Bush in every brief his DoJ files along these lines .
A controversial fertility doctor claimed yesterday to have cloned 14 human embryos and transferred 11 of them into the wombs of four women who had been prepared to give birth to cloned babies .
Watch the exclusive video of Panayiotis Zavos creating embryos before injecting them into wombs of women wanting cloned babies
The cloning was recorded by an independent documentary film - maker who has testified to The Independent that the cloning had taken place and that the women were genuinely hoping to become pregnant with the first cloned embryos specifically created for the purposes of human reproduction .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Panayiotis Zavos has broken the ultimate taboo of transferring cloned embryos into the human womb , a procedure that is a criminal offence in Britain and illegal in many other countries .
He carried out the work at a secret lab - oratory , probably located in the Middle East where there is no cloning ban .
Dr Zavos , a naturalised American , also has fertility clinics in Kentucky and Cyprus , where he was born .
His patients – three married couples and a single woman – came from Britain , the United States and an unspecified country in the Middle East .
None of the embryo transfers led to a viable pregnancy but Dr Zavos said yesterday that this was just the " first chapter " in his ongoing and serious attempts at producing a baby cloned from the skin cells of its " parent " .
" There is absolutely no doubt about it , and I may not be the one that does it , but the cloned child is coming .
There is absolutely no way that it will not happen , " Dr Zavos said in an interview yesterday with The Independent .
" If we intensify our efforts we can have a cloned baby within a year or two , but I do n't know whether we can intensify our efforts to that extent .
We 're not really under pressure to deliver a cloned baby to this world .
What we are under pressure to do is to deliver a cloned baby that is a healthy one , " he said .
His claims are certain to be denounced by mainstream fertility scientists who in 2004 tried to gag Dr Zavos by imploring the British media not to give him the oxygen of publicity without him providing evidence to back up his statements .
Despite a lower profile over the past five years , scores of couples have now approached Dr Zavos hoping that he will help them to overcome their infertility by using the same cloning technique that was used to create Dolly the sheep in 1996 .
" I get enquiries every day .
To date we have had over 100 enquiries and every enquiry is serious .
The criteria is that they have to consider human reproductive cloning as the only option available to them after they have exhausted everything else , " Dr Zavos said .
" We are not interested in cloning the Michael Jordans and the Michael Jacksons of this world .
The rich and the famous do n't participate in this . "
It took 277 attempts to create Dolly but since then the cloning procedure in animals has been refined and it has now become more efficient , although most experts in the field believe that it is still too dangerous to be allowed as a form of human fertility treatment .
Dr Zavos dismissed these fears saying that many of the problems related to animal cloning – such as congenital defects and oversized offspring – have been minimised .
" In the future , when we get serious about executing things correctly , this thing will be very easy to do , " he said .
" If we find out that this technique does not work , I do n't intend to step on dead bodies to achieve something because I do n't have that kind of ambition .
My ambition is to help people . "
Dr Zavos also revealed that he has produced cloned embryos of three dead people , including a 10 - year - old child called Cady , who died in a car crash .
He did so after being asked by grieving relatives if he could create biological clones of their loved ones .
Dr Zavos fused cells taken from these corpses not with human eggs but with eggs taken from cows that had their own genetic material removed .
He did this to create a human - animal hybrid " model " that would allow him to study the cloning procedure .
Dr Zavos emphasised that it was never his intention to transfer any of these hybrid embryos into the wombs of women , despite Cady 's mother saying she would sanction this if there was any hope of her child 's clone being born .
" I would not transfer those embryos .
We never did this in order to transfer those embryos , " Dr Zavos said .
" The hybrid model is the thing that saved us .
It 's a model for us to learn .
First you develop a model and then you go on to the target .
We did not want to experiment on human embryos , which is why we developed the hybrid model . "
Dr Zavos is collaborating with Karl Illmensee , who has a long track record in cloning experiments dating back to pioneering studies in the early 1980s .
They are about to recruit 10 younger couples in need of fertility treatment for the next chapter in his attempts at producing cloned babies .
" I think we know why we did not have a pregnancy , " said Dr Zavos .
" I think that the circumstances were not as ideal as we'd like them to be .
We 've done the four couples so far under the kind of limitations that we were working under .
" We think we know why those four transfers did n't take .
I think with better subjects – and there are hundreds of people out there who want to do this – if we choose 10 couples , I think we will get some to carry a pregnancy . "
All the cloning attempts , which date back to 2003 , were filmed by Peter Williams , a distinguished documentary maker , for the Discovery Channel , which will show the programme tonight at 9 pm .
Williams said that he was present at the secret laboratory when the cloning was carried out by Dr Illmensee .
" There 's never been any question of concealment , because we'd have known about it , " Williams said .
The little girl who could ' live ' again
Little Cady died aged 10 in a car crash in the US .
Her blood cells were frozen and sent to Dr Zavos , who fused them with cow eggs to create cloned human - animal hybrid embryos .
These hybrid embryos were developed in the test tube and used to study the cloning process , but were not transferred into a human womb , despite Cady 's mother saying she would sanction this if there was a chance the clone of her little girl could be born .
Dr Zavos said he would never transfer hybrid animal clones into the human womb .
However , cells from Cady's " embryo " could in the future be extracted from the frozen hybrid embryo and fused with an empty human egg with its nucleus removed .
This double cloning process could produce a human embryo that Dr Zavos said could be transferred into the womb to produce Cady 's clone .
Frontiers of fertility :
The key questions
Q . What does he claim to have done ?
A. Panayiotis Zavos says he has created 14 human embryos and transferred 11 of them into the wombs of four women .
Some of these embryos only developed to the four - cell stage before being transferred , but some developed to the 32 - cell stage , called a morula .
He also claims to have created human - bovine hybrid clones by transferring the cells of dead people into the empty eggs of cows .
However , these hybrid embryos were used for research purposes and were not transferred to the womb .
Q. How does this compare to scientists ' previous achievements ?
A . Other scientists have created human - cloned embryos but not for the purposes of transferring them to wombs in order for women to give birth to babies .
Those researchers created cloned human embryos in the test tube to extract stem cells for research .
Dr Zavos has gone further ( and broken a taboo ) by creating embryos specifically for human reproduction , and he has attempted to create a viable pregnancy by transferring the cloned embryos into women .
Q. Has n't he made similar claims before ?
A . In 2004 , Dr Zavos claimed to have transferred a cloned human embryo into a woman 's womb but did not produce hard evidence .
He has now produced more cloned human embryos , some at an advanced stage , and transferred them into the wombs of three more women .
An independent documentary maker vouches for him .
Q . Why is this such a controversial thing to do ?
A. Studies on animal cloning have shown time and time again that it is unsafe .
The cloned animals suffer a higher - than - normal risk of severe developmental problems and the pregnancies often end in miscarriage .
Mainstream scientists believe cloning is too dangerous to be used on humans .
Q. How likely is it that he will succeed ?
A . He is determined to succeed and has a long line of people eager to sign up to his cloning programme , at a cost of between $ 45,000 and $ 75,000 .
Cloning attempts in other species , including primates , suggest there is no insuperable barrier to cloning humans .
Watch the exclusive video of Panayiotis Zavos performing the cloning procedure
Though they ’ve done a fairly good job of keeping people guessing about their true intentions , we ’re told that the Detroit Lions currently plan to take quarterback Matthew Stafford with the first pick in the 2009 draft .
If what we ’re hearing and how we ’re hearing it is part of the smokescreen process , then they ’re doing a fabulous job of it .
Based on the organization ’s recent history , however , it ’s more likely that they are n’t quite as crafty about spreading misinformation as this specific tactic would require .
( For obvious reasons , we ca n’t disclose how we obtained the information . )
Although as to the other teams there ’s no strategic reason to conceal the identity of the player they plan to draft since the Lions get the first pick , there ’s a separate shell game as it relates to negotiating a contract .
Given that Michigan tackle Jake Long received $ 30 million guaranteed last year on a five - year deal , a quarterback taken in the first overall slot will likely want $ 35 million guaranteed on a five - year contract — and more than $ 40 million guaranteed on a six - year deal .
That said , there ’s a ceiling on the maximum possible guaranteed money that a rookie can receive , in light of the rookie salary pool ( which limits the total payout to all of a team ’s first - year players ) and the rules regarding the extent to which the contract can grow in future seasons .
Whatever the ceiling is , Stafford will surely want it all , if he ’s the first overall pick .
Two years ago , the Raiders took quarterback JaMarcus Russell in the No. 1 spot .
A lengthy holdout , which stretched into September , washed out any chance of getting meaningful playing time as a rookie .
He eventually appeared in four games , starting one and generating a passer rating of 55.9 .
By Nikki -
18/3/2009 03:15 - United States
Today , I woke up , completely naked , in bed with a guy I met the night before .
We were both drunk the night before and I had agreed to go home with him .
The reason I woke up was that someone was knocking on his bedroom door .
Turns out he lives with his mom and she made us pancakes .
FML
Incredible news out of Texas : creationists have lost a big battle to destroy science education in the Lone Star State !
The State Board of Education voted on the science standards -- the list of basic scientific knowledge students should have at various grade levels , like knowing that atoms are the basic building blocks of matter , the Earth goes around the Sun , and -- say -- evolution is the basic and most fundamental aspect upon which all of modern biology is based .
Creationists on the board ( and there are many ) tried to water down the standards by creating a phony baloney " strengths and weaknesses " amendment , a totally bogus and arbitrary rule that says that teachers have to point out where a theory has faults .
They did this specifically to weaken the teaching of evolution in biology classes .
They do n't actually care if the students get a solid education on the fact of evolution , they only care to tear down real science and replace it with Biblical literalism .
And they failed .
According to the fantastic science - based Texas Freedom Network , which has been live - blogging the vote , the creationist amendment lost in a 7 - 7 vote .
They could not add the amendment without an actual victory , so the tie means the garbage amendment goes down .
But before you dance in the streets , have a mind that the vote was tied 7 - 7 .
In other words , half the people on the Texas State School Board of Education thought it was fine and dandy that evolution , a foundation of modern science and shown to be fact beyond reasonable doubt , be taught as being weak and flawed .
So once again , we see that creationists have lost , but we also know that they will never , ever admit defeat .
Remember , their entire outlook on life is not based on reality , but dogma , and so they cannot rest , cannot stop , without shattering their whole worldview .
So as always , this is not over , despite this advance .
It 's a victory for the students of Texas and for reality , but the war will rage on .
I 've said it before , and I 'll say it again ( and I 'm not the first ) : the price of freedom is eternal vigilance .
Stay sharp , Texas .
They 'll regroup .
Bet on it .
[ UPDATE : TFN notes that a final vote will come Friday on all the standards , so even this chapter of the battle is n't over yet .
Stay Tuned . ]
A Different Kind of Tea Party !
Paul Armentano Posted April 14 , 2009 | 06:53 PM
( EST )
What would you do with an extra $ 14 billion dollars ?
NORML , the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws , wants to find out .
Tomorrow morning ( April 15 ) , members of NORML will present a mock check to the U.S Treasury Department in the sum of $ 14 billion dollars .
" We represent the millions of otherwise law - abiding cannabis consumers who are ready , willing , vocal and able to contribute needed tax revenue to America 's struggling economy , " NORML Executive Director says .
" All we ask in exchange for our $ 14 billion is that our government respects our decision to use marijuana privately and responsibly . "
But this Tax Day it 's not just NORML that is calling on lawmakers to tax and regulate marijuana .
In today 's economic climate , the question is : who is n't ?
Late last month , during President Barack Obama 's first - ever Internet Town Hall , questions pertaining to whether legalizing marijuana like alcohol could help boost the economy received more votes from the public than did any other topic .
The questions ' popularity -- and the President 's half - hearted reply ( " No , " he laughed . ) -- stimulated a torrent of mainstream media attention .
In the past two weeks alone , commentators like David Sirota ( The Nation ) , Kathleen Parker ( Washington Post ) , Paul Jacob ( TownHall.com ) , Clarence Page ( Chicago Tribune ) , and Jack Cafferty ( CNN ) have all expressed sympathy for regulating pot .
Even Joe Klein at Time Magazine weighed in on the issue , writing this month that " legalizing marijuana makes sense . "
It makes cents too .
According to a 2005 analysis by Harvard University senior lecturer Jeffrey Miron -- and endorsed by over 500 distinguished economists -- replacing pot prohibition with a system of taxation and regulation similar to that used for alcohol would produce combined savings and tax revenues of between $ 10 billion and $ 14 billion per year .
A separate economic analysis , conducted by George Mason University professor Jon Gettman in 2007 , estimates that the total amount of tax revenue derived from cannabis could be far higher .
According to Gettman , the retail value of the total U.S. marijuana market now stands at a whopping $ 113 billion per year .
Using standard tax percentages obtained from the Office of Management and Budget , he calculates that the diversion of this market from the taxable economy deprives taxpayers of $ 31.1 billion annually .
For local and state governments , taxing and regulating pot could help reduce growing deficits .
For instance , in Oakland , California the City Council gave preliminary approval last week to a proposal to raise the business tax paid by city - licensed medical marijuana dispensary operators .
Council members estimate that the new tax will raise anywhere from $ 400,000 to a " couple million " dollars annually .
Likewise , lawmakers in Massachusetts and California are debating statewide measures to tax and regulate the production and sale of cannabis to adults .
Both state proposals would impose a fixed excise tax on the retail production of marijuana -- non-retail cultivation would remain untaxed -- as well as sales taxes on the commercial sale of the drug to anyone 21 years and older .
" The revenue effect of the proposed Act is an estimated annual revenue gain of $ 1.339 billion , " says the California State Board of Equalization and Taxation , which is backing the measure .
A more liberal economic assessment performed by California NORML's Dr. Dale Gieringer estimates that the annual revenues raised via the advent of a legal cannabis industry in California could be far higher .
" A comparable example would be California 's wine industry , " Gieringer wrote in a 2009 report .
" With $ 12.3 billion in retail sales , the wine industry generates 309,000 jobs , $ 10.1 billion in wages , and $ 2 billion in tourist expenditures .
Extrapolating these figures to a legal marijuana market , ... one might expect $ 12 to $ 18 billion in total economic activity , with 60,000 to 110,000 new jobs created , and $ 2.5 to $ 3.5 billion in legal wages , which would generate additional income and business taxes for the state . "
Finally , taxing and regulating cannabis would have the added bonus of taking the production and trafficking of pot out of the hands of criminal enterprises and , increasingly , drug gangs .
According to the Associated Press , marijuana is the " biggest source of income " for Mexican drug cartels .
Legalizing pot would eliminate this primary income source for these cartels and , in turn , eliminate much of the growing violence and turf battles that currently surround the drug 's illegal importation from Mexico .
Any way you look at it , legalizing cannabis just " makes sense . "
So why are n't we doing it ?
26 . Actors
Overview
Fantom includes an actor framework for concurrency .
Actors are light weight objects which asynchronously process work on a background thread .
Actors are given work by sending them asynchronous message .
Actor 's then process those messages on background threads controlled by an ActorPool .
Actors
The Actor class is used to define new actors .
All actors are constructed within an ActorPool which defines how the actor is executed .
Actors may define their receive behavior in one of two ways :
Pass a function to the Actor 's constructor Subclass Actor and override receive
Here are two simple examples of an actor which receives an Int message and returns the increment :
// pass receive to constructor as a closure function a := Actor ( pool ) | Int msg -> Int| { msg + 1 } // subclass and override receive const class IncrActor : Actor { new make ( ActorPool p ) : super ( p ) {} override Obj? receive ( Obj? msg ) { msg-> increment } }
An actor is guaranteed to receive its messages atomically - it is never scheduled on multiple threads concurrently .
However , an actor is not guaranteed to receive all of its messages on the same thread over time .
For example if messages A , B , and C are sent to an actor , the runtime may use three different threads to process those messages .
But the actor is guaranteed to process the messages serially one after the other .
Actor Locals
Actors are const classes which means they must be immutable .
This lets you pass actor references between actors , but you can't maintain any mutable state in the actor 's fields .
Instead you can store the actor 's " mutable world state " in Actor.locals .
Actor locals is a string / object map which works like a thread local - a unique map is used for every actor .
To prevent naming collisions , you should prefix your map keys with your pod name :
// store an actor local Actor.locals [ " acme.global " ] = " hum bug " // get an actor local Actor.locals [ " acme.global " ]
For example to build an actor which maintains a counter every time it receives a message :
pool := ActorPool ( ) a := Actor ( pool ) |msg| { count := 1 + ( Int ) Actor.locals.get ( " count " , 0 ) Actor.locals [ " count " ] = count return count } 100. times { a.send ( " ignored " ) } echo ( " Count is now " + a.send ( " ignored " ) .
get )
Note that in this example , the actor ignores the messages sent to it , so it does n't really matter what we pass .
Message Passing
Actors communicate by sending each other messages .
Messages cannot be used to pass mutable state between actors .
If a message is immutable then it passed by reference .
Otherwise the message must be serializable in which case a serialized copy of the object is passed .
If a message is neither immutable or serializable , then IOErr is thrown .
Messages are sent to an actor using these methods :
send : enqueues the message immediately
: enqueues the message immediately sendLater : enqueues the message after a period of time has elapsed
: enqueues the message after a period of time has elapsed sendWhenComplete : enqueues the message once another message completes processing
Futures
All three send methods return a Future which may used to access the result of that message .
You can poll for the result using Future . state - a future enters the complete state by one of three transitions :
The actor processes the message and returns a result
The actor raises an exception while processing the message
The future is cancelled ( see cancel )
Once a future enters the complete state , the result is available via the get method .
If the future is not complete , then calling get will block the caller until the future becomes done .
A timeout may be used to block for a fixed period of time .
Calling get results in one of these outcomes :
If the message was processed successfully , then get will return the result
will return the result
If the actor raised an exception processing the message , then that same exception is raised to the caller of get
If the future was cancelled , then calling get will raise CancelledErr
will raise
If a timeout is used , then TimeoutErr is thrown if the actor does n't process the message before the timeout elapses
Actors which block via Future .
get should never receive messages themselves as this might lead to deadlocks .
Best practice is to design service actors using strictly asynchronous messaging , and keep synchronous messaging on client actors which do n't service requests themselves .
Message Error Handling
When an actor raises an exception processing a message in its receive callback , the error is made available in the Future .
When the client calls Future . get , then the actor 's original exception is raised .
However if the client never calls Future . get , then its easy for the error to be ignored by developers .
Unfortunately the system cannot know if the error is going to be handled by client code via the Future .
To prevent errors from silently getting ignored , the following design patterns are recommended :
each message should clearly identify who is responsible for processing the error if the actor is responsible for errors , then it should log the error if the client is responsible for errors , then it must call Future .
get and handle errors
As a general principle , messages processed synchronously get handled by the client .
But async messages should probably get logged by the actor since its unlikely the client is doing anything with the Future .
Timers
The sendLater method can be used to setup a timer .
Timers post a message back to the actor 's queue when they expire .
Example :
pool := ActorPool ( ) a := Actor ( pool ) | Obj msg| { echo ( " $ Time.now : $ msg " ) } a.send ( " start " ) a.sendLater( 1sec , " 1sec " ) a.sendLater( 3sec , " 3sec " ) a.sendLater(2sec , " 2sec " ) Actor.sleep( 5sec )
The sendLater method returns a Future which may be used to cancel the timer or poll / block until the message has been processed .
Chaining
The sendWhenComplete method is used to deliver a message once another message has completed processing .
Using sendWhenComplete allows asynchronous message chaining .
Consider this code :
future := actor1.send(msg1 ) actor2.sendWhenComplete(future , msg2 )
In this example , msg2 is enqueued on actor2 only after actor1 completes processing of msg1 .
Typically the future itself is passed as the message :
a.sendWhenComplete( future , future ) // future is message itself a.sendWhenComplete( future , MyMsg( future ) ) // MyMsg references future
Remember that sendWhenComplete is called no matter how the future completes : successfully , with an error , or cancellation .
Coalescing Messages
Often when sending messages to an actor , we can merge two messages into a single message to save ourselves some work .
For example , it is common in windowing systems to maintain a single union of all the dirty portions of a window rather than of a bunch of little rectangles .
An actor can have its messages automatically coalesced using the makeCoalescing constructor .
Let 's look at an example :
const class Repaint { new make ( Window w , Rect d ) { ... } Window window Rect dirty } toKey := | Repaint msg->Obj| { msg.window } coalesce := | Repaint a , Repaint b-> Obj| { Repaint( a.window , a.dirty.union ( b.dirty ) ) } a := Actor.makeCoalescing(g , toKey , coalesce ) | Repaint msg| {...}
In this example the messages are instances of Repaint .
The toKey function is used to obtain the key which determines if two messages can be coalesced .
In this example we coalesce repaints per window .
If the thread detects two pending messages with the same key ( the window in this case ) , then it calls the coalesce function to merge the messages .
In example we return a new Repaint event with the union of the two dirty regions .
Messages sent with sendLater and sendWhenDone are never coalsesed .
Flow Control
The current implementation of Fantom uses unbounded message queues .
This means if an actor is receiving messages faster than it can process them , then its queue will continue to grow .
Eventually this might result in out of memory exceptions .
You can use some of the following techniques to implement flow control to prevent unbounded queues from growing forever :
Poll futures with isDone or use get with timeouts to cancel messages which are n't processed after a period of time
or use with timeouts to cancel messages which are n't processed after a period of time Use coalescing queues to merge pending messages
Use sendLater to schedule watch dog timers on an actor 's queue
Use sendWhenDone to create message feedback loops
For example consider a " reader " actor which reads lines of text from a big text file and sends those lines to other " processing " actors for parallel processing .
If the reader pushes the lines of text as fast as it can read them , then it could potentially end up enqueuing large numbers of lines in memory .
A better strategy would be to have the processing actors enqueue themselves with the reader when they are ready to process a line .
This would create a natural feedback loop and allow the reader to throttle its IO based on how fast the processors could work .
Actor Pools
All actor 's are created within an ActorPool .
ActorPools manage the execution of actors using a shared thread pool .
As messages are sent to actors , they are allocated a thread to perform their work .
An ActorPool will create up to 100 threads , after which actor 's must wait for a thread to free up .
Once a thread frees up , then it is used to process the next actor .
If no actor 's have pending work , then the thread lingers for a few seconds before being released back to the operating system .
In this model an ActorPool utilizes between zero and a peak of 100 threads depending on how many of the pool 's actors currently have work .
You can tweak the peak limit by setting Actor.
maxThreads :
ActorPool { maxThreads = 10 }
An ActorPool is immediately considered running as soon as it is constructed .
However , it does n't actually spawn its first thread until one of its actors is sent a message .
If all of a pool 's actors finish processing their messages , then after a linger period all of that pool 's threads be freed .
An ActorPool can be manually shutdown using the stop method .
Once stop is called , the pool enters the stopped state and actors within the pool may not receive any more messages .
However all pending messages are allowed to continue processing .
Once all pending messages have been processed , the pool enters the done state .
Use the join method to block until an ActorPool has fully shutdown .
It 's getting to the point where everybody -- everybody - - has a Facebook page .
Well , not everybody .
In fact some very important people -- personages who undoubtedly would have very interesting pages -- are nowhere to be found on Facebook .
Some of them are just too dead to get the job done -- though you do n't have to be a human being to have a Facebook page .
As a result , by today 's standards , the record on these people is incomplete ( no Twitter trail ? no Facebook bio ? ) .
Nor do we know how they would 've behaved on Facebook : Would John have defriended Ringo after the Beatles broke up ?
Would Joan of Arc have continued updating her status right up until the fateful moment of incineration ( Joan of Arc " is ( whew ! ) burning up " at 9:40 am May 30 , 1431 ) ?
So in the interest of posterity and history and stuff , we have carefully approximated what those missing pages might look like .
We 've included both important figures from history and people who are still kicking , but not on Facebook .
We hope you enjoy them -- and maybe even learn a thing or two .
And we know you 'll be tempted , but do n't click the Add Friend link on the pages -- they 're just static mockups , and anyway Steve Jobs does n't know you .
Simply scroll through the list below , and click on the profile picture of the person whose Facebook page you want to view .
Steve Jobs just finished building a chair out of iPhones .
Bill Gates just bought Azerbaijan !
Elvis Presley just stepped on his own blue suede shoes .
Dammit .
Andy Warhol is looking for another 15 minutes .
Satan just signed the Jonas Brothers to a 3000 - year deal .
Rush Limbaugh is keeping the fear alive !
Hillary Clinton is not bitter .
Is not bitter .
Is not bitter .
Dr. Manhattan is blue .
William Shakespeare is all about the new Beverly Hills 90210 .
About the Creators :
Craig Anton is an actor and comedian from Los Angeles , California .
Ron Babcock is a comic from Los Angeles , California .
Marcia Neumeier is a graphic designer from Los Angeles , California .
Mark Sullivan is an editor at PC World in San Francisco , California .
" We will offer downgrade rights from Windows 7 to Windows XP in the same way we did with Windows Vista , " a Microsoft spokesperson told Channelweb.com .
" Volume licensing customers have always had the option of downgrading to a previous version of Windows . "
Microsoft has been telling its channel partners that the best way to get their customers ready for Windows 7 is to move to Vista first , but this acknowledgment will virtually guarantee that many companies will simply wait for Windows 7 and skip Vista entirely .
Downgrade rights are n't new , but they 're a poignant sign of the market 's distaste for Vista .
By enabling PC makers to sell PCs with Vista Business or Vista Ultimate PCs , and then perform the XP Professional downgrades as an added service , Microsoft has been able to pump Vista sales numbers while also giving customers a way to avoid Vista 's well - publicized struggles .
Microsoft has yet to set a deadline for Windows 7 downgrade rights , since the company has n't announced timing for Windows 7 availability , the Microsoft spokesperson said .
But over the weekend , the AppleInsider blog quoted a purported internal HP communique , which suggests Windows 7 could be available in the October time frame , and that Microsoft will allow OEMs to downgrade Windows 7 Professional PCs to XP until April 30 , 2010 .
The Microsoft spokesperson declined to comment on the veracity of the HP memo .
Todd Swank , vice president of marketing at system builder Nor-Tech , Burnsville , Minn. , said the move to offer Windows 7 downgrade rights reflects the still - strong market demand that exists for XP .
" Obviously , Microsoft recognizes that Windows Vista is never going to be accepted as much as they 'd like , and realizes that a lot of customers are going to remain on XP until Windows 7 comes out , " Swank said .
Despite the de facto XP extension that Windows 7 downgrades represent , Microsoft on April 14 will stop offering free bug fixes for customers running retail versions of XP .
After that date , XP users will have to pay for support on a per-incident basis for bug fixes , although Microsoft will still deliver XP security updates for free until 2014 .
Microsoft has also been accused of illegally profiting from XP downgrade rights .
In February , a Los Angeles resident filed a class action lawsuit in Seattle federal court , accusing Microsoft of forcing customers to buy Vista PCs so that it could charge them for XP downgrades , claims that Microsoft has denied .
ADVERTISEMENT
Wilkerson : ' Crazy people ' make Cheney fearmongering ' dangerous ' David Edwards and Stephen C. Webster
Published : Thursday March 19 , 2009
Print This Email This Bush admin . knew many at Guantanamo Bay are innocent , says Colin Powell 's former chief of staff
It 's the " crazy people " in the United States -- those " fringe " individuals who jeered for violence at McCain / Palin rallies -- that make Dick Cheney 's fearmongering " dangerous , " said Colin Powell 's former chief of staff on Wednesday night .
In other words , " the former vice president seems to be suffering from a case of post - causing - other - people traumatic stress disorder , " summarized MSNBC's Rachel Maddow in a Wednesday broadcast .
In a Tuesday editorial published by The Washington Note , retired Col. Lawrence B. Wilkerson called Cheney " evil " and said the former vice president knowingly kept innocent men imprisoned in Guantanamo Bay .
The editorial clearly caught Maddow 's eye .
" The first of these is the utter incompetence of the battlefield vetting in Afghanistan during the early stages of the U.S. operations there , " he wrote .
" Simply stated , no meaningful attempt at discrimination was made in - country by competent officials , civilian or military , as to who we were transporting to Cuba for detention and interrogation . "
" These are evil people , " Cheney said Tuesday .
" And we 're not going to win this fight by turning the other cheek . "
" I have to agree but the other way around , " retorted Wilkerson in his editorial .
" Cheney and his like are the evil people and we certainly are not going to prevail in the struggle with radical religion if we listen to people such as he . "
" [ Wilkerson ] indicts what he calls an ad hoc intelligence philosophy called ' Mosaic ' that came into force after 9/11 , " said Maddow .
" Simply stated , this philosophy held that it did not matter if a detainee were innocent , " he wrote .
" Indeed , because he lived in Afghanistan and was captured on or near the battle area , he must know something of importance ( this general philosophy , in an even cruder form , prevailed in Iraq as well , helping to produce the nightmare at Abu Ghraib ) . "
Furthermore , " having too few adequately trained troops and civilians , combined with pressure from then - Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld and others to ' just get the bastards to the interrogators ' meant lots of hasty abductions of the wrong people , many of whom were sent to the U.S. detention facility at Guantanamo Bay , " noted The Washington Independent .
Finally , " how we deal with the future attacks of this organization and its cohorts could well seal our fate , for good or bad , " Wilkerson wrote .
" Osama bin Laden and his brain trust , Aman al - Zawahiri , are counting on us to produce the bad .
With people such as Cheney assisting them , they are far more likely to succeed . "
Speaking to Maddow on her Wednesday show , Wilkerson said he is increasingly concerned about the " fringe " individuals who attended the McCain / Palin rallies during the 2008 campaign .
" I did n't like what I saw , " he said .
" It frightened me .
I think people like Rush Limbaugh and now Dick Cheney , former vice president ... are doing some of that fearmongering too .
" This is not good .
There are some crazy people in this country .
There are uni-bombers .
There are Lee Harvey Oswalds .
There are Sirhan Sirhans .
These are the kind of people that listen to this fearmongering and it's dangerous .
Someone 's gotta start talking out about it . "
" Navy Cmdr. Jeffrey Gordon , a Pentagon spokesman , declined to comment on Wilkerson 's specific allegations but noted that the military has consistently said that dealing with foreign fighters from a wide variety of countries in a wartime setting was a complex process , " reported the Associated Press .
" The military has insisted that those held at Guantanamo were enemy combatants and posed a threat to the United States . '
This video is from MSNBC's The Rachel Maddow Show , broadcast Mar. 17 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Secession Divides Texas Republicans
Gov. Rick Perry 's secession idea does n't seem so crazy in light of new polling out of Texas .
AP Photo by Harry Cabluck
Every once in a while , just when we think we have seen it all , a poll cross the Fix desk that makes us do a double - take .
This is that poll .
In a new survey by Research 2000 for the liberal Daily Kos blog , Texas voters were asked whether the Lone Star State would be better off as an " independent nation " or as part of the United States .
Overall , more than six in ten chose the latter option .
( No big surprise there . )
But , among Republicans , 48 percent said it would be better for Texas if the state was an independent nation -- the same number who said they would prefer the state remain a part of the United States .
Just to reiterate : roughly half of all self - identified Texas Republicans in the Research 2000 poll said they would rather their state be an independent nation .
The poll data comes in the wake of a controversy stirred by Texas Gov. Rick Perry when he seemed to suggest that if the federal government continued on his current path secession might be an option .
" Texas is a unique place , " the governor said at the time .
" When we came into the union in 1845 , one of the issues was that we would be able to leave if we decided to do that . "
One GOP operative with Texas ties closely sent the Fix an email with the poll results attached that read : " The Reason Why Rick Perry Can Win the GOP Primary " .
Perry faces a difficult primary challenge in the form of Texas Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison .
The Kos poll showed Hutchison with very strong personal favorability ratings ( 64 percent favorable / 29 percent unfavorable ) while Perry 's scores ( 51 percent fav / 43 percent unfav ) -- suggesting that the Senator has built up considerable good will among Texas voters .
Still , the secession results suggest that Perry may be more in line with the average Texas Republican primary voter than previously imagined .
In the words of Tim Riggins , " Texas forever " .
" We did n't do this to seek publicity , " said Mr Chen , " we did it because we needed to survive and this was the most affordable way .
We never wanted to cause anyone any trouble , we just wanted to help each other . "
Branson refused to confirm he was in talks with Honda Sir Richard Branson admits he would be interested in becoming involved in Formula One , but only if it met certain financial and environmental conditions .
The Virgin boss has hinted he could back an F1 team , but refused to confirm a direct link with Honda .
" They need to get the rules changed to make F1 economically viable in these tough times , " he told BBC 5 Live .
" F1 should be also championing cleaner technology .
If we were to get involved we 'd want our cars run on clean fuels . "
Honda stunned the sport in January by announcing their immediate withdrawal from the world championship because of the effects of the global economic crisis .
It had been hoped a new owner would soon be found to allow Honda , in whatever new guise , to be on the grid for the season - opening race in Australia in five weeks ' time .
The deadline for an agreement to buy the team is believed to be next week , one month before the 2009 season 's first race in Melbourne .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A management buyout , led by current chief executive Nick Fry and team boss Ross Brawn , has been mooted for some time .
But this week it emerged Branson 's Virgin Group could be a potential backer .
However , while admitting it would be " fun " to become involved in the sport , Branson was coy on any direct takeover of the cash - strapped British - based outfit .
" If we were ( going to take over Honda ) there would be a clause that would prevent me talking about it , " Branson added .
" Having said that , I love Formula One , I think it could be even more exciting and I think the management of the sport agree on that .
" But I think they need to organise F1 so the teams can actually make money rather than lose it , particularly the smaller teams .
Again , I think Bernie Ecclestone recognises that .
" Any sensible investor in F1 would want to have a very good discussion with Bernie to make sure that the rules of engagement make the sport less cash - hungry going forward .
" You can still have an incredibly exciting sport that does n't cost each team hundreds of millions every year just to get the car on the road . "
606 : DEBATE Would Branson 's millions be good for Formula One ?
hammydigrassi ( U13692566 )
Branson insists environmental issues are just as important to him as any financial concerns and called for the sport to clean up its act .
" Running on clean fuels would set an example to normal cars on the road , " he said .
" I think there are faults there which would need to be rectified before we moved into F1 .
" It 's not very green at the moment .
Those two provisos would be essential before Virgin entered the sport . "
Branson also hinted that any team takeover would take on the Virgin name .
He added : " I 'm sure that if one day we went into F1 , the Virgin brand is dear to my heart so it would be quite likely that any team would be a Virgin car going around the circuit . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Editor 's note : Ed Rollins , a senior political contributor for CNN , was political director for President Ronald Reagan and chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee .
Ed Rollins says President Obama mishandled the aftermath of his decision to ban the use of torture .
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
Like so many politicians I have known , the man we elected president wants to be loved .
He wants to be loved passionately and daily by the 69 million who voted for him and even some of the 60 million who voted for John McCain .
He wants to be loved by the Democrats on the Hill and even the Republicans who have still not given him any love .
He wants to be loved by the Europeans who have made a career out of badmouthing U.S. presidents and their policies .
The real example of searching for love in all the wrong places was last week 's lovefest south of the border when , in effect , he appeared to be hugging Castro , Ortega and Chavez who have spent their lives fighting everything the United States stands for .
The problem , President Obama will find out as time goes on , is that he is not a rock star or a celebrity .
He is certainly famous , and for the foreseeable future everyone will want to see him , touch him and hear him .
But the job of president is about making choices .
And right now he has the toughest job in the world at one of the toughest times in U.S. history .
Every time he makes a choice , he will make the losing side mad .
This last week was the best example .
The president decided , as he promised in the campaign , that he would ban torture -- a decision I agree with but many do n't .
Then he decided to release four Bush - era Justice Department memos that gave legal guidelines to the executive branch on " enhanced interrogation techniques . "
Many wanted these documents released , and the president , after a month - long internal debate , gave them up .
At the same time he said he had no intention of prosecuting the drafters of those memos or anyone else in a federal agency , mainly the CIA , who followed those guidelines .
The Right went nuts over the release of the documents .
The CIA felt betrayed .
The Left went nuts over the contents of the memos and pressed to have the authors -- high Justice Department officials in the Bush administration -- prosecuted , investigated and maybe even tortured !
The president went to the CIA and gave them a cheerleading speech .
The next day he reversed himself and said it 's up to Attorney General Eric Holder and the Congress to determine if any laws were violated by the former officials .
He waffled big time .
Now all sides are mad at him and he looks weak .
Weakness is the death knell for a president .
With 1,366 days to go before this term is up , Obama 's got to get tougher or he will be viewed as a personality who reads well from a teleprompter .
The president obviously knows the war on terror is not over .
I imagine every morning when he gets the National Security briefing from the Director of National Intelligence , Dennis Blair , he takes a deep breath because he knows the world is not a very safe place .
Things are n't as simple as they were in the old days , when , for the most part , countries had conflicts with each other and they went to war wearing different - colored uniforms so you knew who your enemy was and where they might be found .
Fortunately , because of the enormous talents of many federal agencies comprised of extraordinary Americans who work very hard at their jobs , the United States has not been struck in 2,781 days .
That was the day we all remember and always will remember as 9/11 -- when four aircraft hijacked by 19 al Qaeda terrorists crashed into the Twin Towers , the Pentagon and a field in Pennsylvania , killing 2,974 people .
On that day and the days that followed we felt a new sense of vulnerability and said , " never again . "
We know now in hindsight that our intelligence mechanism failed us in regard to the threat posed by al Qaeda .
A lot of things were done in the days after that to gather intelligence and protect ourselves , our families and our neighbors .
We were playing under a new set of rules and in a way making it up as we went along .
What I am trying to say is the CIA does n't need to be handcuffed again or demoralized .
It needs to know its mission .
Historically it has been an agency that has done a lot of heavy lifting .
It has often also done the dirty work that other agencies did n't want to do .
Some of it benefited this nation immensely and some may have hurt us abroad .
But it has been an important element in battling the bad guys .
It 's now Obama 's agency under the direction of his people and he has to earn its trust .
His visit to the agency 's headquarters in Langley , Virginia , and his speech to the employees was helpful , but only a first step .
Releasing the Justice memos opened a door and the contents repulsed many people .
But these were not evil men who drafted the memos .
These were not evil people who carried out the methods authorized by them .
They were our fellow citizens who were trying to protect us from the real evildoers .
The president has got a lot on his plate .
If his fellow Democrats in Congress want to try to impeach a federal appeals court judge who oversaw the memos and interrogate or prosecute former Justice Department lawyers , an attorney general or two and maybe a former vice president , then the battle will be drawn in the courtroom and in the political arena .
The losers will be us .
All of us .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ed Rollins .
All About Barack Obama • Torture • Central Intelligence Agency
Damien Miller ( djm@ ) just released OpenSSH 5.2 !
It sounds like this is mainly a bugfix release although it does have some nifty new features such as logging to syslog rather than stderr ( useful for daemonized ssh ) and dynamic allocation of the remote listening port .
OpenSSH 5.2 has just been released .
It will be available from the mirrors listed at http://www.openssh.com/ shortly .
OpenSSH is a 100 % complete SSH protocol version 1.3 , 1.5 and 2.0 implementation and includes sftp client and server support .
We have also recently completed another Internet SSH usage scan , the results of which may be found at http://www.openssh.com/usage.html
Once again , we would like to thank the OpenSSH community for their continued support of the project , especially those who contributed code or patches , reported bugs , tested snapshots or donated to the project .
More information on donations may be found at : http://www.openssh.com/donations.html
The focus of this release has been on bugfixes as the previous openssh - 5.1 release introduced many new features and made some invasive changes .
Changes since OpenSSH 5.1 =========================
Security : * This release changes the default cipher order to prefer the AES CTR modes and the revised " arcfour256 " mode to CBC mode ciphers that are susceptible to CPNI - 957037 " Plaintext Recovery Attack Against SSH " .
*
This release also adds countermeasures to mitigate CPNI - 957037 - style attacks against the SSH protocol 's use of CBC - mode ciphers .
Upon detection of an invalid packet length or Message Authentication Code , ssh / sshd will continue reading up to the maximum supported packet length rather than immediately terminating the connection .
This eliminates most of the known differences in behaviour that leaked information about the plaintext of injected data which formed the basis of this attack .
We believe that these attacks are rendered infeasible by these changes .
New features : * Added a -y option to ssh ( 1 ) to force logging to syslog rather than stderr , which is useful when running daemonised ( ssh - f ) * The sshd_config(5 ) ForceCommand directive now accepts commandline arguments for the internal - sftp server .
* The ssh (1 ) ~C escape commandline now support runtime creation of dynamic ( - D ) port forwards .
* Support the SOCKS4A protocol in ssh ( 1 ) dynamic ( - D ) forwards .
( bz # 1482 ) * Support remote port forwarding with a listen port of ' 0 ' .
This informs the server that it should dynamically allocate a listen port and report it back to the client .
( bz # 1003 ) * sshd ( 8 ) now supports setting PermitEmpty Passwords and AllowAgentForwarding in Match blocks Bug and documentation fixes * Repair a ssh ( 1 ) crash introduced in openssh - 5.1 when the client is sent a zero - length banner ( bz # 1496 ) *
Due to interoperability problems with certain broken SSH implementations , the eow@openssh.com and no-more-sessions@openssh.com protocol extensions are now only sent to peers that identify themselves as OpenSSH .
* Make ssh ( 1 ) send the correct channel number for SSH2_MSG_CHANNEL_SUCCESS
and SSH2_MSG_CHANNEL_FAILURE
messages to avoid triggering ' Non- public channel ' error messages on sshd ( 8 ) in openssh - 5.1 . * Avoid printing ' Non-public channel ' warnings in sshd ( 8 ) , since the ssh ( 1 ) has sent incorrect channel numbers since ~ 2004 ( this reverts a behaviour introduced in openssh - 5.1 ) .
* Avoid double - free in ssh (1 ) ~C escape - L handler ( bz # 1539 ) * Correct fail - on - error behaviour in sftp ( 1 ) batchmode for remote stat operations .
( bz # 1541 ) * Disable nonfunctional ssh (1 ) ~C escape handler in multiplex slave connections .
( bz # 1543 ) * Avoid hang in ssh ( 1 ) when attempting to connect to a server that has MaxSessions =0 set .
* Multiple fixes to sshd ( 8 ) configuration test ( - T ) mode * Several core and portable OpenSSH bugs fixed : 1380 , 1412 , 1418 , 1419 , 1421 , 1490 , 1491 , 1492 , 1514 , 1515 , 1518 , 1520 , 1538 , 1540 * Many manual page improvements .
Checksums : ========== - SHA1 ( openssh - 5.2.tar.gz ) = 260074ed466e95f054ac05a4406f613d08575217 - SHA1 ( openssh - 5.2p1.tar.gz ) = 8273a0237db98179fbdc412207ff8eb14ff3d6de Reporting Bugs : ===============
- Please read
http://www.openssh.com/report.html
Security bugs should be reported directly to openssh@openssh.com OpenSSH is brought to you by Markus Friedl , Niels Provos , Theo de Raadt , Kevin Steves , Damien Miller , Darren Tucker , Jason McIntyre , Tim Rice and Ben Lindstrom .
When I was a kid , ' toxic ' assets were not assets at all ; they were called ' liabilities . '
That 's why asset and liability columns exist on these things called ' spreadsheets . '
But I am neither a politician nor a banker so I have poor grasp of things I know nothing about .
Much like this Timothy Geithner guy .
But apparently toxic assets do exist because banks around the world are being dragged down by them .
Who would have thought that mortgage - backed securities based on a housing bubble fueled by people who could n't afford their homes would ever be a problem ?
Well , me , but I was told I hated poor people and minorities for daring to ask .
Only linguists and people like me who do n't understand economic stupidity think a toxic asset is a contradiction in terms .
W. Bruce Johnson , professor of accounting in the University of Iowa 's Tippie College of Business , says it 's pretty accurate , even if it does n't exist in accounting terms .
" I do n't know if that was coined by a journalist or a politician or someone who works in finance , but in accounting , we do n't call anything a toxic asset , " he said .
So maybe journalists are the toxic assets .
Instead of talking about the thrill running down their leg over Barack Obama , they could have been asking why people with five figure incomes were acquiring seven figure homes .
Nope , the toxic assets are definitely real estate , not the Fourth Estate .
" These are securities that are real assets that generate cash flow for their owners , " said Johnson .
" They just do n't generate as much cash flow as was priced into the security , so the value may be less than what the owner paid for it .
" So it 's concern about what people paid , not what they can sell it for , that got us into trouble ?
Obviously one solution is to change some rules .
Ridiculous mark to market requirements have n't helped .
Mandating that loans go to the riskiest people , which we required again in the stimulus package , are as dumb as the policies that got us here .
That 's not to say you can't find bargains .
I wo n't mention any names , but I know of one savvy investor who has almost broken even on his Citi stock , even though the original prices in said portfolio was near 50 , because people tend to pile on unnecessarily when they worry about a company .
But using the dumbest accounting rules of mortgage securities , all my money was gone in that stock - even though it was n't .
That 's basically what mortgage holders are required to do - declare a loss on property they have not sold .
100 % of people are n't unemployed , the economy is not at a halt and not all assets are valueless , some just did n't have the 20 % fat in the appraisal versus mortgage number banks used to require before they got Congressional hearings and newspaper articles for turning poor people down .
The clean solution was to let some banks fail and make some people rent .
Instead , the government got even more involved and investors got spooked that the dumb guys in charge of companies actually knew less about what their properties were really worth than the government and crazy accounting rules made the ' asset value ' for some companies drop below the minimum capital requirements , putting those companies in violation of ... federal law , which then supposedly came to the rescue .
Yes , the federal government decided overvalued assets had to be written down for banks even though they are sitting on $ 100 trillion ( that 's a ' t ' ) in unfunded Social Security obligations - over 6 times the size of our entire economy and that does n't count Medicare , which is even worse .
So the federal government is our toxic asset ?
It depends .
Granted , the current administration seems to be running things like it's a video game with a save point where they can just start over if things go bad but at least they are n't doing it with expensive missiles , like the last one .
Linguistics shall answer all .
" Impaired assets " is a better term than ' toxic ' .
" Any impaired asset has to be written down to some kind of realizable value as soon as it's declared impaired , " Johnson said .
" It 's toxic in that it can lead to severe problems for the company that has to write it down to a value that 's lower than what they expected .
" It means an asset that an owner can't sell for as much as they paid for it , like moldy grain sitting in an elevator .
Errr , would n't that actually be toxic ?
" Moldy grain can still be used , it still has value , " Johnson said .
" But it does n't have as much value as the owner paid the farmer for it when it was n't moldy .
" So there you have it .
Your finance stocks are like moldy grain .
Did n't linguistics make you feel all better ?
Fortunately , unlike moldy grain , your stocks are likely to go up in value over time , provided we can stay disciplined enough to not run out with more mortgages for bad risk homeowners .
Oops .
Too late .
Date : September 24 , 2008 03:41 AMDominique , only seconds before losing her job at the refinery , for not wearing the proper safety equipment .
However , after being escorted , as is , to the shift supervisor 's office to receive her termination papers , she was mysteriously given a new job as her boss ' personal assistant , with a substantial pay raise , a company car , and a small but very expensive condominium on the 17th floor of the trendy Windham 's Luxury Apartments building , and later discovered that her new place was only three doors down from the Mayor 's mistress 's apartment .
The raw material for many quantum computers and quantum key distribution systems are single photons .
For a quantum computer , the current ideal implementation would allow users to perform computations using the quantum states of atoms or ions , and communicate between the atoms and ions using single photons .
Likewise , most quantum key distribution is performed by encoding a quantum state in a single photon .
The upshot of this reliance on photons is that network and computational flexibility requires some method to route photons to different locations .
This is not actually a huge problem , provided that the routing is not part of the computation — we define the paths through a computer or network before starting and then set everything in motion .
But this is clearly not going to work if we want to implement a quantum " if " statement , which requires some form of dynamic routing .
To overcome this problem , researchers at the California Institute of Technology have been working on single photon routers .
These routers direct photons to different locations depending on the presence or absence of an atom .
Since the presence of an atom at a certain location is itself a quantum property , this could be the " if " statement implementation researchers have been looking for .
The experiment makes use of ultra-cold cesium atoms , a micro-toroid , and some optical fiber — of course if it were this simple , implementations would be working in someone 's garage .
The optical fiber is stretched so that it has a thin section , where the fields associated with the single photons extend beyond the edges of the fiber .
The stretched section is placed close to the micro-toroid , which sucks the passing photon into it .
Why does the photon get sucked in ?
Photons always occupy modes .
The fiber , because it confines the photons , has only one spatial mode ; likewise , the toroid has only a single spatial mode .
But , because the toroid is such a great resonator ( e.g. , a photon , once in the toroid , will stay there for a long time ) , its mode has a very strong vacuum field associated with it ( the vacuum field can be thought of as the probability of a passing photon choosing to occupy that mode ) .
Surrounding this are the countless unconfined vacuum modes associated with free space , each of which has a very small vacuum field associated with it .
So the passing photon , confined in the fiber , finds its field overlapping with the immensely strong vacuum field of the toroid , and tunnels through the glass barrier , across the vacuum , and into the toroid .
If set up correctly , this happens with a probability very close to one .
Now we 've got the photon in the toroid , and its going to stay there for a long time .
Eventually , however , it will depart — every time it goes past the fiber , it feels the vacuum field associated with the empty fiber .
When it does leave , it will continue down the fiber as if nothing had happened .
The researchers take advantage of the time it spends in the toroid , however , by literally raining cold cesium atoms down onto this space .
As the atoms enter the fields associated with the photon , the photon responds as if the diameter of the toroid had suddenly increased .
To understand why , you have to know that a key property of an optical resonator is that a photon , on returning to its starting location , has exactly the same phase as when it started .
The photons that will resonate in the toroid are those that see the total length of a complete circuit as a whole number product of their half wavelengths .
This is what causes the constructive interference that allows a huge optical field to build up .
The presence of the cesium atom lengthens the circuit length and , as a result , the photon does n't fit in the toroid anymore .
Instead , it gets absorbed by the atom , which sits around for a while and then re-radiates the photon back into the toroid .
But — and this is the cool part — the photon hits the atom from a particular direction and , as a result , sets the electrons around the atom vibrating at a particular orientation .
Consequently , it cannot radiate the photon back into the toroid in the same direction that it was traveling previously .
Instead , it radiates it in the reverse direction .
Since the photon is now circulating the reverse direction , when it finally tunnels back into the optical fiber , it will be going in the opposite direction .
The presence of the atom has acted as a switch to change the direction the photon was going .
There are some other very cool things about this .
As a single atom passes by the toroid , it has time , on average , to re-route a single photon .
So although the photons heading into this device look like steady streams of photons with gaps ( a phenomenon called bunching ) , the reflected photons are single photons with big gaps , called anti-bunched .
Another important feature is that the router is robust in terms of physical alignment .
As long as the fiber is close enough to the toroid , the exact distance does n't matter that much , a property that holds true of the cesium atoms as well .
You might be asking how such a system can provide the proverbial quantum " if " statement .
The answer to this lies in the absorption of the photon by the atom .
If the atom cannot absorb the photon because it is already in an excited state that does n't allow it , then the atom will not route the photon .
I can envision setting up an experiment where there is a specific probability that the atom is in an excited state , called a superposition state .
The photon would then be reflected or transmitted in a probabilistic manner that reflects the probabilities of the superposition state , meaning the router would display quantum behaviors .
I wonder if I can use this to get money for predicting the contents of Science six months in advance .
Physical Review Letters , 2009 , DOI : 10.1103/PhysRevLett.102.083601
Listing image by Vahala Research Group
Oskar Schindler helped hundreds of Jews during World War II
A list compiled by the German industrialist Oskar Schindler has been discovered by a researcher at a library in Australia .
Schindler 's list helped hundreds of Jewish workers escape death in the Holocaust during World War II .
It was found in research notes which belonged to the Australian author of Schindler 's Ark - the basis for the Oscar - winning film , Schindler 's List .
The document was found at the New South Wales Library in Sydney .
It saved 801 men from the gas chambers - it's an incredibly moving piece of history
Library co-curator Olwen Pryke
There are 13 pages of fragile , yellowing paper , upon which are typed the names and nationalities of 801 Jewish people .
They are being described as some of the most powerful documents of the 20th Century .
Gas chambers
The list was hurriedly typed on 18 April 1945 , in the closing days of World War II , and compiled by Oskar Schindler , a card - carrying Nazi .
Schindler ran a factory in Krakow , Poland , during the war , where he used Jewish labour .
Appalled by the conduct of the Nazis , he sought to persuade officials that his workers were vital to the war effort and should be spared from the death camps .
" It saved 801 men from the gas chambers ...
It 's an incredibly moving piece of history , " library co-curator Olwen Pryke said .
This Schindler 's list was found sandwiched between research notes and German newspaper clippings gathered by Australian author Thomas Keneally .
Ms Pryke said neither the library nor the book dealer , from whom it bought the six boxes of material in 1996 , realised the list was hidden among the documents .
Mr Keneally was handed the list almost 30 years ago in a shop in Los Angeles , by one of the people whom Schindler helped - Leopold Pfefferberg , Jewish worker 173 on the list .
Mr Pfefferberg wanted the novelist to write Schindler 's story .
Powerful Editing functions
It 's a piece of cake to do the editing
Crop the play region of video
Adjust the playing region of the video to fit for your player and your favor .
Set the video effect
Tipard Mac DVD to Creative Zen Converter supplies the video effect parameters , video Brightness , Contrast , Saturation and audio volume to optimize your output video effect .
Check Deinterlacing to convert interlaced video to the progressive one to avoid mosaic .
Merge several chapters of DVD into one file
With several files merged into one file for output , you 'll enjoy a single long movie with a single click .
Trim and add watermark
Clip any segment of your DVD by set the exact start and end time or just drag the slide bar .
Besides , you can add different watermark types
If this year 's Digital Music Forum : East event offered a glimpse into the collective mind of the music business , then it was obvious that the industry is suffering from multiple personality disorder .
There was an overall recognition that licensing music was too complex and too harmful to efforts to find ways of competing with the free , unlicensed material that 's available online .
But it was also clear that different parts of the music business have different visions about what 's worth saving as the industry evolves , visions which , in some cases , are decidedly trapped in the past .
Two sessions , one on copyright reform , the other called " Licensing 2.0 , " really highlighted the challenges facing the industry , the first and foremost of which is that licensing is a mess .
Even one of the people who tended to argue for the status quo , Jim Cooperman of Wind - up Records , started his talk with an extensive introduction to how complex the process of licensing any music is , and why that 's likely to discourage anyone from getting involved in the music business .
The Licensing 2.0 panel brought out some of the complexities , as it became clear that there were both multiple licensing groups , and that different types of digital music — downloads , streams , subscriptions — may require different combinations of mechanical and performance royalties .
Given the rapid pace of software development , the precise combination that 's legally required has n't even been formalized yet for some media , although the ASCAP representative on the panel made it clear that his group would be happy to grab its share of payments whenever possible .
Presumably , the same is true for the other licensing bodies .
" The fact that the law is driving the business is a problem , " DiMA 's Jon Potter said .
" The fact that we 're sitting here saying the same things year after year is a problem . "
The clearest sense of how messy things are came from Cecily Mak of RealNetworks , who said her company had negotiated agreements with over 300 different groups .
Many of these were simply proactive attempts to make sure the company does n't wind up getting sued if the mechanical vs. performance royalties question gets settled in a way that would otherwise leave Real in legal hot water .
Despite this mess , everyone in the music business reiterated that they wanted to work with the people who are trying to do innovative things with digital music — they want the kids in the dorm room who might otherwise write the modern - day equivalent of Napster to try to make sure they start out legitimately , instead of worrying about the legal mess only when called to by the courts .
But how they expect some kids in a dorm room to navigate the licensing maze without major reforms was n't made clear .
Besides , argued the Consumer Electronics Association 's Michael Petricone , new developments are always disruptive : " new technologies are a bit like rowdy teens — they run around and blow up mailboxes a bit , but then they settle down . "
But even if the industry wants the licensing for the rowdy teens to be made easier , it 's clear that many of its members hope that this can be accomplished without anything else in the business changing .
Jay Rosenthal of the National Music Publishers Association argued that the RIAA 's lawsuit binge was a good thing for the music business , and he was joined in that by Wind - up 's Cooperman .
( Petricone was incredulous and pointed out that surveys suggested the RIAA had made itself as unpopular as Haliburton . )
Rosenthal also argued that fair use has been pushed too far , and when talking about songwriters and performers , said , " I do n't want them to be digital street musicians . "
That 's a far cry from Warner Music 's Jim Griffin , who had said the day earlier that " Sound recording 's economics is now a tip jar . "
Where are the sold - out stadiums of yesteryear ?
Over the course of the panel , it also became clear that both Rosenthal and Cooperman cared as much for the basic structure of the record business from the past few decades as they did for the artists within it .
There was lots of wistful talk about how record companies used to be able to launch careers that led to sold - out stadiums , but have failed to do so in recent years .
Jon Potter of DiMA , which has been negotiating with SoundExchange on behalf of streaming Internet radio , retorted that this was because they 're spending the money suing Pandora rather than on developing musicians .
Regardless of legal tactics or the fact that stadium seats are now too expensive to encourage sellouts , it did n't seem to register that the business model where labels launch superstars might have been a historical aberration , one that was a product of radio and physical media dominating music distribution .
The CEA 's Petricone was the only one who did seem to get this , as he pointed out that the same medium that was causing all the problems — the Internet — was allowing bands to experiment with ways to connect directly with their fans .
He mentioned a case where a band was offering bonus download tracks once their albums sold certain numbers , which encouraged fans to evangelize their friends , and another where the band was willing to schedule dates anywhere they were guaranteed a certain income .
That could be in small venues that knew they'd hit a minimum of ticket sales , or in someone 's back yard , provided their friends were willing to pay .
Wind - up 's Cooperman dismissed this by saying that the bands were only making money by touring .
What might have been more relevant is that money from touring generally does n't go through the record company .
These two panels made it clear that nearly everyone in the music business recognizes that the complexities of getting legal access to music was harming the business as a whole .
But it was also obvious that there are people in the business that hope the licensing can change without any impact on their corner of the industry , and that everyone involved is still looking to get their cut from any new technology that comes along .
The sort of pessimism this engenders was probably best voiced by DiMA 's Jon Potter .
" The fact that the law is driving the business is a problem , " he said .
" The fact that we 're sitting here saying the same things year after year is a problem . "
Jude Law : Transvestite Supermodel in ' Rage '
's latest film Rage is in post - production and will hit theaters later this year .
The edgy murder mystery also starsandand is set in the fashion houses of New York .
Directed by Sally Potter , the movie has the 36 year old actor cast as a transvestite supermodel named Minx .
We 've included side by side photos for comparison .
He really does make a very attractive woman in his black wig and makeup .
The movie trailer is not yet available .
Less desirable assets , brands like Hummer and underperforming factories , would be left in the old company .
Proceeds from the sales , including stock in the new company , would be given to the old G.M. , helping to settle claims .
The plans are still being discussed , and the details are subject to change , people familiar with the talks said .
G.M. joins a long list of companies in industries like airlines , railroads and steelmakers that have faced the prospect of being remade in bankruptcy .
Typically , a troubled company usually seeks to line up creditors , employees and other stakeholders for a plan of reorganization before a bankruptcy filing .
Failure to achieve this agreement can create a prolonged and messy court process as the company battles its creditors while its business and financing rapidly deteriorate .
Elements of the government ’s plans for G.M. are in some ways similar to the demise of Lehman Brothers last fall .
A day after filing for Chapter 11 protection , the securities firm agreed to sell the bulk of its North American business to Barclays Capital , the British bank .
The sale was completed in a little more than three days .
The administration hopes to win support from some of G.M. ’s creditors , notably the United Automobile Workers , which would be forced to pare its health care benefits and whose pension obligations would probably remain in the old company .
But the bankruptcy code allows a judge to approve a sale even over creditor objections in an emergency under Section 363 , legal experts say .
Such was the case with the Lehman sale .
While the automaker would not be the biggest company ever to file for bankruptcy protection 
Lehman holds that dubious distinction  it is woven into a complex international web of suppliers and subsidiaries .
One goal of any reorganization plan would be to minimize disruption to other businesses .
“ This would rank as one of the most , if not the most complex bankruptcy in history , ” said Stephen F. Cooper , founder and former chairman of Zolfo Cooper , a turnaround firm .
Mr. Cooper , who ran Enron during its bankruptcy , added that politics would influence any plan .
Infowars
Wikipedia
April 12 , 2009
The extent of fluoridated water usage around the world .
Colors indicate the percentage of population in each country that receives fluoridated water , where the fluoridation is to levels recommended for preventing tooth decay ( sic ) .
This includes both artificially and naturally fluoridated water .
The data for this map are taken from Table 31 ( pp. 35 –6 ) of :
The British Fluoridation Society ; The UK Public Health Association ; The British Dental Association ; The Faculty of Public Health ( 2004 ) .
“ The extent of water fluoridation ” , One in a Million :
The facts about water fluoridation , 2nd , 55 – 80 .
March , 2009 .
From Wikipedia
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Google redesign ( Google in a grid )
Thursday , March 12 , 2009 { 17 Comments }
Responses to “ Google redesign ( Google in a grid ) ”
Google line based results have served us well all these years .
Line based results are great for text .
But with increasing internet speed line based result are little outdated .
Often we have pictures , videos ( maybe sounds one day ) inside the search result .
I think grids are much better when we want to integrate text and pictures ( videos ) .
What about bigger font size and bigger input text box .
Here aredifferent examples ( ) : This was just a little experiment , when working on possible real redesign many other factors and tests like monitor size , number of columns in various monitor , were to insert various videos or pictures should be considered .
First , grids can use the space better horizontally and vertically .
Much better experience for users .
More visibility for AdWords Sponsored Links , hence extra money for Google ;) For this experiment I used Malo - CSS Library
Nice to see the Big Media company kept its promise and this was n’t just another bullshit marketing gimmick :
Burbank , Calif . – April 29 , 2009 — Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures has arranged with The Nature Conservancy to plant 2.7 million trees in Brazil ’s Atlantic Forest , one of the planet ’s most endangered rainforests , it was announced by Dick Cook , chairman , The Walt Disney Studios .
In keeping with the Disneynature EARTH ’s themes of protecting the planet and its wildlife , Walt Disney Studios volunteered to plant a tree in honor of every moviegoer who saw the film during its first week of release .
The motion picture grossed an impressive $ 16.1 million at the box office during week one and broke an opening day record as well as an opening weekend record for a nature documentary .
Through its campaign to Plant a Billion Trees ( www.plantabillion.org),
The Nature Conservancy , one of the world ’s leading international conservation organizations and its local partners are working to reforest 2.5 million acres of land and re-connect more than 12 million acres in Brazil ’s Atlantic Forest , one of the planet ’s most endangered and ecologically significant rainforests .
This restoration effort will allow hundreds of plants and animals to re-colonize their former habitats and will protect vital watersheds .
Commenting on the announcement , Cook said , “ We ’re proud to be working with The Nature Conservancy , one of the world ’s most effective conservation organizations , in planting trees in the endangered Brazilian Atlantic Forest .
Through the Conservancy ’s Plant a Billion Trees campaign , we have an opportunity to honor those who supported ‘ EARTH ’ by making a tangible and lasting contribution to conserving globally - significant wildlife habitat .
Our goal with Disneynature is to entertain and inform moviegoers about the wonders of our planet , and encourage them to learn more about what they can do to conserve nature . ”
“ Disney has created a spectacular portrait of our planet with Disneynature ’s ‘ EARTH ’ and demonstrated their commitment to the planet by supporting our ambitious , large - scale reforestation effort to restore and preserve the magnificent Atlantic Forest , ” said Mark Tercek , President and CEO of The Nature Conservancy .
“ We applaud Disney for their contribution to our effort to plant and restore one billion trees by 2015 in the Atlantic Forest , a global conservation priority area of rich biodiversity . ”
Where the Atlantic Forest survives , it presents some of the most spectacular landscapes on Earth .
The region is home to more than 200 bird species and 60 percent of all Brazil ’s endangered species .
And , on fewer than two and a half acres , scientists have identified more than 450 tree species – more species than are found on the entire eastern seaboard of the United States .
The forest also is important because it is the source of clean drinking water for 120 million people .
Today , however , only 7 percent of the original Atlantic Forest remains in well - preserved but isolated fragments .
The Nature Conservancy ’s initiative in the Atlantic Forest contributes to the global effort by the United Nations Environment Programme ( UNEP ) to plant at least one billion trees worldwide each year , with a cumulative goal for 2009 of planting 7 billion trees worldwide .
Narrated by James Earl Jones , “ EARTH ” tells the remarkable story of three animal families and their amazing journeys across the planet we call home .
“ EARTH ” combines rare action , unimaginable scale and impossible locations by capturing the most intimate moments of our planet ’s wildest and most elusive creatures .
Directors Alastair Fothergill and Mark Linfield , the acclaimed creative team behind the Emmy Award® - winning “ Planet Earth , ” combine forces again to bring this epic adventure to the big screen .
Ever since I was a little kid , I 've wanted to live in the world of cartoons .
Unfortunately , Toontown from Who Framed Roger Rabbit is n't real , even though I wished it would be on every one of my birthday cakes .
So the next best thing is to help create animation .
That 's when I had the dream of one day becoming a cartoon voice actor .
It 's the best job possible .
You roll up to a studio at noon in your sweatpants , goof around , voice funny characters , leave at 3 pm and get paid a shit - ton of money .
The only catch is that there are no jobs available .
This has always been the case .
Legendary actor Mel Blanc did the voice of every cartoon character from the mid-30s to the early 80s ( girl parts were done by June " Rocky The Squirrel and the old lady who takes care of Tweety Bird " Foray ) .
These days , the job field has expanded considerably to the cast of The Simpsons and about 5 other people .
So until Tom " Spongebob " Kenny screams his voice out at a death metal show , jobs are gonna be hard to come by .
So why did I enroll in a cartoon voice acting class , if job prospects are so minimal ?
It 's because I 'm a cartoon nerd , and this is my way of seeing what life would be like in the giant robot shoes of Peter " Optimus Prime " Cullen .
The class is taught by Dolores Diehl* , who was named one of the seven best voice teachers around by Animation Magazine .
And if there 's one thing Animation Magazine knows , it 's how to make lists of things .
Dolores is a sweet old pro who uses the phrase " golly " a lot , which is awesome .
Each week , we meet at a studio , where we 're given real animation audition sides to read and record , while Dolores gives notes and teaches us technique .
She works with the casting directors for all the major studios , and she 's been teaching for many years now .
Dolores is to voice acting what Egon is to paranormal sciences ( and I do mean Real Ghostbusters Egon , with the hair ) .
This past week , I gave my take on characters I barely remembered , like Foofur and Eleroo from The Wuzzles , then I ended the class with Batman ( the part this nerdy Jew was born to play ) .
Most of the people enrolled are in their mid-30's , so I 'm about ten years younger than everyone else .
I laughed when someone read , " it'll never happen again , d- d-d - Dr. Robotnik ! ! "
Suddenly , I knew exactly what character from Sonic he was voicing .
No one else found it funny , probably because they 're cool actors in an acting class , and not the guy who bought the Tiny Toons DVD on the first day it was released .
This is the most fun class I 've taken in LA .
ToonTown may not exist , but at least I can pretend to be Batman and have people take it seriously .
* So it 's an ugly looking website .
Wanna fight about it ?
Neil Schield knows the grim state of the music business as well as anyone ; last May , he was laid off from a company at the vanguard of digital music distribution .
But this month , Schield began an unlikely second act :
He opened a brick - and - mortar record store in Echo Park , with racks of tasteful inventory carrying price tags as high as $ 100 -- all presumed liabilities in an age when “ digital ” and “ free ” seem to rule the day .
For added chutzpah , Schield ’s shop , Origami Vinyl , exclusively stocks new vinyl LPs , presumed not long ago to be as dead as eight - track tapes .
Moreover , Origami is just one of at least three such shops opening in L.A. this spring ; the others are Vacation in Los Feliz and Little Radio , a downtown storefront operated by an Internet radio station and concert promoter .
The small boom is the result of a commercial rediscovery and appreciation of vinyl records among collectors and more casual audiences .
“ Sometimes I wonder , ‘ What am I doing ? ’ ” Schield said .
But “ it ’s the only corner of the physical music business that ’s growing . ”
Advertisement
If Schield needed any assurance that he was on the right track , it came even before Origami opened .
As his staff was preparing the store one day , Pete Townshend , the legendary guitarist of the Who , paid a visit .
Townshend had read a blog item about the shop and dropped by to see if it was open .
The return of the scruffy neighborhood record shop is as unexpected as the revival of vinyl .
After CDs first hit the U.S. market in 1983 , LPs were deemed largely obsolete .
Later , consumers ’ shift to file - trading and online retail outlets such as iTunes and Amazon.com gutted the storefront music business .
Between 2003 and last year , more than 3,000 record stores closed in the U.S. , including such Los Angeles landmarks as Tower Records on the Sunset Strip .
Independent shops such as Rhino Westwood and Aron ’s Records in Hollywood accounted for nearly half the losses , according to the Almighty Institute of Music Retail , a database and marketing firm .
Today , there are 185 record stores in the L.A. area , down from 259 at the beginning of 2007 .
But as mass marketing of LPs faded , some listeners began rediscovering vinyl .
It ’s not just older fans who grew up with the decades - old format who attest to its tangible pleasures -- the arresting artwork , the labor of love that goes into flipping LP sides and the fact that many audiophiles say vinyl sounds better .
Younger listeners raised on torrent files can see LPs as a kind of talisman too .
Advertisement
“ I ’ve always marveled at every new generation of 15 - year - old boys who go to the Doors vinyl section and say , ‘ Wow , an original Doors LP ! ’ ” said Marc Weinstein , founder of Amoeba Music , the three - store chain whose Hollywood branch is among the largest independent retail record stores in the U.S.
“ Major labels should have capitalized on this years ago . ”
Slowly they are , by pressing a growing list of vinyl catalog reissues and new albums by marquee artists such as U2 .
Nielsen SoundScan reported 1.88 million sales of new LPs last year , an 89 % increase over 2007 .
And that figure is almost certainly conservative , as many independent retailers do not report their sales to SoundScan ; the service says that more than two - thirds of vinyl albums are sold at indie operations .
Of course , to play a record , you need a turntable -- and the market has responded with low - cost models that are more versatile than their earlier counterparts .
Crosley Radio , for example , specializes in retro-styled record players sold in stores such as Target , Macy ’s and Urban Outfitters .
Its basic model retails for less than $ 80 ; for a little more , there ’s a version with a USB port that allows music to be uploaded to a computer .
( In addition , many LPs come with free digital download cards . )
“ By the end of 2008 , over 50 % of our business was in new vinyl , which amounts to millions of dollars a year , ” said Matt Wishnow , founder of the New York - based online music retailer Insound.com .
Its turntable sales increased 200 % in 2008 , with the company shipping dozens daily during the holiday season .
Advertisement
But online retailers are not the only ones profiting from the market for new LPs .
Now , it may have reached a point where it can sustain the kind of small independent store once done in by downloading .
--
Trying again
Origami Vinyl is far from the first attempt at a record store in Echo Park .
In 2007 , Sea Level Records shuttered soon after a car drove through its Sunset Boulevard storefront -- a metaphor not lost on many in the neighborhood .
Advertisement
But Schield is hoping to fare better , with a new stock of blog - hyped indie rock and the classic hip - hop , folk and world music , set amid a minimalist - vintage decor featuring tungsten - filament lightbulbs and a spiral staircase .
Origami , which opened April 3 , also does more than just sell records , serving as the daytime box office for the nearby Echo , Echoplex and Spaceland clubs .
Likewise , Little Radio founder Dave Conway is counting on income from booking concerts at the adjacent Regent Theatre to help pay the rent at his shop , where the windows are decorated with rotating LPs as varied as vintage soul and new local acts like the alt - country band Everest .
“ I do n’t think this is all that crazy , ” Conway said of his latest venture , opening in May .
“ Just putting these records up in the windows , you can see how excited people are .
With all the cafes and bars here , a record store fits right in . ”
Advertisement
Over in Los Feliz , Vacation falls squarely in the area ’s tradition of impressively bearded young men hawking exotic imported albums .
“ We ’re banking on people liking vinyl for the long haul , ” said co-owner Mark Thompson , who also co-founded and runs the experimental - metal label Hydra Head Records .
“ With CDs , you have an obligation to keep a low price tier .
But with vinyl , if you do awesome work , you do n’t have to worry so much about the cost . ”
--
A high price
Though that is true for some collectors , others might think a $ 25 180 - gram double - gatefold LP is more an indulgence than a necessity , especially in today ’s economy .
And the high price of manufacturing , shipping and stocking vinyl wo n’t be dropping soon .
Advertisement
Most of the equipment used to manufacture LPs is antiquated , and that limits potential cost - saving competition , said Don MacInnis , owner of Record Technology Inc. , a Camarillo - based vinyl pressing plant that handles independent labels such as Sub Pop as well as major projects like U2’s new album “ No Line on the Horizon . ”
“ I do n’t see the market ever getting large enough to start making presses again .
Our newest machine was purchased in 1984 , ” MacInnis said .
“ A big part of this resurgence will be temporary .
Many people will soon realize the big pain factor of being a vinyl aficionado .
You can make money at it if you price your records high enough , but it ’s not going to be big dollars . ”
Even some local devotees are skeptical about the new stores ’ prospects , given their lack of offbeat used vinyl ( though Vacation carries a small selection ) .
“ It ’s all well and good to go out and buy the new Yeah Yeah Yeahs or Iron & Wine , but you need to have something different and exclusive going on to keep people coming back for that unknown quantity , ” said Scott Tarasco , an L.A. collector who spends hundreds of dollars a month on LPs .
“ Quality used vinyl flies out the door .
There ’s got to be something in there that ’s going to throw me for a loop . ”
At Amoeba -- whose size and clout give it chain - store competitive advantages alongside its indie credibility with music fans -- new and used vinyl makes up no more than 20 % of sales , according to founder Weinstein .
Advertisement
And even with the recent uptick in vinyl sales , the general outlook for music retail still looks grim .
In the last year , total U.S. album sales were down 14 % from 2007 , a figure that includes a 32 % gain in digital album sales , according to SoundScan figures .
But such dire statistics do n’t dampen the enthusiasm of the new retailers , who have faith that the crackle of a vinyl record is one of the few things music fans can rely on .
“ To me , it ’s just awesome that there are all these other new stores , ” Thompson said .
“ It reassures me that I ’m not doing something totally stupid . ”
--
Advertisement
august.brown@latimes.com
Gmail , you ’re growing up so fast - lately .
The email service , which recently added the ability to attach multiple files at the same time and undo sent messages , has addressed another rather rudimentary function of other mail programs : the option to insert images directly into messages .
Like most other recent enhancements , “ insert images ” is an optional feature that can be found in Gmail Labs ( under “ Settings ” -> “ Labs ” ) .
Once enabled , you ’ll get an insert image icon when composing a message ( if you ’re in rich formatting mode ) , and can then select an image either from your desktop or from a URL .
As Gmail engineer Kent Tamura notes , when you send a message to another Gmail user using an image URL , that user will have to click “ display images below ” to see them .
That ’s because as Tamura says “ Gmail does n't show URL - based images in messages by default to protect you from spammers . ”
Personally , it ’s not a feature I ’m likely to use often , because being on the receiving end of many emails that include images , the formatting is often a mess .
Nonetheless , perhaps it brings
Gmail just one more step closer to finally removing the “ Beta ” tag from Gmail .
More Gmail Resources From Mashable
The Aston Martin One - 77 that has been shown in various states of readiness made its world premier in final form at the Concorso d’Eleganza in Lake Como , Italy .
Not only was it a show stopper but it also won the coveted ‘ Design Award for Concept Cars and Prototypes . ’
The last time we got a glimpse of this supercar it was basically just a rolling chassis at the Geneva Motor Show in March .
Now , it has been completely built out with working drivetrain and transmission along with a lavish interior .
A total of 77 units will be produced , hence the name One - 77 .
Aston Martin CEO Dr. Ulrich Bez stated , “ Embodying everything Aston Martin stands for ; the One - 77 has proven itself as the most desirable automotive art form at its premiere today .
We have achieved a new level of design and craftsmanship which has been clearly recognised by the public here in the homeland of design at Villa d’Este . ”
Pricing starts around $ 1.5 million .
For this you get a 7.3 liter V12 engine putting out over 750 hp controlled via a six - speed robotized gearbox with steering wheel mounted paddle shifters .
The car weighs in at around 3,300 pounds which is actually light for a car with all the luxury appointments that the One - 77 has been outfitted .
The Aston Martin One - 77 will be able to make the sprint from 0 to 60 mph in under 3.5 seconds with a top speed of over 200 mph .
Source : Aston Martin
Finally , a little honesty .
Finally , after America has frittered away billions of taxpayer dollars arming Latin American death squads , airdropping toxic herbicide on equatorial farmland , and incarcerating more of its own citizens on nonviolent drug charges than any other industrialized nation , two political leaders last week tried to begin taming the most wildly out of control beast in the government zoo : federal narcotics policy .
It started with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton stating an embarrassingly obvious truth that politicians hardly ever discuss .
In a speech about rising violence in Mexico , she said , “ Our insatiable demand for illegal drugs fuels the drug trade , ” and then added that “ we have co-responsibility ” for the cartel - driven carnage plaguing our southern border .
She ’s right , of course .
For all the Rambo-ish talk about waging a “ War on Drugs ” that interdicts the supply of narcotics , we have not diminished demand — specifically , demand for marijuana that cartels base their business on .
According to the Office of National Drug Control Policy , Americans spend about $ 9 billion a year on Mexican pot .
Add that to the roughly $ 36 billion worth of domestically produced weed , and cannabis has become one of the continent ’s biggest cash crops .
As any mob movie illustrates , mixing such “ insatiable ” demand for a product with statutes outlawing said product guarantees the emergence of a violent black market — in this case , one in which Mexican drug cartels reap 62 percent of their profits from U.S. marijuana sales .
That last stat , provided by the White House drug czar , is the silver lining .
Every American concerned about Mexico ’s security problems should be thankful that the cartels are so dependent on marijuana , and not a genuinely hazardous substance like heroin .
Why ?
Because that means through pot legalization , we can bring the marijuana trade out of the shadows and into the safety of the regulated economy , consequently eliminating the black market the cartels rely on .
And here ’s the best part :
We can do so without fearing any more negative consequences than we already tolerate in our keg - party culture .
Though President Obama childishly laughed at a question about legalization during his recent town - hall meeting , his government implicitly admits that marijuana is safer than light beer .
Indeed , as federal agencies acknowledge alcohol ’s key role in deadly illnesses and domestic violence , their latest anti-pot fear mongering is an ad campaign insisting — I kid you not — that marijuana is dangerous because it makes people zone out on their couches and diminishes video gaming skills .
( This is your government on drugs : Cirrhosis and angry tank - topped lushes beating their wives are more acceptable risks than stoners sitting in their basements ineptly playing Halo … any questions ? ) .
Despite this idiocy , despite polls showing most Americans support some form of legalization , and despite such legalization promising to generate billions of dollars in tax revenue , Clinton only acknowledged the uncomfortable reality about demand .
That ’s certainly no small step , but she did not address drug - policy reform .
Confronting that taboo subject was left to Sen. Jim Webb , D - Va .
Last week , this first - term lawmaker proposed creating a federal commission to examine potential changes to the prison system , including a relaxation of marijuana statutes .
Webb hails from a conservative - leaning swing state whose criminal - justice laws are among the nation ’s most draconian , so there ’s about as much personal political upside for him in this fight as there is for Clinton — that is to say , almost none .
That is n’t stopping him , though .
“ The elephant in the bedroom in many discussions on the criminal - justice system is the sharp increase in drug incarceration , ” he said in a speech , later telling the Huffington Post that pot legalization “ should be on the table . ”
Finally , a little honesty — and now , maybe , some action .
David Sirota is a fellow at the Campaign for America ’s Future .
Find his blog at OpenLeft.com or e-mail him at [ email protected ]
– Article from The Seattle Times .
Falcons trade 2010 second round pick to Chiefs for Gonzalez
According to FOXSports.com , the Falcons traded their second round pick in the 2010 draft to the Chiefs in exchange for tight end Tony Gonzalez .
This deal works well for all parties involved .
The Falcons wanted to give quarterback Matt Ryan a target that could attack the middle of the field in the passing game and presumably did n’t want to use their first round pick on a tight end prospect like Brandon Pettigrew with so many needs on the defensive side of the ball .
Gonzalez made it obvious after last season that he did n’t want to play for a team in rebuilding mode .
While Atlanta still has a long ways to go in filling holes on the defensive side of the ball , its postseason run last year indicates that they have enough talent to win now – especially on the offensive side of the ball .
At 33 years old , Gonzo is no spring chicken but he hardly shows signs of slowing down after hauling in 96 receptions for 1,058 yards and 10 touchdowns last season .
And that was with Tyler Thigpen taking most of the snaps under center .
He might not be as involved in the Falcons ’ offense as he was in Kansas City because Atlanta relies so much on Michael Turner and the running game , but he no doubt makes Ryan and receivers Roddy White and Michael Jenkins better around him .
The Chiefs wanted a second round pick as compensation for Gonzo and although they did n’t get it for this year ’s draft , they ultimately got what they were asking for .
And considering the Falcons have never had back to back winning seasons in franchise history , there ’s a good chance that their second round pick will be higher next year than it is this year .
My 2008 Game Developers Conference lecture was titled Structure vs. Style , wherein I analyzed how we solve what I call " hard interactive problems " .
This lecture became mildly famous in game Artificial Intelligence circles because in it I posit we will eventually have a Photoshop of AI , whatever that means !
The lecture talks about the characteristics I think a tool like this will need to possess to be worthy of the name , but it 's very hard to know what it really means , or how to get there .
In fact , there 's a panel at the 2009 AI Summit at GDC debating this topic , The Photoshop of AI : Debating the Structure vs Style Decomposition of Game AI .
The thrust of this lecture is my claim that any solution to a " hard interactive problem " will have a structure vs. style decomposition .
I define " hard interactive problems " as problems at the intersection of technology , aesthetics , and interactivity .
The canonical example of a structure / style decomposition is the texture mapped triangle .
I claim the texture mapped triangle is the technology that has had the single greatest impact on games in our history , for better or for worse .
I think texture mapped triangles are so effective because they are described by both a very elegant and powerful structure ( x , y , z coordinates , u , v texture coordinates , connectivity , texels ) , and an incredibly rich and deep style ( the coordinates of the vertices , the colors in the texture ) .
The computer can reason about the triangles ' structure — drawing , hittesting , traversing — while artists can work on the style of the triangles — creating moods and atmosphere .
Other examples of great structure vs. style decompositions include wavetable synthesis , mesh skinning , motion capture processing , html+css , and typefaces .
The Spore creature animation system has an explicit structure vs. style decomposition at work as well , as does the creature paint , which I 'll write about in the future .
I 'll write more about these topics here at some point .
This work grew out of my original interest in sampling vs. synthesis as approaches to solving problems , and I think there 's a lot of good stuff to mine in this area for problem solving for games .
The materials :
The slides .
第 53 回 マセマティカを作った 男
脇英世
2009/4/27
第 52回｜1 2｜次のページ
本連載を初めて読む人へ：先行き不透明な時代をITエンジニアとして生き抜くためには、何が必要なのでしょうか。それを学ぶ1つの手段として、わたしたちはIT業界で活躍してきた人々の偉業を知ることが有効だと考えます。本連載では、IT業界を切り開いた117人の先駆者たちの姿を紹介します。普段は触れる機会の少ないIT業界の歴史を知り、より誇りを持って仕事に取り組む一助としていただければ幸いです。（編集部）
本連載は 、2002 年 ソフトバンク パブリッシング（現ソフトバンク クリエイティブ）刊行の書籍 『IT 業界の開拓者たち』を、著者である脇英世氏の許可を得て転載しており、内容は当時のものです。
ステファン・ウルフラム （Stephen Wolfram）――
マセマティカ開発者、ウルフラムリサーチCEO
技術計算システムのマセマティカ（Mathematica）を開発することで、数値計算や数式処理、2次元・3次元の視覚化、テクニカルパブリッシングの世界に独自の道を切り開いたのが、ステファン・ウルフラムである。
1959年8月、英国のロンドンに生まれたステファン・ウルフラムは、8歳でオックスフォードのドラゴン・スクールに入り、13歳で卒業した。父親は貿易業を営む一方で小説を書いており、母親はオックスフォード大学で哲学の教授をしていたという。ステファン・ウルフラム自身の語るところによれば、両親は彼のことを「救いようのないおかしな子ども」と感じていた。また「精神的に混乱していて、人生で成功するわけがない」と決めつけていたという。しかし、成績は抜群に良かったらしく、奨学金をもらって名門のイートン校に入学した。
イートン校では、神童ぶりをいかんなく発揮している。出版はされなかったが、13歳で素粒子論の本を書いた。「サブアトミック粒子の物理学」「弱い相互作用入門」という表題であったらしい。しかし、結局出版されなかったのだから、コメントのしようもない。この人の経歴には、そういった部分が多い。
ステファン・ウルフラムは、14歳でエリオット903Cコンピュータのプログラミングを始め、コンピュータの実験を開始する。コンピュータに取り組む年齢としては、そう早い方ではないだろう。わたしの大学でも、もっと幼いころからコンピュータに触れていた学生がいる。
15歳になったステファン・ウルフラムは、最初の科学論文を書き上げた。この論文は16歳のときに出版されたが、本人は好きではなかったようだ。「あの論文はあまり面白くなかった。きれいとはいい難かった。わたしは、もう論文のコピーすら持っていない」と語っている。従って、論文の題名も定かではないが、ハドロン電子に関するものであったという。
第2の論文は16歳のときに書かれた。「粒子が崩壊する際のニュートラルな弱い相互作用」という表題で、1976年に核物理学誌に掲載された。17歳でイートン校を去った。正式には卒業していない。ラテン語や古典の勉強が嫌いで、科学により惹かれていたからだという。
ステファン・ウルフラムは、イートン校を去った後、オックスフォード大学に入学する。高校を卒業しないで、そのようなことが可能なのだろうかと思うが、可能であったという。入学した初日に1年生の講義に出たが、ひどいものだと感じたらしい。翌日、3年生の講義に出てみたものの、これも退屈極まりないものだった。結局、この天才は、大学での講義にはまったく出席しなかった。必要なことはすべて書物から学んだといっている。
18歳になると、オックスフォード大学のラザフォード研究所の理論部門で働き始める。この年に、3番目の科学論文を書いた。ARPANETを使い始め、代数的計算システムに親しみ、さらに、オックスフォード大学の試験で首席となっている。アルゴンヌ国立研究所の高エネルギー理論物理学グループでも働き、重いクォーク生成の古典的論文を書いている。一見すると華々しい経歴のようだが、詳しく検討してみると、結局はオックスフォード大学も卒業していないことが分かる。つまり、この時点では中卒と同様である。
ステファン・ウルフラムは19歳になると、ノーベル賞学者のゲルマンの招きで米国のロサンゼルス郊外にあるカリフォルニア工科大学の大学院に入学する。ここが理解に苦しむところで、高校も大学も卒業していないのに、名門カリフォルニア工科大学の大学院に入れるものだろうかと疑問に思う。しかし、ともかく本人の語るところによれば、カリフォルニア工科大学では、天文学と素粒子論の連関に気付き、素粒子論で成果を上げ、論文の数は10本を超えた。22歳のときには、科学論文は21本にまで達している。すさまじいものである。
20歳のとき、カリフォルニア工科大学から理論物理学でPh.Dの学位を受けた。「われわれがトリックをやった」とゲルマンは語ったという。高校、大学、修士課程のすべてを飛び越して、いきなり博士号を取ったのである。
ステファン・ウルフラムは、21歳でカリフォルニア工科大学の職員となった。正式の教員になったという記録がないことから、研究所員であったと思われる。
ゲルマンから見ると、ステファン・ウルフラムの興味は、ゲルマンやファインマンが期待した素粒子論から少し外れていたようだ。実際、ステファン・ウルフラムの興味は、21歳ごろからSMP（シンボリック・マニピュレーション・プログラム）、セルラ・オートマトン、フラクタル理論へと広がった。このSMPは、MITのMacsymaやランド社のReduceに端を発するものである。ステファン・ウルフラムは大学院生のクリス・コールやティム・ショーを雇い、さらに半ダースほどの学生を雇ってSMPプログラムを開発させた。これがマセマティカの前身になった。ステファン・ウルフラムは、このSMPの販売権をロサンゼルスのインファレンス・コーポレーションにライセンスするが、カリフォルニア工科大学が、ライセンスの権利は大学にあると主張して問題になったらしい。大学の職員が大学内の施設で達成した研究成果なのだから、当然ライセンスの権利は大学側に属するという論理である。比較的早い時期にSMPのアイデアがありながら、マセマティカの商品化が遅かったのには、こうした理由もあったようだ。
法廷外で和解が成立したものの、この事件でステファン・ウルフラムはカリフォルニア工科大学を去った。1982年のことである。体よく追い出されたという方が適切かもしれない。
1983年、ステファン・ウルフラムはプリンストン高等研究所に移った。ここはアインシュタインやオッペンハイマーといった著名な研究者がいたことで広く知られている。プリンストン高等研究所における待遇は、上級研究員であるが長期メンバーという、分かりにくいものである。つまり、雇用期限を定めた非常勤扱いの研究員なのである。これには相当な不満を持ったようだ。
プリンストン大学の高等研究所時代のステファン・ウルフラムは、1人閉じこもった孤独な男で、我慢ということをまったく知らず、誰にでも敵対する手に負えない若者であったらしい。この時代の伝説は多く、チョコレート中毒で1日100万枚のチョコレートを食べるというジョークがあった。また、ステファン・ウルフラムはゲームが嫌いであった。ゲームに負けるのが嫌いなだけでなく、時間の無駄と考えていたからである。
本連載は 、2002 年 ソフトバンク パブリッシング（現ソフトバンク クリエイティブ）刊行の書籍 『IT 業界の開拓者たち』を、著者である脇英世氏の許可を得て転載しており、内容は当時のものです。
第 52回｜1 2｜次のページ
WASHINGTON 
One of the leading House Democrats on intelligence matters was overheard on telephone calls intercepted by the National Security Agency agreeing to seek lenient treatment from the Bush administration for two pro-Israel lobbyists who were under investigation for espionage , current and former government officials say .
The lawmaker , Representative Jane Harman of California , became the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee after the 2002 election and had ambitions to be its chairwoman when the party gained control of the House in 2006 .
One official who has seen transcripts of several wiretapped calls said she appeared to agree to intercede in exchange for help in persuading party leaders to give her the powerful post .
One of the very few members of Congress with broad access to the most sensitive intelligence information , including aspects of the Bush administration ’s wiretapping that were disclosed in December 2005 , Ms. Harman was inadvertently swept up by N.S.A. eavesdroppers who were listening in on conversations during an investigation , three current or former senior officials said .
It is not clear exactly when the wiretaps occurred ; they were first reported by Congressional Quarterly on its Web site .
The official with access to the transcripts said someone seeking help for the employees of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee , a prominent pro-Israel lobbying group , was recorded asking Ms. Harman , a longtime supporter of its efforts , to intervene with the Justice Department .
She responded , the official recounted , by saying she would have more influence with a White House official she did not identify .
It 's time to breakup Goldman Sachs , Citigroup , and for that matter any bank or holding company deemed too big to fail .
It 's not just the " too big to fail " hazard that is troubling , it 's also the power these corporations have and the potential to abuse that power that is also troubling .
Please consider the article Incredibly Shrinking Market Liquidity as posted on the Zero Hedge blog .
A very interesting data point , also provided by the NYSE , implicates none other than administration darling Goldman Sachs in yet another potentially troubling development .
The chart below demonstrates the program trading broken down by the top 15 most active NYSE member firms .
I bring your attention to the total , principal , customer facilitation and agency columns .
Key to note here is that Goldman 's program trading principal to agency + customer facilitation ratio is a staggering 5x , which is multiples higher than both the second most active program trader and the average ratio of the NYSE , both at or below 1x .
The implication is that Goldman Sachs , due to its preeminent position not only as one of the world 's largest broker / dealers ( pardon , Bank Holding Companies ) , but also as being on the top of the high - frequency trading / liquidity provision " food chain " , trades much more often for its own ( principal ) benefit , likely in tandem with the other top dogs on the list : RenTec , Highbridge ( JP Morgan ) , and GETCO .
In this light , the program trading spike over the past week could be perceived as much more sinister .
For conspiracy lovers , long searching for any circumstantial evidence to catch the mysterious " plunge protection team " in action , you should look no further than this .
idea
possible
Citibank to Investors : We Suggest You Bet Against Us
March 31 ( Bloomberg ) Investors should buy put options on financial companies because derivatives - market trading suggests the industry will retreat after a 43 percent surge since March 6 , Citigroup Inc. said .
He recommended puts giving the right to sell the Financial Select Sector SPDR Fund [ XLF ] , an exchange - traded fund that tracks a basket of bank stocks , for $ 8 before May 15 .
XLF Daily Chart
advice
Goldman Harasses Mike Morgan
MorganFlorida
Goldman Sachs is attempting to shut down a dissident blogger who is extremely critical of the investment bank , its board members and its practices .
The bank has instructed Wall Street law firm Chadbourne & Parke to pursue blogger Mike Morgan , warning him in a recent cease - and - desist letter that he may face legal action if he does not close down his website .
Florida - based Mr Morgan began a blog entitled " Facts about Goldman Sachs " – the web address for which is goldmansachs 666.com – just a few weeks ago .
In that time Mr Morgan , a registered investment adviser , has added a number of posts to the site , including one entitled " Does Goldman Sachs run the world ? " .
However , many of the posts relate to other Wall Street firms and issues .
According to Chadbourne & Parke 's letter , dated April 8 , the bank is rattled because the site " violates several of Goldman Sachs ' intellectual property rights " and also " implies a relationship " with the bank itself .
Foolish Tactics By Goldman Sachs
This website has NOT been approved by Goldman Sachs , nor does this website have any affiliation with Goldman Sachs .
Sure , Matt Taibbi might think that Michelle Bachmann makes less sense than a huffer .
But actually , he needs to understand the reason for the seeming incoherence : she 's actually sending us all a warning of imminent doom from her faraway home , Planet Wingnuttia , which is floating out there in the far - right quadrant of the universe , somewhere in the vicinity of Uranus .
And the reception gets kind of funny from that far out .
Last night on Sean Hannity 's Fox show -- and earlier on Glenn Beck 's show as well -- we got the message loud and clear .
Beam her up , Scotty !
You see , on Planet Wingnuttia , Congress cannot empower someone from the Executive Branch to carry out its edicts because it's not written into the Constitution .
At least , that 's what she told Hannity .
Bachmann : I will say , Sean , our Constitution is to have a strict , enumerated powers of government .
Government was never intended to have this sort of an incredible intervention in the economy .
We are not a centralized , planned economy -- at least we 're not supposed to be .
We 're free - market capitalism .
Of course , on Planet Earth , the specific empowerment of the Treasury Secretary by Congress to pursue business regulations is pretty much the way things have operated for most of the nation 's existence under the Constitution that Bachmann seems to want to attach to her forehead and use as an antenna for receiving alien transmissions .
If she thinks it 's unconstitutional , why does n't she challenge the law passed by Congress ( and which Geithner is only dutifully fulfilling , as required by the Constitution ) , which is in fact the remedy provided by the Constitution for anyone who believes , as she apparently does , that the law is " unconstitutional " ?
Because , evidently , she 's a resident of Planet Wingnuttia , which enjoys diplomatic immunity in the House Republican Caucus .
Likewise , it seems that on Planet Wingnuttia , the proposal by China that the rest of the world go off the dollar as its chief unit of global exchange in fact actually means that the United States will have to go off the dollar too .
Now , down here on Planet Earth , China 's proposal has nothing to do with what currency we use in the United States ; it has to do with what kind of currency the rest of the world uses as its " reserve currency . "
We could pass Bachmann 's law and throw a big fat national hissy fit if we wanted , and it would n't make a damned bit of difference .
Because the proposal is one that would be decided by each and every other sovereign nation on the planet , choosing for themselves what kind of currency they choose to use .
But Bachmann keeps insisting that this is about a plan to " take the United States off the dollar " and institute a " One World Government " currency .
The woman is channeling our late friend , Helen Chenoweth .
And then she and Hannity wrap it up sweetly :
Bachmann :
We 're going to keep fighting for our freedom , Sean .
Hannity : And against tyranny .
Maybe they should paint their faces blue , don kilts , and bellow : " Freeeedom !!!!! "
They 'd be more convincing .
Oh , and what exactly did Geithner actually say about the dollar when he supposedly " retracted " the next day ?
" I have n’t read the governor ’s proposal .
He ’s a very thoughtful , very careful distinguished central banker .
I generally find him sensible on every issue , " Geithner said , saying that however his interpretation of the proposal was to increase the use of International Monetary Fund 's special drawing rights -- shares in the body held by its members -- not creating a new currency in the literal sense .
" We ’re actually quite open to that suggestion – you should see it as rather evolutionary rather building on the current architecture rather than moving us to global monetary union , " he said .
" The only thing concrete I saw was expanding the use of the [ special drawing rights ] , " Geithner said .
" Anything he ’s thinking about deserves some consideration . "
The continued use of the dollar as a reserve currency , he added , " depends ..on how effective we are in the United States ... at getting our fiscal system back to the point where people judge it as sustainable over time . "
Meanwhile , be sure to read Matt Yglesias on this :
Gumball Machine Superstore Gumball Machines , Gumballs , Vending Toys , and More
Gumball Machine Warehouse was founded on the mission of providing bulk vending equipment to the mass market for the lowest pricing possible .
Two concepts keep coming up whenever the people at Gumball Machine Warehouse are thinking of updating products .
Those concepts are dependability and profitability .
We feel good knowing that every machine we sell is 100 % dependable .
Our gumball machines give their operators the peace of mind knowing that the machine will be operational 24 hours a day , 7 days a week .
All machines sold are manufactured with the highest standards of manufacturing in the vending industry today with profitability for the vendor in mind .
All our vending products come with our Lowest Price Guarantee .
This assures you that your gumball machines and candy machines or any refills you purchase from our online vending store will not cost you less if purchased from any other North American online retailer .
MADRID -- Spanish prosecutors will recommend against opening an investigation into whether six Bush administration officials sanctioned torture against terror suspects at Guantanamo Bay , the country 's attorney general said today .
Candido Conde - Pumpido said the case against the high - ranking U.S. officials -- including former U.S. Attorney General Alberto Gonzales -- was without merit because the men were not present when the torture took place .
" If one is dealing with a crime of mistreatment of prisoners of war , the complaint should go against those who physically carried it out , " Conde - Pumpido said in a breakfast meeting with journalists .
He said a trial of the men would turn Spain 's National Court " into a plaything . "
Prosecutors at Spain 's National Court have not formally announced their decision in the case , but Conde - Pumpido is the country 's top law - enforcement official in the country and has the ultimate say .
A Spanish investigative judge is not bound to accept the prosecutor 's ruling , but it is highly unusual for a case to proceed without the support of prosecutors .
Now police probe a THIRD G20 complaint on day it emerges officer could face manslaughter charge following second post mortem result
A third incident involving the way the G20 protest was policed is being investigated , it has emerged .
The police complaints watchdog , the Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) is already investigating two cases of alleged police violence at the April 1 and April 2 protests , one against a woman and one against a man who later collapsed and died .
Now a third complaint is being investigated from a 23 - year - old London man who alleges he was assaulted by a Metropolitan Police officer .
The man claimed he was assaulted at a police cordon on Cornhill in the City of London some time between 6 pm and 7 pm on April 1 .
A spokesman for London 's Scotland Yard police headquarters said : " I can confirm that a third complaint has been referred to the IPCC . "
A still from a video shows Ian Tomlinson and police during the G20 protest
As Mr Tomlinson walks along with his hands in his pocket , an officer moves behind him
It comes as it was revealed that the policeman filmed shoving a man to the ground at the G20 protests could face a manslaughter charge .
The Metropolitan Police riot squad officer was interviewed yesterday on suspicion of killing Ian Tomlinson after a second post - mortem revealed he died from internal bleeding , and not a heart attack as first thought .
Further tests will follow but a file is likely to be passed to the Crown Prosecution Service .
Last night the Tomlinson family 's lawyer said the new findings ' significantly increase ' the likelihood that the officer will now face the more serious charge of manslaughter , rather than assault .
They have also raised serious questions about the initial Scotland Yard response to Mr Tomlinson 's death , and the delays in handing over the investigation of the case to the Independent Police Complaints Commission .
Mr Tomlinson 's stepson , Paul King , said the family hoped that the ' full truth ' about how the 47 - year - old died would be made known .
He said : ' First we were told there had been no contact with the police , then we were told that he died of a heart attack .
Now we know he was violently assaulted by a police officer and died from internal bleeding .'
Questions are also certain to be asked about the controversial pathologist who carried out the first post - mortem examination .
Dr Freddy Patel , who has previously been disciplined by the General Medical Council , concluded that Mr Tomlinson died of a heart attack despite finding a ' substantial amount of blood ' in his abdominal cavity .
The video shows the officer lunging at Mr Tomlinson , who immediately falls forward
A passer - by helps Mr Tomlinson while the officer , circled , stands in the distance
His ' provisional ' conclusion was that Mr Tomlinson died of ' coronary artery disease ' and said he had heart and liver diseases .
Concerned about the accuracy of the findings , both the family and the Independent Police Complaints Commission asked for another post - mortem examination to be carried out by the widely - respected Dr Nat Cary .
While Dr Cary found that Mr Tomlinson did suffer from heart disease , he decided that the condition was ' unlikely to have contributed to the cause of death ' .
Instead , he concluded that an ' abdominal haemorrhage ' killed Mr Tomlinson .
The precise cause of that haemorrhage remains unknown until further tests are carried out .
Police give first aid as Mr Tomlinson lies dying near the Bank of England
Scotland Yard said it was unable to comment on the new findings due to the IPCC investigation but said it continued to ' co- operate fully ' with the independent inquiry .
A spokesman said : ' The Metropolitan Police wishes to reiterate its sincere regret in relation to the death of Ian Tomlinson . '
Mr Tomlinson , a heavy drinker , died on April 1 amid the G20 protests near the Bank of England .
The father of nine was not a protester and lived nearby in a hostel for the homeless .
G20 death : Police officers move Ian Tomlinson at the G20 protests
At first , the official police version of events was that his death had no connection with the policing of the protest .
Indeed , in the aftermath of Mr Tomlinson 's collapse , Scotland Yard issued a statement describing how officers trying to help him were pelted with bottles by protesters .
On April 3 , the City of London police said he had died of a heart attack .
But on April 7 video footage taken by a New York fund manager emerged which showed him being hit on the legs with a baton and being shoved aggressively to the ground at 7.20 pm .
At 7.30 , Mr Tomlinson collapsed and died .
It was not until the following day that the IPCC took over the investigation from the City of London Police force and Scotland Yard was forced into a damage limitation exercise , claiming it had never tried to mislead the public over the death .
The police constable who pushed him - an officer with the Metropolitan Police 's Territorial Support Group whose shoulder identification number appears to be missing in the film - was suspended from duty on April 9 .
The IPCC confirmed last night that the officer had been interviewed under caution by their investigators and in the presence of his solicitor .
This means that they are compiling a case file which will be passed to the Crown Prosecution Service ,
Jules Carey , solicitor for Mr Tomlinson 's widow Julia and his family , said that the family had known the findings of the second report for a week but had had to ' endure the holding back ' of the results because of IPCC fears that it might prejudice their investigation .
Flowers left at the spot near the Bank of England , close to where Mr Tomlinson died
He said : ' The video footage of the unprovoked and vicious assault on Ian would easily justify charges of assault being brought against the officer .
' The findings of Dr Nat Cary significantly increase the likelihood that the officer will now face the more serious charge of manslaughter . '
The lawyer said the family hoped that the IPCC investigation ' will be expedited and thorough and that there will be a prompt referral to the Crown Prosecution Service for charge ' .
Met chief Sir Paul Stephenson has already ordered a review into policing tactics at the protests .
In all , 145 people have complained to the IPCC following the protests which coincided with the meeting of the G20 leaders in London .
By Martin Hutchinson
Contributing Editor
Money Morning
Endless reports in the media have pointed out that this global recession is " worse than anything since the Great Depression . "
To be fair , it 's not even certain yet that this nasty downturn has beaten the mid-1970s downturn , though it probably will .
But even if that does happen , by focusing exclusively on the 25 % unemployment of the 1930s and the " Grapes of Wrath " Joad family as our inevitable future , we 're ignoring another equally unpleasant potential scenario : The Weimar German hyperinflation of 1923 .
The U.S. authorities and those of the G - 20 are currently avoiding most of the mistakes that during the period from 1930 to 1932 turned an ordinary recession into the Great Depression .
In those years , the U.S. Federal Reserve deflated the money supply by about 30 % in real terms .
Central bank officials did n't realize they were doing this ; banks kept failing , thus reducing the country 's bank deposits , while the Fed did nothing to offset the money supply shrinkage the bank failures produced .
U.S. President Herbert Hoover raised tariffs via the Smoot - Hawley Tariff Act of 1930 , causing world trade to fall by 65 % ; his huge income tax increase ( with the top rate going from 25 % to 63 % ) in 1932 also contributed greatly to the global economic meltdown .
All three mistakes have been avoided this time :
The money supply has expanded rapidly , bringing negative real interest rates almost everywhere except Brazil .
And fiscal policies have been expansionary and protectionism limited .
The history of the Weimar German inflation was quite different .
During World War I , Germany ran moderate inflation , which accelerated in the last year of war and the first years of peace .
By 1921 , prices in Germany were already 15 times those of 1914 .
But it was over the next two years – 1921 to 1923 – that true " Weimar inflation " occurred .
By the time it ended in November 1923 , the German mark was worth only one - trillionth of what it had been worth back in 1914 .
The middle classes lost all their savings , but one rich industrialist , Hugo Stinnes , was able though repeated borrowing in rapidly depleting marks to amass an industrial empire that controlled 20 % of Germany 's industry .
The German hyperinflation was finally quelled by Chancellor Gustav Stresemann and Reichsbank director Hjalmar Schacht , who in October 1923 announced the replacement of the paper mark by a " Rentenmark " ( security mark ) worth 1 trillion paper marks and backed by a nominal mortgage over German land assets worth 3.2 billion Rentenmarks .
The mortgage was fictitious , but it created confidence in the Rentenmark and prevented the creation of extra Rentenmarks , so inflation rapidly ceased , while the budget was balanced through so - called " windfall - gains taxes " on debtors whose debts had been extinguished by the previous hyperinflation .
Normal business was resumed by Germany , which was able to return to a new gold Reichsmark in July 1924 .
You can debate which was worse , the U.S. Great Depression or the Weimar hyperinflation ; there are arguments for both sides .
The Great Depression lasted much longer , from 1929 until the United States entered World War II in 1941 .
On the other hand , the Weimar hyperinflation wiped out the entire savings of the German middle class .
The lack of confidence in the economy , and the overall misery that this produced , meant that the German reaction to the Great Depression that arrived six years later was much more extreme than in the United States – leading to the election in 1933 of Adolf Hitler .
The current policy mix reflects those of Germany during the period between 1919 and 1923 .
The Weimar government was unwilling to raise taxes to fund post - war reconstruction and war - reparations payments , and so it ran large budget deficits .
It kept interest rates far below inflation , expanding money supply rapidly and raising 50 % of government spending through seigniorage ( printing money and living off the profits from issuing it ) .
Even John Maynard Keynes , no monetarist , recognized the problems with this , stating in his 1920 treatise the " Economic Consequences of the Peace " that " the inflationism of the currency systems of Europe has proceeded to extraordinary lengths .
The various belligerent Governments , unable , or too timid or too short - sighted to secure from loans or taxes the resources they required , have printed notes for the balance . "
The really chilling parallel is that the United States , Britain and Japan have now taken to funding their budget deficits through seigniorage .
In the United States , the Fed is buying $ 300 billion worth of U.S. Treasury bonds ( T - bonds ) over a six - month period , a rate of $ 600 billion per annum , 15 % of federal spending of $ 4 trillion .
In Britain , the Bank of England ( BOE ) is buying 75 billion pounds of gilts over three months .
That 's 300 billion pounds per annum , 65 % of British government spending of 454 billion pounds .
Thus , while the United States is approaching Weimar German policy ( 50 % of spending ) quite rapidly , Britain has already overtaken it !
U.S. authorities probably wo n't pursue expansionary monetary policies with quite the dogged Germanic persistence that caused the mark to fall to one trillionth of its former value .
However , the turnaround needed to stop a Weimar repetition will be very unpleasant , so there will undoubtedly be considerable denial and fudging of the figures as inflation begins to take off ( especially if Ben S. " Drop Money From Helicopters " Bernanke is still serving as the head of the U.S. central bank ) .
As investors , we need to ensure that our money is safe from the inflationist onslaught .
Our portfolio should thus currently contain no bonds – even Treasury Inflation Protected Securities ( TIPS ) are linked to the U.S. consumer price index ( CPI ) , which has been fiddled before and will be again , so will not provide true inflation protection .
Only gold will play its traditional role as a protector of savings against inflationary onslaught .
Once policymakers get serious , gold prices will drop , as inflation risks recede .
But before that gold prices are likely to shoot much higher , perhaps beyond their 1980 peak of $ 2,300 in today 's dollars .
You have to remember that gold is a thin market , with only $ 100 billion mined annually , so a surge of hedge funds into the gold market could move the price very quickly indeed .
Two avenues into gold should be attractive , the SPDR Gold Shares ETF ( GLD ) which invests in gold directly and the more financially solid gold mining companies , such as Barrick Gold Corp . ( ABX ) and Yamana Gold Inc. ( AUY ) .
Since gold has fallen back recently to below $ 900 an ounce , it may be a good time to buy .
[ Editor 's Note :
When it comes to banking or global economics , there 's literally no one better than Money Morning Contributing Editor Martin Hutchinson , who brings to the table the kind of high - level expertise that our readers have come to expect .
Fans and followers of Hutchinson 's work will soon be able to subscribe to a new product – The Permanent Wealth Investor – that will feature more of his expertise .
Watch for The Permanent Wealth Investor to debut in the next week . ]
Thousands rally in Toronto against Liberals ’ rescinding of pension guarantee
By a WSWS reporting team
25 April 2009
Thousands of CAW members , workers and pensioners , joined the rally at Queens Park , site of the Ontario Legislature
More than eight thousand workers , pensioners , and unemployed from across southern Ontario rallied at the provincial legislature in Toronto Thursday afternoon .
The action was called by a coalition of labour and seniors ’ organizations to pressure the Ontario and federal governments to protect pensions endangered by the economic crisis .
The coalition was formed several weeks ago after Ontario Liberal Premier Dalton McGuinty announced , in the wake of threatened bankruptcies at Chrysler and General Motors , that the government is reneging on the obligations of the province ’s three - decades - old Pension Benefit Guarantee Fund .
The PBGF is supposed to make good short - falls in private pension benefits of up to $ 1,000 per retiree per month .
But the fund , which has been repeatedly drawn on in recent years , only has a paltry $ 100 million in its reserve and the government is refusing to provide it any additional money , thus terminating the pension - guarantee at the very moment when it is needed .
A section of the demonstration , marching up University Avenue
Thursday ’s rally was the last in a series .
It was preceded by smaller events held in front of the constituency offices of various Liberal cabinet ministers across the province .
Attempting to pit workers with pension plans against those with no coverage ( about 65 percent of the population ) , McGuinty stepped up his intransigence this past Wednesday stating , “ It ’s certainly not our intention to put more money into the Fund .
... We need to be fair to all Ontario seniors and if we look to those without pensions to restore vitality to pensioners who benefit from those pensions , I do n’t think that ’s fair . ”
It has been estimated that the Fund requires some $ 6 billion to prevent the impoverishment of those retired workers who were employed by companies currently facing bankruptcy .
That list continues to grow across the province .
Already pension plans are vulnerable at the telecommunications giant Nortel , at AbitibiBowater , Stelco ( US Steel ) , DuPont Invista , Air Canada , and dozens of smaller companies .
And now with the threatened bankruptcies of Chrysler and General Motors , the potential exists for tens of thousands of retired autoworkers to lose some , or in the case of liquidation , all of the benefits that they worked a lifetime to accrue .
Under Canadian law the workers and retirees of companies that file for bankruptcy are treated as “ unsecured ” or lesser creditors by the courts , meaning their claims are only addressed after those of the banks and other secured creditors are satisfied .
The potential therefore is that little or nothing will be left for pensioners .
At the very least , bankruptcy would be used to impose steep pension cuts on the auto company retirees .
The PBGF would be short some $ 2 billion with just the bankruptcy of GM .
More than one third of the attendees at the Toronto rally were auto workers and retirees bussed in from as far away as Windsor , St. Thomas , and Oshawa .
There also was a large contingent of steelworkers from Hamilton and government workers , many on their lunch breaks , from the immediate vicinity .
They were addressed from the podium by an assemblage of trade union bureaucrats and New Democratic Party politicians ( NDP ) .
They outdid one another in denouncing McGuinty ’s stance , but could offer nothing more in the way of action than applying continued pressure on the Liberals to change their minds .
The bluster was only meant to placate the palpable anger of the workers in attendance .
Even longtime McGuinty supporter Buzz Hargrove , past president of the Canadian Auto Workers union , told reporters during the rally that he held little hope that the government would reverse course .
Adding to the cynical prevarications from the podium were the speeches of new Ontario NDP leader Andrea Horwath and CUPE president and perennial NDP candidate Sid Ryan who bragged of their party ’s solidarity with the movement for pensioners ’ rights .
Neither one , however , felt it politic to mention that it was the NDP government of former Ontario premier Bob Rae who played a central role in the present pension crisis at GM .
In 1992 , the Ontario NDP government amended the Pension Benefits
Act so as to allow GM and several other major companies to fund their pension plans to a lower standard .
Even in years when GM was making massive profits , it under - funded its pension plan .
Analysts estimate that GM needs at least $ 5 billion in additional monies to bring its plan back into solvency .
CAW President Ken Lewenza said the Ontario Liberals and federal Conservatives would be punished at the “ ballot box ” if they did n’t protect pensioners .
Referring to the demands of the Detroit Three automakers — demands that have been wholly supported by the federal Conservative and Ontario Liberal governments — for cuts in worker “ legacy ” costs , Lewenza declared , “ They call you a legacy cost after your contribution to our country .
You ’re human beings that have bills , that need pension protection and pension income . ”
In the hours before Thursday ’s rally , Lewenza along with other CAW leaders had been hammering out details of a new contract with Chrysler to replace the three - year , concessions - filled deal the union made with the automaker in the spring of 2008 .
According to the Globe and Mail , the CAW has already signed off on the lion ’s share of the $ 19 per hour per worker labor - cost cut demanded by Chrysler , leaving a difference of only a couple of dollars .
Lewenza , who only last week was vowing that the CAW would never agree to concessions above and beyond the estimated $ 7 per hour savings granted GM last month , said yesterday , “ There is no pattern any more . ”
A WSWS reporting team interviewed workers and pensioners at the rally and distributed a leaflet entitled “ Auto Workers Need a Socialist Strategy . ”
The statement urged auto workers to reject the false choice presented them by the automakers , the politicians , and the CAW between accepting massive jobs cuts and concessions through “ negotiations ” or having them imposed by the bankruptcy courts .
( See : Defend pensions , jobs , and wages !
No concessions !
Auto workers need a socialist strategy ) .
The WSWS team found a palpable sense of outrage and disbelief from the assembled throng .
“ How can they do this to us , ” said Nancy Lee , a retired government worker .
“ I think my pension is safe .
Well , it better be .
I guess auto workers thought they were safe a year or two ago .
Now all bets are off .
I ca n’t believe this is happening in a country like Canada .
People work all their lives , pay into the system .
And now they do n’t know if they ’ll be out in the cold .
I ca n’t believe it . ”
As at any demonstration there were telling vignettes .
An inebriated auto worker was yelling “ Drive a Canadian car , ass **** ” , at drivers passing by who were behind the wheel of Toyotas and Hondas .
A steelworker stopped to ask , “ What ’s a Canadian car ? ”
Three forty - something auto workers from Windsor were chanting “ Nationalize , Nationalize , Nationalize , ” during Lewenza ’s speech .
A very elderly pensioner in a wheelchair and festooned with old UAW and CAW pins , patches and ribbons was remembering to his care - giver the big strike in Windsor in 1945 that solidified the union in the Canadian plants .
“ It started in the body shop .
Those guys ate nails for breakfast .
The whole town circled the plant with our cars .
Just like the boys in Flint . ”
There were several different layers from the working class who spoke with the team .
Jason , who has worked at Chrysler for ten years has two months to go before he is laid off .
He was initially hesitant to talk to the WSWS but was eventually persuaded to share his views on his employers :
“ The amount of product we ’ve turned out for them in the last twenty years and this is the thanks we get !
Who ’s going to give me back all my body parts that I ’ve wrecked for them ?
...
My dad retired so I could get a job .
And now he ’s got to worry about this ( crap ) ? ”
Jason was adamantly opposed to any further concessions : “ I would work free for a year if it would help keep my job , but it wo n’t . ”
However , he disagreed strongly with the WSWS ’s view that the CAW ’s decision to split from the North American union was a mistake .
“ Guys were making good money for twenty years thanks to the union . ”
When the WSWS team suggested that the split had proved to be a mistake from a historical perspective , Jason became adamant .
“ You ’ve got to deal with now .
A historical perspective wo n’t help you with what ’s going on now . ”
Tony , a CAW member from London , Ontario with thirty years in the auto industry said ,
“ I used to work in Oshawa , but actually I ’m a London employee — there ’s a whole busload of us up .
A lot of the stuff that ’s gone on , it ’s kind of been orchestrated .
This whole recession is not like the recession of ’ 83 .
This is a man -made situation .
It ’s all about globalization .
There ’s agendas at work that we have no comprehension about , but I ’ll tell you , in the end , it ’s the people that have the power .
They just do n’t know it .
That ’s what the union should have been telling them from day one .
They are the ones that have the power , and anything that they do n’t have it ’s because they forfeit it to the company . ”
Brian , a member of the CAW , travelled from
southern Ontario to the demonstration at
Queens Park
Brian , a projects coordinator and a member of the CAW had a lot to say about Obama , globalization and the economic crisis .
“ It ’s a lot different now .
I look at who is in Obama ’s cabinet , who he picked to stand beside him — its money , money , money .
It ’s all financial .
And it goes beyond Obama , he ’s the president .
But he ’s not the one pulling the strings .
There ’s a whole elite behind him just watching .
They got their money , they got their happiness and they watch everything else crumble around .
...
It ’s a global economy now , one global country .
You talk about long term , you wonder what ’s sustainable .
I think the whole system is n’t sustainable .
Like our financial system — what was it built on ?
It was n’t built on a pile of gold , it was built on a pile of paper and we ’re finding out what that pile of paper ’s worth now — the paper .
It ’s all interconnected .
You ’re not going to change the whole system but at least this is raising awareness .
... I ’d love to see a socialist alternative . ”
Center diff , with the wheels actually on a drive axle , then use the handle to actuate a braking mechanism on the axle it moves toward , and you could make it functional .
Not really very hard .
Balloon wheel barrow tires , and it's an all - terrain - legway .
Is this where I say , " Yo dawg " or something ?
Get the stories that matter to you sent straight to your inbox with our daily newsletter .
Subscribe
Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
THIS shocking X - ray shows how a man was murdered by having THIRTY FOUR nails fired into his skull by a high - powered nail gun .
Anthony Liu , 27 , was bound hand and feet with electrical wire before the 3 inch nails were shot into his head at close range .
His body was wrapped neatly in a rug and dumped in the Georges River near Sydney .
Aussie cops with the murder squad , said he was driven to the river in his own Range Rover .
Detective Inspector Mark Newham said post - mortem examination results showed Anthony was shot repeatedly in the head more than 30 times with a nail gun stolen from a building site .
Detectives said the gun used in the murder was a standard gas - charged type , widely available for sale and hire .
Anthony lived with his partner in a Sydney suburb .
He was reported missing by a male friend two weeks before two children , aged nine and 14 , found his badly decomposed body floating in a local bay ..
I have this theory that the establishment press -- the same press that cheerlead the Whitewater / Lewinsky investigation -- is so adamantly against a torture investigation because it 's becoming clear that torture was used to justify the invasion of Iraq .
And Iraq was an historic failure of the establishment press .
So at the end of the day , the press might be seen as further complicit in a war that was also supported by torture .
Regardless , it 's clear that very serious people like David Broder have no interest in revisiting the run-up to Iraq .
You know , because they failed so miserably to do their jobs .
GTA 5 is a popular Rockstar Games title .
GTA is a title named Grand Theft Auto V. Perhaps in your Computer you played it .
But if you ’re Android Smartphone can still run GTA 4 Apk ?
Okay , yeah , in your phone you can play it too .
You get GTA 5 Apk +
Data for this game to function in this report .
During our youth we have enjoyed multiple GTA titles .
Vice City is one of Gangster ’s most famous titles .
You recall that ?
You know ?
Sure !
Yes !
Yes !
Nobody should overlook the little town , where we have little to do .
In all GTA players , we have committed multiple offenses irrespective of the players that it was .
After a long period , they recently launched GTA V. GTA IV was written before it in 2008 .
That is not shocking , as it is an fun , healthy and cheap leisure form .
Grand Theft Auto V , published by Rockstar Games Studio in September 2013 , is one of the most successful video games of this decade .
It was only accessible on game consoles and computers before today ; it can now be enabled on Smart phones without any problems .
At the outset , GTA 5 was only accessible for Xbox and Play Station , but is currently available for both Windows and mobile phones .
Okay , this is not officially available to Android , but a lot of people designed this game and allowed it to run on Android ’s operating system .
This needs a high - performance device system due to its high quality graphics .
In addition , we ’re thinking about the beta version of the Grand Theft Auto V game on Android and so some problems arise sometimes in its development .
In this way , you certainly do not lack this App in the Google Play store , so you must access it as an APK package .
The graphical output is really good , such that it can be slowed down only on top smartphones .
Fortunately , you can select the worst settings for graphics in the settings to raise the frame rate to the best value .
More RAM is accessible on your computer , the better GTA 5 functions .
Upon seeing a lot of curiosity from Android users in GTA 5 , Rockstar agreed in order to make it easier for the title to run on Android OS .
It ’s beta because it is appropriate for us no matter how it is .
There are nice visuals , so you just have to pay for this game on a little low output computer .
You usually purchase from the Play Store may not believe it ’s an regular title like any Android Player .
The GTA V Apk +
Data +
OBB files must be transferred to your phone for approximately 3 GB of capacity for all this .
Android GTA V Apk Function Specifications
GTA V wo n’t work on any Android devices normally .
To play this game on IOS , you need a high output telephone running on it .
You will first of all download some helpful files from your laptop and then obey the GTA V Apk guide on your smart phone .
The first thing that is required is a high - performance Android phone .
The entire file was supported after it was downloaded below .
You should try Duplicate connections below if you are having some trouble accessing these two images .
However , make sure that all three Apk , Info , and OBB files have been downloaded .
We supplied all Data and OBB in a single file in the relation above .
But you ’re both going to be in separate Zips now .
Do n’t be surprised that here there are just two files that have 3 files with mirror connections .
The two files are the same .
These are the files you need to load a running GTA 5 game on your Android devices .
I realize they are a massive script , but it ’s not a standard Android game you would assume it’s .
This has been published by Rock star Games from the world ’s best developers .
Ok , you will first download the entire file on your computer if you want to play this amazing game for Android users .
If you have all these files available , you may go to the key steps for your telephone to install and operate this program .
I do n’t think there ’s any need to remind you about the game if you ’ve ever played a GTA 5 on your screen .
Nevertheless , for the first time , you let us learn what cool elements this latest Rockstar Games title contains .
High - grade HD graphics are available .
Player ’s influence over the game is strong .
All the game characters , cars and designs are amazing and seem genuine .
The control of the car is excellent , way better than any other GTA title .
It has several fun assignments , so when each task is finished you can become more involved in the next .
Many new features are included in this GTA series edition only .
After you play it yourself , you will discover more of its awesome features .
I ’m sure right when you first practice it on your Android phone you ’ll fall in love with gaming .
Within the gangster genre there is no other GTA V - like title .
All GTA Series enthusiasts can download GTA 5 and play it through our Apk and its data supplied .
It ’s time to look at a true Cell phone gaming experience .
You do n’t have to open the Computer over and over again to play football .
Now anywhere on your screen you can enjoy GTA V anytime .
Let me know what this game on the phone you wanted .
Because for all PC lovers , it ’s a really surprising game .
Now it ’s time for all fans of Android Games to play GTA V .…
If indeed a new era of global responsibility has come into being with measures that actually restrain banks and isolate tax havens , it may be time for the planet 's dominant economic powers to focus on the destructive , anti-civic forces of the internet .
Exactly 20 years after Sir Tim Berners - Lee wrote the blueprint for the world wide web , the internet has become the host to a small number of dangerous WWMs - worldwide monopolies that sweep all before them with exuberant contempt for people 's rights , their property and the past .
Google is the most prominent WWM , but let 's start with an American site that is making a name for itself in straightforward misappropriation .
Scribd.com offers free downloads of every kind of book , magazine , brochure , guide , research paper and pamphlet to 55 million readers every month .
Many have been uploaded illegally .
Last week the publishers of JK Rowling , Ken Follett and Aravind Adiga took action to remove books that had been illegally published on the site .
Scribd.com complied , but what is interesting is the company 's institutional lack of guilt when the piracy was exposed .
Instead of admitting it and apologising , it issued a statement claiming Scribd possessed " industry - leading copyright management system which goes above and beyond requirements of Digital Millennium Copyright Act " .
That 's like a drunk driver protesting innocence because he 's covered by the best insurance company .
What matters is the crime , the theft of someone else 's content , which has taken care , labour , money and expertise to publish .
The point is that even if Scribd removes books , it still allows individuals to advertise services for delivering pirated books by email , which must make it the enemy of every writer and publisher in the world .
In effect it has turned copyright law on its head : instead of asking publishers for permission , it requires them to object if and when they become aware of a breach .
Google presents a far greater threat to the livelihood of individuals and the future of commercial institutions important to the community .
One case emerged last week when a letter from Billy Bragg , Robin Gibb and other songwriters was published in the Times explaining that Google was playing very rough with those who appeared on its subsidiary , YouTube .
When the Performing Rights Society demanded more money for music videos streamed from the website , Google reacted by refusing to pay the requested 0.22 p per play and took down the videos of the artists concerned .
It does this with impunity because it is dominant worldwide and knows the songwriters have nowhere else to go .
Google is the portal to a massive audience : you comply with its terms or feel the weight of its boot on your windpipe .
Despite the aura of heroic young enterprise that still miraculously attaches to the web , what we are seeing is a much older and toxic capitalist model - the classic monopoly that destroys industries and individual enterprise in its bid for ever greater profits .
Despite its diversification , Google is in the final analysis a parasite that creates nothing , merely offering little aggregation , lists and the ordering of information generated by people who have invested their capital , skill and time .
On the back of the labour of others it makes vast advertising revenues - in the final quarter of last year its revenues were $ 5.7bn , and it currently sits on a cash pile of $ 8.6 bn .
Its monopolistic tendencies took an extra twist this weekend with rumours that it may buy the micro- blogging site Twitter and its plans - contested by academics - to scan a vast library of books that are out of print but still in copyright .
One of the chief casualties of the web revolution is the newspaper business , which now finds itself laden with debt ( not Google 's fault ) and having to give its content free to the search engine in order to survive .
Newspapers can of course remove their content but then their own advertising revenues and profiles decline .
In effect they are being held captive and tormented by their executioner , who has the gall to insist that the relationship is mutually beneficial .
Were newspapers to combine to take on Google they would be almost certainly in breach of competition law .
In 1787 Thomas Jefferson wrote : " Were it left to me to decide whether we should have a government without newspapers or newspapers without a government , I should not hesitate to prefer the latter . "
A moment 's thought must tell us that he is still right : newspapers are the only means of holding local hospitals , schools , councils and the police to account , and on a national level they are absolutely essential for the good functioning of democracy .
If , at a time of profound challenges , newspapers fall out with Google , it could be pretty serious for British society , which is why I referred earlier to anti-civic forces .
Of course the company founded by Sergey Brin and Larry Page in 1998 - now reckoned to be the world 's most powerful brand - does not offer any substitute for the originators of content nor does it allow this to touch its corporate conscience .
That is probably because one detects in Google something that is delinquent and sociopathic , perhaps the character of a nightmarish 11 - year - old .
This particular 11 - year - old has known nothing but success and does not understand the risks , skill and failure involved in the creation of original content , nor the delicate relationships that exist outside its own desires and experience .
There is a brattish , clever amorality about Google that allows it to censor the pages on its Chinese service without the slightest self doubt , store vast quantities of unnecessary information about every Google search , and menace the delicate instruments of democratic scrutiny .
And , naturally , it did not exercise Google executives that Street View not only invaded the privacy of millions and made the job of burglars easier but somehow laid claim to Britain 's civic spaces .
How gratifying to hear of the villagers of Broughton , Bucks , who prevented the Google van from taking pictures of their homes .
We could do worse than follow their example for this brat needs to be stopped in its tracks and taught about the responsibilities it owes to content providers and copyright holders .
A newly - formed and still obscure neoconservative foreign policy organization is giving some observers flashbacks to the 1990s , when its predecessor staked out the aggressively unilateralist foreign policy that came to fruition under the George W. Bush administration .
The blandly - named Foreign Policy Initiative ( FPI )  the brainchild of Weekly Standard editor William Kristol , neoconservative foreign policy guru Robert Kagan , and former Bush administration official Dan Senor  has thus far kept a low profile ; its only activity to this point has been to sponsor a conference pushing for a U.S. “ surge ” in Afghanistan .
But some see FPI as a likely successor to Kristol ’s and Kagan ’s previous organization , the now - defunct Project for the New American Century ( PNAC ) , which they launched in 1997 and which became best known for leading the public campaign to oust former Iraqi president Saddam Hussein both before and after the Sep. 11 attacks .
PNAC ’s charter members included many figures who later held top positions under Bush , including Vice President Dick Cheney , Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld , and his top deputy , Paul Wolfowitz .
FPI was founded earlier this year , but few details are available about the group , which has so far attracted no media attention .
The organization ’s website lists Kagan , Kristol , and Senor , who came to prominence as a spokesman for the occupation authorities in Iraq , as the three members of its board of directors .
Two of FPI ’s three staffers , policy director Jamie Fly and Christian Whiton , have come directly from foreign policy posts in the Bush administration , while the third , Rachel Hoff , last worked for the National Republican Congressional Committee .
Contacted by IPS at the group ’s office , Fly referred all questions to Senor , who did not return the call .
The organization ’s mission statement argues that the “ United States remains the world ’s indispensable nation , ” and warns that “ strategic overreach is not the problem and retrenchment is not the solution ” to Washington ’s current financial and strategic woes .
It calls for “ continued engagement  diplomatic , economic , and military  in the world and rejection of policies that would lead us down the path to isolationism . ”
The mission statement opens by listing a familiar litany of threats to the U.S. , including “ rogue states , ” “ failed states , ” “ autocracies ” and “ terrorism , ” but gives pride of place to the “ challenges ” posed by “ rising and resurgent powers , ” of which only China and Russia are named .
Their prominence may reflect the influence of Kagan , who has argued in recent years that the 21st century will be dominated by a struggle between the forces of democracy ( led by the U.S. ) and autocracy ( led by China and Russia ) .
He has called for a League of Democracies as a mechanism for combating Chinese and Russian power , and the FPI statement stresses the need for “ robust support for America ’s democratic allies . ”
This emphasis may also indicate that FPI intends to make confrontation with China and Russia the centerpiece of its foreign policy stance .
If this is the case , it would mark a return to the early days of the Bush administration , before 9/11 , when Kristol ’s Weekly Standard took the lead in attacking Washington for its alleged “ appeasement ” of Beijing .
For its formal coming out , however , FPI has chosen to push for escalating the U.S. military effort in Afghanistan .
The organization ’s first event , to be held here Mar. 31 , will be a conference entitled “ Afghanistan : Planning for Success . ”
The lead speaker will be Senator John McCain , the 2008 Republican presidential candidate and long a favorite of both Kagan and Kristol .
In February , McCain gave a well - publicized speech at the neoconservative American Enterprise Institute ( AEI ) arguing that the U.S. could not afford to scale back its military commitment in Afghanistan and calling for a redoubled effort to win the war .
Other speakers will include AEI fellow Frederick Kagan , Robert ’s brother and one of the key proponents of the “ surge ” strategy in Iraq , counterinsurgency expert Lt. Col .
John Nagl , the new director of Center for a New American Security , and hawkish Democratic Representative Jane Harman .
FPI has inevitably drawn comparisons to PNAC , a “ letterhead organization ” founded by Kristol and Kagan shortly after their publication in Foreign Affairs of an article entitled “ Toward a Neo- Reaganite Foreign Policy ” which called for Washington to exercise “ benevolent global hegemony ” and warned against what they saw as the post - Cold War drift of the Republican Party toward “ neoisolationism ” after it lost the White House to Bill Clinton .
“ This reminds me of the Project for the New American Century , ” said Steven Clemons , director of the American Strategy Program at the New America Foundation .
“ Like PNAC , it will become a watering hole for those who want to see an ever - larger U.S. military machine and who divide the world between those who side with right and might and those who are evil or who would appease evil . ”
PNAC ’s membership was a veritable who ’s - who of neoconservatives and other future Bush administration hawks .
In addition to Cheney , Rumsfeld and Wolfowitz , charter members included then - Florida governor Jeb Bush , who was at the time considered a more likely presidential candidate than his elder brother ; Cheney ’s chief of staff , I. Lewis “ Scooter ” Libby , who left the administration after being indicted for perjury in October 2005 ; and Elliott Abrams , who became Bush ’s top Middle East aide at the National Security Council ; among several others who later served in senior Bush administration posts .
The group ’s June 1997 statement of principles called for “ a Reaganite policy of military strength and moral clarity ” that entailed “ increas[ing ] defense spending significantly ” and “ challeng[ing ] regimes hostile to our interests and values . ”
In January 1998 , PNAC published an open letter to President Clinton calling for “ the removal of Saddam Hussein ’s regime from power , ” by military force if necessary .
The letter was signed by many who would become architects and backers of the 2003 invasion of Iraq , including Rumsfeld , Wolfowitz , Abrams , future deputy secretary of state Richard Armitage , and future U.N. ambassador John Bolton .
In September 2001 , only days after the 9/11 attacks , another PNAC letter called on President Bush to broaden the scope of the “ war on terror ” beyond those immediately responsible for the attacks to include Iraq and Lebanon ’s Hezbollah .
And in April 2002 , the group labeled Yasser Arafat and the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) “ a cog in the machine of Middle East terrorism , ” compared Arafat to al - Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden , and called on the U.S. to end support for both the PA and the Israeli - Palestinian peace negotiations as a whole .
“ Israel ’s fight against terrorism is our fight , ” it said , urging Bush to “ accelerate plans for removing Saddam Hussein from power . ”
That FPI ’s debut public event should focus on why Washington should escalate its involvement in Afghanistan is ironic given the role played by PNAC and other hawks in and outside the administration in pushing for the invasion of Iraq so soon after the U.S. campaign to oust the Taliban and al - Qaeda in Afghanistan in late 2001 .
Many experts believe the diversion of military and intelligence resources to Iraq made it possible for both the Taliban and al Qaeda ’s leadership to survive and rebuild .
The top priority given by the Bush administration  again , with the strong encouragement of PNAC and its supporters  to Iraq as the “ central front in the war on terror ” also meant that aid needed to bolster the western - backed government of President Hamid Karzai was unavailable .
PNAC effectively ceased its activities at the beginning of Bush ’s second term .
This may partly have been due to the large amount of bad publicity the group attracted for its seminal role in bringing about the Iraq war .
But the formation of FPI may be a sign that its founders hope once again to incubate a more aggressive foreign policy during their exile from the White House , in preparation for the next time they return to political power .
The company revealed in a later filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission that Dow Jones had $ 535 million in revenue in the last quarter , more than one - third of the total for its newspaper segment .
Subtracting the effect of Dow Jones , revenue at that segment fell about 25 percent  partly because of weaker currencies in Britain and Australia , where the News Corporation has many papers  compared with an 11 percent drop for the rest of the company .
The company does not disclose details on The Journal ’s performance , but executives there say that like the rest of the industry , they have seen a significant decline in advertising revenue .
In another area , however , The Journal has outperformed almost all its competitors by maintaining its paid circulation of more than two million , in print and online , in the most recent reporting periods , while nearly every other major paper showed declines .
Some of those subscribers receive only the online version , making The Journal one of the few papers to successfully make its online readers pay for content .
Some of that success , however , could be the result of heavy discounting , a practice that has increased since the News Corporation ’s takeover .
According to the most recent figures the paper filed with the Audit Bureau of Circulations , for the six months that ended Sept. 30 , on an average day The Journal sold 501,000 copies at less than half the basic price , up from 420,000 in the same period in 2007 , and 214,000 in 2006 .
Mr. Murdoch has a well - earned reputation for making the deals that appeal to him personally , like the Dow Jones purchase , whether or not experts agree .
The instinctual , from - the - gut aspect of Mr. Murdoch ’s business persona was once appreciated  he was lauded when he swooped in to buy MySpace in 2005 for $ 580 million , outbidding Viacom  but now seems to be a mark against him in Wall Street ’s eyes .
“ Emotional biases and attachments play into our strategic decisions in really significant ways , ” said Sydney Finkelstein , a professor at the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth .
“ And with Rupert Murdoch , there ’s a general attachment to the newspaper business because that ’s where he got his start , and he really has a feel for it , and also an attachment to the idea of owning The Wall Street Journal . ”
Image Rupert Murdoch , left , and Les Hinton , who was named chief of Dow Jones & Company after its acquisition by the News Corporation .
Many now believe Mr. Murdoch grossly overpaid to acquire the company .
Credit ... Richard Drew / Associated Press
At The Journal , the imprint of Mr. Murdoch and Robert Thomson , the managing editor he installed , is visible on the front page , where there are bigger headlines , more political coverage , and fewer of the long , sometimes whimsical yarns that were one of the paper ’s signatures .
They have also made articles shorter and pushed some business coverage deeper into the paper .
Winooski , Vt .
ON an evening in late February at a club here called the Monkey House , there was a family reunion of sorts .
As the band Rough Francis roared through a set of anthemic punk rock , Bobby Hackney leaned against the bar and beamed .
Three of his sons  Bobby Jr. , Julian and Urian  are in Rough Francis , but his smile was n’t just about parental pride .
It was about authorship too .
Most of the songs Rough Francis played were written by Bobby Sr. and his brothers David and Dannis during their days in the mid-1970s as a Detroit power trio called Death .
The group ’s music has been almost completely unheard since the band stopped performing more than three decades ago .
But after all the years of silence , Death ’s moment has finally arrived .
It comes , however , nearly a decade too late for its founder and leader , David Hackney , who died of lung cancer in 2000 .
“ David was convinced more than any of us that we were doing something totally revolutionary , ” said Bobby Sr. , 52 .
Forgotten except by the most fervent punk rock record collectors  the band ’s self - released 1976 single recently traded hands for the equivalent of $ 800 
Death would likely have remained lost in obscurity if not for the discovery last year of a 1974 demo tape in Bobby Sr. ’s attic .
Released last month by Drag City Records as “ ...
For the Whole World to See , ” Death ’s newly unearthed recordings reveal a remarkable missing link between the high - energy hard rock of Detroit bands like the Stooges and MC5 from the late 1960s and early ’ 70s and the high - velocity assault of punk from its breakthrough years of 1976 and ’ 77 .
Death ’s songs “ Politicians in My Eyes , ” “ Keep On Knocking ” and “ Freakin Out ” are scorching blasts of feral ur - punk , making the brothers unwitting artistic kin to their punk - pioneer contemporaries the Ramones , in New York ; Rocket From the Tombs , in Cleveland ; and the Saints , in Brisbane , Australia .
They also preceded Bad Brains , the most celebrated African - American punk band , by almost five years .
Jack
White of the White Stripes , who was raised in Detroit , said in an e-mail message : “ The first time the stereo played ‘ Politicians in My Eyes , ’ I could n’t believe what I was hearing .
When I was told the history of the band and what year they recorded this music , it just did n’t make sense .
Ahead of punk , and ahead of their time . ”
French trailer for G.I. Joe : Rise of the Cobra .
Trailer shows all new footage from the film with French subtitles .
Updated : Thanks to Dark Horizons and Allocine .
Every two years , the owners of the world ’s most elaborate facial hair come together for the World Beard and Moustache Championships .
From 1990 , the championships feature competition in a variety of categories that include everything from the delicate Dali moustache to the outrageous full beard freestyle .
This facial - hair celebration is open to everyone and spectators are welcome .
On 2007 , Brighton ( UK ) hosted the championships , and the City of Anchorage ( Alaska , USA ) will host the next one on 2009 .
Meet some of the craziest beards and mustaches we ’ve found at the championships .
Willi Chevalier , Germany , 2001 World Champion of Full Beard Freestyle
Jack Passion , a 23 - year - old American crowned natural beard champion of the world at Brighton 2007
Karl Heinz - Hille , winner of Imperial moustache category at the 2007 Championship in Brighton , UK
Elmar Weiser , from Germany
Ernst Krause from Steinau cultivated on this creation for weeks
Gandhi Jones , 34 , from Seattle , 1st Place winner in the Freestyle Moustache category in 2007
Former Beard World Champion Gerhard Knapp
The “ aviator ”
Sports should go green , allow pot smoking
Recommended Video :
Weed , the Breakfast of Champions .
I 've been waiting a long time - 11 years to be exact - for the sports world to seize on that concept , but no one 's had the guts .
Now , far later than I expected , we 've entered pot 's perfect storm .
Just as the economy has tanked , strangling sponsorships all over the athletic map , a Super Bowl MVP and the most decorated Olympian of all time have emerged as partakers .
Advocates for drug reform have long said that legalizing marijuana would increase tax revenue , not to mention reduce violence in the dealer population .
In sports , the door would open for a cash flow to fill the creek bed left dry by a shriveling General Motors , Citigroup and their ilk .
So when Michael Phelps got caught on camera taking a bong hit , Kellogg 's should have followed Disney 's example and let it go .
Santonio Holmes was stopped by police and cited for having three grass - filled cigars in his car last fall , but he still got to party with Goofy and Mickey in Florida after catching the winning touchdown pass for the Steelers in the Super Bowl .
Both Phelps and Holmes , when caught , had to apologize , and both accepted sabbaticals from their sports .
The Steelers held Holmes out of a game the following Sunday , and USA Swimming gave Phelps a comically symbolic three - month suspension .
( The next truly significant competition for U.S. swimmers is in July . )
The interesting thing is that neither of them denied what happened .
Phelps owned up to what the photograph clearly revealed .
Holmes , according to published reports , willingly turned the cigars over to police and , when asked if the smell of burned pot indicated that he had just smoked one , said no .
He told them he had done it the day before .
That report made me nostalgic for Nagano in 1998 , when Canadian snowboarder Ross Rebagliati was stripped of his gold medal and insisted that his positive drug test had to be the result of secondhand smoke .
To prep for the Olympics and their urinalysis , he said , he had n't touched the stuff in nine months .
That was his excuse - not that he would never smoke pot .
He just had n't done it since April .
Friends and teammates rallied around him , saying that he trained at Whistler outside Vancouver and that pot was so prevalent there , he probably could n't have breathed without inhaling secondhand smoke .
Rebagliati ultimately got his gold medal back because of a jurisdiction problem with the test .
Whistler seems to have recovered nicely from its shame .
It will host the skiing competition at next year 's Winter Olympics .
Chronicle columnist , Gwen Knapp , stands for a photograph inside the studio on Wednesday Jan. 28 , 2008 in San Francisco , Calif .
Chronicle columnist , Gwen Knapp , stands for a photograph inside the studio on Wednesday Jan. 28 , 2008 in San Francisco , Calif .
Photo : Michael Macor , The Chronicle Photo : Michael Macor , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Sports should go green , allow pot smoking 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Still , quashing pot is an unfortunate priority in the sports world .
Ricky Williams nearly gave up his football career because of repeated positive tests .
He said that pot helped alleviate his depression better than the prescription drugs he once endorsed .
No wonder he had to be driven out of the public eye .
He was a dangerous man , threatening to unmask the pharmaceutical industry .
Next thing you know , somebody might be saying that smoking grass helps take the edge off football 's aches and pains more effectively than Vicodin .
We can't have that .
Or can we ?
In Holmes ' case , even the police agreed the infraction was minor , arguing against an NFL sanction and saying that they would n't expect a steelworker to be suspended .
The Phelps suspension damages the credibility of the sports world 's anti-drug movement .
Too many people already confuse the concerns about steroids and growth hormone with Victorian prudery .
Common sense says that athletes should n't be punished for pot any more than they would be if they ran a red light .
Creative thinking says that the sports leagues should lobby for legalization and then treat the stuff like Gatorade or Budweiser .
Call it the greening of athletics , which it will be , as soon as the checks clear .
Raytheon Wins Program For Detection Of Land Mines And Tunnels
Initial military use of Raytheon 's Morphable Networked Micro- architecture processor , the world 's first computer whose architecture can adopt different forms depending on the application .
by Staff Writers
El Segundo CA ( SPX ) Apr 27 , 2009
Raytheon Company has received a $ 19 million contract from the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency for development and demonstration of technology to detect and locate buried land mines and tunnels .
In Raytheon 's plan , a laser radar vibration sensor , or ladar vibrometer , would reveal hidden targets by measuring ground - surface vibrations and use electronic instructions for calculation and processing known as algorithms to interpret the information .
The technology demonstrator would integrate the vibrometer with acoustic and seismic sources for field - testing on a moving vehicle .
Nick Uros , vice president for Advanced Concepts and Technology , listed the following examples of advanced technology Raytheon will employ on the Seismic and Acoustic Vibration Imaging program :
A high - sensitivity ladar vibrometer with multiple parallel channels yielding 600 simultaneous pixels for broad area coverage .
Initial military use of Raytheon 's Morphable Networked Micro- architecture processor , the world 's first computer whose architecture can adopt different forms depending on the application .
Advanced algorithms developed for the vibrometer while compensating for vehicle , structural and acoustic vibration .
" We are delighted with the opportunity to build and test the demonstrator , " Uros said .
" This will provide the first capability of real - time acoustic and seismic detection on a mobile platform , with significant improvement in detection stand - off range . "
Welcome to PhilSci - Archive , an electronic archive specifically tailored to and run by philosophers of science .
The archive is offered as a free service to the philosophy of science community .
Its goal is to promote communication in the field by the rapid dissemination of new work .
We aim to provide a stable , openly accessible repository in which scholarly articles and monographs may find a permanent home .
Works posted here can be linked to from across the web and freely viewed without the need for a user account .
PhilSci - Archive invites submissions in all areas of philosophy of science , including general philosophy of science , philosophy of particular sciences ( physics , biology , chemistry , psychology , etc. ) , feminist philosophy of science , socially relevant philosophy of science , history and philosophy of science and history of the philosophy of science .
Viewing Material on PhilSci-Archive
There are several ways to view material in the archive .
Do an Advanced Search to find something specific or you can also simply browse PhilSci - Archive for particular subjects , years and conferences using the links in the sidebar to the left .
You can receive alerts when new posts appear on PhilSci - Archive , either by email , or by your favorite RSS reader .
Signing up is easy : just choose one of PhilSci - Archive 's various Notification Options .
Posting Material on PhilSci -Archive
First time posters should first consult the Archive Policy , and then create a new account .
Once logged in , click the " New Item " button to start the process of uploading your paper to PhilSci - Archive .
Posts can be updated with new versions or links to the publication when it appears in a journal .
The posting of preprints is also encouraged by most philosophy of science journals .
For individual journal policies , please consult this list .
[ Postprints can also be posted , and you can enter an embargo expiry date to comply with journal policies . ] "
The government first pledged to curb council spying in 2008 Councils in England and Wales face new restrictions on the use of surveillance powers for minor offences such as dog fouling and littering .
The Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act ( Ripa ) allows public authorities to intercept phone and e-mail data and use CCTV to spy on suspected criminals .
But Home Secretary Jacqui Smith has launched a review after fears it was being used for " trivial " offences .
The Tories and Lib Dems say Ripa has become a " snooper 's charter " .
But the government has resisted opposition calls for the use of the powers to be authorised by magistrates , arguing that the decision to use them should be left with councils and police .
' Residents ' complaints '
Ms Smith said she could give elected councillors a role in overseeing council officials ' use of the powers .
The government is also considering raising the rank of local authority employee allowed to authorise surveillance to senior executives .
The anti-terror law used on litterbugs
At the moment relatively minor council officials can give the go - ahead to surveillance operations .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme Terror law used on litterbugs Local Government Association ( LGA ) advice to councils is that it is inappropriate to use the powers for less serious matters such as littering and dog fouling , except in extreme circumstances .
It says such offences should be tackled through methods such as wardens , fixed - penalty notices and standard CCTV - as opposed to covert camera surveillance .
An LGA spokesman said : " Parliament clearly intended that councils should use powers under Ripa , and they are being used to respond to residents ' complaints about serious criminals , like fly - tippers , rogue traders and people defrauding the benefits system .
" Time and again , these are just the type of crimes that residents tell councils they want to see tackled .
" Without these powers , it would n't be possible to provide the level of reassurance and protection local people demand and deserve . "
Benefit cheat Ripa was introduced in 2000 to define for the first time when existing covert techniques , such as secret filming , could be used by everyone from the police to local councils and benefit fraud teams .
Ripa legislation allows a council to carry out surveillance if it suspects criminal activity .
On its website , the Home Office says : " The Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act legislates for using methods of surveillance and information gathering to help the prevention of crime , including terrorism . "
WHAT RIPA REGULATES
Interception of communications , such as phone calls and e-mails Acquisition of information from service providers Covert surveillance Use of informants or undercover officers Access to electronic data protected by encryption or passwords
It goes on to say the act allows the interception of communications , carrying out of surveillance and the use of covert human intelligence sources .
In one case , benefit investigators covertly filmed Paul Appleby , a disability allowance cheat from Nottinghamshire , who had claimed £ 22,000 in payments .
He was in fact a member of an athletics club - and secret filming of him competing in events was crucial to the case against him .
But one example cited by the Home Office as wrong is an investigation into parents using a false address to get their child into a preferred school .
Ministers said that an official should have simply knocked on the door of the home in question rather than mounting round - the - clock surveillance .
HAVE YOUR SAY
Allowing them to conduct covert surveillance with no judicial oversight is just plain ludicrous Chris , Edinburgh Similarly , councils should stake out spots where dog fouling occurs and not follow suspect owners wherever they go .
Human rights group Liberty said Ripa legislation had been abused .
Isabella Sankey , its director of policy , said : " Surveillance is a vital tool in the battle against serious crime and terrorism but reports that mothers are tailed by council officers policing school catchment zones have seriously undermined public trust and confidence . "
' Target people '
The Home Office has now launched a consultation on exactly which public authorities will be able to use the powers in the future .
Ms Smith said the government had to ensure the authorities had the powers they needed to protect people 's freedom " from interference by those who would do us harm " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
But she added : " I do n't want to see these powers being used to target people for putting their bins out on the wrong day or for dog- fouling offences . "
The Conservatives say they would restrict the use of Ripa powers by local authorities only to crimes which could lead to a prison sentence and its use should be authorised by council leaders only .
The Lib Dems are calling on the government to ensure that Ripa powers are used only where strictly necessary and that their use is sanctioned by magistrates .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Maybe the mashed potatoes do n't want any gravy .
Billy Bob Thornton and his band the Boxmasters , after being booed by Toronto fans angered by his likening Canadian audiences to " mashed potatoes with no gravy " in a bizarre interview with the CBC , have dropped off the two remaining Canadian dates of Willie Nelson 's tour – Montreal tonight and London tomorrow tonight .
Reached last night by the Star , Thornton 's publicist said cancelling had nothing to do with Thornton 's reception in Canada after the interview .
" It is absolutely not because of the CBC interview .
One of the band members and several of the crew have the flu and need a couple of days off to recuperate , " said Arnold Robinson , of Rogers and Cowan .
" Billy does not have the flu .
The band is only concerned about giving the audience the best show possible , and when one of them is down with the flu , they can't do that . "
" As Billy said before and during the show last night , he loves Canada , " Robinson added .
Willie Nelson 's publicist Elaine Shock did not want to offer any comment from Nelson , saying the announcement on Nelson 's official website about The Boxmasters ' departure was a statement .
" This is a Billy Bob thing and not a Willie thing , " Shock said .
Most people attending the Nelson concert last night in Montreal were n't aware Thornton has abandoned the tour .
But the overwhelming sentiment was that they were n't missing much .
When it was announced that Thornton was no longer in the lineup , which also included Ray Price , there was loud applause , according to several concertgoers interviewed .
" We do n't appreciate as Canadians to be treated like that , " said Larry Paquette , of Magog , Que .
" He 's just another actor , no big loss there , " said Paul Schmieder , complete in open - collared shirt and cowboy hat .
Wendy McLoughlin called Thornton a " baby " for not showing up .
She noted that Billy Bob would have seen in Montreal – widely considered Canada 's biggest party city – that " we 're the gravy ! "
" It 's cowardly , " echoed Olivia Chia , visiting from Vancouver .
" If things do n't go his way , it 's not his fault . "
She said that Ghomeshi was justified in giving context to the interview .
The CBC interview with arts and culture program Q this past week veered at times into the absurd , with Thornton refusing to answer questions and becoming increasingly belligerent .
Jian Ghomeshi , Q's host , made reference to Thornton 's long , award - winning acting career in his introduction to the show , something he had apparently been told not to do by Thornton 's cohorts .
Speaking at Toronto's Massey Hall Thursday , Thornton told the crowd that Ghomeshi , whose name Thornton said he could n't remember , was an " a -- hole . "
" I sat down and talked with this guy , " Thornton said from the stage .
" He and his producers say , ' We promise you we wo n't say that ' ( meaning references to Thornton 's acting career ) .
The very first thing they said was that ...
If you look someone in the eyes and promise them something , and you do n't do it , you do n't get the interview . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
This joust at Ghomeshi , who was roundly praised across the web for his calm , measured approach to Thornton 's on - air sulking , was greeted by the Massey Hall audience with jeering and shouts of " Here comes the gravy ! "
Reviews of The Boxmasters performance were highly unfavourable .
The Star's Greg Quill wrote : " It 's unfortunate that wannabe country - rocker Billy Bob Thornton 's headline - grabbing flame - out on CBC Radio warrants a top - of - the - story reference in a review of a concert to which he contributed nothing of musical value . "
Read more about :
Technology.am ( Apr. 24 , 2009 ) — Google on Thursday released a new version of its Chrome browser to fix security problem , which was reported early of this month by IBM ’s Roi Saltzman that allows cross -site scripting attacks .
These methods can make a Web browser process unauthorized code such as JavaScript , enabling a variety of attacks , including impersonation or phishing .
An error comes in handling URLs with a chromehtml : protocol that could allow an attacker to run scripts of his choosing on any page or enumerate files on the local disk under certain conditions .
When a user has installed Google Chrome and visiting an attacker - controlled Web page in Internet Explorer could have caused Google Chrome to launch , open multiple tabs , and load scripts that run after navigating to a URL of the attacker ’s choice .
This type of an attack only works if Chrome is not already running .
The problem affects Google ’s mainstream stable version of Chrome and that is fixed in the new version 1.0.154.59 ( download ) .
JANE WARDELL
Associated Press
April 2 , 2009 Associated PressApril 2 , 2009
[ efoods ]
Prime Minister Gordon Brown says leaders at the G - 20 summit have agreed to give $ 1 trillion to the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank to help struggling nations around the world .
Brown also says the 20 countries at the summit will enact common policies to crack down on tax havens , regulate hedge funds , and rebuild trust in the financial system to “ prevent a crisis such as this from happening again . ”
He says the G - 20 nations will also give emerging powers a greater say in the world economy .
Brown did not outline any new fiscal measures but says that the stimulus packages already announced by major nations have already been the biggest in history .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
The big music news today is a report from Billboard on iTunes price changes and their negatively affecting chart positions for the top 100 songs .
Last week , iTunes introduced variable pricing , with some newer and more popular singles priced at $ 1.29 while other songs remaining at 99 cents and some older songs reduced to 69 cents .
( Some have pointed out the difficulty in finding tracks at the lower price ) .
The price increase is something the major labels had long wanted .
Shortly after the increase , both Wal - Mart and Amazon switched to the almost identical increased prices .
From the Billboard report :
" Two days after the Apple iTunes Music Store raised prices on some
individual tracks , there was evidence the increases have hurt the sales
rankings of songs given the higher $ 1.29 price . "
The report shows that 47 songs priced at $ 1.29 lost an average of 2.7 chart positions over the first two days on iTunes top 100 download chart .
The 53 songs that kept the $ 0.99 price over the first two days saw gains of on average of 1.96 chart positions .
Now , it should be pointed out that looking at two days of sales of only 100 songs does not take into account the natural ups and downs of each song , a single that has been falling for weeks continually falling would not be a sign of an effect from a change in price .
But the songs were pretty evenly distributed among songs that saw price changes and those that did not ( 47 songs prices raised to 53 held constant ) .
It is likely that as many songs were rising up the charts as those falling across both groups , but not certain .
It also needs to be noted that a small decrees in sales because of the raised prices could generate more revenue since the revenue collected for each track .
The Billboard article does point both those points out .
The more interesting thing to see , that only time will tell , is how the prices changes effect sales lower down The Long Tail .
It is foreseeable that more niche tracks from artists with more stable fans might see less drop in sales because there are less casual listeners to be scared off .
What I foresee happening is artists not liking the effect on their chart position .
It must be hard for a major act , the kind that is running a single up the charts , to watch their single drop on the charts just so the label can generate more revenue that the artists wo n't see anyway .
I expect a lot of the bigger managers will start having fights with their labels over prices in the near future , if it has not already started happening .
Jay Cutler traded to Bears
Several media outlets are reporting that the Broncos have traded quarterback Jay Cutler to the Bears in exchange for first round picks in 2009 and 2010 , a third round pick in 2009 and Kyle Orton .
Denver will also give up an undisclosed draft choice in the later rounds .
It ’s amazing how this entire situation unraveled .
Two months ago there was n’t a peep about a potential Cutler trade and now he ’s set to become a Bear .
One has to wonder whether Cutler wanted out as soon as Denver fired Mike Shanahan and when he saw an opening ( i.e. Josh McDaniels ’ supposed interest in former Patriots ’ quarterback Matt Cassel ) , he took it and ran with it .
Even though they gave up a king ’s ransom to acquire him , Chicago fans have to be ecstatic .
They get a young quarterback with plenty of starting experience and one that has a strong arm to play in poor , late - season weather conditions .
The bottom line is that the Bears have n’t had a reliable quarterback in nearly 20 seasons and now they have one who has the potential to succeed .
Two first round picks are a steep price , but as I wrote yesterday , GM Jerry Angelo was probably going to blow those picks anyway ( Chris Williams instead of Branden Albert , Jerry ?
Really ?!) so Chicago might as well get a franchise - type quarterback instead .
Another note about the compensation , you have to remember that Cutler is a young quarterback with starting experience and who was sought after by multiple teams .
And when you factor in how weak the quarterback class is this year , any team that wanted Cutler was going to have to give up several high draft picks like the Bears eventually did .
Cutler should also make guys like Matt Forte better around him .
And if the Bears can sign Orlando Pace ( which shifts Williams over to right tackle and Frank Omiyale to guard ) , then the offensive line would be upgraded as well .
If the team could land a decent receiver prospect like Ohio State ’s Brian Robiske in the second round , then the Bears , who had been quiet , would have turned in a solid offseason .
For the Broncos , the two first round picks are nice , but now they have a glaring need at quarterback .
“ Neck Beard ” Kyle Orton has shown flashes of potential and maybe given quality receivers like Brandon Marshall and Eddie Royal , along with a more innovative offense like the one McDaniels is set to run in Denver , he can succeed .
But chances are neither Orton nor Chris Simms is the Broncos ’ long - term answers at quarterback and they ’ll look to select a signal caller in one of the next two drafts .
The nice thing is that McDaniels now has the opportunity to pick the quarterback he fills can best run his offense , because rumor had it he did n’t believe Cutler could .
It remains to be seen whether or not Denver will target a quarterback prospect like USC ’s Mark Sanchez in this year ’s draft , but at least now they ’ve rid themselves of the Culter mess and can concentrate on reshaping their roster again .
Still requested by celebs and jet - set hollow - heads , the world 's most expensive bottled water is an eco outrage , so it 's time to name and shame it and other similar products
Anyone putting together a time capsule in 2006 need have looked no further than a bottle of Bling H2O as the most apt representation of that year .
The world 's most expensive bottle of water was , literally , the high watermark of the kind of conspicuous consumption that prevailed before the credit that allowed such lavish spending was mercilessly crunched a year later .
At $ 55 a bottle , Bling H2O was wrong on so many levels .
It was hype personified : Paris Hilton was said to let her dog drink it and yet a blind taste test revealed it was indistinguishable from tap water .
It was environmental madness : water shipped from a spring in Tennessee to Hollywood , London , Tokyo and other " style centres of the world " to be enjoyed by jet - set hollow - heads .
( The frosted glass bottles , " exquisitely handcrafted with Swarovski crystals " , were labelled , thank goodness , as " reusable " , though . )
And , for good measure , it somehow threw in some sexism , too : the marketing of the water featured a naked woman ( sorry , she did appear upon closer inspection to be wearing a thong made of crystals ) in a rather unlikely pose propping up a bottle between her buttocks and her heel .
I present to you - without any need for commentary or adulteration – the marketing blurb that accompanied BlingH20 :
Bling H2O is the inspiration of Kevin G Boyd , Hollywood writer - producer .
While working on various studio lots where image is of the utmost importance he noticed that you could tell a lot about a person by the bottled water they carried .
In Hollywood it seemed as if people flaunted their bottled water like it was part of their presentation .
Whether the bottles had a cool shape or came from an exotic island , none truly made that defining statement .
Bling H2O was fashioned to make that defining statement .
The mission was to offer a product with an exquisite face to match exquisite taste .
The product is strategically positioned to target the expanding super - luxury consumer market .
Initially introduced to hand - selected athletes and actors , Bling H2O is now excitedly expanding it 's availability .
Bling H2O has been featured at many recent celebrity events including the MTV Video Music Awards and television 's biggest event , The Emmys .
Bling H2O is pop-culture in a bottle .
But it 's not for everyone , just those that Bling .
I 'm convinced that students will be studying and dissecting every sentence of this statement in decades to come .
Indeed , we should start printing flyers for distribution with this blurb , but with the heading : " Stay Alert - Let 's Never Allow This to Happen Again . "
Even Forbes – the Heat magazine for millionaires - has gone as far as placing it in its annual " Most Outrageously Priced Items " list .
One might have assumed that the economic shakedown would have spelled a watery grave for Bling H20 and all that it represents .
But , I now learn that Bling H20 is also available in plastic bottles for a more affordable $ 20 .
The only concession to the recession is that they 're marked down from $ 24 on the Bling H20 website .
So , given that new awards are all the rage on this site at the moment , I think this is time to launch yet another : the Wrong On So Many Levels Award , or , if you prefer , the Wrongies .
What other items for sale are out there that should be named and shamed as being totally incongruous to our times ?
· On Monday 23 March 2009 this post was amended to delete reference to Michael Jackson performing at Oleg Deripaska 's party .
Oleg Deripaska 's representatives have told us that Michael Jackson is not performing .
Firemen from all around Greece gather in Athens to demand permanent employment and clash with riot police forces
Tension rose to new levels in the Greek capital last week when two bodies of public security , the firemen and the riot police clashed in the center of Athens during the former 's national campaign to protest against the non-implementation of promises made by the Ministry of Interior .
Last year , the ministry promised permanent employment for 5,500 firefighters across the country by April 1st 2009 .
In the morning of Thursday 26/3 3.500 firefighters gathered from all around the country in full gear and marched first to the Ministry of Labour holding big placards with photos of firemen who have lost their lives in their effort to put out fires .
The central banner read : " You promised us , you burned them , we buried them " .
At the same time other firemen were leading an occupation of the Fire Service headquarters of the capital .
The building was soon surrounded by riot police forces which refused to let the firemen exit the building , and attacked them with tear gas and clubs .
The tension was diffused without major injuries until 17:00 when the firemen decided to form a protest march to the Ministry of Economics .
When the protest marched reached Syntagma square it found the road to the Ministry blockaded by riot police forces which after negotiations allowed a committee to visit the Ministry to negotiate .
But the police gesture proved only to be a trick , and the firemen found the Ministry locked .
Upon being informed of the bluff , the protest march tried to use a bypass to the Ministry leading the riot police to attack .
The response of the firemen to this second round of police violence was furious , and unhindered by tear gas by recourse to their professional masks , they counterattacked with projectiles and fire extinguishers leading to extended battles in the center of the city .
Two protesters were hospitalised and over 1,000 remained in Syntagma square outside the parliament throughout the night in vigil .
Top Democrats believe they have struck political gold by depicting Rush Limbaugh as the new face of the Republican Party .
Rush Job : Inside Dems ' Limbaugh plan
Top Democrats believe they have struck political gold by depicting Rush Limbaugh as the new face of the Republican Party , a full - scale effort first hatched by some of the most familiar names in politics and now being guided in part from inside the White House .
The strategy took shape after Democratic strategists Stanley Greenberg and James Carville included Limbaugh ’s name in an October poll and learned their longtime tormentor was deeply unpopular with many Americans , especially younger voters .
Then the conservative talk - radio host emerged as an unapologetic critic of Barack Obama shortly before his inauguration , when even many Republicans were showering him with praise .
Advertisement
Soon it clicked : Democrats realized they could roll out a new GOP bogeyman for the post - Bush era by turning to an old one in Limbaugh , a polarizing figure since he rose to prominence in the 1990s .
Limbaugh is embracing the line of attack , suggesting a certain symbiosis between him and his political adversaries .
" The administration is enabling me , ” he wrote in an e-mail to POLITICO .
“ They are expanding my profile , expanding my audience and expanding my influence .
An ever larger number of people are now being exposed to the antidote to Obamaism : conservatism , as articulated by me .
An ever larger number of people are now exposed to substantive warnings , analysis and criticism of Obama 's policies and intentions , a ‘ story ’ I own because the [ mainstream media ] is largely the Obama Press Office . ”
The bigger , the better , agreed Carville .
“ It ’s great for us , great for him , great for the press , ” he said of Limbaugh .
“ The only people he ’s not good for are the actual Republicans in Congress . ”
If Limbaugh himself were to coin a phrase for it , he might call it Operation Rushbo – an idea that started out simply enough but quickly proved to be deeply resonant by a rapid succession of events , say Democrats inside and outside the West Wing .
The seeds were planted in October after Democracy Corps , the Democratic polling company run by Carville and Greenberg , included Limbaugh ’s name in a survey and found that many Americans just do n’t like him .
“ His positives for voters under 40 was 11 percent , ” Carville recalled with a degree of amazement , alluding to a question about whether voters had a positive or negative view of the talk show host .
Paul Begala , a close friend of Carville , Greenberg and White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel , said they found Limbaugh ’s overall ratings were even lower than the Rev. Jeremiah Wright , Obama ’s controversial former pastor , and William Ayers , the domestic terrorist and Chicago resident who Republicans sought to tie to Obama during the campaign .
Then came what Begala called “ the tripwire . ”
“ I hope he fails , ” Limbaugh said of Obama on his show four days before the president was sworn in .
It was a time when Obama ’s approval ratings were soaring , but more than that , polls showed even people who did n’t vote for him badly wanted him to succeed , coming to office at a time of economic meltdown .
The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee was the first to jump on the statement , sending the video to its membership to raise cash and stir a petition drive .
“ We helped get the ball rolling on this because we ’re looking and listening to different Republican voices around the country , and the one that was the loudest and getting the most attention was Rush Limbaugh , ” explained DCCC chairman and Rep. Chris Van Hollen ( D - Md. ) .
The Center for American Progress , a liberal think tank run by former Clinton Chief of Staff John Podesta , also pounced on Limbaugh 's " fail " line , drawing attention to it on their well - read blog .
Soon after , Americans United for Change , a liberal group , was airing Limbaugh ’s statement in an ad aimed at pushing Senate Republicans to support the stimulus bill .
“ It just cropped up out of how much play that comment was getting on the air , ” said Brad Woodhouse , who runs the group and is about to take over as communications director at the Democratic National Committee .
“ When we did it and it generated so much press , it just started to snowball from there . ”
But liberals quickly realized that trying to drive a wedge between congressional Republicans and Limbaugh was unlikely to work , and their better move was to paint the GOP as beholden to the talk show host .
This was driven home to them , according to one Democrat , when Rep. Phil Gingrey ( R - Ga. ) took a shot at Limbaugh in late January only to appear on his program the next day and plead having momentarily had “ foot - in - mouth disease . ”
By February , Carville and Begala were pounding on Limbaugh frequently in their appearances on CNN .
Neither Democrat would say so , but a third source said the two also began pushing the idea of targeting Limbaugh in their daily phone conversations with Emanuel .
Conversations and email exchanges began taking place in and out of the White House not only between the old pals from the Clinton era but also including White House senior adviser David Axelrod , Deputy Communications Director Dan Pfeiffer , Press Secretary Robert Gibbs and Woodhouse .
The White House needed no more convincing after Limbaugh ’s hour - plus performance Saturday , celebrated on the right and mocked on the left , at the Conservative Political Action Conference , where he re-stated his hope Obama fails .
“ He kicked this into full - gear at CPAC by reiterating it , ” said a senior White House official of Limbaugh .
By Sunday morning , Emanuel elevated the strategy by bringing up the conservative talker , unprompted , on CBS ’s “ Face the Nation ” and calling him the “ the voice and the intellectual force and energy behind the Republican Party . ”
Even Republican National Chairman Michael Steele joined in with a surprising critique of Limbaugh as a mere “ entertainer , ” who is “ ugly ” and “ incendiary . ”
“ He took a little match we had tossed on the leaves and poured gasoline on it , ” said one Democrat of Steele .
Steele was forced into calling Limbaugh to apologize Monday , an embarrassing climb - down following the RNC chairman ’s criticism of the conservative talk - show host .
But Democrats kept at it in rapid - fire succession , thrilled that Steele had validated their claim that Republicans were scared to cross Limbaugh .
Americans United for Change launched a new ad featuring Limbaugh ’s CPAC appearance .
A left - leaning media watchdog group began a new Limbaugh tracking homepage .
Democratic National Chairman Tim Kaine tweaked Steele for his apology .
Terry McAuliffe tried to inject Limbaugh into the Virginia governor ’s race .
The DCCC launched a new website , www.imsorryrush.com, mocking the Republicans who have had to apologize to Limbaugh .
And Gibbs served up a made - for - cable - TV quote to end his daily briefing Tuesday .
“ I was a little surprised at the speed in which Mr. Steele , the head of the RNC , apologized to the head of the Republican Party , ” Gibbs quipped with a grin , before striding out of the press room .
David Plouffe , Obama ’s campaign manager last year and a member of his inner circle still , will publish an op - ed in Wednesday ’s Washington Post chiding Republicans for being “ paralyzed with fear of crossing their leader . ”
A senior White House aide has been tasked with helping to guide the Limbaugh strategy .
Outside , Americans United for Choice , a liberal group , and the Democratic National Committee are driving the message , in close consultation with the White House .
Democrats can barely suppress their smiles these days , overjoyed at the instant - ad imagery of Limbaugh clad in Johnny Cash - black at CPAC and , more broadly , at what they see as their success in managing to further marginalize a party already on the outs .
“ I want to send Rush a bottle of vitamins , ” said Begala .
“ We need him to stay healthy and loud and proud . ”
With President George W. Bush and Vice - President Dick Cheney out of the White House and Tom DeLay gone from Congress , the left had been suddenly absent an unpopular right - wing figure .
Few Americans know who the congressional Republican leaders are .
Even Sarah Palin is now four time zones away from Washington .
Enter Limbaugh .
It ’s something of a back to the future tactic for Democrats : painting the GOP as the party of the angry white male .
But unlike Newt Gingrich or other prominent Republicans , Limbaugh does n’t have to mind his tongue .
And the liberal political apparatus is at battle stations taking note of his every comment .
Media Matters , the left - leaning media watchdog and advocacy group , began a “ Limbaugh Wire ” web - site Tuesday to track him .
“ For a long time Americans have n’t really been aware that he ’s so influential , ” said Eric Burns , the group ’s president .
Democrats are now working hard to ensure that changes .
“ He ’s driving the Republican reluctance to deal with Obama , which Americans want , ” said Greenberg .
“ He ’s the policeman [ keeping them in line ] . ”
They ’ll all get a fresh hook for the story after Wednesday , when a Democratic polling firm goes into the field to test , among other things , Limbaugh ’s standing with the public .
All the attention only offers upside for the buzz - hungry Limbaugh , said Carville .
“ The television cameras just ca n’t stay away from him , ” Carville said Tuesday , a day when cable news played images of Limbaugh seemingly on a loop .
“ Our strategy depends on him keeping talking , and I think we ’re going to succeed . ”
One of the biggest problems facing America ’s space agency as it prepares to return to the moon is how to manage lunar dust .
It gets into everything .
Worse , it ’s sticky , adhering to spacesuits and posing a potentially serious health hazard to future colonists .
Now , a scientist who has been studying the problem off and on over four decades thinks he may have untangled the mystery of why that dust is so sticky .
Brian O’Brien , an Australian physicist who worked on the Apollo program in the 1960s , said the sun ’s ultraviolet and X - ray radiation gives a positive charge to the dust , making it stick to surfaces such as spacesuits .
This does n’t happen on Earth because our atmosphere screens out much of the sun ’s harmful radiation .
The moon ’s atmosphere is so thin that the rays easily reach the surface .
Advertisement
O’Brien ’s most important finding , at least for NASA ’s purposes in planning for a return to the moon by 2020 , is that the angle of the sun ’s rays influences the stickiness .
The more direct the sunlight , he said , the stickier the dust .
O’Brien ’s interest in lunar dust dates to 1965 , when he was at Houston ’s Rice University , where he was selected as the lead scientist for seven lunar experiments designed for the Apollo program .
He began worrying that lunar dust could clog his devices and ruin the experiments .
Lunar dust is “ a bloody nuisance , ” O’Brien said in a statement .
In 1970 , he published a paper showing that lunar dust kicked up by the Apollo 11 lunar module that carried Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin back to space coated the surface of a seismometer left behind on the moon ’s surface .
The ground motion sensor overheated and failed after three years .
Advertisement
More than three decades later , in 2006 , O’Brien ’s fascination with lunar dust was rekindled when he learned that NASA had misplaced the original tapes from his dust - detecting experiments , he said in an e-mail from his home outside Perth , Australia .
O’Brien dug up his own collection of 173 tapes and set about trying to understand the behavior of the dust once more .
Now 75 and retired , he traced his desire to unravel the 40 - year - old problem to “ old - fashioned enduring interest and , I suppose , curiosity . ”
Over two years of painstaking research , O’Brien tracked the dust accumulating on two solar cells , one horizontal and one vertical , over the course of two lunar days .
That may not sound like much time , but a lunar day equals nearly 30 days on Earth .
He found that little dust collected on the horizontal cell in the lunar morning , when the sun ’s rays were slanted , while more dust adhered to the vertical cell , which more directly faced the rising sun .
Advertisement
The weaker the sun ’s rays , he found , the weaker the electrostatic forces causing the dust particles to stick , until the dust fell off .
Some scientists believe that one of the greatest challenges for future lunar colonists will be keeping their lungs free of the particles , each thinner than a human hair but sharp as a razor .
Based on his research , which is to be published in the journal Geophysical Research Letters , O’Brien thinks colonists will be able to combat the dust problem with a practical , Earth - tested solution : old - fashioned sunscreen .
There might be other approaches , O’Brien said , but “ I leave that stuff to the engineers responsible for the safety of the astronauts . ”
Advertisement
NASA ’s Johnson Space Center in Houston , the home of the manned spaceflight program , is working on the dust problem too .
Several scientists there have been in contact with O’Brien , according to the center ’s press office .
Officials did n’t challenge O’Brien ’s findings nor did they endorse them .
“ There are several models that predict how lunar dust behaves on the moon and very little evidence to validate those models , ” said Josh Byerly , a public affairs officer at Johnson .
“ We probably will not know its true behavior until we return . ”
--
john.johnson@latimes.com
BOULDER — Police found an 8 - month - old puppy — its feet , snout and tail bound in clear packing tape , a plastic bag and elastic hair ties — adhered to the side of a refrigerator in a Boulder home Tuesday morning , the apparent victim of a domestic dispute between its owner and his girlfriend .
Abby Toll , 20 , was arrested on suspicion of felony animal cruelty after telling police she taped up the puppy , a shiba inu named Rex , and stuck him to the fridge because she was angry at her boyfriend for not getting rid of his pet after it had bitten her .
“ There ’s a dog taped to the fridge , ” she told an officer who responded to a report of a domestic incident in the 2900 block of East Aurora Avenue around 5 a .m..
“ I know this looks bad .
We were going to get rid of him anyway .
We usually do n’t do this . ”
The dog , which police said in a report appeared to be in severe pain after being released from its “ tomb of tape , ” was placed with the Boulder Valley Humane Society for safekeeping .
Toll faces felony charges of animal cruelty and domestic assault , plus misdemeanor charges of criminal tampering and third - degree assault .
She was being held Tuesday night at the Boulder County Jail in lieu of a $ 12,500 bond .
She allegedly slapped her boyfriend , 21 - year - old Bryan Beck , in the face and threw numerous objects at him after taping the dog to the fridge .
Beck was arrested on suspicion of misdemeanor false imprisonment and obstructing the use of Toll ’s cell phone .
Read the rest of this story at DailyCamera.com .
Update : �Despite the statement posted on wikileaks.org , the disappearance of wikileaks .
de appears to be the result of nothing more than a terminated contract .
The contract to host wikileaks .
de ended at the end of 2008 ( heise.de , via Slashdot ) , and the site was taken offline after a three - month window during which the registrant could have moved it elsewhere .
Original story :
Germany and Wikileaks may be going at it again .
The latest kerfuffle comes courtesy of German registration authority , DENIC , which has removed the domain registration for wikileaks .
de .
The domain , which is still unavailable as of publication , is held by Theodor Reppe of Dresden , Germany , whose �home was raided last month by German police . �
The raid came shortly after Wikileaks published a blacklist reportedly used by the Australian government to block banned websites .
The list is closely guarded by the Australian Media and Communications Authority , and is reportedly distributed to �ISPs and �makers of filtering software as part of Australia 's ambitious ( and unrealistic ) content filtering initiative .
Wikileaks has denied that Reppe has any involvement in the active operations of the site , saying that he is merely the one holding the registration .
According to a statement posted by Wikileaks , the site 's admins have yet to be officially contacted by representatives of the German government , a development the site calls " inexcusable . "
Wikileaks has built up an impressive portfolio of leaked documents like those from secretive religious organizations , congressional reports , specs for military hardware capable of jamming IEDs used by insurgents in Iraq , and even its own donors list .
In doing so , it has found few friends in governments and courts , with one judge even ordering its DNS record be erased after documents from Swiss Bank Julius Baer were uploaded to the site .
As the saying goes , information wants to be free .
As a result , attempts by a single government to hinder access to documents hosted by sites such as Wikileaks prove to be largely ineffective .
Case in point : even though wikileaks .
de is still out of order , wikileaks.org — with the same content — is still open for business .
DEINC tells heise.de� ( German ) that it was notified that Reppe was no longer managing the domain , and that its contract was terminated on March 31 .
Crenarchaeal viruses come in diverse morphologies , as shown by these silhouettes .
According to a new model , because these viruses live in hot , acidic environments , they may have been immune to the mass extinctions throughout Earth ’s history , which explains why they have almost nothing in common with today ’s more modern organisms .
Image credit : Jalasvuori and Bamford .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Mass extinctions occur repeatedly , though irregularly , throughout Earth ’s history , and occasionally these extinctions have been devastating to life on our planet - or have they ?
Extinction events have sometimes accelerated the evolution of life on earth by eliminating old dominating species and making room for new ones .
A new study takes this idea a step further , showing that life may have never achieved the complexity necessary for the development of advanced multi-cellular organisms without recurring extinction events .
In their study , Matti Jalasvuori and Jaana K.H. Bamford of the University of Jyväskylä in Jyväskylä , Finland , have developed a model that helps to explain how life evolved from its origins to the complex cellular systems we see today .
Their model is based on a type of virus in the archaeal kingdom called Crenarchaeota , which thrives in extremely hot , acidic environments like those found on the bottom of the ocean , where the viruses infiltrate hosts called acidophilic hyperthermophiles .
Because crenarchaeal viruses share almost no similarities with other viruses or organisms , they likely originated very early in Earth ’s history .
" On a personal note , I find it exciting to think that very early life on Earth might have had a wide variety of peculiar viruses , " Jalasvuori told PhysOrg.com .
" We may ask whether their presence is a natural consequence of the processes that led to the origin of the first cells . "
In addition to having few similarities with other organisms , crenarchaeal viruses are unexpectedly diverse among themselves , as well .
Their diverse morphologies include spheres , light bulbs , bottles , tulips , polyhedrons with tails , and more .
In an attempt to explain the origins of these differences , Jalasvuori and Bamford propose that mass extinctions caused by meteorites and volcanoes might have wiped out many cellular organisms , but the hyperthermophiles at the bottom of the ocean would have survived , along with their parasitic viruses .
As the scientists explain , both meteorite impacts and volcanic eruptions can warm the Earth .
Meteorites boil the oceans and heat the atmosphere , as well as vaporize sulfoxides in rocks upon impact , leading to poisonous acidic rain .
Similarly , volcanism in the form of flood basalts increases carbon dioxide levels , causing atmospheric warming and acid rain .
While meteorites and volcanoes are considered the two main causes of extinctions , the “ snowball Earth ” scenario , in which Earth is covered in ice , may have been another extinction mechanism .
While these events may have led to the extinction of the majority of bacterial and archaeal cells living in cool and neutral - pH environments , the naturally acidic and geothermally heated environments of the crenarchaeal viruses and their hosts would not have been greatly affected .
The hyperthermophiles are already used to hot acidic conditions , and geothermal heat would protect them from snowball Earth conditions .
The scientists propose , then , that crenarchaeal viruses have simply maintained their originally diverse morphologies , whereas viruses of non-hyperthermophile hosts ( including other crenarchaeal viruses ) have not .
In this view , crenarchaeal viruses in geothermally heated areas would have formed from the primordial gene pool .
As previous research has shown , the battle between viruses and the cells they try to infect is thought to be a major force in driving evolution .
Under pressure from viruses , cells continually develop mutations to avoid infections , but these mutations usually are n’t useful in other ways ( except coincidentally ) .
However , as the new model shows , when an extinction event occurs that kills off many of the cells in an environment , the number of viruses also decreases for lack of hosts .
The viruses ’ main weapon is having a variety of host recognition proteins ( HRPs ) that know which cells to attack .
But fewer viruses means fewer HRPs , so that surviving cells that are immune to the few remaining viruses now have a chance to evolve in an environment free of virus interference .
Under virus - free conditions , cells can inherit mutations that are likely to be more useful in the long run , rather than simply defensive strategies .
In this way , extinction events speed up the development of new biological functions that might otherwise be unlikely to emerge .
Without extinction events , viruses might control all of Earth ’s evolution .
" I find the idea that viruses face extinctions along with their hosts important , " said Jalasvuori .
" It is widely believed that viruses , in a sense , control the evolution of their hosts and kill the evolutionary winners .
Therefore , right after extinction level events , such as massive meteorite impacts , there would be very few viruses to bring the success - story of the winner to an end .
Some of the novel evolutionary innovations observed today might have emerged for the first time in the genomes of these winners . "
Nevertheless , the hot , acidic environments in which ancient species live is not necessarily a hindrance to evolution , and may in fact be essential to life ’s origins .
Without such regions , emerging life might not have survived meteorite bombardments and volcanic eruptions that repeatedly wipe out species " farther from the nest . "
Yet , as Jalasvuori and Bamford note , their proposal is only a model , and more research is required to see how well the model fits with data and laboratory studies .
Overall , the study shows that the diversity of crenarchaeal viruses in geothermally heated areas requires further attention , since the details could help scientists better understand the origins of life .
" We have experiments taking place within laboratory microcosmoses , in which we attempt to determine the impact of viruses on the evolution of different aspects of their hosts , " said Jalasvuori .
" These cosmoses give us the control over the factors that could have an effect on the evolution of the hosts and thus we should be able to see more precisely the adaptive traits that are caused by viruses and those that are not . "
More information : Jalasvuori , Matti and Bamford , Jaana K.H.
" Did the Ancient Crenarchael Viruses from the Dawn of Life Survive Exceptionally Well the Eons of Meteorite Bombardment ? "
Astrobiology , Volume 9 , Number 1 , 2009 .
© Mary Ann Liebert , Inc. DOI : 10.1089/ast.2007.0189 .
Copyright 2009 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
Explore further Yellowstone viruses ' jump ' between hot pools
It does n’t take a research study to tell us that the typical American diet is crap .
We eat foods full of saturated fats , which are difficult to break down , and way too much of most foods .
Over 25 % of the American population is estimated to be obese , according to the Center for Disease Control ( CDC ) .
Obesity can lead to severe health problems including diabetes , heart disease and stroke .
But somehow our diet stays the same .
However , changing our eating habits to resemble a more Mediterranean Diet can help prevent some of these health problems , according to a wave of studies over the last year .
Is a Mediterranean diet a cure - all ?
No , there is some hype and that 's why I joke about it being the new Prius - it wo n't do any good to eat 4,000 calories per day of Mediterranean food .
But if you eat a reasonable amount of calories and swap out candy bars for nuts , the data says you will be healthier .
The average American diet is comprised of red meats , processed starches , and a high amount of saturated fats .
Fruits and vegetables are limited .
As a result , heart disease is one of the leading cause of death for men and women in the US .
This Wendy 's delightful concoction is 3,000 calories and 1.5 lbs. of ground beef .
Photo credit : flickr user nickdamico According to a study ( 1 ) led by Teresa Fung , a nutrition professor at Simmons College , women whose diets matched a typical Mediterranean diet saw 29 % less risk of heart disease and a 13 % less risk of stroke .
These are significant factors because these are two of the leading causes of death among both women and men in the US .
Fung ’s study documented findings from a large - scale study which used data 74,886 women ranging from ages 38 - 63 and focused on their diet and incidence of heart disease and stroke in the participants .
Mediterranean food , featuring starches from unrefined sources , like this risotto , and proteins from fish and seafoods , as well as increased nutrition from fruits and vegetables are the source for the lowered heart disease and stroke risks in people with a similar diet .
Photo credit : flickr user avlxyz
So what does this mean for you ?
That you should put the butter down and pick up the olive oil .
Olive oil is used as the primary cooking oil in Italy and Greece , and is a source of monounsaturated fat , which is much easier for the body to break down .
Modeling a Mediterranean diet also means a larger percentage of plant protein in the diet as well as whole grains and fish should replace more commonly found red meats , refined grains and sugars of the American diet .
The Mediterranean diet shifts towards more plant - based nutrition , as well as proteins from sources like beans and nuts rather than red meats .
Although previous studies have shown an association between the Mediterranean diet and a reduced risk of cardiovascular problems in both men and women , this is the first study to conduct follow - up for a 20 year period and to look at non fatal events .
" These are dramatic results , " said Fung .
" Women whose diets look like the Mediterranean diet are not only less likely to die from heart disease and stroke , but also less likely to have those diseases . "
The future is n't ideal even in the Meditteranean , she notes .
American - style fast food and red meat may be replacing the Mediterranean diet even in Mediterranean countries
References :
Teresa T. Fung ScD , Kathryn M. Rexrode MD , Christos S. Mantzoros MD , JoAnn E. Manson MD , DrPH , Walter C. Willett MD , DrPH , and Frank B. Hu MD , PhD , ' Mediterranean Diet and Incidence of and Mortality From Coronary Heart Disease and Stroke in Women ' , Published online before print February 16 , 2009 , doi : 10.1161/CIRCULATIONAHA.108.816736
More studies on the Mediterranean diet
The Obesity Society
The “ e- borders ” system will log passenger information according to the data provided by the airline , which in most cases will be from the non-British passport used for the outbound journey .
As a result , a dual national – even if readmitted to Britain by an immigration officer on showing a British passport – could be registered as an alien with no more rights than any other tourist , and limited to six months in the country .
" Junk DNA " are inactive parts of your genome , switched off long ago in evolutionary history .
Now scientists say there 's a junk gene that fights HIV .
And they 've discovered how to turn it back on .
Advertisement
What these scientists have done could give us the first foolproof HIV vaccine .
They have re-awakened the human genome 's latent potential to make us all into HIV - resistant creatures .
This evening in PLoS Biology , they 've published their ground - breaking research .
A group of scientists led by Nitya Venkataraman and Alexander Colewhether wanted to try a new approach to fighting HIV - one that worked with the body 's own immune system .
They knew Old World monkeys had a built - in immunity to HIV : a protein called retrocyclin , which can prevent HIV from entering cell walls and starting an infection .
So they began poring over the human genome , looking to see if humans had a latent gene that could manufacture retrocyclin too .
It turned out that we did , but a " nonsense mutation " in the gene had turned it off at some point in our evolutionary history .
Advertisement
Nonsense mutations are caused when random DNA code shows up in the middle of a gene , preventing it from beginning the process of manufacturing proteins in the cell .
Venkataraman and her team decided to investigate this gene further , doing a series of tests to see if the retrocyclin it produced would keep HIV out of human cells .
It did .
At last , they knew that if they could just figure out a way to reawaken the " junk " gene that creates retrocyclin in humans , they might be able to stop HIV infections .
The researchers just needed to figure out a way to remove that nonsense mutation and get the target gene to start manufacturing retrocyclin again .
G/O Media may get a commission First Bag Free
Here 's where things really get interesting .
The team found a way to use a compound called aminoglycosides , which itself can cause errors when RNA transcribes information from DNA to make proteins .
But this time , the aminoglycoside error would work in their favor :
It would cause that RNA to ignore the nonsense mutation in the junk gene , and therefore start making retrocyclin again .
In preliminary tests , their scheme worked .
The human cells made retrocyclin , fended off HIV , and effectively became AIDS - resistant .
And it was done entirely using the latent potential in the so - called junk DNA of the human genome .
After more research is done , the researchers believe this might become a viable way to make humans immune to HIV infection .
Advertisement
What intrigues me , beyond the amazing idea of an AIDS vaccine , is that aminoglycosides have the potential to unlock the uses for other pieces of junk DNA .
Those of you who read Greg Bear 's novel Darwin 's Radio know that this scenario is familiar scifi territory :
In that book , humans start rapidly evolving after their junk DNA re-awakens in response to stress .
Could we induce instant mutations , or gain other new immunities by using aminoglycosides on our junk DNA ?
What would it mean to have the whole crazy , giant human genome at our command ?
via PLoS Biology
Yes , recently , the dollar has gotten relatively stronger against other currencies .
But , due to a combination of events ( past , present , and future ) this wo n't last .
As a matter of fact , at some point in the future the dollar may need life - support to survive .
Life support ?
Those are fairly harsh words you might say .
Well consider this , the standard definition of inflation is too many dollars chasing too few goods .
This week it was reported that unemployment hit a 25 year high at 8.1 percent .
If you include all the discouraged workers who have given up looking for work , like the government use to include in the rate , the number balloons to between 14 and 20 percent !
We have not seen these numbers since the 1930s .
It makes sense that this many unemployed workers will generally reduce national production of goods .
Combine this reduction due to unemployment with the trillions of new dollars the Fed and Treasury have injected into the economy in the last year and you have a recipe for a strong decline in the value of the dollar and much higher prices .
So , where has all that new money the government and central bank has injected into the economy gone ?
The answer is into savings accounts and bank balance sheets .
Government figures show that the household savings rate jumped to 5 percent in January from 0 percent last spring – the highest rate since 1995 .
Back in December , the cash reserves of banks in the U.S. increased to $ 774.4 billion from $ 604.7 billion in November and an incredible $ 2.39 billion in December 2007 .
Thus , the new money along with trillions pulled out of the stock market sits on the sidelines and not in circulation where it would be making for higher prices .
At some point , when banks resume lending and consumers spend their savings on fewer goods , the deluge of cash into circulation will significantly debase the value of the dollar and cause an inflationary depression the likes of which we have never seen .
History tells us this scenario is not far - fetched .
Strapped for funds because of huge debts incurred by spending for World War I , the Weimar Republic experienced a deflationary collapse in the early 1920s .
As the German government printed new money to stimulate the economy , the mark actually appreciated against other foreign currencies for a while .
However , as additional debt mounted and the economy refused to improve , the German people lost faith in their currency and began spending billions of hoarded marks in the marketplace making for one of the most severe episodes of hyperinflation in modern economic history .
Sound familiar ?
Replace spending for World War I with spending for a general warfare state and we have fulfilled three - quarters of the above scenario .
The only part left is the deluge of huge amounts of dollars back into circulation making for some level of hyperinflation .
Of course , Fed chairman Bernanke claims the Fed will be ready when recovery hits to sterilize the money supply and bring it down to an appropriate level .
But , how does he know what that level should be ?
Will it be commensurate with the smaller economy we will have then ?
The above scenario only takes into account domestic economic factors .
What about the foreign countries and nationals who hold dollar reserves ?
Can it not be assumed they will act in their own self - interest ?
Countries will spend dollars to stabilize their currencies and individuals will dump dollars to preserve their savings and spending power .
Lastly , the Fed induced Treasury bond bubble will burst expanding the Fed 's balance sheet and unleashing more dollars into the economy .
With all of these events working together , Bernanke will have a complex , high risk , long and drawn out job bringing the money supply into line with market needs .
At the end of the day , Fed policy caused our patient ( the economy ) to get sick ; the Fed 's cure ( spending ) is killing it .
It wo n't be long before our patient needs life support .
Kenn Jacobine teaches internationally and maintains a summer residence in Haywood County , North Carolina .
Visit his website online at : The View from Abroad
Pirates have intensified attacks on shipping in recent weeks
An attempted attack by Somali pirates on a Norwegian tanker was foiled by Nato warships and helicopters after an overnight pursuit in the Gulf of Aden .
Nato said a Canadian warship caught the pirates before releasing them after the gang attacked the MV Front Ardenne .
The alliance said the pirates had been released because they could not be prosecuted under Canadian law .
On Saturday , Dutch commandos serving with the Nato anti-piracy operation freed 20 pirate captives from Yemen .
In that incident , too , the raiders were released .
We were faster and surprisingly more manoeuvrable than the pirate skiff
Michael McWhinnie
Canadian warship spokesman
Somali piracy : Global overview
American forces joined in Sunday 's pursuit of pirates who used rocket - propelled grenades in an attack on the 80,000 - tonne MV Front Ardenne .
Portuguese Lt Cdr Alexandre Santos Fernandes told AP news agency the raiders only stopped after repeated warning shots were fired .
He said the gang was interrogated and disarmed before being released .
A spokesman aboard the Canadian warship , the Winnipeg , Michael McWhinnie , said they had switched off all lights to hunt the fleeing pirates through the night .
" We blocked their path .
We were faster and surprisingly more manoeuvrable than the pirate skiff , " Mr McWhinnie told Reuters news agency .
Pirates have intensified attacks on shipping in recent weeks in one of the world 's busiest sea lanes , despite patrols by the foreign navies .
In another incident on Saturday , Somali pirates seized a Belgian ship and its 10 crew , including seven Europeans .
Nato 's success this weekend is the latest in a string of recent Western military operations against the pirates .
French and US troops have both taken action against pirates in recent days .
The French rescued three people from a captured yacht in an assault which saw one man killed .
Last week US troops killed three pirates and captured another as they rescued the American captain of a tanker from captivity .
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton recently unveiled a plan to tackle piracy in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean off Somalia .
This is part of my RPG series of entries here at SOB .
See the inaugural entry in the series for more details .
I follow the writings of Mad Brew , aka Michael Brewer , sporadically .
Essentially , I check it out whenever I remember it ’s there .
He strays into subject areas that do n’t interest me much just slightly too often for me to have actually subscribed to it with an RSS reader yet ( my RSS reader tends to fill up far too quickly ) , but he writes the occasional piece that is so good I just have to try to keep up with the thing at times .
He wrote about RPGs as Intellectual Property yesterday , and that was one of those writings that is not only on a topic I care about , but so well - written it would be a real shame to miss it .
I ’ve come to two realizations , as a result of that : first , that I want to comment about it here ; and second , that I need to subscribe to his RSS feed , because I do n’t want to risk missing another piece of writing I find as interesting as this one .
First , my impressions :
He did an excellent job of breaking things down to layman ’s terms .
He explained ( in part , in the comments below the actual article ) the mystique of copyright enforcement , as it applies to licensing schemes such as the OGL ( “ open source ” gaming license used with D&D 3.x rules , known as the d20 system ) and the D&D GSL ( highly restrictive license , apparently designed to punish third - party game material developers and trick third - party publishers into forsaking the OGL ) .
As he points out , many people seem to think that just because the GSL exists , that ’s the only way one can make use of the published materials .
Such people are not familiar with the legal protections of fair use law .
( “ open source ” gaming license used with D&D 3.x rules , known as the d20 system ) and the D&D ( highly restrictive license , apparently designed to punish third - party game material developers and trick third - party publishers into forsaking the OGL ) .
As he points out , many people seem to think that just because the GSL exists , that ’s the only way one can make use of the published materials .
Such people are not familiar with the legal protections of fair use law .
He clarified the applicability of copyright law to games — which is to say that the law does not protect the rules of a game , which would more properly be the domain of patent law .
I ’m surprised he did n’t mention fair use with regards to copyright law in the body of the article — such as the fact that quoting for purposes of review , satire , et cetera is protected speech .
Second , my thoughts :
I ’m a big fan of fair use , because I think it ’s an important remnant of the natural economic state of ideas that has managed to survive through hundreds of years of abuse under restrictive intellectual protectionism regimes .
Unfortunately , special efforts have been made by organizations like the MPA , RIAA , MPAA , and BSA to erode the scope of fair use in practice .
What I like even more , of course , is the public domain or ( especially in the context of strong copyright enforcement ) copyfree licensing policy .
While the original intent of copyright and patent law may have been to encourage the arts and sciences , the end result has proven to be contradictory to that aim .
Even in the early days of the United States , the framers of the nation ’s founding documents expressed some skepticism about the advisability of copyright and patent law .
Thomas Jefferson himself , as part of a longer statement about the subject :
Inventions then cannot , in nature , be a subject of property .
Read the rest of the quote on the other side of that link .
It ’s enlightening about his own state of mind on the matter at the time .
Sadly , he was ultimately persuaded to succumb to the desires of those who favored copyright and patent law by their fervor .
There is no compelling argument on record , that I have been able to find , setting forth a more logical and complete refutation of Thomas Jefferson ’s lucid and thoughtful points on the matter ; he basically just caved to pressure .
As a result of such pressures , we now have a system that guarantees the rights of the artist and inventor will , in almost every case , be trampled by the business interests of market dominating corporations .
The way TSR during the Williams years and WotC under Hasbro ’s guidance have set out to trample anyone trying to expand upon the ideas published in D&D game books serves as an excellent example of how even fair use protections and the inapplicability of copyright law to game design may not be protection enough .
A powerful enough organization , going after a weak enough target , can very easily shut down any perceived competition with spurious lawsuits just because of the costs involved in defending oneself against such unwanted attentions .
Protection rackets like these — where a company like Wizards of the Coast strong - arms smaller publishers into playing by the insanely restrictive rules of licenses such as the GSL with threats of spurious infringement lawsuits — are common in any established industry where “ intellectual property ” is the main stock in trade , with the result of discouraging innovation and creativity .
Only organizations run by lawyers , such as Kenzer & Co. , can reasonably afford to pursue a fair use approach to third - party publishing .
Third , how this affects you and me :
It ’s for this reason that as I ’ve been writing materials based on roleplaying games published under the OGL I have chosen to use the OGL itself to license my materials .
While I could , with a few tweaks , be adequately covered by fair use to have a solid defense in case of a spurious lawsuit , I cannot afford the expense of such a defense no matter how righteous in the eyes of the law .
As a result of this , materials that could be even less restrictively licensed than the terms of the OGL ( I ’d prefer to offer these materials under the terms of the Open Works License , the same as the content of this Weblog ) are instead subject to the same complex licensing as the materials that inspired them .
I lose , because I have to step with greater care when writing up new materials , and you lose , because you are subject to the same complex , somewhat restrictive licensing .
Still , the OGL is a huge leap forward over more traditional game publishing models that leverage strong copyright enforcement , and is certainly far better for the game , the industry , and the community than the GSL .
The term “ intellectual property ” is de riguer in pro-copyright and pro-patent circles , but it ’s a misnomer .
Ideas and compositions subject to patent and copyright , respectively , are not in fact property at all .
Property is a product of scarcity ; to have property , one must have something that can be controlled , even to the point of destruction .
As Thomas Jefferson noted , an idea is like fire — it spreads from mind to mind , growing in volume and power , expanding its reach without diminishing its origin in the least .
Property can be stolen ; ideas cannot .
Theft deprives an owner of the power of a possession , but spreading an idea does no such thing .
In fact , spreading an idea only increases its power .
The law itself recognizes this distinction between property on one hand , and those materials subject to copyright and patent protections on the other .
Whereas using a sandwich without permission is theft , using an idea or an expression of an idea is “ infringement ” , because it infringes upon the privileges granted by copyright law .
It does not violate rights that are , in fact , merely protected by law .
There is no inherent right to control over an idea that has been imparted to another person ’s understanding .
The practice of treating it as a right , of using the overwhelming force of law to coerce people into behaving as though such a right existed , is nothing more than a protection racket .
The difference between the most basic foundation of copyright law and the excesses of industry organizations such as the RIAA and BSA is merely one of degrees and pervasiveness : both are cases of a protection racket .
Fourth , other notes :
Does anyone know what happened to Amagi Games ?
This was a site offering public domain game materials , an effort I would wholeheartedly endorse if it had not simply vanished somewhere along the way .
I fear that it may have , once it became a more open , contributor - based endeavor , been the victim of a DMCA takedown notice .
If anyone has any information about this , I ’d appreciate an update .
Since the site just disappeared , taking any contact information there with it , it ’s not easy to try to make contact .
( edit : As indicated in comments below , the site suffered some technical difficulties due to a security issue , and had to be shut down until its patron has the time to relaunch the site with those problems solved . )
A few months ago , perhaps in reaction to the underwhelming response of third - party publishers to the GSL , WotC made noises about revising the GSL to make it more friendly and usable .
I have n’t noticed any such improvements , however , and in fact what I have seen is WotC / Hasbro getting its panties in a bunch and cracking down on “ infringement ” .
The Ema ’s Character Sheets site was a victim of this , though to be fair it did actually infringe beyond the bounds of fair use — but there has been some saber rattling in other areas as well .
( Alas , I did n’t take notes on where I saw such mentions at the time I ran across them , because I was n’t planning this SOB entry then , so feel free to take this with a grain of salt . )
Unfortunately , longer ago than either of those depressing notes , the Open Gaming Foundation went dormant .
The site is still there , with the same materials still posted that were there to begin with , but it has apparently not been updated in years .
Its maintainer seems to have abandoned the whole thing , other than continuing to pay the bills so the hosting company and domain registrar do n’t turn out the lights .
This could have been a useful resource , and I would have been happy to help ( on a free of charge , volunteer basis ) with the upkeep of the site if such was needed , but an attempt to contact the site ’s maintainer went unanswered — so it appears even email is being ignored .
I hope its persistence is n’t just a result of the domain registrant and hosting customer having paid for several years in advance then gotten run over by a bus .
Fifth , what I ’d like to do :
In the long run , I ’d like to start developing games under the OWL — and , eventually , make a profit .
I actually have plans in mind for the development of a game , complete with the beginnings of an inkling for how I could produce physical , hardcopy publication of the game for sale .
This would be in addition to , and not instead of , freely distributable online publication .
It ’s kind of an ambitious project , and probably doomed to failure ( the pen- and - paper RPG market has never been much of a direct profit industry ) , but something I ’d like to attempt at any rate .
I ’ll keep producing some of my own OGL / d20 materials , particularly in support of Pathfinder RPG ( the heir apparent to the D&D 3.5 game , via the OGL ) , of course ; I still want to play that game after all .
My ambitions with regards to a new game system that might someday have the potential to produce profit need not conflict with that .
Eventually , though , I want to have a hand in creating an example of how truly open game development can prove a successful endeavor , not only in terms of mind share or market share , but also in terms of profit ( or at least covering its own costs ) .
Suggestions and support are welcome , but really the main point of this SOB entry is to raise awareness , to get people thinking beyond the tiny little boxes in which social tradition tries to enclose them .
The fact that copyright and patent laws have existed for longer than any of us have lived does not , in any way , translate to their sacredness .
They should be questioned , their very premises examined — and , I believe , they should ultimately be discarded .
It is my belief ( and the principles of the Austrian school of economics support this belief , though many self - styled Austrian economists probably do n’t realize it ) that ultimately greater successes , and greater profits , can be had by adopting a laissez - faire approach to the question of intellectual property .
As such , I think the best way to undermine the corporate controlled industry tradition of strong copyright enforcement is to compete with it , but to use open , unrestrictive licensing — copyfree licensing , ideally — to do so .
It may take a very long time to overcome the market dominating effect of the brand recognition of the longest - lived RPG line , the very first commercial RPG in fact , and the only RPG to ever really become a nationwide household name in the US , but it is a worthy goal .
There are basically two ways to approach this , I think :
Make up your own games .
Release them to the world — publish them , in other words , whether online or physically — under unrestrictive licenses , or even under the auspices of the public domain .
Support the efforts of others to do so , favoring them over closed , restrictive games subject to proprietary , punitive licenses .
Toward the efforts of number 2 , I have chosen to boycott D&D 4E , personally , not only because it is subject to restrictive licensing , but because the publisher abandoned open licensing , and set out ( maliciously , in my opinion ) to coerce others by way of WotC ’s market dominance to abandon open licensing as well .
Where Paizo has taken up the torch , I will support it , and I think that you should do so as well .
It may not be licensed under truly copyfree terms , but it is a significant improvement over the GSL , and — face it — we need a direct descendant of D&D to support if any real headway is to be made , for as long as the D&D brand itself remains solvent .
I would also support efforts such as Amagi Games and the Open Gaming Foundation , if there was anything there to support .
In their absence , I hope you ’ll support me , as I come up with more materials to offer to the world under open licenses — and I hope others spring up to help spread the meme , and that both Amagi Games and the OGF may revive themselves and find new life .
Obraz wart jest tysiąca słów .
W tym więc przypadku ograniczę się tylko do poinformowania , że powyższe specjalne zestawy komunijne są do nabycia w Empikach .
Nic nam nie wiadomo o wersjach z 360 .
PS Zwrócicie uwagę , że gry zostały dobrane sensownie .
To znaczy ośmiolatki nie dostały do konsoli na przykład Killzone 2 i GTA 4 .
Dzięki , zuli .
AKTUALIZACJA : Z PS2 też są analogiczne zestawy .
Zerknijcie do galerii .
I jeszcze słowo wyjaśnienia – nie , nie mamy tej fotki z Wykopu , dostaliśmy ją mailem od naszego czytelnika .
Polygamia zawsze linkuje swoje źródła informacji .
Kolejna aktualizacja : Zgłosił się do nas autor zdjęcia , użytkownik
Wykopu o ksywce sir .
Na jego prośbę jako źródło podajemy Wykop .
[ via Wykop ]
I would like to give my baby 's used clothes , which are mainly cotton babygrows , to an organisation that will send them to developing countries , preferably in Africa .
Where would be the best place to send them so that they are used by mothers rather than being recycled as other garments or sold on for profit for another cause ?
Denise Brookes , Buckinghamshire
Given the warm glow to be gained by all involved , finding a worthy home for used baby clothes is surprisingly taxing .
Beyond handing them down to friends and family , the easiest and most common route is chucking them , along with all your other unwanted clothing , into the clothes bank at your local tip ( or civic amenities site , as they now like to be known ) .
Some local authorities provide a doorstep collection for clothing , but either way it is highly likely to end up in the hands of one of the large textile recycling firms , such as LMB , based in Canning Town , London , which sorts and sends off clothes for resale in Uganda or Hungary .
You could also take your chances with one of the many for - profit clothing collection companies that leave plastic bags on our doorsteps hoping that we will fill them up .
The trouble is - as has been well publicised - it is less than certain how reputable these firms are , and many do little to let you know that they are , in fact , not charities .
Or you could take your clothes along to a local " nearly new " sale , organised by the National Childbirth Trust ( www.nctpregnancyandbabycare.com).
But if you want to know exactly where your baby clothes are headed , and who will benefit from your donation , it is probably best to find a local charity , community , hospital or church group that organises such collections .
( There are many informal knitting groups around the UK that make baby clothes for distribution in developing nations - find one and ask if your clothes can tag along . )
One charity that collects baby clothes is the Baby Pack Project ( freewebs.com /babypackproject ) .
It distributes donated baby clothes - and other accessories - to maternity clinics in Kwa Zulu Natal , South Africa , and was set up in 2005 by a local woman after she saw newborn babies being wrapped in newspaper to keep warm .
Mood : horny horny
Music : Stuff I downloaded off Kaza .
Do n't like it ?
Get stuffed .
RIAA ?
We 're huge fans of having vinegar in our cleaning arsenal .
It 's great at lifting stains , freshening laundry , cleaning windows and much more .
Plus , it 's inexpensive and often on hand .
But vinegar is also acidic , which means it can majorly damage some materials .
That 's why we 've identified all the places you should — and should n't — be using this around the house .
What You CAN Clean With Vinegar
1. Windows
Instead of spending money on window cleaners make your own .
Mix 2 tablespoons of white vinegar with a gallon of water and dispense it with .
Squirt on , then wipe off with a dry cloth .
2. Dishwashers
Just as you descale a coffee pot , you need to de -gunk your dishwasher too .
Carolyn Forte , director of the Good Housekeeping Institute Cleaning Lab , recommends placing a large glass measuring cup filled with two cups of vinegar on the top rack , then running the machine as usual — no detergent , no heat dry .
" The vinegar will mix with the water as it circulates , " Forte says .
This will deep - clean your appliance .
3. Towels
When towels start to feel stiff , toss them into your washing machine with 1 /2 cup of white vinegar — and no detergent .
This will help remove detergent residue and minerals that are making them feel scratchy .
4. Carpet
Battle carpet stains , like wine , by mixing one tablespoon of and one tablespoon of white vinegar with two cups of warm water .
Use a clean white cloth or sponge to apply a little bit at a time , blotting frequently with a dry cloth until the stain disappears .
5. Supermarket produce
Vinegar may help remove bacteria and pesticide residues from fruits and veggies .
Mix three parts water to one part white vinegar and dispense in a spray bottle .
Then rinse with water .
6. Stubborn glue
If you 're having trouble getting that annoying sticky label residue off of a product or if you accidentally glue something together , try using vinegar as a solvent to dissolve many common adhesives .
Vinegar is also good at cutting grease .
Getty + Betsy Farrell
What You Should NEVER Clean With Vinegar
1. Granite and marble countertops
" The acid in vinegar can etch natural stone , " says Forte .
Use a and warm water instead .
2. Stone floor tiles
Just like countertops , the natural stone in your bathroom does n't take kindly to acidic cleaners , like vinegar and lemon .
Avoid ammonia too , and stick to cleaning with special stone soap , like Simple Green Stone Cleaner and Polish ( $ 6 , ) , or a and water .
3 . Egg stains or spills
If you drop an egg on the floor ( or find that your house or car has been the victim of some rambunctious teens ) , do n't reach for the vinegar to help clean up .
Just like when you poach an egg , the acidity can cause it to coagulate , making the egg more difficult to remove .
4. Irons
" Vinegar can damage the internal parts of an iron , " says Forte .
" So do n't pour it through to freshen and clean it out .
To keep irons from clogging , empty them completely after use , and follow the manufacturer 's cleaning instructions . "
5. Hardwood floors
The jury 's still out on this one :
Some homeowners find that vinegar solutions clean their sealed hardwoods beautifully , but others report that it damages the finish .
Our advice :
Use a cleaner specifically formulated for hardwood , like Bona ( $ 8 , ) .
But if you want to try vinegar , always dilute with water and test it on an inconspicuous spot before you tackle an entire room .
6 . Truly stubborn stains
Blot , sponge and try as you might , grass stains , ink , ice cream and blood wo n't come out with vinegar alone , says Forte .
They tend to set into the fabric quickly or just do n't respond to acid , so treat them with a prewash stain remover like Shout Advanced Gel ( $ 14 for a 3 - pack , ) and launder with a detergent with enzymes ( check the package — most stain - fighting detergents have them ) .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
READER COMMENTS ON
" Meghan McCain Wants the GOP to ' Go Gay ' "
( 11 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... loonwalk said on 4/13/2009 @ 6:17 pm PT ...
But what will happen to all of their elected officials ' marriages ?
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Disllusioned said on 4/13/2009 @ 11:01 pm PT ...
I saw an interview she gave ( possibly Larry King ? ) , and she actually was fairly impressive if you give her a bit of credit for being so young .
I 'd consider a republican comeback feasible if she were the party 's focus of endearment instead of Palin .
M. McCain understands the issues and role of government far better than Palin will ever understand them .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Savantster said on 4/14/2009 @ 8:47 am PT ...
Poor Meghan .. she wants the right - wing to become open minded centrists !
Uh , is n't that centrist democrats ?
.. oh , wait , some of them do n't support equal rights for all citizens , either .
the right - wing is wrong , and even those in the party can't seem to accept that reality .
Meghan is clearly not a Republican , but has to keep that " identifier " because we 're brainwashed in this country to think that such things matter .. that if you " change your mind " , you were clearly " wrong " , and that is somehow a " bad thing " in America .
Arrogance and Ignorance ..
The only things America is still # 1 in .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... 72dawg said on 4/14/2009 @ 10:59 am PT ...
Meghan McCain could become one of the most influential people of her generation .
I doubt that she will be a Republican very long because of forces beyond anyone 's control .
Using the Darman standard , she is a liberal , however her liberalism is 20 or 30 years out of date , so she is a conservative .
She likely is the face of conservative youth , and she has no party except the Democrats .
It is going to be interesting as the tectonic plates of politics continue their shift .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... FreedomOfInformationAct said on 4/14/2009 @ 1:06 pm PT ...
Been over to HuffPo lately ?
ComedyWATCH : Sexually Charged Conservative Campaign Names
http://www.huffingtonpos...2m4m-4ever_n_186575.html
NSFW VIDEO : Lesbian YouTube Video Embraced By Virginia GOP
http://www.huffingtonpos...-video-emb_n_186723.html seems the GOP is imploding , waiting for bill 'os head to explode .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 4/14/2009 @ 1:20 pm PT ...
Savanster @ 3 - I had considered asking , in the original article , why it is --- other than family loyalty --- that Meghan remains a Repub .
Then I noticed in her essay a mention of being " pro-life " along with pro-" gay marriage " , so I 'd assume that 's why she believes she needs to stay in the Repub party , even though nothing keeps a pro-lifer from being a Dem .
I 'd like to think that though she 's pro-life , she 's also pro-choice ( particularly given her expressed beliefs in equality ) , but I do n't know .
If so , I 'm sure she'd be quite welcome in the Dem party .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... jacki said on 4/15/2009 @ 2:47 am PT ...
my republican friends keep reminding me that the republican party is about less government in our personal lives .
in this case ms .
mccain can still be a repub in that she recognizes that these very issues are not , or should not be a governmental issue .
that we , as a nation should get beyond this type of " boundary thinking " .
i still think that states should refuse the rhetoric of " marriage " in their licensing / tax status & exchange it instead with " legal union " .
this would truly be separation of church & state .
let the " church " be in charge of " marriage " & the state be in charge of tax exemptions ... as 4 abortions , the only people who should decide on that matter are those who have a uterus .
when a man can gestate a baby , then & only then can he have a voice in the matter .
so , the " government " , in a purely republican mindset , cannot & should not have any power over a person 's body .
any repubs out there , please school me .
am i wrong ?
anyone ?
anyone ?
Bueller ?
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Rosencrantz said on 4/15/2009 @ 7:26 am PT ...
I find it hillarious that there is an upcoming group of young people like Ms. McCain who identify as Republican and yet claim to stand for pretty much everything that would be called " liberal " .
I think this shows a profound , growing level of ignorance in politics and that a large number of people label themselves based on some unrealistic ideal instead of reality .
Kind of like how people say the country is right - leaning despite the majority supporting progressive ideas .
Or how a President like Bush can get away with anything , and be a massive screw up and yet Obama is put under a microscope .
Or how Bush can fail at everything he 's ever done and be perfect to run the country , but Obama 's qualifications are suspect .
Someone mentioned that Republicans are about small or less " government " ?
Really ?
What does Ms. McCain and all these " small government " people ahve to say about the increases in governmnet under REpublican rule ?
Or the shredding of the constitution ?
Or warrantless wiretapping ?
Or any of the other countless abuses done to American citizens under the guise of " protection from terrorism ? "
Or Maybe all it takes to be a Republican is the belief there should be less taxes ?
Well , then maybe the Republicans should n't constantly be crippling the country with massive amounts of debt due to their cutting taxes and uncontrollable spending .
Republicans do n't make government smaller , they just make it worse so that it justifies the Straw Boogey Man they created in the first place .
Sorry , but it does n't add up .
If all it takes to be Republican is some BS about smaller government and lower taxes , while completely agreeing with the countless every day progressive issues that affect peoples lives on a daily basis ... then people are screwed .
This is the same ignorance that got us intot he 8 years of Bush mess we are currently in .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Savantster said on 4/15/2009 @ 8:41 am PT ...
At the core , the Republican Party is about " control , religion , and money " .
period .
This crap about " small government " is a lie told to win hearts and minds ( of idiots who ca n't remember history from one week to the next ) .. this " pro-life " lie needs to be properly re-framed to what it actually is , " anti-choice " .
Pro-war is not pro-life , anti-welfare is not pro-life , anti-healthcare is not pro-life ..
Most " rich " people are Republicans .
Most zealots are Republicans .
Most decent people , poor people , compassionate people , open minded people ... those tend to be your Democrats .
So let 's not pretend that either party is about anything the party claims , the names have implications , but in today 's politics , none of that matters ( they are all corporate shills these days , 99 % of all our representatives are multi-millionaires .. hello ? you listening ? )
Meghan sounds to be a fairly sane person , and her only reason to be a " Republican " is social stigma and cognitive dissonance .
By all rights , no sane person should be a Dem or Rep in the current system .
Trillions to the banks that got us here , signed by both parties , should be all the proof we need .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Dale said on 4/15/2009 @ 6:29 pm PT ...
JACKI :
s 4 abortions , the only people who should decide on that matter are those who have a uterus .
when a man can gestate a baby , then & only then can he have a voice in the matter .
so , the " government " , in a purely republican mindset , cannot & should not have any power over a person 's body .
any repubs out there , please school me .
am i wrong ?
anyone ?
anyone ?
Bueller ?
I 'm a Democrat that has a firm belief that if he gestated fetus is at the point of viability ( that means that if it somehow escapes the uterus and makes it to the outside world ) abortion is equivalent to waiting for the child to be born and then thrown in the trash or thrown up against the nearest wall to see if it sticks .
In other words JACKI , I equate it to murder .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... FreedomOfInformationAct said on 4/16/2009 @ 11:42 am PT ...
Dead Banks in '09 : 17 and Counting Republicans mount media offensive to argue that banks should be allowed to fail .
March 8 , 2009 -- Republican senators urged the White House on Sunday to let some of the nation 's biggest banks go under .
" I think that they 've got to close some big banks .
They do n't want to do it , " Sen .
Richard Shelby , R - Ala. told George Stephanopoulos on " This Week . "
" Close them down , get them out of business .
If they 're dead , they ought to be buried . "
Sen. John McCain , R - Ariz. , agreed in an interview with Fox , saying , " Some of these banks have to fail . "
Shelby went so far as to name names , pointing to ailing Citibank , already part - owned by the government following the financial industry bailout .
" Citi 's always been a problem child , " Shelby said on NBC's " Meet the Press . "
Smaller banks have been failing at a rapid clip -- 25 last year .
Last week the Freedom Bank of Georgia became the 17th to go under in the first 10 weeks of 2009 .
The Obama administration is determined to save the nation 's biggest banks , calling them too big to fail .
Democrats say allowing them to fail would deepen the financial crisis , causing further harm to ordinary Americans .
" If they were to go down , the problem is , it 's not just them .
They take -- it 's called , you know , collateral damage , " Sen .
Evan Bayh , D - Ind. , told NBC .
" A whole lot -- hundreds of thousands of blue - collar working men and women , other smaller financial institutions who were not involved in these bad decision - makings -- they 'd all pay the price , too . "
At its worst , that collateral damage could threaten bank customers ' deposits .
So many banks have failed , to be taken over by federal regulators , that the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. , which insures banks , had to assess new fees on healthy banks to avoid running out of money .
The White House insists depositors ' money is safe .
The goal of fixing the banks is to get them lending -- and Americans spending -- again .
" To restore the availability of affordable loans for families and businesses -- not just banks -- we are taking steps to restart the flow of credit and stabilize the financial markets , " President Obama said in his weekly address , released Saturday .
Yet some economists insist that even freer credit would not persuade American consumers to return to their free - spending ways .
" We have come to an end of an era , this gilded age where we were spending and consuming and we had all of these fancy financials firms that seemed like they were perpetual money machine and it has crashed to an end , " Harvard University economics Prof.
Kenneth Rogoff told ABC News .
The end of that era could mean a permanent change in Americans ' lifestyles , Kit Yarrow , a consumer psychologist at San Francisco 's Golden Gate University , told ABC .
" Consumers have absolutely pulled back and they have become very focused on what is necessary and what is basic , " she said .
" So consumers have moved into a frugal new era . "
A new , more frugal era could also mean a slower , longer recovery for the nation 's economy , economists said .
One thing consumers have largely stopped buying is American cars .
That has had a ripple effect on Chrysler and General Motors .
Both are expected to seek billions of dollars more in a second round of federal bailouts .
Republicans also prescribed bitter medicine for the auto industry .
McCain said President Obama should let GM go bankrupt .
That advice came as a White House task force on the industry prepared to head to Detroit on Monday to meet with executives at Chrysler and GM .
Yes , that Marsha Blackburn :
Shuster : " Let ’s talk about the public trust .
You represent , of course , a district in western Tennessee .
What was the name of the last solider from your district who was killed in Iraq ? "
Blackburn : " The name of the last soldier killed in Iraq uh - from my district I - I do not know his name ... "
Blackburn grilled on MSNBC
For those who cannot watch the video , Blackburn asked Gore " to clear the air " about his relationship with a company that invests in alternative energy solutions .
She asked if he would personally benefit from the legislation .
Gore saw right through her McCarthyite games and told her , yes , I know that company and I 'm a partner , but all profits I get go to a nonprofit organization raising public awareness about climate change and solutions .
" Every cent . "
Gore answered , " If you believe that the reason I have been working on this issue for thiry years is because of greed , you do n't know me . "
When she tried to weasel out of what she was doing , Gore said , " I know , everyone knows exactly what you are doing here . "
Gore took her on , asking if she thought it was wrong to be involved in business .
He then said he was proud of his work .
Here 's some of what Al said from his prepared remarks :
I believe we have arrived at such a moment .
Our country is at risk on three fronts .
The economic crisis is clear .
Our national security remains at risk so long as we remain dangerously dependent on flows of foreign oil from reserves owned by sovereign states that are vulnerable to disruption .
The rate of new discoveries , as you know , is falling even as demand elsewhere in the world is rising .
Most importantly , of course , we are — along with the rest of humanity — facing the dire and growing threat of the climate crisis .
It is at the very heart of those threats that this Committee and this Congress must direct its focus .
I am here today to lend my support to one of the most important pieces of legislation ever introduced in the Congress .
I believe this legislation has the moral significance equivalent to that of the civil rights legislation of the 1960 ’s and the Marshall Plan of the late 1940’s .
By Repowering America with a transition to a clean energy economy and ending our dangerous over - reliance on carbon - based fuels , which is the common thread running through all three of these crises , this bill will simultaneously address the climate crisis , the economic crisis , and the national security threats that stem from our dependence on foreign oil .
We cannot afford to wait any longer for this transition .
Each day that we continue with the status quo sees more of our fellow Americans struggling to provide for their families .
Each day we continue on our current path , America loses more of its competitive edge .
And each day we wait , we increase the risk that we will leave our children and grandchildren an irreparably damaged planet .
Passage of this legislation will restore America ’s leadership of the world and begin , at long last , to solve the climate crisis .
It is truly a moral imperative .
Moreover , the scientific evidence of how serious this climate crisis is becoming continues to amass week after week after week .
snip
Our country cannot afford more of the status quo , more gas price instability , more job losses , more outsourcing of factories , and more years of sending $ 2 billion every 24 hours to foreign countries for oil .
And our soldiers and their families cannot take another 10 years of repeated troop deployments to regions that just happen to have large oil supplies .
Moreover , the best way to secure a global agreement that guarantees that other nations will also reduce their global warming pollution is for the U.S. to lead the world in meeting this historic challenge .
The United States is the world ’s leader .
We are the only nation in the world that can .
Once we find the moral courage to take on this issue , the rest of the world will come along .
Now is the time to act before the world gathers in Copenhagen this December to solve the crisis .
Not next year , this year .
I urge bipartisan support of this crucial legislation .
Al Gore 's Prepared Remarks
Tennessee , Ms. Blackburn is a weasely embarrassment to your state .
# 469107 +( 2417 ) - [ X ] < RvLeshrac > < Terrorists >
Shit , maybe we should n't take hostages from countries whose people are more insane than us .
< RvLeshrac > < China >
You give back hostages , or we kill all muslim .
< NegaDuk > i think if they piss off china too much , they 'll find that china , the US , and britain will turn the middle east into a big walmart parking lot
< RvLeshrac > < China >
We use nuke .
What we care you nuke us ?
We have billion more people .
< NegaDuk > < China > nuke beijing .
we tried sars .
it no work
< RvLeshrac > < China >
We stop birth restriction , we make billion more .
Three day .
< NegaDuk > i think china 's just being antisocial so someone will thin their population
< RvLeshrac > Seriously .
< RvLeshrac >
China 's answer to anything should be " We stop birth restrictions "
< RvLeshrac > < US >
Stop flooding our markets with cheap goods , or we stop selling you soybeans .
< China >
We stop birth restriction !
< US > Fuck .
OK , OK !
You can have the damned soybeans !
< RvLeshrac >
I bet that was the real reason Clinton gave them our satellite codes .
< RvLeshrac > < China >
You give us code , or we flood world with chinese !
< RvLeshrac > < China >
All your shirt shrink up like penis in arctic .
< NightStar > damn those bad chinese laundry places
< RvLeshrac > < China >
You never get decent haircut .
You explain to women why no manicure .
< RvLeshrac > < China >
We own you like Hong Kong .
Since today 's Longevity Meme News was all about the ways in which excess fat tissue damages you over the years , I though I 'd follow up with more of the same here .
It 's a correlation only , but like many of the others that tell us the same thing , it 's sound science .
Being Overweight in Midlife Is Associated With Lower Cognitive Ability and Steeper Cognitive Decline in Late Life
BACKGROUND : Although an increasing body of evidence links being overweight in midlife with an increased risk for dementia in late life , no studies have examined the association between being overweight in midlife and cognitive ability in late life .
Our aim was to examine the association between being overweight in midlife as measured by body mass index ( BMI ) and cognitive ability assessed over time .
METHODS : Participants in the Swedish Adoption / Twin Study Aging were derived from a population - based sample .
The participants completed baseline surveys in 1963 or 1973 ( mean age 41.6 years , range 25 - 63 years ) .
The surveys included questions about height , weight , diseases , and lifestyle factors .
Beginning in 1986 , the same individuals were assessed on neuropsychological tests every 3 years ( except in 1995 ) until 2002 .
During the study period , 781 individuals who were 50 years and older ( 60 % women ) had at least one complete neuropsychological assessment .
A composite score of general cognitive ability was derived from the cognitive test battery for each measurement occasion .
RESULTS : Latent growth curve models adjusted for twinness showed that persons with higher midlife BMI scores had significantly lower general cognitive ability and significantly steeper longitudinal decline than their thinner counterparts .
The association did not change substantially when persons who developed dementia during the study period were excluded from the analysis .
CONCLUSIONS : Higher midlife BMI scores precede lower general cognitive ability and steeper cognitive decline in both men and women .
The association does not seem to be mediated by an increased risk for dementia .
Getting fat generally implies more eating and less exercise .
In recent years , researchers have proposed a range of plausible biochemical mechanisms linking overeating , excess fat , and reduced exercise to a faster rate of progressive deterioration in the brain .
The present weight of scientific evidence tells us that if you 're presently overweight and would like a better chance of living a longer , healthier life , then you should adopt a healthier lifestyle and diet that results in a lower stable weight and less visceral fat tissue .
In the long term , as we get older , our remaining health and life span will increasingly be determined by advances in medical science rather than our own efforts in lifestyle and diet .
But we have no assurance that the date upon which science can rescue us from the effects of aging will come soon enough to help .
We would therefore would be wise to take all reasonable measures to ( a ) maximize our own personal longevity within the limits of today 's knowledge and available technology , and ( b ) help make the future era of longevity therapies come about more rapidly .
The Final Four begins tomorrow , and I am sure all of the pundits will breakdown the game for you .
At Gunaxin , we do n’t really care about all of that crap , so we just go straight to the babes .
Over the last several days we have prepared galleries of each of the teams competing .
These are n’t just a collection of Cheerleaders from the schools , we go much further .
We include fans , athletes , dancers , sorority girls , and even girls modeling bikinis and lingerie .
775 Photos await you in these galleries , making it the ultimate collection of Final Four Girls that you will see anywhere on the web .
So while the games will be settled on the court , check out these young ladies and let us know who you think the real winning school is .
Connecticut Huskie Girls
Michigan State Spartan Girls
North Carolina Tar Heel Girls
Wine Announcement
The Wine development release 1.1.17 is now available .
What 's new in this release ( see below for details ) : - Joystick support on Mac OS X. - Implementation of iphlpapi on Solaris . - A number of 64 - bit improvements .
- Obsolete LinuxThreads support has been removed .
- Many fixes to the regression tests on Windows .
- Various bug fixes .
The source is available from the following locations : http://ibiblio.org/pub/linux/system/emulators/wine/wine-1.1.17.tar.bz2
http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/wine/wine-1.1.17.tar.bz2
Binary packages for various distributions will be available from : http://www.winehq.org/site/download
You will find documentation on http://www.winehq.org/site/documentation
You can also get the current source directly from the git repository .
Check http://www.winehq.org/site/git for details .
Wine is available thanks to the work of many people .
See the file AUTHORS in the distribution for the complete list .
----------------------------------------------------------------
Bugs fixed in 1.1.17 : 8011 SmartBarXP crashes if you add the Weather Channel pane 9027
No sound for rise of nations - all versions 9615 RPG Maker , Fritz9 , Amazon Music Downloader : crash when clicking menu bar .
( Screws up Adobe Photoshop CS4 menus , too . )
10831 Guild Wars : " Observe " menu does not display additional information about selected game 12143 Black halos surround NPCs in Fable 12690 Internet Explorer 7 is falling after start on unhandled exception .
14968 DrawPrim.c needs to handle more than 4 vertex shader prims causes crash in everquest and does not allow rendering 15007
The Lost Crown 's menu is no longer accessible in - game 15264 Audio broken under Solaris 15314 winhelp : transition to richedit breaks minigolf1997.hlp file 15616 winecfg does not show *.acm ( or other non .dll ) overrides , must be typed in manually 15707 winhttp : winhttp.ok test fails in OpenSolaris 15798 3D Game Studio text objects newline characters mistranslated 16023 FreeBSD ( PC - BSD ) fails to launch majority of applications , ' Invalid address ' 16838 ' make install ' broken on BSD 16937 Invisible text in Autocad LT 97 17365 AutoCAD : Buttons on the bottom do n't change their graphical state if pressed / released 17384 Naval units in Civilization 4 are drawn incorrectly 17452 Lcms error crashes PowerPoint 2003 17485 Non-windows apps generate an inappropriate dialog 17511 Game pauses when pressing NumLock 17547 Powerpoint 2007 : crashes when opening complex . pptx files .
17601 winhlp32 : links ceased working 17627 winhlp32 : clickable area out of sync with hyperlink text 17636 urlmon : protocol test fails with +heap enabled
----------------------------------------------------------------
Changes since 1.1.16 : Alexandre Julliard ( 100 ) : loader :
Get rid of the no longer supported wine - kthread .
iphlpapi : Reimplement GetUdpTable to avoid parsing the same information three times .
iphlpapi : Reimplement GetTcpTable to avoid parsing the same information three times .
iphlpapi : Reimplement GetIpNetTable to avoid parsing the same information three times .
iphlpapi : Reimplement GetIpForwardTable to avoid parsing the same information three times .
iphlpapi : Moved AllocateAndGetUdpTableFromStack implementation to ipstats.c. iphlpapi : Moved AllocateAndGetTcpTableFromStack implementation to ipstats.c. iphlpapi : Moved AllocateAndGetIpNetTableFromStack implementation to ipstats.c. iphlpapi : Moved AllocateAndGetIpForwardTableFromStack implementation to ipstats .c. iphlpapi : Remove the no longer needed getNumArpEntries function .
iphlpapi : Remove the no longer needed getNumUdpEntries function .
iphlpapi : Remove the no longer needed getNumTcpEntries function .
iphlpapi : Remove the no longer needed getNumRoutes and GetNumWithOneHeader functions .
server : Overlapped named pipes are never blocking , even if no APC was specified .
server :
Make the new named pipe server fd inherit the I/O completion if it was set before connecting .
kernel32 : Fix the last error code for timeout in GetQueuedCompletionStatus .
uninstaller :
Only load error strings when needed .
user32 : Use MAKEWPARAM instead of MAKELONG for menu messages .
user32/tests :
Fix a couple of failing menu tests .
user32/tests :
Add some more optional messages .
configure : 16 - bit object files should depend on IDL headers too .
makefiles :
Add a dummy dependency on empty targets to work around a FreeBSD make bug .
configure : Enable automatic dependencies for FreeBSD make .
iphlpapi :
Move the ip / icmp / tcp / udp statistics functions to ipstats .c.
advapi32/tests : GetTokenInformation apparently needs a dword - aligned buffer .
winebuild :
Do n't output the relay table if no entry point needs it .
winebuild : Support the - - main - module option for stand - alone 16 - bit modules .
winebuild : Ignore 16 - bit absolute exports when checking for undefined symbols .
kernel32 : Make stress.dll into a stand - alone 16 - bit module .
kernel32 : Make win87em.dll into a stand - alone 16 - bit module .
kernel32 : Make comm.drv into a stand - alone 16 - bit module .
kernel32 : Make windebug.dll into a stand - alone 16 - bit module .
gdi32 : Make dispdib.dll into a stand - alone 16 - bit module .
user32 : Make display.drv into a stand - alone 16 - bit module .
user32 : Make keyboard .drv into a stand - alone 16 - bit module .
user32 : Make mouse .drv into a stand - alone 16 - bit module .
kernel32/tests : Improve some failure messages in the pipe tests .
ddraw / tests : Allow IDirectDrawSurface_AddAttachedSurface failure on Windows .
kernel32/tests :
Stop testing integer atoms if the first one does n't work .
iphlpapi : Simplify parsing of ICMP stats .
Only try to open / proc on Linux .
iphlpapi : Simplify parsing of interface data .
Only try to open / proc on Linux .
iphlpapi : Simplify parsing of IP stats .
Only try to open / proc on Linux .
iphlpapi : Simplify parsing of TCP stats .
Only try to open / proc on Linux .
iphlpapi : Simplify parsing of UDP stats .
Only try to open / proc on Linux .
user32/tests : Mark a couple of painting messages as optional .
user32/tests : Skip menu test if sending input failed .
Use VK_MENU instead of VK_LMENU .
ntdll : Fix a couple of warnings on Solaris .
configure :
Add check for libkstat on Solaris .
iphlpapi : Implemented GetIcmpStatistics for Solaris .
iphlpapi : Implemented GetIpStatistics for Solaris .
iphlpapi : Implemented GetTcpStatistics for Solaris .
iphlpapi : Implemented GetUdpStatistics for Solaris .
iphlpapi : Implemented getInterfaceStatsByName for Solaris .
iphlpapi/tests :
Do n't pass a NULL size to GetTcp / UdpTable , it crashes on Vista .
ntdll / tests : Create the server port before starting the client thread .
comctl32/tests :
Set the listview image list after WM_CREATE has been processed .
comctl32/tests : Fix the monthcal window creation message sequence .
comctl32/tests : Disable a test that crashes on NT4 .
user32/tests :
Add more optional messages for Vista and Win9x . dbghelp : Define _IMAGEHLP_SOURCE_.
user32/tests : Avoid snprintf , it 's broken on Mingw .
user32/tests : Fix some message sequences for Vista and Win9x .
iphlpapi : Implemented AllocateAndGetTcpTableFromStack for Solaris .
iphlpapi : Implemented AllocateAndGetUdpTableFromStack for Solaris . iphlpapi : Implemented AllocateAndGetIpNetTableFromStack for Solaris . iphlpapi : Implemented AllocateAndGetIpForwardTableFromStack for Solaris . iphlpapi/tests :
Output the various tables in verbose mode .
loader :
Merge the first and second stage loaders into a single wine binary .
dbghelp :
The main executable is now always named " wine " .
user32/tests : SetForegroundWindow sometimes fails on Win98 .
user32/tests : Skip shift + button test if we do n't receive the event .
wineps.drv :
Make all exported entry points CDECL .
configure : Check for IOHIDManagerCreate function that 's missing on Tiger .
kernel32 : Make the load order for a 16 - bit stand - alone dll match its 32 - bit owner .
lz32 : Make lzexpand.dll into a stand - alone 16 - bit module .
msacm32 : Make msacm.dll into a stand - alone 16 - bit module .
olecli32 : Make olecli.dll into a stand - alone 16 - bit module .
olesvr32 : Make olesvr.dll into a stand - alone 16 - bit module .
ole32 : Make ole2 conv.dll into a stand - alone 16 - bit module .
ole32 : Make ole2 prox.dll into a stand - alone 16 - bit module .
ole32 : Make ole2thk.dll into a stand - alone 16 - bit module .
ole32 : Make ole2nls.dll into a stand - alone 16 - bit module .
ole32 : Make storage.dll into a stand - alone 16 - bit module .
ole32 : Make ole2.dll into a stand - alone 16 - bit module .
ole32 : Make compobj.dll into a stand - alone 16 - bit module .
ole32 : Get rid of WINE_StringFromCLSID and A -> W conversions .
oleaut32 : Make typelib.dll into a stand - alone 16 - bit module .
oleaut32 : Make ole2disp.dll into a stand - alone 16 - bit module .
wine.inf : Fix typo in the shift_jis entry .
rpcrt4 : Use RpcMsg ->Buffer instead of BufferStart since the latter is n't always set .
setupapi : Check for NULL module to avoid an exception in RtlImageNtHeader .
winspool.drv :
Make sure the DEVMODE structure is fully initialized .
winedbg : Do n't name a function PRIVATE .
user32/tests : Add optional restore sequence for Vista .
user32/tests : Print a more useful line number in check_class and check_instance tests .
ntdll : Move the copy_context function into the respective CPU - specific files .
ifsmgr.vxd : Load winedos dynamically .
vwin32.vxd : Load winedos dynamically .
winedos :
Do n't create an import library .
make_makefiles : Automatically disable 16 - bit modules if enable_win16 is n't set .
Alistair Leslie - Hughes ( 18 ) : mshtml : Implement IHTMLStyle get / put textDecorationNone .
mshtml : Implement IHTMLStyle get / put textDecorationOverline .
mshtml : Implement IHTMLStyle get / put textDecorationBlink .
mshtml : Implement IHTMLStyle_put_textDecoration .
mshtml : Implement IHTMLStyle get / put borderColor .
mshtml : Implement IHTMLCurrentStyle_get_borderColor .
mshtml : Implement IHTMLStyle get / put borderStyle .
mshtml : Implement IHTMLCurrentStyle_get_borderStyle .
shell32 : Add and register CLSID_Query Associations .
mshtml : Add missing IHTMLStyle IDispatchEx ids .
mshtml : Add missing IHTMLCurrentStyle IDispatchEx ids . mshtml : Implement IHTMLStyle_get_borderLeft .
mshtml : Implement IHTMLStyle get/put backgroundPositionX. mshtml : Implement IHTMLStyle get / put backgroundPositionY .
mshtml : Implement IHTMLStyle get / put borderTopWidth .
mshtml : Implement IHTMLStyle get / put borderRightWidth .
mshtml : Implement IHTMLStyle get / put borderBottomWidth .
mshtml : Add missing IHTMLTable interfaces .
Anders Jonsson ( 1 ) : README : Swedish translation .
Andrew Talbot ( 2 ) : comdlg32 : Fix a typo .
msacm32 : Fix a typo .
Aric Stewart ( 16 ) : dinput : Begin joystick separation into a generic module .
dinput : Move joystick productGuid and Name to the generic part .
dinput : Move joystick Polling and Device State to the generic part .
dinput : Move joystick mapping functions to the generic part .
dinput : Rename Linux - specific joystick functions .
dinput : Remove easy redundancy from linuxinput .
dinput : Create generic joystick Acquire / Unacquire .
dinput : Add Mac OS / X joystick support .
dinput : OS / X joystick add axes .
dinput : OS / X joystick add POV controls .
dinput : OS / X joystick add GD_X , GD_Y , GD_Z axes .
dinput : OS / X joystick add Rx , Ry , and Rz axes .
dinput : Map OS / X joystick axes so even if they come out of order on the device we recognize them correctly .
dinput : Add OS / X sliders .
dinput : OS / X joystick : Check usage page to avoid odd non-button elements found on the 360 controller .
dinput : OS / X joystick :
Sort buttons based on usage as some controllers report the buttons out of order .
Aurimas Fischer ( 6 ) : comctl32 : Add Lithuanian translation .
shell32 : Update Lithuanian translation .
notepad : Improve Lithuanian translation .
comdlg32 : Improve Lithuanian translation .
regedit : Add Lithuanian translation .
regedit : Add missing English resource .
Christian Costa ( 3 ) : wine.inf : Use 32 - bit version of MCI DirectShow driver .
ddraw : Implement IDirect3DViewportImpl_NextLight .
d3dxof : Use offsets to reference data instead of pointers so data buffer can be resized .
Denis Baranov ( 1 ) : wine .inf : Add registry branch HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT\MIME\Database \Charset .
Detlef Riekenberg ( 6 ) : shdocvw / tests : Add IServiceProvider to the webbrowser test .
shdocvw / tests : Detect more interfaces in the webbrowser test .
spoolss : Implement AddMonitorW . spoolss : Implement DeleteMonitorW . spoolss : Implement AddPrinterDriverExW .
localspl : Return 0 for the local computer .
Diaa Sami ( 1 ) : cmd : Fixed a number of buffer overflows .
Dmitry Timoshkov ( 2 ) : winex11.drv :
Take into account current world transform when caching glyphs .
gdi32 : Fix the font rotation direction .
Dylan Smith ( 6 ) : richedit : Avoid calling ITextHost_TxNotify with EN_MSGFILTER .
winhlp32 : Use EM_SCROLL to scroll richedit control .
richedit : Respect manually added links when autourldetect is disabled .
richedit : Count graphics towards line width .
winhlp32 : Prevent cursor flicker on mouse moves over richedit control .
winhlp32 : Links are clicked on WM_LBUTTONDOWN not WM_LBUTTONUP .
Eric Pouech ( 1 ) : winex11 : Correctly pad 1 bpp DDB 's lines with 0 values .
Francois Gouget ( 14 ) : uninstaller : Use DELAYIMPORTS on the GUI dlls to speed up ' uninstaller -- list ' .
sane.ds : Fix compilation with older SANE headers .
libwine : Reenable the memory reservation code on FreeBSD .
winedbg : Remove spaces before '
's. fnt2bdf : Remove spaces before '
's. port : Remove spaces before '
's . Remove spaces before '
's. winmm :
Try to load the Esound driver as a last resort .
avifil32 : Add missing AddRefs in IAVIFile_QueryInterface ( ) .
avifil32 : Add a missing AddRef in IGetFrame_QueryInterface ( ) .
winemenubuilder : Fix an off - by - one check that resulted in erroneous error messages .
winemenubuilder : Print an error message if we are unable to load an lnk file .
dinput : Add a trailing '
' to ERR ( ) messages .
mshtml : Fix typos in the French translation .
Gerald Pfeifer ( 1 ) : comctl32 : Simplify three TAB_ functions .
Hans Leidekker ( 10 ) : wininet : Remove MSG_PEEK hack from HTTP_GetResponseHeaders .
wininet : Ignore invalid response headers .
usp10 : Do n't test digit substitution data .
mscms : Accept REG_DWORD values when enumerating registered color profiles .
winhttp , wininet : Load i2d_X509 from libcrypto.so. mscms :
Handle errors from lcms more gracefully .
msi : Fix handling of REINSTALL overrides .
msi : Correct spec entry for MsiGetProductInfoA / W. msi : Handle ADVERTISE overrides .
msi :
Set concurrency model to multi- threaded for custom action threads .
Henri Verbeet ( 60 ) : d3d10 : Fix a typo. d3d10 : Implement ID3D10 Effect::GetTechniqueByName ( ) .
d3d10 : Implement ID3D10 Effect::GetTechniqueByIndex ( ) . d3d10 : Implement ID3D10EffectTechnique:: GetPassByName ( ) .
d3d10 : Implement ID3D10EffectTechnique:: GetPassByIndex ( ) . d3d10 : Actually use the parse_fx10 ( ) return value .
d3d10 : Simplify DXBC chunk handlers .
d3d10 : Implement ID3D10EffectTechnique:: GetDesc( ) .
d3d10 : Store the shader 's input signature .
d3d10 : Implement ID3D10EffectPass :: GetDesc( ) . wined3d : Use flags for shader_glsl_get_sample_function ( ) .
d3d10core : Add a stub ID3D10 InputLayout implementation .
d3d10core : Add a stub ID3D10 VertexShader implementation .
d3d10core : Add a stub ID3D10 Geometry Shader implementation .
d3d10core : Add a stub ID3D10 PixelShader implementation .
wined3d : Pass the vertex count rather than the primitive count to wined3d draw methods .
wined3d : Fix some prototypes .
wined3d : Add support for ARB_geometry_shader4 . wined3d : Add d3d10 primitive types .
wined3d : Add separate methods for setting the primitive type .
d3d10core : Implement ID3D10 Device :: Draw ( ) .
d3d10 : Implement ID3D10 Effect:: GetDevice ( ) .
d3d10 : Create shaders .
d3d10 : Implement ID3D10EffectPass :: Apply ( ) .
wined3d : Also set VBFLAG_HASDESC if we can determine we do n't need conversion .
wined3d : Simplify IWineD3DVertexBufferImpl_PreLoad( ) a bit .
wined3d : Merge IWineD3DVertexBuffer with IWineD3DBuffer . d3d9 : Improve IDirect3DDevice9::SetFVF ( ) code flow .
wined3d : Buffer object ID 's are supposed to be unsigned .
wined3d : Do n't compare texUnitMap entries to - 1 . wined3d : Do n't compare const_num against - 1. wined3d : Use shader_glsl_get_write_mask_size( ) to calculate the write mask size .
wined3d : Handle error conditions better in RemoveContextFromArray ( ) .
d3d9 : Fix some sign compare warnings .
wined3d : Don't call shader_glsl_append_dst( ) from shader_glsl_texldl( ) .
wined3d : Get rid of a few stack buffers .
d3d8 : Fix some sign compare warnings .
d3d8 : Do n't call Release ( ) in a while loop .
d3d8 : Make the shader handle table a bit more generic .
d3d8 : Handles are n't supposed to be pointers .
wined3d : Set the correct texture names on cube surfaces .
wined3d : Free the logo path when we 're done with it .
wined3d : The adapters array should be owned by IWineD3DImpl. wined3d : Get rid of the PUSH1 macro .
wined3d : Do n't leak WineD3DAdapter.cfgs .
d3d9 : Present parameters are an array when D3DCREATE_ADAPTERGROUP_DEVICE is specified .
wined3d : Explicitly pass the texUnitMap to shader_glsl_load_vsamplers ( ) and shader_glsl_load_psamplers ( ) .
wined3d : Remove an unused field .
wined3d : Remove a redundant check .
wined3d : Store a pointer to the format description in the resource .
wined3d : Get rid of some calls to getFormatDescEntry ( ) .
wined3d : Remove the shader_color_fixup field from IWineD3DBaseTextureClass .
d3d8 : Release the d3d8 shader once we 're done with it in IDirect3DDevice8 Impl_GetPixelShader ( ) .
wined3d : Also change the resource 's format desc in IWineD3DBaseSurfaceImpl_SetFormat( ) .
wined3d : Eliminate the heightscale field from IWineD3DSurfaceImpl.
wined3d : Remove some redundant fields from struct glDescriptor .
wined3d : Remove the width and height fields from IWineD3DTextureImpl.
wined3d : Add fields from StaticPixelFormatDesc to struct GlPixelFormatDesc. wined3d : Only return a pointer to struct GlPixelFormatDesc from getFormatDescEntry ( ) .
wined3d : Remove the format field from IWineD3DResourceClass .
Huw Davies ( 15 ) : gdiplus / tests : Elliptic regions have a shorter layout in win98 .
gdi32/tests : Improve some test failure messages .
gdi32/tests : Win9x does n't initialize the bitmap bits , so skip this test .
gdi32/tests : Fix tests on NT4 .
ole32 : Add support for VT_DECIMAL .
gdi32/tests : Mark win9x behaviour as broken .
gdi32/tests : win9 x does n't return the correct number of colours used with dib sections created via DIB_PAL_COLORS .
gdi32/tests : Fix another case where win9x returns bmType equal to 0x5250 .
gdi32/tests :
Fix yet another place where win9x returns bmType equal to 0x5250 .
gdi32/tests : Marked another win9x failure as broken .
gdi32/tests : Win9x's GetDIBits ( ) sets biSizeImage to zero for BI_RGB dibs .
gdi32/tests : Remove a cut and paste error .
gdi32/tests : win9 x does n't initialise the bitmap bits .
Mark this behaviour as broken .
gdi32/tests : Mark as broken another case where win9x does n't set biSizeImage .
gdi32/tests : Under win9x GetBitmapBits returns zero when passed a NULL buffer .
Hwang YunSong ( 황윤성 ) ( 3 ) : setupapi : Updated Korean resource .
wordpad : Updated Korean resource .
cmd : Updated Korean resource .
Jacek Caban ( 25 ) : urlmon : Ignore report_data call if binding is stopped .
urlmon : Move some HttpProtocol variables to generic Protocol object .
urlmon : Move strndupW implementation to header file .
urlmon : Moved HttpProtocol ::[ Lock|Unlock ] Request implementation to generic Protocol object .
urlmon : Move close_connection implementation to common Protocol object .
urlmon : Move HttpProtocol :: Read implementation to generic Protocol object .
urlmon : Move HttpProtocol :: Continue implementation to generic Protocol object .
urlmon : Move HttpProtocol :: Start implementation to generic Protocol object .
urlmon : Move HttpProtocolVtbl to its implementation ( code clean up ) .
urlmon : Added IInternetPriority interface stup implementation to FtpProtocol .
wininet : Do n't send INTERNET_STATUS_HANDLE_CLOSING
notification for ftp session created by InternetOpenUrl. urlmon : Added ftp pluggable protocol implementation .
urlmon :
Use pluggable protocol for ftp binding .
urlmon : Added ftp protocol tests .
urlmon : Added ftp binding tests .
urlmon : Added gopher protocol handler stub implementation .
urlmon : Added IInternetPriority implementation for gopher protocol .
urlmon : Added gopher pluggable protocol implementation .
urlmon : Get rid of URLMonikerImpl_BindToStorage_hack .
wininet : Release session after FTP_ReceiveResponse call in FTPFILE_Destroy .
mshtml : Added IHTMLElement::put_innerHTML
implementation .
mshtml : Added IHTMLStyle ::get_cssText implementation .
mshtml : Added IHTMLStyle::put_cssText implementation .
mshtml : Make sure that HTML headers are terminated by endline .
mshtml : Do n't use unicode constants for HTML IDs ( code clean up ) .
James Hawkins ( 11 ) : msi : Correctly order transposed column values in the INSERT query .
msi : Order primary keys to be first in the column list when creating a table .
msi : Column attributes for temporary string and int columns should be g and j respectively .
msi : The _Streams and _Storages table are special and always exist .
msi :
The PATH environment variable can be longer than MAX_PATH , so dynamically allocate strings to deal with that .
msi : Delete the view on error .
msi : Use a SQL marker to query the _Property table when fetching a property .
msi : Add missing calls to MsiViewClose .
msi : Do n't allow nested quotes in SQL queries .
msi : Do n't treat carriage returns as spaces .
msi : Handle reading from a NULL stream .
Jeremy White ( 18 ) : sane.ds : Downgrade inappropriate FIXMEs .
sane.ds :
Add a few trace messages useful in following color format .
sane.ds : Implement grayscale and B &W scanning for native image transfers .
sane.ds : Implement support for ICAP_PHYSICALHEIGHT and ICAP_PHYSICALWIDTH .
sane.ds :
Add suport for CAP_AUTOFEED , make batch scans the default .
sane.ds : Add support for CAP_FEEDERENABLED .
sane.ds :
More correctly detect an end of scan job from sane ; this enables Acrobat to pull multiple pages in one scan .
sane.ds : Sane should go first ; that makes any actual scanner found the default device .
sane.ds :
Fix a subtle bug that prevented the float scrollbar from incrementing by one .
sane.ds : Add support for ICAP_SUPPORTEDSIZES , enabling rational sizing for scans .
sane.ds :
Make sure that the condition code is set correctly when we handle an unexpected request .
sane.ds : Downgrade more inappropriate FIXMEs to WARNs .
sane.ds : Remove large chunks of stubbed optional functionality ; if it 's optional , we do n't have to support it , and it is not a stub .
sane.ds :
Add fixmes for the last 2 unsupported capabilities ; this now makes the code have fixmes for all known issues .
twain_32 : Remove obsolete README files .
sane.ds :
Move a few static functions so they can be shared .
sane.ds : Add support for DG_IMAGE / DAT_IMAGELAYOUT /GET and SET .
Enables Acrobat to use custom scan sizes .
twain_32 : Revise internal documentation and one test slightly to bring into line with TWAIN 1.8 requirements .
Jim Cameron ( 1 ) : regedit : Fix crash importing large values from Unicode .
Juan Lang ( 3 ) : crypt32 : Fix some test failures on Win9x .
crypt32 : Fix some test failures on Win9x .
crypt32 : Fix another test on Win9x .
Jörg Höhle ( 1 ) : d3d9/ tests :
Fix typos in text .
Ken Thomases ( 13 ) : dsound : Do n't use HEAP_ZERO_MEMORY when we 're about to overwrite the buffer .
dbghelp / stabs : Translate additional register codes .
dbghelp / stabs : Ignore the N_OSO type used on Darwin. dbghelp / stabs : Decode the Stabs type more carefully .
dbghelp :
Let stabs_parse call back for real ( non-debug ) symbol definitions .
configure : Check for mach-o/ dyld_images.h and mach - o / nlist.h headers .
dbghelp : Teach stabs_parse about other kinds of Mach - O symbol definitions .
dbghelp / stabs : Extract growing of pending_block 's buffer to pending_make_room ( ) .
dbghelp / stabs :
Allow pending list to include line numbers as well as variables .
dbghelp / stabs :
Track line numbers pending for an upcoming function .
dbghelp : Rename some things to be less ELF - centric .
dbghelp : Extract calc_crc32 function into a separate file .
dbghelp : Increase file read buffer size for calc_crc32 .
Luke Benstead ( 1 ) : winnt.h : Completed TOKEN_INFORMATION_CLASS
enum definition .
Michael Stefaniuc ( 27 ) : mcicda : Compare a file handle with INVALID_HANDLE_VALUE instead of NULL .
user32 : Remove superfluous pointer casts .
taskmgr : Cast to LPARAM the 4th argument passed to SendMessage .
regedit : Cast to LPARAM the 4th argument passed to SendMessage .
mlang : Silence some Win64 compile warnings .
winedos : Remove superfluous pointer casts .
cryptui : Remove superfluous pointer casts .
mlang : Remove superfluous pointer casts .
netapi32 : Remove superfluous pointer casts .
msctf : Remove superfluous pointer casts .
twain_32/tests : Remove superfluous pointer casts .
include : Change long to LONG in tom.idl .
msxml3 : Change long to LONG in msxml2.idl and xmldom.idl .
msxml3 : Change long to LONG in msxml.idl .
msxml3 : Change the remaining long variables to LONG .
quartz : Change long to LONG in control.idl .
mlang : Change long to LONG in mlang.idl .
kernel32 : Remove superfluous pointer casts .
d3d9/tests : Limit the back buffer to 800x600 in the scissor size test .
d3d9/tests : Fix some ok ( ) strings in the fog test .
include : Change long to LONG in axextend.idl .
qedit : Change long to LONG in qedit.idl .
include : Change long to LONG in mshtml.idl .
mshtml : Change long to LONG in mshtml.idl ( htmlwindow.c part ) .
mshtml : Change long to LONG in mshtml.idl ( HTML * Element stuff ) .
mshtml : Change long to LONG in mshtml.idl ( remaining stuff ) .
widl : Output " LONG " instead of " long " for a 32 bit integer .
Mike Ruprecht ( 3 ) : winedbg :
Fix typo in a comment .
dbghelp : Do n't define 32 - bit structs in 64 - bit mode .
dbghelp : Define _IMAGEHLP64 in Win64 . Nikolay Sivov ( 7 ) : comctl32 : Correctly report systemcolor use for Treeview background .
user32 : Disable scroll bar control window when both buttons disabled .
user32 : Use 1 unit caret width for Edit control .
comctl32 : Replace nonprintable characters with spaces on SB_SETTEXT .
user32 : Button should get captured when highlighted with VK_SPACE .
comctl32 : Fix item selection with VK_SPACE when Ctrl is pressed .
comctl32 : LVN_ITEMCHANGED
notification should be sent for each item when group selected for ~LVS_OWNERDATA .
Paul Vriens ( 41 ) : crypt32/tests : Do n't crash on NT4 .
fusion / tests : Skip some tests on .NET 1.x. fusion / tests :
Fix the last test failure on .
NET 1.x. d3d8/tests : Use win_skip ( ) and skip ( ) where appropriate .
user32/tests : Fix some test failures on Win98 / WinME .
msi/tests : Fix a test failure on Win95 .
shlwapi/tests :
Fix a typo .
shlwapi/tests :
Fix some typos .
kernel32/tests : Correct an ok ( ) statement .
shell32/tests : Use the correct directory on Win95 .
shell32/ tests : Make sure we test on Win95 .
shell32/ tests : Skip some tests on Win95 because of W - functions .
urlmon / tests :
Use an action that is available on all IE versions .
programs / winetest : Show dll versions again for Win9x / WinME .
qmgr/tests :
Fix some tests on systems with BITS 1.5 and lower .
ole32/tests : Remove an unused function declaration .
shdocvw / tests : Add a missing FreeLibrary ( ) .
gdiplus/tests :
Fix two test failures on Win98 .
mshtml/tests :
Fix some typos .
wininet / tests :
Test result differences are related to IE6 version , not to platform .
wininet / tests : Skip some tests on IE5 .
wininet / tests : Skip tests for not implemented functions .
wininet / tests :
Do n't crash on systems with IE5 .
shlwapi/tests :
Do n't crash on IE5 .
shlwapi/tests : Fix failures on systems with IE5.5 or earlier .
shell32/tests :
Do n't crash on missing class implementations .
wininet / tests :
Skip tests if functions are not implemented .
wininet / tests : Do n't crash on IE5.01SP4 .
ddraw / tests :
Fix some test failures on W2K / VMware .
ddraw / tests :
Fix some test failures on W2K / VMware .
crypt32/tests : Fix a test failure on Win9x .
msi/tests :
Fix a test for systems with %TEMP % being less than 2 levels deep .
shell32/ tests : Fix a test failure on W2 K and earlier .
fusion / tests : Fix some test failures on Win98 .
gdi32/tests : Fix two test failures on Win9x .
crypt32/tests : Fix some test failures on Win9x .
crypt32/tests :
Fix some crashes on older NT4 boxes .
crypt32/tests :
Fix some test failures on older NT4 boxes .
gdi32/tests : Fix some test failures on Win9x .
ddraw / tests :
Fix two test failures on W2K / VMware .
ddraw / tests :
Fix a test failure on VMware and some native boxes .
Piotr Caban ( 2 ) : mshtml : Added HTMLWindow2 _prompt implementation .
mshtml : Added IHTMLWindow2_confirm implementation .
Rein Klazes ( 2 ) : user32 : MENU_TrackMenu , called from TrackPopupMenu( ) , should send WM_ENTERIDLE message with the menu window handle as lparam with test .
user32 : Check for invalid menu handle passed to TrackPopupMenu and TrackPopupMenuEx . Ricardo Filipe ( 1 ) : setupapi : Implement SetupPromptForDiskA by wrapping around W version .
Rico Schüller ( 2 ) : mshtml/tests : Fix SysFreeString call with wrong variable .
mshtml/tests : Add SysFreeString ( sDefault ) after the variable is n't used any more .
Rob Shearman ( 20 ) : widl : Move declarray property to array_details .
widl :
Fix get_explicit_generic_handle_type and is_context_handle to detect attributes set on typedefs other than the first .
widl : Implement a more abstract way of representing basic types .
widl : Remove the single keyword and type .
widl :
Store the abstract identifier of the type in type object instead of an NDR format character .
widl :
Move the pointer referent , array element , function return type and interface inheritance properties from type_t to details structures for the appropriate types .
widl : Allow enum and union tags to be used without being defined .
widl :
Move type_new_enum , type_new_struct , type_new_encapsulated_union and type_new_unencapsulated_union to typetree .c. widl :
Add coclass and module types to the global namespace .
widl : Pass var attrs into write_no_repeat_pointer_descriptions and use them for the string check .
ole32 : Fix a memory leak in an error path in COMPOBJ_DllList_Add.
qmgr : Fix a memory leak .
qmgr : Add a missing call to CoUninitialize .
widl : Consolidate non-simple pointer writing into one function .
widl : Determine pointer fc at generation time instead of at parse time .
widl : Output server code for freeing returned types .
widl :
Fix a memory leak in the server / stub code when unmarshalling pointers to strings at the top level .
widl : Move type_basic_get_fc to typegen.c and rename it to get_basic_fc. widl : Returned pointers should default to being unique , not reference .
rpcrt4 : Add a check for a NULL ref pointer to NdrPointerUnmarshall .
Stefan Leichter ( 1 ) : ntoskrnl.exe : Stub for MmQuerySystemSize. Stefano Guidoni ( 4 ) : imaadp32 : block align the adpcm extra data .
imaadp32 : Fixed adpcm_FormatSuggest .
imaadp32 : Support for non-standard formats .
msacm32 : acmFormatEnum : Implement ACM_FORMATENUMF_SUGGEST .
Steven Edwards ( 1 ) : include : Add check to asm macro for Windows Services for Unix / Subsystem for Unix applications .
Tony Wasserka ( 8 ) : d3dx9 : Implement ID3DXSprite_Get /SetTransform .
d3dx9 : ID3DXSprite : Move vdecl creation to ID3DXSprite_Begin. d3dx9 : Implement ID3DXSprite_OnLostDevice / OnResetDevice .
d3dx9 : Fix inclusions in some d3dx9 headers .
d3dx9 : Add some definitions in d3dx9.h. d3dx9 : Add ID3DXSprite tests .
d3dx9 : Recognize the D3DXSPRITE_DONOTSAVESTATE flag .
d3dx9 : Recognize the D3DXSPRITE_DO_NOT_ADDREF_TEXTURE
flag .
Vincent Povirk ( 5 ) : kernel32/tests :
Add named pipe test using i/o completion ports .
gdiplus : Return a NULL bitmap when GdipCreateBitmapFromScan0 fails .
advapi32 : Stub TraceEvent .
wininet : Stub RegisterUrlCacheNotification .
gdiplus : Stub GdipCloneBitmapAreaI. Vitaliy Margolen ( 1 ) : dinput :
Add few special cases for key mappings .
-- Alexandre Julliard julliard@winehq.org
( OPRAH.com ) --
Physical attraction may be as old as time , but new studies are beginning to uncover the science behind sex appeal .
Unexpected factors -- like biochemical odors , face shape and voice pitch -- just might have more to do with your choice of mate than anyone ever expected .
Biostatistics expert Kendra Schmid explains why actress Halle Berry scored very high on facial attractiveness .
Karl Grammer and Elizabeth Oberzaucher are leading the research on the human scent 's influence on sexual attraction .
They 've found that when women are ovulating , they produce copulins , a scent that attracts men .
The researchers believe when a man gets a whiff of copulins , his testosterone levels rise .
As a result , he secretes androstenone , an odor that repels women who are n't ovulating .
" Bars and nightclubs across the world are the battlefield for this invisible biochemical war , " Oprah Winfrey says .
Sex therapist Dr. Laura Berman says attraction has a lot more to do with science and evolution than people might think .
" We are innately all puppies in heat , " she says .
" We are capable of discerning 10,000 different scents consciously .
But then there 's a whole realm of unconscious scents that we 're not even aware that we 're smelling . "
Oprah.com : Get Dr. Berman's 5 steps to better sex
These odors let people know when a woman is fertile and when a man 's testosterone levels are high , Berman says .
As a result , individuals can tell when someone else is most ripe for reproduction .
" It 's all about survival of the species , " she says .
Do n't Miss Oprah.com :
Why men and women are so different
Oprah.com :
Why men and women are so different Oprah.com :
What causes attraction ?
Oprah.com : What causes attraction ?
Oprah.com :
The real reason we fall in love
One common complaint Berman hears among women with relationship problems is that they love their partner , but they 're not in love with him .
" There is a difference between love and chemistry , " Berman says .
" Take a really good whiff of him without cologne when he 's relatively clean .
If that smell turns you on , that 's a really good cue of chemistry . "
Oprah.com : Can the chemistry come later ?
In one recent study , Berman says , researchers had women smell men's T - shirts .
The women were most attracted to the shirts of men with a different major histocompatability complex ( MHC ) from them .
MHC is a collection of genes that are related to immune systems .
" We unconsciously want to mate with someone who has a different immune system than ours because that helps with the survival of our offspring , " Berman says .
The T - shirt study also found that women taking hormonal contraception were attracted to men who had similar MHC as they did .
" If you 're on the pill , your body is being tricked into think you 're pregnant , so you 're not ovulating , " Berman says .
" The bad news there is that they have looked at these couples who have similar MHC , and not only do they have higher levels of infidelity and higher levels of marital discord , but they also have higher infertility issues . "
Another unexpected factor that has been found to directly affect attraction is voice pitch .
Gordon Gallup , Ph.D. , a professor at the State University of New York at Albany , says that women with higher estrogen levels have higher voices , which makes them more desirable to men .
" When females are midcycle , when they 're the most fertile , the most likely to conceive , their voices are rated as being significantly more attractive , " he says .
It 's hard to pinpoint what distinguishes a gorgeous face from an average one , but some researchers are getting pretty close .
Psychologist Lisa DeBruine , Ph.D. , of the University of Aberdeen in Scotland says she 's found that women 's faces get more attractive to men when they are ovulating .
" We 're not entirely clear why there 's this difference , but we think that the women might look healthier , have a bit of a healthier glow when they are ovulating . "
Symmetry is another factor that determines a face 's attractiveness .
Kendra Schmid , an assistant professor of biostatistics at the University of Nebraska Medical Center , says there is a formula for the " perfect " face .
She uses 29 different measurements to determine someone 's appeal on a scale of 1 to 10 .
To start , Schmid says the ratio of the length of the face to the width of the face should be 1.6 , also known as the golden ratio .
"
The face should also be divided into three equal pieces vertically , " she says .
" The forehead , then [ the bottom of the forehead to ] the nose and then from the nose to the chin . "
Who 's face is the most " perfect , " according to Schmid 's measurements ?
No big surprise here !
" Brad Pitt 's is the highest that I 've ever used the [ formula ] on , " she says .
" He was a 9.3 [ out of 10 ] . "
Brad 's partner , Angelina Jolie , did n't fare too badly either .
" Angelina was a 7.67 , and that 's pretty high , " Schmid says .
" Most people rate about 4 to 6 . ...
The thing that is probably lowering her score is the thing that she 's most famous for -- her full lips . "
Schmid says that ideally the width of a mouth should be twice the height of the lips .
Other celebrities Schmid tested were Halle Berry , who scored a 7.36 , and Hugh Jackman , a 6.45 .
" There 's never been anyone who was a perfect 10 , " Schmid says .
" If you 're out there , we 're looking for you ! "
Not everything that goes into finding a partner is biological .
Researchers have also found that if a woman looks at the face of a man whom she knows nothing about , she will give it a rating on a scale of 1 to 10 that 's different than if she is shown the same face and a corresponding income .
When a man makes a lot of money , a woman will rate him higher on an attractiveness scale than she would that same man with a smaller income .
Oprah.com :
What do women really want ?
Berman says this is n't a case of women being gold diggers .
" It goes back again to evolution .
When we were having babies who were very dependent on us , we could n't hunt and take care of ourselves , so we were looking for the man who had the most social status , who was the best hunter , who was going to bring home the biggest chunk of meat for our babies , " she says .
" It 's the same thing today . "
Smell , voice pitch and face symmetry might be unconscious detectors of attractiveness , but if you 're trying to consciously assess the future of a relationship , Berman says there 's one surefire way .
" You really learn a lot from a kiss .
...
Sixty - six percent of women say they would dump a guy after a bad first kiss , " she says .
" It 's not only because you 're getting that good whiff of him so you 're seeing if you like the way he smells .
All your senses are engaged , and you get a sense of his sensuality , his connection , whether he 's a take - charge kind of guy or more of a stepping back kind . "
When it comes to relationships , Berman says kissing frequency is a direct indicator of happiness .
" It turns out that couples who kiss and cuddle regularly are eight times less likely to be stressed and depressed than couples who do n't get that , " she says .
" You have to have a minimum of a 10 - second kiss every day . "
From The Oprah Winfrey Show
Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price .
That 's like getting 18 issues FREE .
Subscribe now !
TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. All Rights Reserved .
All About Romance
As someone who enjoys a wide variety of music , it does not take much for me to become engrossed in any historical studies pertaining to music .
The theoretical study of music has been occurring for thousands of years , with people of all different cultures discovering their own unique methods in creating a style that can end up being just as historically relevant as the hierarchical rulers of the past .
While it is true that the rise of technology in the modern era has made most popular music universally identifiable , there remains several forms of music that are definitively tied to a group of people who proudly identify it as a component of their culture .
Unique modes , distinctive rhythmic involvement , and variations in timbre are a few aspects that may determine the individuality of such an audible cultural reference and may only be ascertainable if you get private vocal lessons , but there are some styles of music that remain too unique for theoretical classification alone .
Prior to listening to the newest album from Tanya Tagaq Gillis , I had no familiarity whatsoever with the art of Inuit throat singing — just like the rest of the world .
Unlike most forms of throat ( overtone ) singing , Inuit throat singing in particular is not multiphonic .
In fact , many historians are reluctant to call it “ singing ” in the first place , as the art mainly lies on the vocalist ’s ability to master the art of inhalation and exhalation to consequently engineer and manipulate relative melodies .
If that description is too linear for you to fully grasp , then I suppose an audio sample would be the best example .
While Canadian throat singer Tanya Tagaq Gillis may currently be best known for her collaborations with Björk , she also has the notability of being the only prominent Inuit throat singer who has been using the vocal form to produce studio music .
Originally used by Inuit women as a form of entertainment , her attempt to generate recognition for the art form has been commendable in grabbing the attention of any open - minded music fan with an interest in seemingly otherworldly music .
In traditional form , two women used to be involved in Inuit throat singing , with one using the mouth of the other as a resonator .
With modern studio magic making things a bit easier , Gillis has the ability to play off her own vocals , with additional musical accompaniment making the situation significantly more enthralling .
This actually ends up being the primary difference between her new sophomore album , Auk / Blood , and her debut album , Sinaa .
The debut was more of a display of her vocal approach and skill than an actual collection of captivating songs , while Auk / Blood sees her style expand into various uses of additional instrumentation .
Accessible ?
Hah , not even close .
But there is just something about the distinctiveness that makes it so captivating .
The key to overall success of Auk / Blood is the result of Gillis opening up to collaboration .
Featuring the likes of Buck 65 , Mike Patton ( Faith No More ) , and violinist Jesse Zubot , Auk / Blood is not a mere continuation upon Sinaa ’s straightforward displays of vocal ability .
The arrangements delve in a variety of different styles from free jazz to hip - hop , with Gillis ’ striking vocal technique being the usual source of accompaniment .
Buck 65 takes care of the rapping and electronic instrumentation on the two tracks with a hip - hop flair , “ Gentle ” and “ Want ” .
For the most part , Zubot is a constant present on the album with his string accompaniments , an aspect that adds a new emotional flavor to Gillis ’ output .
They range from the charmingly simplistic on tracks like “ Force ” to the vigorously captivating nature of “ Fire – Ikuma ” and “ Force ” , all aided appropriately by Gillis ’ semi-rhythmic vocal accompaniments .
I should warn that her style may not be appealing to those in search of gratifying hooks that become recognize immediately , but an attentive listen should likely earn the respect of any individual with an appreciation for the culturally inimitable methods of creating the art of music .
Notable collaborative partner Björk has classified Gillis as a “ totally emotional ” artist , “ like Édith Piaf or something . ”
Such is highly evident on Auk / Blood , especially on the odd adventure that is “ Fire – Ikuma ” .
Guest vocalist Mike Patton adds high - pitched squeals in an alienated duet of sorts with Gillis ’ backing throat singing providing an oddly entertaining form of spontaneous rhythmic and melodic components .
The collection of 13 songs , most of them named after adjectives and adverbs , tend to reflect their topics at hand .
The bustling rhythmic compilation contained on “ Growl ” sounds broodingly accurate when smattered over Gillis ’ groaning and panting , crafting a miniscule depiction of mood through arrangements than are truly minimal .
The serene aroma of “ Tategak ” makes it the most beautiful track on the album , serving as a breather between several tracks that appear to capture anguish and forbidden nostalgia in instrumentally dynamic form .
The peculiarly fascinating “ Fox – Tiriganiak ” sees a mixture between a frog - like vocal delivery and set of high - pitched strings , the latter of which appear nearly improvised in the sentiment that they are delivered spontaneous while simultaneously keeping in time .
While I cannot guarantee that Gillis ’ Auk / Blood is for everyone , certain listeners will most certainly appreciate the unique appeal of it .
What I can guarantee , though , is that you have likely never heard anything like the songs on Auk / Blood .
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
Tagaq – Tategak
[ audio : http://mineorecords.com/mp3/tagaq-tat.mp3]
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
Tagaq – Fox – Tiriganiak
[ audio : http://mineorecords.com/mp3/tagaq-fox.mp3]
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
Tagaq – Fire – Ikuma
[ audio : http://mineorecords.com/mp3/tagaq-fir.mp3]
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
Official Web Site
MySpace
BUY
Reporter fired for his inappropriately exposing his bright blue scrotum
A Baltimore television reporter has been fired for creating the infamous John Gibson “ bright blue scrotum ” video .
In the doctored video , comments Gibson made on Fox News about an escaped monkey were cut together with completely unrelated comments he made about U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder .
WBAL -TV , an NBC affiliate , admitted that one of its former employee had posted the video on YouTube without its knowledge .
Other media outlets revealed that the WBAL reporter responsible for the doctored video had been fired .
This seems unfair to us .
What color is the attorney general ’s scrotum ?
Do we know for sure it ’s not bright blue ?
This is the man who has sworn to uphold the law of the land .
Before the reporter is fired , should n’t Holder be required to produce the evidence ?
In recent my travel to Istanbul , I researched tens of coffeehouses , and found the perfect cup , in the centuries old Ali Pasha coffee house .
Kahve , Turkish coffee , was invented by the Ottomans hundreds of years ago .
The exceptional taste , body , aroma , preparation , and presentation associated with Turkish coffee lend it an exclusive identity that is infused with time - honored tradition .
Made with high - quality Arabica beans from Central America and Brazil , the coffee is first blended , then roasted to a medium - light level , and finally ground into an extra - fine grind .
Turkish Ibrik ( Amazon USA , Amazon UK , Amazon Canada , eBay )
Turkish coffee preparation ( one cup ) :
Pour water into a small Turkish coffee cup called a fincan ( about 1.7oz ) and dispense it into a small brass cezve , coffee pot .
Pour Water into Turkish Coffee Cup
Add two teaspoons of Turkish coffee .
The grinds should be much finer than those of espresso so that they will ultimately sink to the bottom .
Add Turkish Coffee
Add up to 2 teaspoons of sugar ( If desired ) .
Add sugar
Tip : while making the Turkish coffee , keep the fincan filled with hot water so that it keeps hot .
Empty the cup just prior to pouring in the coffee .
On a small flame , stir for about one minute .
Then , without stirring , let the coffee come to boil .
This should take 3 - 4 minutes .
Let coffee boil
Pour the coffee into the fincan in one swift movement so that all the foam is smoothly transferred .
Pour the coffee into the fincan
Serve with a small cup of fresh water ( as traditionally done in Turkey ) .
Serve Turkish Coffee
Take a small sip of water to clear the palate and then , once the coffee grinds have sunk to the bottom , little by little , drink the coffee .
Do n’t drink the grinds at the bottom .
These may be used to tell your future .
When you have finished your coffee , turn the cup over .
Wait a few moments to let the formed coffee patterns to solid and then take a stab at fortune telling .
Resources
Turkish Ibrik ( Amazon USA , Amazon UK , Amazon Canada , eBay )
Coffee Fortune Telling With a Turkish Coffee Pot – Fortune telling with Turkish Coffee .
The World ’s First Coffee Pot : Turkish Coffee – Additional tips on making Turkish coffee .
The developer of a new Windows - based first person shooter game is leaving comments on torrent sites via the actual torrent uploader in attempt to reach out to those thinking of downloading the game .
ACE Team , the developer of Zeno Clash , acknowledges that people might like to ' try before they buy ' and says they will not try to stop piracy .
There are many ways of trying to influence those who like to share files online .
Mostly the influence comes from the likes of the MPAA , RIAA and IFPI , who universally like to ‘ persuade ’ would - be file - sharers with the threat of legal action , actual legal action and propaganda .
This approach does n’t work .
There are softer approaches available .
In 2007 we interviewed Trey Harrison , a developer who instead of threatening the people who cracked his software ( ‘ Salvation ’ ) , actually took the time to engage them instead .
The group responsible actually agreed not to crack any more of his software – quite a result .
Now it is the turn of ACE Team , an independent game development studio located in Chile .
Their latest game , Zeno Clash , is described as a fighting / first person shooter and was nominated in January as a finalist in the Independent Games Festival competition , in the category of ‘ Excellence in Visual Art ’ .
Of course , none of this can stop a game being pirated and Zeno Clash has turned up on various torrent sites – nothing out of the ordinary there .
However , what is unusual is the developers ’ response to the situation .
Instead of getting in touch with the sites and demanding that the torrent be removed , ACE Team have decided to tackle would - be pirates head on – with an appeal posted in the comment sections of the torrent .
I ’m one of the developers of Zeno Clash .
I would appreciate you read this if you are about to download this file .
Zeno Clash is an independently funded game by a very small and sacrificed group of people .
The only way in which we can continue making games like this ( or a sequel ) is to have good sales .
I am aware that at this moment there is still no demo of the game , but we are working on one which will be available soon .
We cannot do anything to stop piracy of the game ( and honestly do n’t intend to do so ) but if you are downloading because you wish to try before you buy , I would ask that you purchase the game ( and support the independent game development scene ) if you enjoy it .
We plan on updating Zeno Clash with DLC and continuing support for the game long after it ’s release .
Thanks for taking the time to read this … hopefully it will make a difference .
Carlos Bordeu
ACE Team
Interestingly , although posted officially on at least one site , this message has been spread by the torrent ’s uploader – who says he wants to help ACE Team .
“ I want to help developers to sell more of this good game , that ’s all , ” he said .
Carlos Bordeu from ACE
Team told TorrentFreak , “ Our ‘ anti- piracy ’ technique is basically the best approach we thought was possible .
I think appealing to the conscience of people who download the game is the best we can do .
Zeno Clash is not an expensive game .
We do n’t believe in restrictive DRM . ”
The responses from file - sharers have been pretty positive too – even from the hardcore over at The Pirate Bay .
Here are a few of them – note , not a “ F** K the MPAA / RIAA ” in sight … …
“ It was a touching comment ( seriously ) I will dl it and see if I like it and then will see if I buy it or not . ”
“ I love how the developers are commenting in here .
Thanks a lot for doing it , instead of fighting the piracy . ”
“ I have not bought a game in 5 years , but the attitude of the developers has made me want to purchase their game .
Fuck , if I like this game , I ’m gonna buy it ! ”
“ Developers like this deserve the money .
They did n’t come on here with a preconceived notion that we are all thieves who do n’t buy our software .
I like that , because I and most of the people who use this actually do buy the software and other goods that we enjoy . ”
Carlos told us , “ We honestly think that ‘ converting ’ the people who download the game into buyers is a much better strategy than trying to fight them .
We are also improving the original game , so it will include features and content that people who download the game will probably miss . ”
At the moment downloads of Zeno Clash are pretty low , although it ’s hard to say if the developer ’s message has had anything to do with that , but a fresh approach is always welcome .
US rates are expected to remain low for some time The US Federal Reserve says it will buy almost $ 1.2 trillion ( £ 843 bn ) worth of debt to help boost lending and promote economic recovery .
It said it would start buying long - term government debt and expand purchases of mortgage - related debt .
The size of the move surprised investors , causing the Dow Jones stock index to jump almost 200 points .
The Bank of England has already begun buying government debt to expand money supply - known as quantitative easing .
The Federal Reserve said it hopes the measures will boost mortgage lending and the struggling housing market by lowering interest rates on mortgages and other forms of consumer debt .
" This is not only going to keep mortgage rates low for a long period of time , " said Greg McBride , a senior financial analyst at Bankrate.com .
HOW QUANTITATIVE EASING WORKS
Central bank expands money supply by using newly created money to buy assets from banks and other financial institutions
Aims to boost the economy by giving sellers of these assets money to spend on goods , services or more assets " The mere announcement may produce a honeymoon effect and bring mortgage rates down to even lower levels in the coming days . "
The US central bank also kept interest rates unchanged at close to zero after its two - day policy meeting .
In December , it cut rates as low as they can go - to a range of zero to 0.25 % .
The Fed 's unprecedented measures come as central banks around the world are grappling with how to fight the worst recession since World War II .
Japan said earlier on Wednesday it would step up its purchases of government debt .
" Job losses , declining equity and housing wealth , and tight credit conditions have weighed on consumer sentiment and spending , " the Fed said .
All tools The Fed said it would employ " all available tools " to promote economic recovery .
This is a pretty dramatic move
James Caron , Morgan Stanley
The biggest surprise was the announcement that the Fed would buy up to $ 300 bn worth of government debt , known as US Treasuries , over the next six months .
It also said it would buy an additional $ 750bn of mortgage - backed securities to boost mortgage lending , bringing total purchases of this type to $ 1.25 trillion .
It added that it would buy a further $ 100bn in debt issued by government - sponsored agencies like Freddie Mac , which supports the mortgage market .
" This is a pretty dramatic move , " said James Caron , head of global rates research at Morgan Stanley in New York .
The Dow Jones industrial average gained 90.88 points , or 1.23 % , to end at 7,486.58 points , reversing early losses .
The move boosted banks and financial shares , with Citigroup up 23 % and Bank of America vaulting 22 % higher .
However , the announcement hurt the dollar , which hit a two - month low against the euro on fears that the measures would undermine the currency .
The yields payable to holders of government bonds also fell sharply .
The yield on the benchmark 10 - year Treasury note fell to 2.5 % percent from 3.01 % - its biggest one - day slide since the Wall Street crash of 1987 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As many as three million people took to the streets across France today to protest against President Nicolas Sarkozy 's handling of the economic crisis and demand more help for struggling workers .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The protests , which polls show are backed by three quarters of the French public , reflect growing disillusion with Sarkozy 's pledges of reform as the crisis has thrown tens of thousands out of work and left millions more worried about their jobs .
Bright spring sunshine helped the turnout and the total reported by union organisers surpassed the 2.5 million seen on an earlier day of protest on Jan. 29 .
Streets in central Paris were packed with protesters waving anti-Sarkozy placards and chanting slogans , with badges reading " Get lost you little jerk ! " , the now infamous comment made by Sarkozy to a protestor at an agriculture show , much in evidence .
" There are more and more workers who feel they are not responsible for this crisis but that they are the main victims of it , " said Bernard Thibault , head of the CGT , one of the eight trade unions organising the strikes .
More than 2 million people are out of work in France and despite an easing in inflation , even many with a job struggle with the high cost of living .
A large public sector payroll and a relatively generous welfare state has kept French people better protected than many in other countries but there has been deep public anger at plant closures and stories of corporate excess .
Sarkozy , elected in 2007 on a pledge to shake up the French economy , has seen his approval ratings plunge as he has poured billions into bailing out banks and carmakers but rejected union demands for higher pay and tax hikes for the rich .
" People are in the streets and they are suffering , there are more and more people out of work and something has to be done , " said Sylvie Daenenck , marching in Paris .
" We should n't just be giving money to the bosses . "
The CGT said 3 million people had joined the protests , with hundreds of thousands at the main rally in Paris and tens of thousands taking part in marches in provincial towns and cities .
Police , however , put the Paris total at just 85,000 .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Sarkozy 's room for manoeuvre has been limited by the dire state of French public finances , which have been drastically strained by the need to prop up the fragile financial sector .
But a series of disputes , ranging from strikes by university staff to unruly protests by workers at a tyre plant in northern France , have underlined a worsening climate of discontent that the government fears could escalate .
Workers at the Continental tyre factory pelted managers with eggs at the protest this week and the government and business leaders have been acutely aware of the danger of unrest spilling over into the kind of violence seen in the urban riots of 2005 .
Transport , energy and some government offices were all affected and unions said there was also strong participation by workers from the private sector , although there was no general shutdown of the economy .
Most businesses and public services functioned at close to normal levels .
The unions have presented a long list of demands , including a boost for the lower salaried , more measures to protect employment , a tax hike for high earners and a halt to job cuts planned in the public sector .
The government has introduced a 26 billion euro ( $ 36 billion ) stimulus plan aimed at business investment , and after the Jan. 29 strike Sarkozy offered 2.65 billion euros of additional aid to help vulnerable households weather the storm .
But there is little prospect of an improvement in the situation , with many analysts predicting the economy will contract by 2 percent this year and unemployment will jump 25 percent to almost 10 percent .
Once upon a time , there were six girls who had to visit their sick grandmother .
No , wait , there were actually seven .
In order to get to their grandmother 's house , the Red Girls had to travel through a nearby forest to get there ; it was a quick and safe journey , as long as they stayed on the path leading through the woods .
But if they stayed on the path and made it to the house safe and sound , then their stories ended in failure .
Confused yet ?
Do n't worry , that 's a common feeling when playing Tale of Tales ' newest horror / adventure game , The Path .
Title The Path Developer Tale of Tales Publisher Tale of Tales Price $ 9.99 Platform PC
The Path is perhaps one of the strangest games you 'll ever play .
It 's an eerie adventure game based on Little Red Riding Hood that takes place in both third and first - person perspectives , telling the story of a group of sisters who go to visit their grandmother 's house , one at a time .
If the sisters make it to the house without deviating from the path that winds through the woods , though , the house is safe but their respective chapters end in failure .
In order to succeed , players have to wander off the path and explore the " Endless Forest " until they encounter The Wolf .
The Wolf appears as a different being for each girl , and dealing with this creature unlocks more items and rooms to find in Grandma 's House .
Finally , in order for a chapter to be considered successful , the girl must die at the end of the section .
Why this has to be is n't really explained , and it 's something that you 'll find yourself wondering about for quite some time .
While wandering through the forest , the game is a third - person adventure , but once inside the house the perspective switches to a first - person viewpoint .
These two sequences feel like totally separate games , with visuals that do n't actually mesh smoothly : the third - person parts actually look rather nice , especially when you discover unlockable areas , but the first - person parts feel like they 're out of a first - generation Myst clone .
It 's a shame , because the exploratory portions of the game do such a great job of presenting a world that is simultaneously beautiful and eerie , with messages and images appearing on the screen as you wander through the woods .
As a result , you 'll find yourself wanting to explore more of this strange environment , though the final portions of each chapter will most likely leave you confused and frustrated at the game 's abstract nature .
Meanwhile , the game contains some lovely music , but the sound effects are often disconcerting and bizarre .
This , combined with the visuals , serves to create a world that is truly unique .
Nothing feels stable ; instead , everything comes across as discordant and dynamic , thus having the potential to shift into something dangerous at the drop of a hat .
The game 's story may not make a lot of sense , but it resonated with me for a good while after I had stopped playing .
I found myself analyzing the different chapters and trying to figure out how they tied together , as well as trying to untangle the symbolism contained in the different items that the characters find during their travels .
It 's not often that a game stays with a player after they walk away from it , but the problem is that The Path remains as inscrutable as ever even after it's been the subject of a great deal of consideration .
So is The Path a good game ?
Well , yes and no .
On one hand , the story does n't make much sense , and it 's not exactly a lot of fun to play .
On the other hand , the game 's art style is enchanting , the world is fascinating and makes you want to keep exploring its contents , and it sticks with you long after you stop playing .
It 's definitely different from anything else you 're likely to play ; it might not be a game many people will like , but it is something to be respected and admired .
The game is available for download via Steam or through Tale of Tales ' website for $ 9.99 .
If you 're interested in a game that will stick with you for quite some time after you invest some time in it , then pick this one up .
If , however , you prefer your gameplay experiences to be rather straightforward , you should look elsewhere .
Pakistani fighter jets pounded Taliban positions in a district near the Swat Valley on Tuesday as ground troops pressed on , in the military 's most robust effort to repel a Taliban advance .
Pakistan faces intense pressure from Washington to abandon a peace deal with the Taliban in Swat , which has become a major militant base since the deal was struck in mid-February .
Tuesday 's fighting in the neighboring Buner district seemed likely to further undermine the already shaky accord .
The ...
I finally understand nested comprehensions
Date : 11 March 2009
Tags : computing , python
This entire blog post can be summarized in the words of Guido himself that I have just discovered down at the bottom of PEP - 202 ( “ List Comprehensions ” ) :
The form [... for x... for y...] nests , with the last index varying fastest , just like nested for loops .
Have you ever seen a Python list comprehension like that , with two or more for loops inside ?
I have just written my first one !
It was only recently that I discovered they were even possible , when I encountered several in a draft of the upcoming Natural Language Processing with Python book .
( Which should be great — watch for O'Reilly to publish it ! )
They almost never turn up in other code that I encounter , and perhaps for good reason : they were deeply confusing the first time I saw them !
The code I have just written is shown below .
It uses the Python Imaging Library to produce an image I will use in the series of blog posts that I started yesterday on watermarking PDF files .
The code requires a small arecibo. txt file , detailing the radio message that was sent from the Arecibo Observatory in November 1974 to any other civilizations that might be listening .
As you can see , I have successfully used two for clauses in the list comprehension that generates the image 's pixels :
" " " Draw the Arecibo message ( blue on transparent ) . " " " from PIL import Image image = Image . new ( " RGBA " , ( 23 , 73 ) ) image .
putdata ( [ ( 192 , 224 , 255 , 255 ) if char == ' 1 ' else ( 0 , 0 , 0 , 0 ) for line in open ( ' arecibo.txt ' ) for char in line . strip ( ) ] ) image . save ( ' arecibo.png ' )
Each pixel is a four - value tuple , by the way , because an RGBA image not only has a red , green , and blue channel for each pixel , but also an “ A channel ” specifying its opacity or transparency .
The colors in use here are a completely opaque light blue , and a completely transparent color ( the four zeros ) .
The result looks something like :
My mistake in reading the multiple for clauses was that , old C - language programmer that I am , I was expecting the comprehension structure to be concentric .
That is , I thought that the last for must “ enclose ” the ones above it , creating a mess of lists inside of lists inside of lists .
But it turns out that they are much simpler to read than that .
Just read them like normal loops , with the “ big loop ” described first and the subsequent loops nested inside of it :
#! python #
The list comprehension said : [ expression for line in open ( ' arecibo.txt ' ) for char in line.
strip ( ) ] #
It therefore meant : for line in open ( ' arecibo.txt ' ) : for char in line.strip ( ) : list.append( expression )
So , to read the comprehension , just picture colons appended to each for clause and , finally , the expression moved down inside of the innermost for loop .
Now that I have made this conceptual leap , I can “ picture ” the normal for loops each time I see a complicated list comprehension , and they are trivial to read and write !
It still , I admit , feels odd that the expression , which would be deep inside of normal for loops , goes in front of them in a comprehension instead .
And I am not sure that double comprehensions should become part of my normal coding style .
( How many other Python programmers understand them ?
Has everyone else been using them without problems ? )
But they are a neat trick to have up my sleeve when I need to iterate over an image quickly and want to pack everything into a single , easily - bloggable expression .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
Shaq ’s New Workout Includes Bench Pressing His Trainer
Total Pro Sports –
Have you ever wondered what exercises Shaquille O’Neal likes to do in the gym during his time away from the court ?
Well we have the answer .
On occasion Shaq enjoys bench pressing the Phoenix Suns trainer on a medicine ball .
No wonder he is having an All Star year with the Suns this season scoring 19 points and 9 rebounds a game .
The rejuvenated Shaq hopes to run his Suns deep into the playoffs .
We do n’t recommend Shaquille O’Neal ’s preferred work out but if you ca n’t resist we suggest you consult your family doctor .
Share This
Why are we asking this now ?
In recent days large crowds of Tamil protesters have taken to the streets of London to highlight the plight of thousands of Tamil civilians caught up in the apparent endgame of a long and vicious civil war in Sri Lanka .
The demonstrators are demanding that Britain use its influence to try and enforce a ceasefire between the Sri Lankan army and the fighters of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) .
Police arrested four people – one for violent disorder – after scuffles broke out when officers moved protesters off a bridge into Parliament Square .
Why are protesters now taking to the streets ?
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The fighting between the LTTE and the government forces may now be in its last phase .
Apart from a tiny patch of jungle no more than one mile by two , over which the two sides were last night still fighting , the remnants of a once powerful LTTE force are now holed up in an area measuring no more than 7.7 square miles .
This area is a so - called " no - fire zone " .
The problem is that also squeezed within this no-fire zone are anywhere between 100,000 and 190,000 Tamil civilians .
The Sri Lankan government has rejected numerous international calls for a ceasefire to allow the evacuation of civilians – yesterday another UN special envoy added his name to the growing list – but at the same time it has so far stood back from ordering a major assault on the no-fire zone that would almost certainly result in massive civilian casualties .
" I am deeply concerned for the lives of over 100,000 civilians trapped in the 14 square km area of the Vanni declared by the Government of Sri Lanka .
Large numbers of civilians have been killed or wounded .
Following reports that LTTE fighters now have been pushed entirely into this zone , many more are at risk of losing their lives , " said Walter Kaelin , the Representative of the UN Secretary - General on the Human Rights of Internally Displaced Persons .
" I urgently repeat my call to the LTTE to allow all civilians under its control to leave this zone and to seek safety elsewhere .
I also call on the Government of Sri Lanka to scrupulously respect the no-fire zone . "
What are conditions like in the no fire zone ?
Journalists have been banned from getting anywhere near the war zone , apart going on sanitised officially organised visits escorted by the military , so the picture is not entirely clear .
Aid groups say conditions there are dire ; there is insufficient food , water and medicine and people are pushed together under makeshift plastic shelters .
" It 's desperate , desperate , desperate , " said Sarah Crowe , a senior regional official with Unicef .
People have been stuck there for months and while thousands of civilians have managed to slip out of the no-fire zone , many more are trapped .
UN officials say that the LTTE is preventing people from leaving in order to provide themselves with a bulwark against an onslaught by government troops .
" The government has said this is a hostage situation , " said Gordon Weiss , a Colombo - based spokesman for the UN .
" They have indicated they are going to play a wait and see game and to seal this area . "
What has been the civilian toll ?
There are no official figures but in recent weeks there have been reports that hundreds of civilians are being killed every week and many more wounded , having been caught up in crossfire and shelling by both sides .
Medical facilities in the zone are all but non-existent .
Those who are able to get to the evacuation points on the coast are taken by ferry south to Trincomalee where , under heavy guard , they are moved for treatment in hospitals .
After that they are taken to internment camps .
The Sri Lankan authorities say they are doing this to ensure that no LTTE fighters are hiding themselves among the civilian wounded .
Mr Weiss said around 65,000 civilians may now be held inside these camps .
How long has this conflict been going on ?
The fighting between the Tigers and the government has taken place since as early as 1983 .
The Tigers , led by Velupillai Prabhakaran , have been fighting for a separate homeland for the largely Hindu Tamils , claiming that the Sinhalese Buddhist majority has long discriminated against them .
The Tigers have used brutal tactics , including the suicide bombing of civilian targets , in addition to the many Sri Lankan politicians they have killed .
At least 70,000 people have died in fighting but the death toll might even be much higher – possibly double that .
Why have events happened so quickly ?
President Mahinda Rajapaksa won power in 2005 .
Following the breakdown of a ceasefire agreement between the Tigers and the government in January 2008 , Mr Rajapaksa vowed to undertake a " war for peace " and to destroy the rebels within a year .
The military has not achieved that but has been able to squeeze the rebels into enclaves .
In November , government troops took the town of Kilinochi , the rebels ' de facto capital .
Since then they have taken every remaining stronghold .
The army now says that every LTTE village and town is in the control of government forces .
Why has there been such controversy surrounding the government 's tactics ?
The government assault upon the rebels has been accompanied by a crackdown on critics .
Various groups have criticised the government for an assault upon the media .
Amnesty International said that since 2006 at least 14 media workers have been killed and hundreds of others harassed and attacked by both sides of the conflict .
More than 20 have fled the country in response to death threats .
Among the most high profile killings was that of Lasantha Wickrematunga , editor of The Sunday Leader and an outspoken critic of the government .
The authorities have denied accusations – made most famously by Mr Wickrematunga himself in an article published posthumously – that they were involved in his killing .
What has the international community done to end the violence ?
There have been widespread calls for a ceasefire to allow an evacuation of civilians but there has been remarkably little action .
India , the most influential regional power , has asked Sri Lanka to find a political settlement for the Tamils – of which there is a large population in Southern India .
But by pitching the operation of the government troops in the language of so - called " war on terror " , Mr Rajapaksa may have insulated himself from anything other than words .
Yesterday Foreign Secretary David Miliband , became the latest to express concern , saying : " Recent reports suggesting that the Sri Lankan military have now captured all the territory outside the so - called no - fire zone and that fighting is now going on inside the zone , where the civilian population is concentrated , are deeply worrying . "
These words are unlikely to assuage the anger of London 's protesters , however .
Can there be a military solution to Sri Lanka 's conflict ?
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Yes ...
* Destroying the Tigers now would leave them without a stronghold and potentially without a leader
* The government is better at preventing money getting to them
* The government 's actions against the Tigers have been popular among the Sinhalese majority .
They will use that to seek re-election
No ...
* The last remnants of the Tigers will hole up in patches of jungle and fight a hit - and - run war as they once did
* The political demands of the Tamil population have to be addressed .
There is too much evidence they are treated like second - class citizens
* The Tigers still receive significant support from outside Sri Lanka
Light from
Type I supernovae is used as a standard for distances Researchers have come up with a theory for how stars can end in a spectacular so - called Type Ia supernova in less than 100 million years .
While such early - stage supernovae are well - known , theory has been unable to explain them .
The secret , the researchers say , is that white dwarf stars steal mass from nearby " helium stars " until they have enough mass to initiate a supernova .
The research appears in Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society .
The new theory concerns white dwarf stars , the dense remains of stars like the Sun that have fused their hydrogen into helium and then the helium into carbon and oxygen .
Existing theory held that these carbon / oxygen white dwarves can gather up further mass from nearby companion stars .
When they reach a critical mass , about 40 % more than the Sun , they can undergo further fusion .
In just a few seconds , the white dwarf 's carbon is fused into heavier elements in a runaway process that releases huge amounts of energy into the cosmos : a supernova .
Too fast Because the process happens with a known brightness , such supernovae have been used by astronomers as a standard for distances .
Before this investigation , there was no model which could produce a large population of such young Type Ia supernovae
Xuefei Chen
However , the theory held that the mass - accreting process would take more than 100 million years to occur .
However , observations have it that about half of the Type Ia supernovae observed occur in less than that amount of time .
Bo Wang and colleagues of the National Astronomical Observatories at the Chinese Academy of Sciences investigated the problem , performing calculations based on 2600 relatively nearby white dwarf / companion star pairs .
They found that if the companion star was a so - called helium star - which had fused all its hydrogen to form a helium core - then the white dwarf could steal away mass more quickly , leading to a supernova event in less than 100 million years .
" Before this investigation , there was no model which could produce a large population of such young Type Ia supernovae , and no knowledge of a way to produce such numbers , " study co-author Xuefei Chen told BBC News .
Dr Chen said that the theft of mass from helium stars is likely to produce most of the " young " Type Ia supernovae that we observe , if not all of them .
" A significant population of young Type Ia supernovae may have an effect on models of galactic chemical evolution , since they would return large amounts of iron to the interstellar medium much earlier than previously thought , " Dr Chen added .
" It may also have an impact on cosmology , as they are used as cosmological distance indicators . "
The team now plans to study the extremely high - velocity helium stars that would be the remnants of such supernovae .
While such fast - moving stars have been spotted before , their speed was attributed to gravitational interactions , rather than supernovae .
Those remnants may now serve as proof of the team 's theory .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
An Airy Beam viewed in cross section .
The asymmetric beam has an intense region on the right - hand side and several less intense spots on the left ( Image : Science )
Lasers may have thousands of applications in every section of modern society , but all laser beams are fundamentally similar – single - coloured and straight .
Now , US physicists have helped to break that mould by creating the first curved laser beams .
The feat could one day help guide lightning to the ground .
Optics researchers led by Pavel Polynkin at the University of Arizona in Tucson generated 35 - femtosecond - long laser pulses from a standard titanium - sapphire system .
Advertisement
The straight laser pulses differ from standard lasers in that they cover a wide range of colour frequencies rather than a single colour .
Each pulse then passes through a transparent “ phase pattern ” mask and a lens , which together divide the laser pulse into its constituent parts , rather like breaking a musical chord into its individual notes .
The intensity profile of a normal laser beam is symmetrical around a central intense region , but the mask and lens are specially designed to impose an unusual asymmetric intensity profile , creating a so - called Airy beam .
On the right - hand side of the Airy beam there is one intense bright region , and there is a series of smaller , less intense regions to the left ( see image ) .
Plasma arc
As the pulse moves away from the lens , energy flows between the different intensity regions .
Because of the underlying asymmetry , the beam bends around 5 millimetres to the right over its 60 - centimetre measured length .
That ’s not enough to send the beams around sharp corners , but they could be guided around objects , such as cells , in microscopic applications .
There is such an intense concentration of electromagnetic energy in the strong curving peak of the pulse that it ionises the air as it travels , leaving a plasma arc in its wake .
Team member Demetrios Christodoulides of the University of Central Florida in Orlando says those plasma arcs can help in analytical procedures .
“ The emissions generated during the process are indicative of the gas composition [ that the plasma is travelling through ] , ” he says .
Spectacular application
Previously , straight plasma channels have been used to produce those emissions , but all the emissions are projected forwards onto the same spot .
Since the forward direction constantly changes for the arc , however , the emissions would arrive at different points on a detector .
“ Now , because the emissions are from a curved plasma pattern , you can pinpoint precisely where in the gas they came from , ” Christodoulides says .
But Jérôme Kasparian at the University of Geneva in Switzerland , who was not involved in the study , thinks plasma channels produced by laser pulses could perform a more spectacular function on a larger scale .
Kasparian and Jean - Pierre Wolf , also at Geneva , are attempting to use plasma channels to control lightning strikes by firing laser pulses into thunderclouds .
Curved lightning
In 2004 , Kasparian and Wolf took their plasma channel - generating laser equipment into thunderstorms in New Mexico .
They fired straight laser pulses into the thunderclouds 10 times every second , hoping that the high energy plasma channels that form in the laser pulse ’s wake would trigger lightning strikes , which would then travel along the plasma channels down to the ground , like a train running along railway tracks ( Optics Express , DOI : 10.1364/OE.16.005757 ) .
“ We did n’t detect triggered lightning but we did detect electric activity synchronised with the laser pulses , ” says Kasparian .
He thinks the plasma was too low in energy to trigger full lightning strikes , but the researchers think they can solve that problem with modifications to the system .
Kasparian says that in future , Christodoulides ’s team ’s work could be combined with his to help aim the laser pulses and plasma channels at specific targets , such as clouds , although he points out that the laser pulses can also be guided using mirrors .
“ But it would be fun to see curved lightning discharges , ” he says .
Journal reference : Science ( DOI : 10.1126/science.1169544 )
The New Hampshire State Senate votes today on legislation to decide if the Granite State will be the fifth to allow gay marriage .
NH State senator Martha Fuller Clark ( D ) of Portsmouth says , " New Hampshire has a choice to lead or follow .
" We can't choose our time .
There were those who felt it was n't the right time to give women the right to vote and it was n't time for civil rights legislation .
But if we had n't pushed for equal rights , we would n't have made the progress we have . "
By a narrow 186- 179 margin , the House passed HB 436 , which was sponsored by Democratic Reps. Jim Splaine and Paul McEachern of Portsmouth .
The gay marriage vote is expected to be close in the 24 - member Senate in which Democrats have a 14 - 10 margin .
Governor John Lynch , who supported civil unions legislation , does not support the gay marriage bill but has n't said publicly whether he would veto it if passed by the Senate .
A recent poll conducted by the University of New Hampshire Survey Center and released Tuesday by the pro-gay marriage New Hampshire Freedom to Marry organization showed that 55 percent of New Hampshire voters support marriage for lesbian and gay couples , while 39 percent are opposed .
Just a few weeks ago , during New Hampshire Gay Marriage Hearings , this video was recorded .
The speaker bypasses the whole gay marriage issue and jumps to the theory that HOMOSEXUALITY is NOT a civil right ?
Huh ?
It 's not ?
He says :
" Homosexuality is not a civil right under the Constitution ... it does not pass the litmus test of a civil right . "
He then goes onto say :
" This bill is bad for the historic place of marriage in our society .
Bad for our children .
Bad for the implications on our economy .
Bad for the future curriculum that will be used in public schools .
Bad for medial institutions .
It adds nothing to the individual rights already secured by law .
This is a bad policy and I implore you to please not pass this bill . "
Do you think the bill will pass ; and should it pass ?
New York Times columnist who demanded concessions from auto workers , “ makes case ” for AIG bonuses
By David Walsh
18 March 2009
New York Times columnist Andrew Ross Sorkin " made the case " Tuesday for paying American International Group ( AIG ) executives some $ 165 million in bonuses .
In the face of a public outrage that he acknowledges , Sorkin suggests : " Maybe we have to swallow hard and pay up , partly for our own good . "
It should be recalled that Sorkin , the Times chief mergers and acquisitions reporter and editor of the newspaper 's daily financial report , called for the " government - sponsored " bankruptcy of General Motors in November 2008 and the slashing of auto workers ' living standards .
At the time , he described their benefits as " off the charts " and falsely claimed that at GM , as of 2007 , " the average auto worker was paid about $ 70 an hour , including health care and pension costs . "
Now , in regard to the AIG bonuses , the columnist suggests the fundamental question " is the sanctity of contracts . "
Imagine the mess " if the business community started to worry that the government would start abrogating contracts left and right . "
Sorkin cites the comments of veteran compensation consultant Pearl Meyer , who suggests that failing to honor the contracts at AIG " would put American business on a worse slippery slope than it already is . "
In other words , the Times columnist asks someone in the business of seeing that executives extract every penny possible whether or not the AIG employees should receive their millions .
" If government officials were to break the contracts , they would be ‘ breaking a bond , ' Ms. Meyer says . "
Sorkin reproduces this with what one takes to be a " straight face . "
What sort of " bonds " are presently respected by corporate America ?
This is a country where workers are treated like dogs , routinely tossed out the door with barely a moment 's notice and have essentially no rights in relation to their corporate masters .
Companies lie to and cheat their employees as a matter of course .
The " bond " between a firm and its workforce in the US lasts no longer than a fluctuation in its share price .
At every possible opportunity , senior and more highly paid workers are replaced by cheaper labor .
Factories and offices are closed down , operations moved to more " business - friendly " environs , without a thought for the destruction of lives and entire communities .
There is no God in corporate America but the accumulation of personal wealth .
Only a week ago , a bankruptcy judge in New York upheld his earlier decision that Delphi , the auto parts maker , has the right to end health and insurance benefits to 15,000 retirees and their spouses as of April 1 .
The Detroit News noted , " Attorneys representing a group of the white collar retirees argued in the Southern District of New York court that Delphi 's former owner , General Motors Corp. , promised them lifetime coverage . "
So much for " bonds . "
Numerous commentators have pointed to the glaring double standard .
The bonus agreements with AIG are sacred , but autoworkers ' contracts ( and others ) can be opened and altered at will .
Sorkin has an answer for this , however : " The big difference is that there is a negotiation [ in auto ] ; no one is unilaterally tearing up contracts . "
The journalist is a sophist of the first order .
There is no " negotiation " between the autoworkers and the companies in any meaningful sense .
The corporations , the media , the government and the UAW line up on one side , threatening the most dire consequences : the destruction of massive numbers of jobs , bankruptcy , the closing down of the entire industry — for workers and their families , the loss of virtually everything — if the latter do n't accept concessions .
They face extortion of the most highly organized and vicious variety .
And if the workers dared to reject the concessions , the political establishment , including the New York Times , would scream bloody murder and demand their firing .
On the other hand , the government owns 79.9 percent of AIG .
It could do what it likes , replace management , invalidate contracts , launch criminal investigations and more .
But , in this case , supported by the likes of Sorkin , a handful of corporate scoundrels hold society hostage and demand their blood money .
AIG is engaged in blackmail .
Sorkin admits as much .
Of the firm 's complex role in world financial markets , he writes , " A.I.G. built this bomb , and it may be the only outfit that really knows how to defuse it .
" A.I.G. employees concocted complex derivatives that then wormed their way through the global financial system .
If they leave ... they might simply turn around and trade against A.I.G.'s book .
Why not ?...
So as unpalatable as it seems , taxpayers need to keep some of these brainiacs in their seats , if only to prevent them from turning against the company . "
The white paper AIG dispatched to the government making its case for paying the 400 executives includes other kinds of threats .
The document reports that AIG 's derivative portfolio stands at some $ 1.6 trillion " and remains a significant risk . "
It suggests that if , for some reason , AIG were to default on a major contract , this could trigger " other cross - defaults over the entire portfolio of AIGFP [ AIG Financial Products ] . "
The AIG white paper gives the example of a possible default set off by the resignation of an unhappy senior manager at a French subsidiary and the appointment of a replacement by the French banking regulator .
" Such an appointment would constitute an event of default ... and potentially cost tens of billions of dollars in unwind costs . "
In other words , AIG officials might detonate a financial time bomb if their bonuses are not paid .
Professor William K. Black , a leading figure in the investigation of the savings and loan scandal in the 1980s , points to another side of the AIG extortion .
" A.I.G. is holding a gun to their own heads , saying ‘ unless you help us continue to have this incredible life in terms of bonuses , we 're going to die and the taxpayers will be faced with a catastrophe ' ...
It 's too bad Marxists do n't believe in god .
Otherwise they'd be thanking him for having sent A.I.G. down to earth to destroy capitalism . "
The various types of blackmail pointed to by Sorkin and others are not reasons for paying the AIG executives , but indicting them .
The comments paint a picture , for all intents and purposes , of financial terrorists .
Sorkin has another argument in his pocket , one of the most popular with the American public at the moment : that AIG needs to pay the $ 165 million in bonuses , and millions more next year , to retain the services of the " the best and the brightest . "
Yes , a crowd of real geniuses , whose unscrupulous activities have helped bankrupt the country and world economy .
The Times columnist cites the comment of another executive compensation specialist , Robert M. Sedgwick , who tells him that the AIG jobs " are terrible ....
You have to read about yourself in the paper every day .
These people are leaving as soon as they can . "
One can barely restrain one 's sympathy .
Sorkin assures us , through Ms. Meyer again , that the AIG employees " are being heavily recruited . "
Does Sorkin think anyone gives a damn ?
In what world do such people live ?
Safely distant from popular sentiment , and from the concerns and anxieties of broad layers of the people .
Sorkin 's defense of the bonuses provoked a flood of largely hostile and caustic responses from Times readers .
A few typical comments :
From a reader in Minnesota : " The truth is , the government ought to be going after many of these employees with criminal fraud charges .
Its pretty obvious they sold more credit default swaps than their company could afford to pay off .
Those were contracts too . "
From Boston : " How can Mr. Sorkin argue that the forced breach of labor contracts ( or the payment of bondholders ) to GM and Chrysler is any different than AIG's ?
This boggles the mind !
" Because at GM this is a matter of negotiation ?
Please !!!
Under the menace of bankruptcy if the negotiated terms are not acceptable to the new bankers , i.e. the US government ?
Is this truly a negotiation ?
With a gun to the forehead ?
At GM and Chrysler there is no negotiation , but the imposition of terms by the government ... just what the government has lacked the fortitude to do at AIG . "
From California : " Mr. Sorkin , what is it that you do n't understand ?
This is not about the government telling business how much their executives can earn .
This is about what happens when a business fails on the basis of its own faults , and then , when graced with a taxpayers ' windfall to help restructure the business , the executives ' first thought is to line their pockets . "
A business and commercial transactions attorney from Ann Arbor , Michigan : " It is particularly ironic that the government calls for the auto companies to cram down the pay of those overpaid autoworkers on Main Street in order to allow GM to qualify for a few paltry billions of bailout money — but when it comes to derivatives traders on Wall Street being rewarded with millions of dollars for playing dice with the global financial system — here , nothing can be done . "
All thinking is social thinking , justice is class justice .
Sorkin is a representative of the American upper middle class : insulated , selfish , arrogant .
He lives and breathes in a world of wealth and privilege , rubbing shoulders daily with the " movers and shakers " of the financial world .
This shapes his impoverished outlook and interests .
Each of his pieces , in one way or another , returns to a central problem : how can this or that situation be turned to financial gain for the social layers he speaks for and embodies ?
Under the present conditions of financial disaster and growing social tension , this is what fuels his animosity toward the autoworkers and the working class as a whole .
Last November 18 , at the time of the bailout crisis , Sorkin lashed out at labor costs in the auto industry , which were " already coming down slightly because of a renegotiated deal with U.A.W. last year , but not nearly enough . "
The Times columnist suggested that " part of the problem is summed up by comments " made by GM worker Kandy O'Neill , who had told the Detroit News , " I think we 've given enough , " about the cuts to her salary and pension plan .
Sorkin then observed , " When you read a line like that you might sympathize with her , but then you realize that nothing can be accomplished without bankruptcy . "
These comments came in the midst of the trillion - dollar bailout of the American corporate elite .
For Sorkin , and others like him , the problem lay not in the insatiable greed of a handful or the evident irrationality of the existing economic system , but in the " unsustainable " living standards of autoworkers .
On the WSWS , Ms. O'Neill , a fifth - generation autoworker from Goodrich , Michigan , answered Sorkin quite forthrightly .
( See " Michigan GM worker answers attack by New York Times columnist " )
On the Charlie Rose program in November , Sorkin sneered that a " bloated " GM was in " the welfare business , " and " the health business " — in other words , that it was bound by contract to provide elementary benefits for its employees .
All of this , he made clear , had to go .
His solution , a month earlier , for a proposed GM - Chrysler merger , " everything that is impolitic ... cut salaries and benefits , and lay off a lot of people , fast . "
Here , in the liberal newspaper of record , is the brutality of the American elite .
The working class will have to develop its own independent socialist program for the crisis every bit as ruthlessly .
Armed police arrest man for ' playfully pointing toy ray - gun at baby '
Police scrambled eight patrol cars filled with armed officers after a man in his 50s pointed a toy ray - gun at a baby and said ' Pow , Pow ' .
The man , who has not yet been named , was arrested earlier today after he approached the baby and its mother with a ' silver ray - gun ' which lights up and makes a buzzing noise when the trigger is pulled .
Onlookers in Hove , East Sussex , were astonished when the police cars sped to the scene to apprehend the man .
A man was arrested by armed police for pointing a toy ray - gun at a baby and saying , ' Pow , Pow ' ( file picture )
Alison Edmonds , 23 , said that she saw the man - who is not believed to be related to the baby and mother - approach the pram holding the toy gun , before jokingly saying ' Pow , pow ' while pressing the trigger repeatedly .
The mother of the child then called police , who sent an armed response team to find and arrest the man , who was waiting for a bus less than a few hundred yards away .
Miss Edwards said : ' It was unbelievable .
All he did was try to make the child laugh , but the mum decided to call the police and obviously told them a man with a gun had threatened her and her baby .
' What happened next was truly astonishing .
I 've never seen anything like it .
These eight cars screamed to a halt and surrounded the poor man at the bus stop .
' They were fully kitted out with machine guns , rifles and everything .
' The man did n't know what was happening .
All he was trying to do was make the baby crack a smile . '
Police seized the man 's toy ray - gun and arrested him on suspicion of possessing an imitation firearm in a public place .
Farooq Tariq
[ Farooq Tariq is a leader of the Labour Party Pakistan .
A representative of the LPP will be attending the World at a Crossroads conference in Sydney , Australia , April 10 - 12 .
For more information , or to book tickets , visit http://www.worldatacrossroads.org.
Below are a collection of some of Farooq 's regular reports on the situation in Pakistan over the past week .
Thanks to Action in Solidarity with Asia and the Pacific for making the reports available ( more are available there ) to Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal . ]
By Peter Boyle and Farooq Tariq
March 16 , 2009 -- Mass resistance to the Peoples Party of Pakistan ( PPP ) government 's attempt to suppress a massive people 's movement for the restoration of deposed Chief Justice Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudry appears to have triumphed after a massive showdown in the streets of Lahore yesterday .
The Zardari government 's backdown followed five days of mass protests , and vicious police repression , around the country which left it increasingly isolated .
The movement focussed on a planned Long March on the capital , Islamabad which was to culminate today in a mass sit-in .
The government 's information minister Sherry Rehman resigned after the government attempted to block transmissions of the Geo News TV channel , which was broadcasting the Long March live .
Several PPP leaders abandoned the the government on this issue and yesterday some police officers tendered their resignation rather than continue to repress the popular movement led by militant lawyers .
Labour Party Pakistan ( LPP ) spokesperson Farooq
Tariq tells the story of one police officer 's brave decision :
" I am underground and safe so far .
The reason is that the top police officer of Lahore , just appointed by PPP regime , is from my home town and a university fellow .
He is Amjad Javed Saleemi deputy inspector general operations Lahore .
I am like his teacher for long time .
He knew about my health .
He came to see me before this incident .
He told me that police will not come to my home but that I was in the A - grade category list of those wanted persons .
" Despite that , I did not trust him and left home .
But so for he has kept his word and police has not come to my place ...
It has just been reported that he has resigned from the police to join the Long March .
Bushra Khaliq general secretary of Women Workers ' Help Line just called me to tell that that when Amjad Saleemi came to Lahore High Court , he was given a hero welcome .
" Amjad Javed told a reporter that when a women is giving birth to a baby at a police barricade because she was stopped , `I can not remain a police officer in silence .
I resigned because of this incident and also to show solidarity with the lawyers movement . '
" Amjad really hated the militarisation of society .
Last time , we met was my brothers sons and daughters marriage ceremony in end of December 2008 .
He came especially to Toba Tek Singh to attend the ceremony with his wife .
He was very critical even at the time .
" Several more police officers are also been reported to have resigned .
" The mass uprising is inflicting cracks in the regime establishment .
There is no other way but to restore the judges . "
The Lahore rebellion
By Farooq Tariq
March 15 , 2009 --
The fight is going on .
The police are sometimes retreating and then come back to use tear gas .
The protesters are also determined to express their right to get together .
The police fired directly at the demonstrators .
One casualty is Shahid Siddique , the newly elected president of Lahore High Bar Association .
Thousands of rounds of tear gas have been fired at the General Post Office Chowk .
Many have been injured .
Leading human rights activist Asma Jehanghir is also been effected badly .
The Labour Party Pakistan ( LPP ) contingent arrived at GPO Chowk at around 1 pm .
It included several women .
Maqsood Mujahid , member the national executive committee LPP told me on phone that all have been effected by the police attacks but all are in high spirits .
When they left the LPP office to go to the main place of demonstration , it was clear to them that they were going to be arrested but they all wanted to go ahead .
Pakistan Muslim League - Nawaz ( PML - N ) leader Mian Nawaz Sharif is on the way to Lahore after breaking all police barriers and thousands are with him .
All the measures and strategies of police have been shattered by mass power .
They could not repeat what they could do in Karachi , Hyderabad and Multan during the last three days .
It seems a total collapse of the state arrangements to stop the rally .
The whole city is coming onto the streets .
The police brutalities of the last few days are coming to an end .
The PPP regime has no option but to accept the demands of restoration of judges .
From Islamabad , I got a call from Nisar Shah , LPP general secretary .
He is now being hunted by the police after he made a successful escape after being arrested along with another comrade .
He was with Javed Hashmi , a leader of Muslim League , who is now also arrested .
Nisar
Shah is hiding in a flat of unknown people who offered him to provide a shelter .
Labour Party Pakistan activists arrested and beaten up
By Farooq Tariq
March 12 , 2009 -- Police in Karachi arrested have three activists of the Labour Party Pakistan ( LPP ) and dozens of lawyers and other political activists were also arrested .
They were part of the long march by the lawrs ' movement , which started this morning from Karachi after police failed to stop it .
The march was stopped outside Karachi at Toll Plaza by police .
All the participants were forcefully turned back and those who resisted were arrested .
The police targeted Nasir Mansoor , the LPP 's national labour secretary and member of national executive committee of LPP .
He was severely beaten up and his car was snatched .
He was shifted to a hospital in an ambulance .
Here , police arrested Shela Rezwan , LPP Sindh committee member , Samina from the People 's Resistance and Sadiq and Khalid of LPP Karachi .
Shela and Samina were released after a few hours but Sadiq and Khalid are still in police custody .
Police also arrested the main leadership of the lawyers ' movement here .
Most of the television channels broadcasted the arrests and the beating of Nasir .
The LPP has announced two protest demonstrations on March 13 against the police repression and arrests .
The Karachi demonstration will be at 3 pm in front of Karachi Press Club and the Lahore demonstration will be held in front of Lahore Press Club at 4 pm .
We request all political and trade unions and social activists to join the demonstration .
* * *
March 11 , 2009 -- The Pakistan Peoples Party ( PPP ) government has imposed section 144 of the Criminal Procedure Code in all districts of Punjab .
This is to stop the proposed long march called by the lawyers ' movement , due to start on March 12 from Quetta and Karachi .
Under section 144 , no protest march or gathering of people at one place would be allowed .
The people arrested during this period could be kept under detention for up to three months .
The electronic media is reporting the lists of the political activists to be arrested or detained by the government .
After just a year in power , the PPP government has decided to use force and repeat what was happening under dictator General Pervez Musharraf .
The Labour Party Pakistan ( LPP ) national executive committee met in Lahore for two days .
It decided to go ahead and participate in the long march and sit - in called by lawyers ' movement , which is demanding the restoration of judges sacked by former president Musharraf .
[ See http://links.org.au/node/926 for more information . ]
The LPP has directed all its members to go on an all - out effort to participate in the lawyers ' movement long march .
The LPP Sindh has planned two buses to join the long march March 12 from Karachi .
The majority of LPP participants are working - class women .
They will join the long march despite all the threats of being arrested .
Here in Lahore , LPP representatives participated in an organising committee meeting called by Lahore High Court Bar Association .
LPP
Punjab will also join the long march from Lahore with two buses .
The long march participants will be welcomed by comrades of the LPP in almost all the major cities on the route of the march .
The LPP Lahore will participate in the March 12 rally of the lawyers .
In Lahore , police made a failed attempt to arrest two main leaders of the LPP late last night .
Police were looking for the house of Azra Shad , chairperson Women Workers Help Line and a member of the national committee of LPP .
In an another attempt , Rana Asharaf , district secretary the LPP Sheikhupura , successfully escaped arrest late last night .
They both will be alongside dozens of others who will participate in the long march despite the police threats .
I have gone underground late last night .
Although , police had not turned up at my home as is the usual case in such circumstances , comrades advised me to go to a safer place .
This was due to my health problems .
I will not be taking part in the long march as I must rest after going through angioplasty .
However , comrades of the LPP will not let anyone feel my absence by their active participation .
Before I left home late last night , I was interviewed by Kawish Television Networks ( KTN ) .
The anchorperson , Manzoor Sheikh , was curious to know what is happening in Punjab .
I told him that it is not a national question .
It is simple question of betrayal by the PPP leadership who happened to be from Sindh .
It seems that the PPP regime is in retreat after being very aggressive in stopping the proposed long march .
They have arrested more than 500 political activists .
The strategy to deal with the opposition is very much the same as was the case under former dictator Musharaf .
" Arrest the activists and not the main leadership " is the theme behind the wholesale arrests .
The Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani told the a gathering that he will speak to president Zaradari tomorrow about the lifting of governor rule in Punjab .
He made vague remarks of the possible new Punjab government .
He also tried to say that he will resolve the issue of the judiciary .
[ Farooq Tariq is spokesperson for the Labour Party Pakistan . ]
Pakistan : Fundamentalists target cricket , state targets democracy activists
By Farooq Tariq
Lahore , March 6 , 2009 --
The attack on Sri Lankan cricket team at Liberty Chouck , Lahore , on March 3 left eight police dead and six Sri Lankan cricket players injured in the attack that lasted 25 minutes .
Watching footage of the attack , it is clear that religious fundamentalists have struck .
There were four of them with hand grenades , rocket launchers , modern rifles and other sophisticated weapons .
The Sri Lankan cricketers were in Lahore for a test match and had already played magnificently for two days at the Gaddafi Stadium .
They were on their way from the hotel to the stadium for the third day when the gunmen fired at their vehicle .
The driver said that the cricketers did not panic but lay down in the van as he sped up to escape the gunfire .
He managed to get the bullet - riddled to the stadium .
Praying for the quick recovery of the injured cricketers , people all over the country have strongly condemned the incident , which many believe is an attempt to further discredit and isolate Pakistan and especially cricket .
The religious fanatics have targeted sports such as soccer and cricket , terming these as evil sports smuggled in from the West .
“ It is promoting Western cultural norms , it must not be allowed ” , was the justification of the Taliban to ban these sports when it governed Afghanistan from 1996 to 2001 .
The agenda of the “ jihadi ” terrorists is clearly not just to enforce what they consider to be an Islamic system , but to overrun and destabilise the state itself .
Pakistanis have suffered under this agenda for many years .
This country , which has been under military rule for more than half its 60 years of existence , has paid a heavy price for the policies of military rulers that civilian governments have been unable to change .
These policies include cultivating “ Islamic warriors ” to fight against the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan during the 1980s , supporting the Taliban in order to create “ strategic depth ” in Afghanistan ( citing the threat of a hostile India on the eastern border ) , and using some of these elements to bleed India in the disputed region of Kashmir .
“ They were our guests , they came to Pakistan when most people were not willing to come ” , said one man in Peshawar on the attack on the Sri Lankan cricket team .
“ It is a blot on humanity ” , said another .
“ We hang our heads in shame . ”
“ As it is , few foreigners come to Pakistan ” , said one woman sadly .
“ Now , no one will come . ”
Another woman said that Pakistan had been pushed back 10 years by this incident .
“ We are a friendly and cricket - loving nation ” , said another passer - by .
“ Now , no cricket team will want to play here . ”
This will be a big blow to Pakistan ’s aspirations to hosting the next World Cup in 2011 .
I was shocked to hear top Lahore police officers saying that there was no security lapse .
In fact , it could have been avoided with proper security measures .
One must see the incident within the context of the political and bureaucratic changes that took place over the last week .
Lahore ’s top police officers were transferred and new people were brought in , mainly to suppress the planned pro-democracy “ long march ” by lawyers , due to begin on March 12 .
Additionally , there has been resistance by Pakistan Muslim League - Nawaz ( PML - N ) supporters to the toppling of the provincial government in Punjab .
Lahore ’s top police officer , a loyalist of the Peoples ’s Party Pakistan ( PPP ) , was just transferred to Lahore from Quetta , Baluchistan .
His main priority was to target the lawyers and other political activists demanding an end to dictatorial measures .
A day before the incident , in a special meeting , the Punjab governor , police officers and top bureaucrats discussed how to stop the proposed lawyers ’ march .
According to media reports about this meeting , they decided on mass arrests .
In those same newspapers there was no hint of any discussion about security for the Sri Lanka team .
They were too busy planning to stop opposition demonstrations and transferring their loyalists to key posts .
Since the Supreme Court decision against Sharif brothers from the PML - N and imposition of rule by the governor in Punjab a week ago , the media has been full of such reports .
I know the place where the attack occurred very well .
From the footage , it seems that the terrorists were running freely and firing .
The presence of a few policemen on the Liberty roundabout would have noticed the presence of these terrorists .
The security measures for the team were routine : A police van in front of the team ’s bus , another in back and an ambulance .
That was it .
Even the Punjab governor would have had more security .
In that situation , the whole area is cordoned off .
One private channel journalist who watched the firing reported that the terrorists first attacked the police from the front .
They even approached the injured police officer and showered him with more bullets .
According to the journalist , the team was saved by the quick action of the bus driver , not by the police .
Had the driver proceeded to cricket stadium , the terrorists would have inflicted more damage .
Instead he went in another direction , minimising the danger .
It seems clear that a serious security lapse occurred .
The police were too busy with other things .
The present Punjab government must accept the responsibility of the security lapse .
The horrific attack in Lahore on the Sri Lankan cricket team on March 3 has shocked and saddened people here , already reeling from the suicide and other attacks that have become the norm .
Our condolences go to the families of those killed and our sympathies are with the Sri Lanka cricket team .
Ultimately , those who suffer the most after such incidents are ordinary people Pakistan , regardless of religion .
[ This article first appeared in Green Left Weekly , issue # 786 , March 11 , 2009 . ]
" Deliverance " is no ordinary computer program .
You run it on a special laptop connected to a vein in your arm .
After a series of questions , the screen offers a last chance to stop .
It says : " If you press YES , you will cause a lethal injection to be given in 30 seconds , and will die .
YES / NO ? "
In Australia this week , future users of the program were anxiously counting the days until the world 's first voluntary suicide law takes effect .
The official date is July 1 , and reports say the sick and dying have already begun migrating toward the town of Darwin , where the Rights of the Terminally Ill Act originated .
Most of the state 's doctors are staying away .
Appalled , the local chapter of the Australian Medical Association , an Aboriginal clergyman and church groups have filed legal challenges against the law .
The territory 's Supreme Court is scheduled to hear the case Monday .
If the court upholds the law , then only Prime Minister John Howard has the power to avert a most grave step with disturbing moral and social implications for his own country and all humankind .
Advocates of doctor - assisted suicide and voluntary euthanasia the world over claim that theirs is the most humane -- and even loving -- approach to the suffering caused by terminal illness .
An approach , they say , that affirms our right to choose when to die , and how to die with dignity .
Opponents regard assisted suicide as an assault on the sanctity of human life .
If the right to suicide is codified , they ask , who will protect the elderly from feeling that they must agree to die to unburden their families ?
What will insulate the sick from the equations of budget cutters fretting about scarce resources ?
On Tuesday , a policy board of the American Medical Association voted firmly to continue its opposition to physician - assisted suicide .
1 . The movie begins with a voiceover , reminding us what happened before and what the movie is about in a pill , transitioning into the Futuristic scenes ...... which end with the shot of the endoskeleton2 .
We then see the terminators arrive in the present .
The villain arrives in a deserted / empty area , encountering one person with a carImmediately after acquiring its car it searches through the available data to find its target ( s ) 3 .
The hero arrives near a bar ..... and draws the attention as he comes in He acquires black leather clothes , and we see him revealed in his getup when he walks out of the bar , with a nice shot sliding from his boots to his face .
4 .
John meets the hero in the hall , not knowing at first if he 's the good or the bad guy5 .
When the terminators fight , John takes the opportunity and runs away ... but the villain knocks the hero down .
The hero gets up to to the surprise of the witnesses6 .
Meanwhile , the villain continues the pursuit in a big truck ... and the hero rushes on his bikeHe catches up and shoots the truck 's tires
He joins John and together they drive away , while the villain 's truck is destroyed ..... much to his dismay7 .
After losing the villain for good , the heroes head down south ..... where during the trip the hero gives all the details and info8 .
They then acquire the weapons that were hidden and stored9 .
The hero ' takes care of the Police ' with a Minigun ...... making sure no one is really hurt10 .
The trio decides to stop the war and attack the company responsible for building Skynet .
They alter their course and go back to attack the company ... but the villain is on their tail11 .
After the hand to hand combat , the villain destroys the hero .... but he then revives ..... and comes back to save the day just in time ...... ending the agonizing villain 's existence
The City of Independence , its police department , and a major ambulance provider in the metro face a lawsuit .
They ’re accused of allowing a teenager , hit by a suspect fleeing police , to bleed to death .
Maybe most disturbing is the comment an officer made on tape .
“ They ’re like roaches , man , ” said the unidentified Independence police officer .
“ They do n’t die . ”
That comment is at the heart of a new lawsuit filed Monday .
Last November , during a police chase , Wilfredo Pujols ran over Christopher Cooper , 17 , who was crossing Noland Road on a bicycle .
Pujuols pled guilty for his role in criminal court .
But Cooper ’s family believes “ a cowboy atmosphere ” within the police department makes them just as liable .
It also claims police and paramedics assumed Cooper was dead at the scene and delayed giving him care .
“ He bled to death because he was not assessed and they did not get the bleeding under control , ” Pickett said .
The father of Christopher Cooper is a regular blogger on Democratic Underground .
He is attempting to bring his son ’s story to the national media ’s attention .
Mr. Cooper is asking everyone to spread the story of his son ’s tragic death .
Hopefully , this post will help in some small way .
My sincerest condolences go out to him and his family .
Here is the link to the local news station report .
Hernan Costante writes in to announce BSDday Argentina 2009 :
BSDday Argentina is a conference for users and developers on BSD based systems .
The conference is for anyone developing , deploying and using systems based on FreeBSD , NetBSD , OpenBSD , DragonFlyBSD and others * BSD .
BSDday Argentina is a technical conference and aims to collect the best technical papers and presentations available to ensure that the latest developments in our open source community are shared with the widest possible audience .
The spread of a preventable infection is the largest Measles outbreak in Burkina Faso in over a decade , according to the World Health
Organization ( WHO ) .
Burkina Faso ’s Health Ministry says this year the number of reported infections is more than ten fold the number of infections from 1997 onward .
It says by the first week of April more than 19,000 infections and 150 deaths had been reported .
A global initiative go combat measles says countries that are able to immunize only 80 % of their population sustain outbreaks about every three to four years .
But countries that are able to immunize 95 % have not reported any outbreaks in recent years .
Summary : More disturbing details about Moonlight are unleashed
ONE OF our regular participants has just taken a close look at Moonlight ’s legalese and published 3 questions about the project .
Watch the image at the bottom .
Yes , it figures .
Moonlight is now being called “ Microsoft Moonlight ” and this is not a joke .
Novell is becoming an attractive takeover target for Microsoft .
“ Users is the key word , ” claims oiaohm .
It “ says nothing about distributions .
Codecs in Moonlight come from Microsoft . ”
“ Moonlight is now being called “ Microsoft Moonlight ” and this is not a joke .
” “ The way the Microsoft covenant reads to me , ” says the author , “ only Novell can distribute Moonlight .
So , if you are non-Novell user , it wo n’t be something that is wrapped up in your distro . ”
“ Unless [ the ] distribution wants to risk hot water or out side where Microsoft rules apply , ” adds oiaohm in an informal IRC conversation .
There is also “ the expectation is that users will get the distro from wherever and then download Moonlight from Novell , ” remarks the author .
Well , guess what ?
Debian Legal has just received the following from Saul Goode , who had taken a look at Moonlight licensing ; it does not seem too good .
Fedora ( Red Hat ) reached the same conclusion after the SFLC had taken a look at the Moonlight licence and did not like what 's in it .
Since the license for the Debian package must “ comply with ” the Ms - PL , its license should necessarily offer the patent grants required in Section 2 ( B ) .
Assuming that a license which complies with the Ms - PL is used — or indeed that the Ms - PL itself used — the question is thus raised , how are patent grants being provided for the MIT / X11 - licensed components of the Debian binary package ?
Without providing such a grant , the package licensing would not meet the terms and conditions of Section 2 ( B ) and fail to “ comply with ” the Ms - PL .
Providing such a grant should demand extra measure be taken with regard to the MIT / X11 - licensed code because the authors of that code were not obligated by its licensing to provide such a grant .
As a final comment , and one more hypothetical in nature , the Ms - PL makes no distinction between derived and collective works and offers no exemption for “ mere aggregation ” ( as does the General Public License ) .
In lieu of such an exception , we are left with relying upon the interpretation of the courts as to what constitutes a derived or collected work of joint authorship under copyright law .
Should a Ms - PL - licensed package be included with a Debian distribution , it may very well be argued that the entire distribution ( a collective work ) must be offered under licensing which “ complies with ” the Ms - PL — any inclusion of code for which there is no patent grant could be construed as infringement of the copyrights of Ms - PLed code ’s author .
While Mark Shuttleworth is asleep at the wheel , Moonlight makes it into Ubuntu ; Mono had already slipped its way into it anyway , thanks to pressure from fans of .
NET .
“ It ’s shocking , ” we ’re told , “ considering de Icaza said publicly you must download Moonlight from Novell ( or else ) . ”
“ But why should other GNU / Linux vendors be foolishly dragged into Novell ’s ( and Microsoft ’s ) trap ?
” Whereas Debian does n’t care about anything legal all that much , Canonical is vulnerable because it is a company and it inflicts great pain upon Microsoft 's profit .
Microsoft does not even need to attack it directly ( either with FUD or with legal action ) and one regular reader of ours thinks that it inevitably will .
All in all , Microsoft hopes that by assimilation it will gain greater legal and technical control over GNU / Linux .
It ’s the same ol ’ embrace , extend , and extinguish ( EEE ) tactic .
It ’s about attracting engineers to . NET / C# ( or clones ) and leading them into the ‘ first class ’ choice which is Microsoft .NET along with Silverlight , Visual Studio , and Windows .
One has to bury one ’s head in the sand in order not to comprehend it .
Earlier on today we wrote about Microsoft's " embrace , extend , and extinguish " against open source .
Well , here is a new comment from the Microsoft Blog in ZDNet , which attracts the pro-Microsoft crowd , naturally :
“ Sounds like one more way to help migrate from linux to Microsoft Windows .
If this is implemented pulling data from a linux server will be that much easier until the server is no longer needed .
I ’m liking this interoperability . ”
So go ahead , Novell .
Do what Microsoft has paid you almost half a billion dollars to achieve .
But why should other GNU / Linux vendors be foolishly dragged into Novell ’s ( and Microsoft ’s ) trap ? █
Share in other sites / networks :
These icons link to social bookmarking sites where readers can share and discover new web pages .
Permalink Send this to a friend
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
When the subject has anything to do with sex , the right in America is the party of moral absolutes .
We know what ’s right , we know what ’s wrong , and even if there ’s a price to pay we ca n’t shirk our responsibility to set a proper example and do the right thing .
But when the subject is torture , suddenly it ’s all about carefully weighing the costs and benefits .
Having an honest debate about how far we should go to protect ourselves .
Understanding the context of what happened .
It ’s just not possible to flatly say that waterboarding and sleep deprivation and stress positions are barbarisms unfit for use by a civilized country .
It ’s much more complex than that .
Funny how that works , is n’t it ?
If you 're new here , you may want to subscribe to my RSS feed .
Thanks for visiting !
Many of you are no doubt aware of the infamous and libelous Big Love TV episode that is supposed to air on HBO this March 15th .
But for those who are n’t , the producers and writers of the show have reached a new level of disrespect in attempting to profane the LDS temple ordinances on public television , and to make a mockery of the Church .
According to executive producer Mark Olsen , “ We researched it out the wazoo . . .
We go into the endowment room and the celestial room . . . and we present what happens in those ceremonies .
That ’s never been shown on television before . ”
Then Olsen has the audacity to add , “ But it ’s not for shock value .
It ’s really a very important part of the story . ”
Of course , those that read these statements will easily find Olsen ’s words more than contradictory — it ’s never been shown on television before , but it ’s not for shock value .
Anyone that is excited about showing something on television that ’s “ never been shown before , ” particularly when that thing is held exceptionally sacred by a large group of people , is doing it for shock value .
It ’s the very same reason that the media continues to push the envelope in how explicit sex , violence , and horror is portrayed .
They have to show something new to keep the audience hooked , something that pushes beyond the limits of what has been shown before , regardless of the impact it may have on those whose values and morals are higher than theirs .
It would be untrue to say I am not deeply disappointed in all of the people involved with Big Love , that they would be so insensitive and disrespectful to the LDS Church and its members as to attempt something like this which they know is offensive to us .
But that is what the show has increasingly been about .
Its producers and writers , who hired an “ ex - Mormon consultant ” for this episode , clearly have a vindictive attitude towards the Church , making it out to be something it is not , and perpetuating misconceptions such as Mormons as polygamists .
Now they want to go all the way in attempting to desecrate our most sacred worship practices .
But , to be honest , people have attempted to profane the temple before .
The ordinances have been scripted online .
Videos of supposed recreations have been posted .
All of these things have been made available to the public , and we will surely see much worse attempts in the future .
Undoubtedly , it does n’t make it right in the least measure .
But has it profaned the temple ?
No .
The temple continues to provide a place of peace and security for the Saints , a house of revelation and prayer where the Holy Spirit resides , a sanctuary where solemn covenants with God are made and sealed , a temple where the most exalting blessings of the Atonement of Jesus Christ are found .
Br. Randy Bott , an excellent BYU religion professor I once took a class from , made this very clear to me .
There will be many people who will attempt to defame the temple , and our sacred worship , but all of it is in vain .
The Prophet Joseph Smith once boldly prophesied :
Our missionaries are going forth to different nations . . . the Standard of Truth has been erected ; no unhallowed hand can stop the work from progressing ; persecutions may rage , mobs may combine , armies may assemble , calumny may defame , but the truth of God will go forth boldly , nobly , and independent , till it has penetrated every continent , visited every clime , swept every country , and sounded in every ear , till the purposes of God shall be accomplished , and the Great Jehovah shall say the work is done .
( ( History of the Church 4:540 ) )
The only people that such defamation hurts are those that break the solemn covenants they ’ve made with God , and all for filthy lucre .
They made promises in the presence of God , angels , and witnesses , and they will be held accountable for their actions , in addition to shattering their integrity and honesty among their fellow men .
Who will sell their promises for money ?
And those that have not been members of the Church and do these things still know better than to shame and belittle the sacred practices of a major world - wide religion .
The irony is that what these people are attempting to do will backfire on them in the end .
President Brigham
Young once rightly declared :
Every time you kick ‘ Mormonism ’ you kick it upstairs ; you never kick it downstairs .
The Lord Almighty so orders it . . .
Every time they persecute and try to overcome this people , they elevate us , weaken their own hands , and strengthen the hands and arms of this people .
And every time they undertake to lessen our number , they increase it .
And when they try to destroy the faith and virtue of this people , the Lord strengthens the feeble knees , and confirms the wavering in faith and power in God , in light , and intelligence .
Righteousness and power with God increase in this people in proportion as the Devil struggles to destroy it .
. . .
Let us alone , and we will send Elders to the uttermost parts of the Earth , and gather out Israel , wherever they are ; and if you persecute us , we will do it the quicker , because we are naturally dull when let alone , and are disposed to take a little sleep , a little slumber , and a little rest .
If you let us alone , we will do it a little more leisurely ; but if you persecute us , we will sit up nights to preach the Gospel .
( ( Discourses of Brigham Young , 351 ) )
I am not worried about this show .
Do what they may , the work will roll on , mightier and faster than ever .
I ’ve also learned this great teaching from Br. Bott , that when the sacred things of the temple are displayed outside of that sacred context and divinely ordained environment , they take on a entirely different and foreign meaning to whomever they come in contact with .
Outside the temple they are no longer sacred , they are no longer exalting .
There is no priesthood where those things will be displayed , so there is no power .
They do n’t have the same meaning as they do to us when we are in a dedicated house of the Lord , so they will be misunderstood .
They become just words and fabrics .
They will be mocked and ridiculed and laughed at , but probably ignored by most , and they will always get it wrong .
This is the difference between the sacred and the profane .
The Apostle Paul once gave this as a sign of true disciples of Christ , “ Yea , and all that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution ” ( 2 Tim. 3:12 ) .
Members of the Church should not get angry at these individuals , write bitter mail , or make a scene , as much as it is deeply disheartening to see this happen .
That is precisely what they are looking for .
If you pay attention to a temper tantrum , it will only provoke more of the same .
Let ’s make this an opportunity to share the gospel even more , and the blessings that are to be found in the temple , the blessings promised to prophets of old restored again .
Let ’s be comforted in the fact that we have a living prophet today , that the living gospel of Jesus Christ has been restored to the earth , that the authority of the priesthood is in our hands , and that the temple provides us a place on earth where we may commune with our Heavenly Father , and ultimately be in His presence .
Nothing can take that away from us .
President Joseph F. Smith once taught :
Let it be the aim of he Saints to cultivate the spirit of generosity and good will , such as was exemplified in the life of Christ , and proclaimed when the angels heralded abroad the message : ‘ Peace on earth , to men good will , ’ and which has been reiterated in the modern restoration of the gospel .
(( Gospel Doctrine , p. 112 ) )
See the Church ’s response to this issue at the LDS Newsroom ’s article “ The Publicity Dilemma . ”
If you are a student who wants to speak out about the education system , your school or just being a student in NYC , send an email with your name , school , and comments to NYCStudentsBlog@gmail.com .
We might even put it on our Blog !
AIG is much in the news these days .
But I ’m not sure , even now , if people are getting the ultimate message .
AIG is in trouble because it wrote many credit default swaps , in effect guaranteeing others against losses it lacked the resources to cover .
We , the taxpayers , are now covering those losses , for fear that not doing so would cause a financial catastrophe .
But this means that US taxpayers have now assumed the downside risks for all of AIG ’s counterparties .
In effect , then , we ’ve already nationalized a large part of the financial industry ’s potential losses .
So at the very least , we have a right to know who the counterparties are : who are we subsidizing , here ?
And beyond that , should n’t there be some quid pro quo ?
Should n’t the US government get something in return for taking on so much of the risk ?
Technology.am ( Apr. 16 , 2009 ) — David French is the man whom the world will have to remember forever , if a comet or asteroid comes hurtling toward Earth , he might be the guy responsible for saving the entire planet .
French , a doctoral candidate in aerospace engineering at North Carolina State University , has devised a way to effectively divert asteroids and other threatening objects from impacting Earth by attaching a long tether and ballast to the incoming object .
By attaching the ballast , French explains , “ you change the object ’s center of mass , effectively changing the object ’s orbit and allowing it to pass by the Earth , rather than impacting it . ”
Sound far - fetched ?
NASA ’s Near Earth Object Program has identified more than 1,000 “ potentially hazardous asteroids ” and they are finding more all the time .
“ While none of these objects is currently projected to hit Earth in the near future , slight changes in the orbits of these bodies , which could be caused by the gravitational pull of other objects , push from the solar wind , or some other effect could cause an intersection , ” French explains .
So French , and NC State Associate Professor of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering Andre Mazzoleni , studied whether an asteroid - tether - ballast system could effectively alter the motion of an asteroid to ensure it missed hitting Earth .
The answer ?
Yes .
“ The Earth has been hit by objects from space many times before , so we know how bad the effects could be .
For example , about 65 million years ago , a very large asteroid is thought to have hit the Earth in the southern Gulf of Mexico , wiping out the dinosaurs .
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
Socials are meetings where there are some hundreds women and some tens men for the purpose of dating and the further development of more serious relations .
In photos Russian beauties from the various countries appear .
On what only there is no girl for the sake of money ...
ABOUT Left 4 Dead + Mics
A group for L4 Ders with Microphones .
The main point of this group is so that players with microphones who do n't like playing with those without can find games all will enjoy .
How , you say ?
1. Someone in this group wants to play Left 4 Dead !
2 . It looks like some people in L4D + Mics are online !
3 . The person who wants to play schedules an event !
4 . After that , the person joins the chatroom and others who want to join the game enter group chat as well .
4. People join , and fun is had by all !
A happy ending indeed !
( An extra note for griefers and people without mics : If 3 + users report you , you 're kicked from the group . )
Event format :
Game Type :
Map :
Difficulty :
Extra Notes :
Reports in Congressional Quarterly and the New York Times indicate that a National Security Agency ( NSA ) wiretap authorized by the FISA Court recorded Rep. Jane Harman trading political favors with a suspected Israeli agent .
When the FBI attempted to open a criminal investigation into the matter , Attorney General Gonzales allegedly intervened because he " ' needed Jane ' to help support the administration 's warrantless wiretapping program . "
Here was EFF 's initial reaction to the scandal , as reported by ABC News :
The San Francisco - based Electronic Frontier Foundation , which has been fighting legal battles against the Bush administration and now the Obama administration related to NSA wiretapping , called the story " a textbook case of political abuse of surveillance powers , but in reverse . "
Instead of the Bush administration spying on its enemies for political ends , " this is an instance of them directing surveillance away from their allies for political ends , " observed EFF 's Kevin Bankston .
" What other insider deals it may have struck to gather support for its policies ?
What other political allies has it protected against criminal or intelligence investigations for political reasons ? " he asked .
" This raises serious questions about how the Bush administration conducted itself . "
Now , in the wake of the scandal , Rep. Harman has pulled an abrupt about - face in her position on NSA wiretapping .
Speaking to MSNBC this morning she said :
I 'm just very disappointed that my country — I 'm an American citizen just like you are — could have permitted what I think is a gross abuse of power in recent years .
I 'm one member of Congress who may be caught up in it , but I have a bully pulpit , and I can fight back .
I 'm thinking about others who have no bully pulpit , and may not be aware — as I was not — that right now , somewhere , someone 's listening in on their conversations , and they 're innocent Americans .
This is a real change of tune for Rep. Harman .
Over the past few years , she has been one of the warrantless wiretapping program 's most relentless cheerleaders .
Yesterday , Glenn Greenwald aptly summarized her efforts :
So , when countless ordinary Americans are being wiretapped without warrants , Harman declares the program " both necessary and legal . "
But when Harman herself is victim to a court - approved wiretap , she decides it 's " a gross abuse of power " ?
You can draw your own conclusions , but to us this seems the height of hypocrisy .
These latest revelations shed new light on the underhanded tactics that the Bush Administration was willing to employ to conceal its illegal spying operation and protect it from oversight .
It raises serious questions about what other efforts the Bush Administration undertook to shore up Congressional support for its illegal warrantless wiretapping program .
This is yet another demonstration of why Congress must strengthen its oversight of the NSA ’s spying operations and reconsider the broad expansions to the government ’s surveillance authority that it passed last summer as part of the FISA Amendments Act .
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Tuesday , April 14 , 2009 Tuesday , April 14 , 2009
The senior counsel to the 9/11 Commission – John Farmer – says that the government agreed not to tell the truth about 9/11 , echoing the assertions of fellow 9/11 Commission members who concluded that the Pentagon were engaged in deliberate deception about their response to the attack .
Farmer served as Senior Counsel to the 9/11 Commission ( officially known as the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States ) , and is also a former New Jersey Attorney General .
John Farmer
Farmer ’s book about his experiences working for the Commission is entitled The Ground Truth : The Story Behind America ’s Defense on 9/11 , and is set to be released tomorrow .
The book unveils how “ the public had been seriously misled about what occurred during the morning of the attacks , ” and Farmer himself states that “ at some level of the government , at some point in time … there was an agreement not to tell the truth about what happened . ”
Only the very naive would dispute that an agreement not to tell the truth is an agreement to lie .
Farmer ’s contention is that the government agreed to create a phony official version of events to cover - up the real story behind 9/11 .
The publisher of the book , Houghton Mifflin Harcourt , states that , “ Farmer builds the inescapably convincing case that the official version not only is almost entirely untrue but serves to create a false impression of order and security . ”
[ efoods ]
In August 2006 , the Washington Post reported , “ Some staff members and commissioners of the Sept. 11 panel concluded that the Pentagon ’s initial story of how it reacted to the 2001 terrorist attacks may have been part of a deliberate effort to mislead the commission and the public rather than a reflection of the fog of events on that day , according to sources involved in the debate . ”
The report revealed how the 10 - member commission deeply suspected deception to the point where they considered referring the matter to the Justice Department for criminal investigation .
“ We to this day do n’t know why NORAD [ the North American Aerospace Command ] told us what they told us , ” said Thomas H. Kean , the former New Jersey Republican governor who led the commission .
“ It was just so far from the truth .
. . .
It ’s one of those loose ends that never got tied . ”
Farmer himself is quoted in the Post article , stating , “ I was shocked at how different the truth was from the way it was described ….
The [ Norad air defense ] tapes told a radically different story from what had been told to us and the public for two years … .
This is not spin .
This is not true . ”
As we also reported in August 2006 , released portions of NORAD tapes from 9/11 , which were featured in a Vanity Fair article , do little to answer skeptic ’s questions about the impotence of U.S. air defenses on 9/11 and if anything only increase focus on the incompatibility of the official version of events with what is actually known to have taken place on that day .
Make no mistake , Farmer is not saying that 9/11 was an inside job , however , Farmer ’s testimony , along with that of his fellow 9/11 Commission members , conclusively demonstrates that , whatever really happened on 9/11 , the official story as told to the public on the day and that which remains the authorities ’ version of events today , is a lie – according to the very people who were tasked by the government to investigate it .
This is a fact that no debunker or government apologist can ever legitimately deny .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
I was deeply offended by something on the BBC recently .
It was n't Clare Balding laying into a jockey 's teeth , but this time with a cricket bat , or Frankie Boyle 's 10 best jokes about the Queen 's genitals , or even a repeat of Diana 's funeral with an added laugh track .
No , it was a new low .
It was Hazel Blears , the communities secretary , eliciting a round of applause on Any Questions for suggesting that Jonathan Ross and Russell Brand should pay the BBC's " Sachsgate " Ofcom fine .
The rest of the panel bravely agreed with her .
" Well , you would be offended by that ! " you may be thinking .
" You work in television and radio .
I do n't suppose you like the idea of having to foot the bill if something you say appals the nation ! "
That 's true , but we live in the era of the subjective offendee and my complaint is just as valid as those made about jokes involving dead dogs by viewers who say their dog has recently died .
As an insider , I can tell you that such opinions are deferred to by the post - Sachsgate BBC .
Everything is scrutinised for potential offence by jumpy " compliance " staff who endure no professional setback if the comedy output ceases to be funny .
They have the right to do this because they 're ultimately responsible for what 's broadcast - their organisation pays the Ofcom fine .
But it strikes me that , if I 'm going to have to pay the fine , they no longer have the right to censor the content .
And it 's all academic anyway ; if things continue as they are , TV comedies will only ever get fined for blandness .
Let me try to fake some objectivity and seriously address Blears 's suggestion , which has since been reiterated by Jack Straw and Tessa Jowell .
She says it 's unjust that the fine comes out of the licence fee , paid for by everyone , so instead the wrongdoers should pay .
There are only four problems I can instantly think of with this .
First , this idea of a net cost to the licence fee payer is nonsense ; Ross was suspended for three months , saving the BBC £ 1.5 m , and Brand resigned , saving it £ 200,000 a year .
So the licence fee payer is well up on the deal and Ross and Brand have each taken a greater hit than the corporation will .
Second , Blears defines the wrong - doers as only Ross and Brand and gives the BBC 's producers and executives no share of the blame .
This is grossly unfair .
The offending segment was pre-recorded .
As a sick comedian myself , I genuinely understand how they could improvise something that offensive in that context .
But I cannot understand why the station chose to broadcast it .
So the then channel controller , among others , is at least as much at fault .
But she 's not as rich , so suggesting she pays a massive fine is a less applausey route for Blears to take .
Third , Blears says that regulators ' fines are supposed to hurt those responsible and that , in this instance , there was " no sense they 're going to be hurt " .
I do n't know whether the fine will hurt the BBC or whether it would particularly hurt Brand and Ross if they paid it , but how can she possibly think that the fallout from the whole business has n't hurt that institution and those men ?
Barely a day goes by when the press does n't pillory them as a result and the announcement of this fine has given it another splendid opportunity , as have Blears 's remarks .
Far from the arrogant , unaccountable elite that it 's portrayed as , the BBC is now a quivering shell , rattling with neurotics .
The only truth in her statement is that even losing £ 150,000 could barely make it more miserable .
And fourth , the law requires that the BBC pay the fine rather than individuals .
This is not a law that Blears , Straw or Jowell has ever queried before .
But they 're willing to come out against it for a short - term popularity boost for a beleaguered government - for an egg - cup sized bailer on the Titanic , for one round of applause .
That 's what I really despise : the political opportunism .
How long do these ministers imagine the friendships in the rabblerousing tabloids that they are so buying will last ?
And the price is high ; they 're supporting a campaign to associate the BBC , its comedians and producers - my whole profession - with all that is offensive , smug and self - serving ; to encourage millions who are justifiably angry or afraid , who imagine a mugger in every hoodie , who fear for their jobs and houses or have lost both , to associate the causes of that fear and anger with entertainment and , of all things , the BBC .
The BBC is an institution of genius , one of the great achievements of the 20th century .
It 's famed for its news reporting , drama , comedy and documentaries ; it provides the best radio stations and website on Earth .
But there is a plot to destroy it ; a plot to which Ross and Brand 's childish remarks gave an unwitting but enormous boost ; a plot led by people who say they support the BBC but not the licence fee , by people who find the word " fuck " more offensive than Holocaust denial .
By its competitors .
The newspapers that take every opportunity to knock the corporation do so because they 're in the same market and the BBC is the market leader .
They can't dominate that market while the BBC exists in its current form because what they provide is so risibly inferior - the licence fee costs less than a daily tabloid newspaper .
So they lobby for its destruction and whinge about the profit made by its commercial arm , BBC Worldwide , neglecting to mention how much money that saves the licence fee payer .
Without the BBC , they 'd make more money , even if the whole nation would be left comparatively uneducated , unentertained and uninformed .
Their argument is the moral equivalent of private hospitals campaigning against the existence of the NHS .
And last week , three members of a Labour government joined in .
I do n't think that those ministers really want to damage or destroy the BBC , but they 're willing to risk it on the outside chance of saving their political skins .
I , for one , find that very difficult to forgive .
But then I 'm easily offended .
Enlarge By Nati Harnik , AP Army recruiter Staff Sgt. Roderick Brown talks to an unidentified person at a job fair in Omaha on Tuesday .
The jobless rate for veterans who served in Iraq and Afghanistan and who are 18 and older rose 4 % in the past year .
WASHINGTON 
The economic downturn is hitting Iraq and Afghanistan veterans harder than other workers — one in nine are now out of work — and may be encouraging some troops to remain in the service , according to Labor Department records and military officials .
The 11.2 % jobless rate for veterans who served in Iraq and Afghanistan and who are 18 and older rose 4 percentage points in the past year .
That 's significantly higher than the corresponding 8.8 % rate for non-veterans in the same age group , says Labor Department economist Jim Walker .
Army records show the service has hit 152 % of its re-enlistment goal this year .
" Obviously the economy plays a big role in people 's decisions , " says Lt. Col.
Christopher Garver , an Army spokesman .
Some soldiers are re-enlisting specifically because of the poor civilian job market , says Sgt. 1st Class Julius Kelley , a career counselor at Fort Campbell , Ky .
" It 's job security ( in the Army ) , and I try to sell that all the time , " he says .
" You do n't have to worry about getting laid off in the Army . "
The market is tough outside the Army .
Unemployment among the youngest of Iraq and Afghanistan veterans , those ages 20 to 24 , reached 15 % in February , records show .
That compares with 13.8 % for the same age group of non-veterans .
Some government jobs offer preference to veterans by giving them extra points on civil service exams .
However , there is no evidence this is having much effect on unemployment .
The $ 787 billion economic stimulus law enacted last month includes a $ 2,400 - per- person tax credit for employers who hire unemployed veterans in 2009 and 2010 .
In addition , the Labor Department operates career centers that provide priority service for veterans and the HireVets First website , says Peggy Abrahamson , a Labor Department spokeswoman .
Young veterans , Walker says , often have trouble " translating their military skills into skills on their résumé that employers recognized . "
The total number of unemployed veterans of the two wars — about 170,000 — is about the same as the number of U.S. troops deployed to those wars .
Iraq and Afghanistan veterans enter the workforce at a disadvantage , says Justin Brown , a Veterans of Foreign Wars specialist in veterans ' economic issues .
" If you served in the military , you 're disconnected from the civilian workforce , you do n't have contacts that a civilian person has , " he says .
The least the country can do , Brown says , is help veterans find jobs so " they come home and they 're not living in the streets , unemployed , homeless or in bankruptcy . "
Robert Pearson , 23 , of Minneapolis , is a former paratrooper who served in Afghanistan .
He says it 's hard to find work as a human resources manager in order to use the skills he learned managing soldiers as a combat team leader .
He says he was shocked when a job - placement worker told him that some employers consider a military record almost like having " a felony . "
" People just frown upon us nowadays , thinking we 're all flying - off - the - handle crazy guys , " says Pearson , who has a bachelor 's degree in business management .
" They do n't even give us a chance . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Battle for Wesnoth 1.6 Release Notes
March 22 , 2009 .
Once again it 's time for that epoch - making event , a Wesnoth stable release .
The Battle for Wesnoth team is proud to release version 1.6 of The Battle for Wesnoth , a Free , turn - based strategy game with a fantasy theme and roleplaying elements .
The game is available for download now for Windows , Mac OS X and various GNU / Linux distributions .
What 's New in Wesnoth 1.6
We have many new features for your enjoyment this time around , including a new mainline campaign , two new multiplayer scenarios and another refresh of the user interface .
For Players
Campaigns
There is a new mainline campaign , The Legend of Wesmere , with new gameplay features including ( in one scenario ) the ability to use the game AI as your commander for an allied side , setting its objectives as you like .
Search for this hidden feature by right - clicking on your allied commanders during scenario 7 .
This campaign was imported from the Wesnoth - UMC - Dev project , where it spent a few months being adapted for mainline .
Almost all mainline campaigns now use a different method of carrying over gold from scenario to scenario : the amount of gold retained is now 40 % instead of 80 % , but it is added to the minimum starting gold of the next scenario instead of only replacing it if higher .
Many mainline campaigns have improved storyline prose and new cutscenes or epilogs .
Several have improved and redrawn campaign maps .
All now have dates in the Wesnoth history timeline , and almost all have journey animations on their campaign maps .
The history and geography of Wesnoth have been developed in more depth and detail :
More campaigns now include references to events in the overall history , adding depth and richness to the narration .
Multiplayer
The multiplayer server can now be logged onto using the username and password of a Wesnoth forum account .
However , registration is not required and one can continue to use an unregistered username .
The multiplayer lobby has been improved to allow easier management of the friends and ignores list by double - clicking on the player list .
Notable changes to default era balancing include :
Increased the cost of the Goblin Spearman from 8 to 9 .
Increased the movement of the Goblin Spearman line from 4 to 5 .
Increased the melee attack of the Goblin Spearman from 4 - 3 to 6 - 3 .
Added the traits weak , slow and dim and made goblins each receive one of them instead of two standard traits .
Added the marksman special to the ranged attack of the Orcish Assassin line .
Increased the cost of the Walking Corpse from 7 to 8 .
Decreased the cost of the Bowman from 15 to 14 .
Decreased the melee attack of the Bowman from 6 - 2 to 4 - 2 .
General
The game graphics have been improved with a whole new range of unit portraits .
Many more units have full animations and team coloring .
There is a new basic terrain type , coastal reef , which gives most land - based units slightly higher defense than in regular shallow water , and 70 % defense to most water - based units such as mermen and nagas .
Forests get more variety with graphics for spring / summer , fall and winter deciduous forest terrains .
There are new village graphics for human cities and primitive tribal areas .
Our composers have added five new original background tracks : Heroes ' Rite , Siege of Laurelmor , Suspense , The Dangerous Symphony and The Deep Path .
Also , the game now plays special music clips for victory and defeat events .
The game interface has continued to evolve , especially in making more dramatic use of portraits .
Unit recall dialogs now display useful information about your veterans ' traits .
Add - ons now display their category when you browse them on the download server .
New game translations include Arabic , Croatian , Friulian , Latvian , Macedonian and Marathi .
Existing translations have been extensively updated and revised .
For Content Developers
The map editor was much improved ( thank you , Google Summer of Code ) .
It can be started from within the game now .
You can toggle overlay displays of terrain codes and map coordinates while editing .
The editor can handle multiple maps in a session , and you can take screenshots of full maps .
There 's also a new interactive editing tool for animated journey tracks .
There are some new core units available everywhere : Troll Shaman , Royal Warrior and Dread Bat .
Less visible changes include improvements in the game AI , including a new formula - based AI that allows more flexible setting of objectives and an improved pathfinding algorithm .
As usual , WML has grown more powerful with many new tags and attributes to extend the range of what campaign authors can do .
The GUI engine is under heavy development ; these changes will allow the entire GUI to be configured from WML .
The first steps have been made , but the project is not finished yet and will continue in the 1.7 development cycle .
The support for writing Python AIs has been removed because the feature opened a serious security hole .
However , we hope to build an even more powerful AI - scripting feature , possibly using a different and safer extension language , in 1.7 .
Download
Battle for Wesnoth is made available under the GNU General Public License ( GPL ) .
Source code is available from wesnoth.org where you will also find instructions for building from source on a range of different operating systems .
Ready - to - go packages are also available for most popular operating systems , including Linux and Windows and Mac OS X .
You can get up to date information about downloads at the downloads page .
If you downloaded previous versions of the game , you might be interested in downloading the xdelta files only .
More Info
Redmond , WA - Microsoft announced today that they would be starting a new cable network called Xbox TV that would be dedicated to simulcasting game footage of people playing the Xbox 360 .
The station would launch on cable networks around the country this summer .
A new update to Xbox Live would allow Microsoft to grab streams from players and rebroadcast them on the new network .
Players will have to install the mandatory update , and agree to the new terms of service or their Xbox Live accounts will be canceled .
Xbox players will earn Xbox Live credit if their stream is chosen to be broadcast .
A group of interns will monitor the streams of players from around the country and choose the most entertaining feeds for broadcast on the network .
It could be someone shredding the chords on " Through the Fire and Flames " on expert setting on Guitar hero , or epic battles in Halo 3 .
Microsoft representative Jeff Parker said , " We looked at the number of views for video game videos on YouTube and other sites .
They 're huge .
People like watching other people playing video games , and now we have a way to monetize it .
It 's a win -win situation for everyone involved .
We get cheap content that we can charge big bucks for , and players get a chance to be on TV . "
Parker said the company expects popular games like Guitar Hero : World Tour , Call of Duty and the games in the Halo franchise to be the most often simulcasted games on the network .
Related News Get Ready to Xbox- ercise with Xbox aLive Xbox Featurs Active Death Technology Xbox Bundles Preview
He also said the station should be profitable from the start .
" We 've got almost zero cost for content , heck , it 'll probably increase Xbox Live subscriptions .
The demographic of the audience will be superb for advertisers .
These are people that want video games , Doritos , Mountain Dew .
It 's a no- brainer , " said Parker .
The announcement excited avid video game watchers .
Aaron Stevens from Madison , Wisconsin said , " I 'm not very good at video games , so I spend most of my time watching my friends play .
But , they can't play all the time , now I can watch whenever I want to . "
The move by Microsoft , if successful , could prompt Nintendo and Sony to follow suit with their own networks .
Shares of Microsoft were up on the news .
Story Options : Related Share Print
Buying Microsoft Points on Xbox Live can be a frustrating experience .
You can get $ 6.25 worth , or $ 12.50 worth , or even $ 25 and $ 62.50 worth ... but you can never buy as many as you need for a $ 5 game .
That means you 're always left with points left over , which means you buy more points to buy more games to still have overlap .
Today , Amazon has launched a new service allowing you to buy Xbox Live Arcade games from it .
The big news ?
The games are sold for their actual cost .
It 's live right now .
You can buy a $ 10 game for $ 10 .
You do n't have to worry about points , or how many points to pick up — you simply buy the game .
Amazon then gives you a code to download the game , or to give to a friend .
After that , you download the game as usual .
It 's still convenient , since you can buy from your home ; the only difference is the whole garbage aspect of Microsoft points has been thrown out the window .
No more buying points you do n't need , no more converting points to cash — you just pay the dollar amount .
It 's liberating !
I 'm interested in your response : is this a service you think you 'll use , or am I making too big of a deal of the points issue ?
One interesting fact in this weekäs U.S. monetary reports is that even as money supply increases , bank credit is contracting .
While M2 in the week to February 16 is up 1.55 % compared to the monthly average in December and while MZM is up 2.7 % during that period , Bank Credit is down 1.8 % in the week to February 18 compared to the monthly average in December .
Those changes might seem small , they are in fact large considering how we are only talking about roughly 2 months .
Given how money creation these days is processed mainly through the banking system , it might appear puzzling that bank credit could contract even as money supply increases .
One possible explanation would be that it reflects increased printing of paper and metal money , also known as cash or currency in circulation .
But while currency in circulation has indeed increased rapidly , 2.7 % , but as it was only about a tenth of these aggregates to begin with , that is nowhere near enough to explain it .
Another explanation would be that money creation has occurred outside bankbalance sheets , through money markets .
But while big increases in holdings of Institutional money funds explain some of the strong MZM growth , that is not enough either .
So , to find out the main explanation you have to look more closely at the different items of the bank balance sheets .
As it turns out , it is 3 items that can explain the above apparent discrepancy .
First of all , while deposits included in M2 and MZM is increasing , large time deposits ( which is not included in either , but was included in the now discontinued M3 statistics ) have declined in value by almost $ 50 billion .
Secondly , " net due to related foreign offices " ( borrowings from foreign offices ) is down $ 145 billion .
That number increased dramatically during 2008 , but has now started to shrink .
The third item that is shrinking on the liability side is " other liabilities " .
It is not immediately apparent just what that is supposed to mean , but if you scroll down , you can see that it means mostly " Derivatives with a negative fair value " , meaning losses on derivatives that banks hold .
That too increased sharply during 2008 , only to fall in recent weeks .
The first factor simply reflects decreased customer preference for large time deposits relative to other accounts .
The two latter factors reflects that while people are depositing more , banks at this point prefer to ( or are forced to ) use those funds to pay off debts to foreign offices and settle the implicit liabilities in these derivative contracts instead of lending more money .
Always .
There are no exceptions .
How the marketing execs at Old Navy missed that memo is completely beyond me .
Seriously .
There was a Twilight Zone episode .
It had Anne Francis in it and everything .
And to make matters worse , they put mannequins in the stores that look like the ones in the commercials .
Really ?
How is that a good idea ?
I wo n’t set foot in an Old Navy until they ’re removed .
Shopping there is stressful enough without having to constantly look over my shoulder for fear a demonic talking mannequin is going to bludgeon me to death with its own disarticulated arm .
I just do n’t need that right now .
The number of Americans age 65 or older has increased ten told in the last century and the elderly are living longer .
In 1900 there were about 3.1 million people over the age of 65 in the USA .
Today there are more than 35 million retirees and this figure is expected to leap to 70 million by the year 2030 .
In 1900 , 65 - year olds could expect to live another 12 years .
Today they can expect to live an additional 18 years .
1
There are even an estimated 35,000 centenarians living in the USA today .
But these achievements in longevity have only whetted the appetite of humans to reach for even greater prolongation of human life .
Yet , while Americans are living longer , the maximum human life span has n’t budged .
Throughout history females have outlived males .
The difference is about five to eight years on average .
Some females living in the same environment and eating the same diet as their spouse will outlive their husbands by a couple of decades .
Those who pursue anti-aging technologies often overlook this important point .
Estrogen effect is small
The idea that estrogen is reponsible for the increased longevity of females has served as a distraction .
The majority of the life extension attributed to estrogen , about 2.3 years , occurs only among women with coronary artery disease who take hormones .
Estrogen replacement therapy only adds about 0.3 years of additional life if for healthy women if begun at age 50 years .
2
Furthermore , the decreased mortality rates with the use of replacement hormones appears to wear off over time .
3
Women control iron , and live longer
Women live longer because they are better designed to withstand the rigors of life .
Women , being the baby carriers of the species , must be protected from disease for human life to skirt extinction .
Women better control iron in their bodies and thus outlast men .
During the growing years both males and females require iron to produce hemoglobin for the production of red blood cells .
Because the human body is growing rapidly during youth and more blood volume is needed , there is little danger of iron overload .
But once full growth has been achieved , around age 18 , the demand for iron is relaxed and about one excess milligram of iron per day of life accumulates thereafter in the body .
But at this point females avoid iron overload by virtue of their monthly menstrual cycle .
About 80 percent of the iron stores in the body are in the red blood cells and females will lose about 30 - 60 milligrams of iron with the monthly cycle .
On the other hand , males have no direct route for the disposal of excess iron and by the age of 40 have as much iron as a 70 - year old female , about 5000 - 7000 milligrams of excess stored iron .
A 40 - year old male will have twice the iron load as a female and will experience twice the rate of diabetes , cancer , heart disease and infections .
Bacteria , viruses and fungi all utilize iron as a primary growth factor , so lower iron levels in females protect them from infection .
4
Females who have undergone early hysterectomy or who have entered menopause lose their control of iron and begin to experience the same rate of disease as males .
Females at age 45 have an advantage of about 5 - 8 more remaining years of life than males .
But at age 80 this advantage shrinks to just two years .
This is because now both sexes have lost any direct outlet for iron .
Blood loss is a method of controlling stored iron levels .
For example , full - grown males , or females who no longer control iron via monthly blood loss , but who regularly donate blood are healthier .
Even blood letting , practiced long ago , is returning to conventional medicine to treat Alzheimer ’s disease , Parkinson ’s disease , cancer and diabetes .
Blood - sucking leaches could theoretically protect against age - related iron overload and thus promote longevity , though blood letting is currently the preferred method .
5
Calorie or iron restriction ?
Iron is the single most important factor in the control of aging .
Yet anti-aging researchers recognize calorie restriction as the only proven method of slowing down the aging process .
However , the calorie restriction model of anti-aging has only been proven in rodents to date .
It ’s going to take another 10 - 15 years to determine if this also occurs in larger animals such as monkeys .
6
According to data at hand , it would take a 30 % reduction in calories over a human lifespan to significantly slow aging in humans .
Calorie restriction lowers body temperature , reduces cholesterol , triglycerides and blood pressure , elevates HDL cholesterol and reduces arterty stiffness .
7
But there is more to the story .
Studies of fruit flies ( Drosophila melanogaster ) may help to understand the supremacy of iron control in the aging process .
Fruit flies are often used in aging studies because of their short life span , maybe 50 - 70 days .
Insects have inborn mechanisms to control iron similar to humans .
Insects control iron by iron - binding proteins ( ferritin , transferrin ) .
8
Excessive iron has been found to be the initiator of aging in fruit flies.9
Researchers at the University of Texas Health Science Center in San Antonio , Texas , measured the aging rate of mice at 6 , 12 and 24 months by determining the level of oxidation ( rusting of tissues ) in various organs .
The more food these animals consumed the more iron that accumulated in their tissues and the greater the oxidation ( aging ) .
As early as 1985 researchers proposed that the rate of age - related iron accumulation correlates with the life span of some species .
The accumulation of iron in these rodents did not occur till growth had been completed .
After that time iron levels increased in the liver by 140 percent and the kidney by 44 percent .
The liver and brain experience the greatest iron buildup with advancing age .
An iron -restricted diet minimized the oxidation levels in the liver , kidney and brain with advancing age .10
The lifespan of the fruit fly has been found to be proportional to the iron content in the diet .
The life span of humans has been correlated with mice and the fruit fly .
Consumption of tea extracts , which bind iron and inhibit its absorption , has been found to inhibit the age - related accumulation of iron and prolong life in the fruit fly by as much as 21 percent .
11
So calorie restriction may not be the only way to prolong human life .
Progressive iron overload is universal
Another problem in understanding the iron overload model of aging is that it is often characterized as being a genetically - acquired disease rather than a universal aging factor .
Iron overload is called a disease , hemochromatosis , and it is mistakenly believed to only affect about 1 million Americans .
It is usually diagnosed between the ages of 40 - 60 years .
The growing years and menstruation usually mask the problem till middle age .
Iron overload is not just a genetic disease .
Furthermore , since fertile females and growing children are often deficient in iron ( anemia ) due to the high demands for this mineral , nutritionists have often overemphasized the problem of anemia without warning full - grown males and females who no longer have monthly cycles of the dangers of iron overload .
12
For example , adult males should not eat a bowl of Total cereal ( General Mills ) for breakfast which provides a full 18 milligrams of iron per serving , 100 % of the daily requirement , per bowl .
Do you know any males who eat just one bowl of cereal ?
Many consume a couple of bowls for breakfast and may through meat eating get three to four times more iron than they need on a daily basis .
There is no warning on the label for full - grown males to steer clear of Total cereal .
It ’s not that iron should be totally avoided .
The body needs some replacement iron to make red blood cells .
Dietary iron is OK , even from meat .
Only 5 percent of iron in plant foods is available , vs. 30 to 50 percent of iron from meat .
13
Meat is not the culprit , it is the lack of molecules in the diet that control iron that makes iron a rusting agent ( see below ) .
A little meat is needed to keep us from becoming anemic , the flip side of iron nutrition .
Supplememental iron should be avoided for full - grown males and females who no longer have monthly cycles .
Niether do iron tablets in stores carry a warning label for full - grown males and postmenopausal females .
Ironically , females who have higher iron needs in their fertile years may crave iron - rich foods , such as meats .
If the women do the cooking in the family household and they prepare foods to meet their own nutritional needs , loading upon on iron - rich meat , they may hasten the demise of their male spouse .
Humans consume about 30 milligrams of iron per day from the diet , but only a small portion is absorbed .
But the addtion of alcohol to a meal greatly increases the absorption of iron .
Iron overload disease is strongly associated with alcohol consumption .
Compared to alcoholic spirits , red wine is low in iron and contains the iron - binding pigments from grapes , which may explain some of the health benefits attributed to wine .14
Mynah birds and longevity
Any animal or human can develop iron overload disease .
The study of the mynah bird reveals some secrets of iron and longevity .
Iron overload in mynah birds has been likened to iron overload disease ( hemochromatosis ) in humans .
15
While some mynah birds live in the wild as long as 20 years or more , mynah birds in captivity often die early of iron storage disease , usually by the age of 10 .
This problem is attributed to iron - rich bird feed .
[ www.mynadbird.com]
Mynah birds in the wild are fruit eaters and the favorite fruit is figs .
Figs are relatively high in iron .
Yet the wild mynah birds do n’t develop iron overload .
Figs are high in iron - binding pigments ( tannins ) that bind iron and render it harmless .
Starlings are birds that are similar to mynah birds in that they are fruit eaters .
When starlings are fed a diet high in iron along with natural iron binders ( tannins ) , such as found in figs , tea , and grapes ( wine ) , the starling do n’t accumulate iron in their liver and none of the birds develop iron overload .
16 Tannins are potent binders ( chelators ) of iron .17
Iron - binding plant pigments also have been shown to extend the lifespan of the fruit fly .
In one study the survival of fruit flies exposed to an herbicide ( paraquat ) was about 56 percent and when iron was added the survival rate dropped even lower .
But when the herbicide was fed to the fruit flies with an iron binder commonly found in green tea ( catechin ) , the survival rate jumped to 78 - 87 percent .18
Most health practices control iron
Most of the health - promoting practices of modern life unknowingly control iron .
For example , taking an aspirin a day to prevent heart attacks and strokes causes blood loss via the digestive tract on the order of about a tablespoon per day .
This results in iron loss .
19 Aspirin also appears to increase the production of ferritin , an iron - binding protein produced in the liver that prevents iron from inducing oxidation .
20
By exercising , a person loses about 1 milligram of iron through sweat .21
Fasting and vegetarian diets , both of which promote longevity in animals and humans , limit iron consumption because plant foods provide non-heme iron which is poorly absorbed .
According to one study , when you sit down to eat a meal consisting of a hamburger , string beans and mashed potatoes , the addition of coffee , which contains iron - binding pigments , will reduce iron absorption by 35 percent .
Green tea will reduce iron absorption even further , by 62 percent .
22
Vitamin C increases iron absorption
Orange juice increases iron absorption by 85 percent by virtue of its vitamin C content .
22
While vitamin C increases iron absorption , 23 there is no evidence that vitamin C leads to iron overload .
Thus vitamin C should not be avoided by meat - eaters for this reason , since studies show high - dose vitamin C supplements are associated with a decreased risk for heart disease , cancer , cataracts and other disorders .
24 A vegetarian diet does not generally cause iron - deficiency anemia because there is more vitamin C in plant - food diets , which enhances iron absorption .
25
Bind that iron
Grapes have a relatively large amount of iron , but you do n’t see any rusty grapes .
The reason is that grapes , like the figs that mynah birds eat , have those iron - binding pigments that tightly bind to iron .
In healthy individuals there is little if any unbound iron circulating in the blood .
In all states of disease , however , unbound iron ( also called free iron ) is released at sites of inflammation , tumors and infection , and can spark uncontrolled oxidation ( rusting ) and tissue destruction .
26
Fortunately , there are numerous automatic mechanisms in the body that help to control iron .
For instance , melanin is an iron - binding pigment in the skin .
The liver makes binding proteins called ferritin , transferrin and lactoferrin , to bind to iron as it enters the circulatory system .27
The diet also provides some potent iron binders .
Iron - binding pigments found in berries , coffee , green tea , pine bark , onions and the rind of citrus fruits , and phytic acid ( a component of whole grains and seeds such as sesame and rice bran ) bind to iron and other minerals in the gastric tract and help to limit iron availability .
If bioflavonoids and phytic acid have n’t bound to minerals in the digestive tract they will get into the bloodstream , where they can bind to free iron , acting as blood - cleansing iron chelators .
Therefore , maximum iron chelation in the blood circulation is achieved when these iron binders are consumed apart from meals .
How to remove ( chelate ) excess iron ( rust ) from the body
The question is , what can adult males , or females who have not menstruated for years , do to remove the excess iron from their body stores ?
Chelation therapy is what is needed , the removal of the excess iron .
Alternative medical specialists offer to perform chelation therapy via the intravenous administration of EDTA , a mineral chelator .
Intravenous chelation therapy requires many treatments , maybe 30 or 40 , and is somewhat costly ( $ 3000 - 4000 ) .
Conventional medicine also has a mineral - chelating drug , desferrioxamine , but it is sparingly used because of side effects .
Nature ’s most potent rust remover is phytic acid , commonly found in whole grains , seeds and nuts .
Phytic acid  also called inositol hexaphosphate , or IP6  is comprised of six phosphorus molecules and one molecule of inositol .
IP6 is provided as a food supplement extracted from rice bran ( Tsuno Foods & Rice Co. , Wakayama , Japan ) .
Bran cereal has some IP6 in it , but it is already bound to minerals .
The IP6 extract imported from Japan is 70 percent unbound , ready to selectively chelate ( attach to ) minerals as it enters the human circulatory system .
28 IP6 does n’t remove minerals from bones or other needed minerals , it just removes the free unbound iron , copper , calcium , and heavy metals such as mercury , lead and cadmium .
IP6 has little or no affinity for sodium , potassium , and magnesium , the important electrolyte minerals required for proper heart rhythm .
Taken in between meals with water , IP6 can rid the body of excessive iron and other minerals in a short period of time , 30 - 90 days .
Once bound to IP6 the excess minerals are excreted via the urinary flow .
IP6 rice bran extract is an unheralded but potent anti-aging therapy .
The iron stores in your body will control the severity of disease and longevity .
Learning how to control iron is a major , if not the primary , anti-aging factor in living organisms .
The pursuit of long life requires the control of iron .
References
Recer P , Improving with age , Associated Press , August 10 , 2000 .
Zubialde JP , et al , Estimated gains in life expectancy with use of postmenopausal estrogen therapy : a decision analysis , Journal Family Practice 36 : 271-80 , 1993 .
Grodstein F , et al , Postmenopausal hormone therapy and mortality , New England J Med , 336 : 1769 - 75 , 1997 .
Weinberg ED , Iron loading and disease surveillance , Emerging Infectious Diseases 5 : May - June , 1999 .
Weintraug LR , Current uses of phlebotomy therapy , Hospital Practice , June 15 , 1987 ; Ulvik RJ , Bloodletting as medical therapy for 2500 years , Tidsskr Nor Laegeforen 119 : 2487 - 89 , 1999 .
Hansen BC , et al , Calorie restriction in nonhuman primates : mechanisms of reduced morbidity and mortality , Toxicology Letters 52 : 56 - 60 , 1999 .
Roth GS , et al , Caloric restriction in primates and relevance to humans , Annals NY Academy Science 928 : 305-15 , 2001 .
Nichol H , et al , Iron metabolism in insects , Annual Review Entomology 47 : 535-59 , 2002 .
Massie HR , et al , Iron accumulation during development and ageing of Drosophila , Mechanisms Ageing Development 29 : 215- 20 , 1985 .
Cook CI , Iron accumulation in aging : modulation by dietary restriction , Mechanisms Ageing and Development 102 : 1 - 13 , 1998 .
Massie HR , et al , Inhibition of iron absorption prolongs the life span of Drosophila , Mechanisms Ageing Development 67 : 227-37 , 1993 .
Arthur CK , Isbister JP .
Iron deficiency .
Drugs 33:171-82 , 1987 . US Agricultural Research Service , USDA Bulletin , Dec. 23 , 1998 .
Whitfield JB , et al , Efects of alcohol consumption on indices of iron stores and of iron stores on alcohol intake markers , Alcohol Clin Exp Res 25 : 1037 - 45 , 2001 .
Gosselin SJ , Kramer LW , Pathophysiology of excessive iron storage in mynah birds , J Am Veterinary Med Assoc 183 : 1238 -40 , 1983 .
Crissey SD , et al , Effect of dietary iron on the accumulation of iron in the liver of European Starlings , Proceedings Am Assoc Zoo Veterinarians , 1993 .
Lopes GK , et al , Polyphenol tannic acid inhibits hydroxyl radical formation from Fenton reaction by complexing ferrous ions , Biochim Biophys Acta 1472 : 142-52 , 1999 .
Kim SJ , et al , Effect of glutathione , catechin , and epicatechin on the survival of Drosophila melanogaster under paraquat treatment , Biosci Biotechnol Biochem 61 : 225-29 , 1997 .
Rider JA , et al .
Double - blind comparison of effects of aspirin and namoxyrate on pH of gastric secretions , fecal blood loss , serum iron and iron - binding capacity in normal volunteers .
Curr Ther Res 7:633-8 , 1965 .
Oberle S , et al .
Aspirin increases ferritin synthesis in endothelial cells : a novel antioxidant pathway .
Circ Res 82:1016 - 20 , 1998 .
Vellar OD .
Studies on sweat losses of nutrients .
Scand J Clin Lab Invest 21:157-67 , 1968 .
Hallberg L , Rossander L. Effect of different drinks on the absorption of non-heme iron from composite meals .
Hum Nutr Appl Nutr 36:116-23 , 1982 .
Derman DP , et al , Importance of ascorbic acid in the absorption of iron from infant foods .
Scand J Haematol 25 : 193-201 , 1980 .
Gerster H , High - dose vitamin C : a risk for persons with high iron stores ?
Int J Vitam Nutr Res 69:67 - 82 , 1999 .
Craig WJ .
Iron status of vegetarians .
Am J Clin Nut 59:12335-7S , 1994 .
Griffiths , E , Iron and Infection .
New York : John Wiley & Sons;1987 . p 1 - 25 .
Goldwasser P , Feldman J , Association of serum albumin and mortality risk .
J Clin Epid 50:693-703 ; 14 , 1997 ; Aust SD .
Ferritin as a source of iron and protection from iron - induced toxicities .
Toxicol Lett 82:941 -4 , 1995 .
Aisen P , Brown EB ,
The iron - binding function of transferrin in iron metabolism .
Sem Hematol 14:31 - 46 , 1977 .
Graf E , et al .
Phytic acid  a natural antioxidant .
J Biol Chem 262:11647-50 , 1987 ;
No authors listed ]
Phytic acid : new doors open for a chelator .
Lancet 2( 8560 ) :664-6 , 1987 .
February 15 , 2002
This is the kind of Propaganda I ’m talking about – Image by fletcherwarren via Flickr
I ’m seeing way too many right - wing secessionist alarms coming from the US lately and the trend is much too concentrated and much too supported to be extremist scaremongering imho .
The Army generals have already declared their distrust for the current administration and I ’m willing to bet that the ruling elite are funding most of the secessionist movements .
They ’ve already uncovered that the “ Tea Parties ” and “ Spontaneous Rants ” were setup by the NeoCons so it ’s not really a stretch to imagine that much of the rest is as well .
We already know that Faux News would n’t fart without Murdoch ’s approval so their latest stunt gives at least some credence to that theory .
Personally , I ’m starting to believe that this is in psychological preparation for a military coup .
They want a large amount of the populace supportive of a forceful takedown of the current government .
I ca n’t really foresee how this will go down but I assume an increasing secessionist / revolutionary movement through astroturfing and viral messages , playing on popular disenchantment and anger .
Once the kettle has been brought to a boil , all it will take will be a crisis that will give the cause for the generals to step in and declare the government null or somesuch .
The sad part is how the “ Liberals ” of the US are joking about these threats as if military coups have never happened before .
If anything , with the increased reliance of the US on Mercenaries under the control of private individuals ( with very strong ties to the NeoCons ) such a move would be impossible to resist through democratic means .
The Democrats will still be thinking that this can never happen in the land of the Free while the fascist flags are being raised on the white house .
So I see this coming and it ’s scary .
The signals are all loud and clear .
The secessionists are proudly proclaiming their plans for terrorism and nobody even blinks ( while of course animal - rights activists are labeled terrorists and detained at the drop of a hat ) .
The ironic insult to injory is that a very large proportion of the mess the US is in right now has been caused by NeoCon policies .
And now that the opposition is in the rule , they are going to use the disaster they ’ve helped create to push forward something even worse .
The most unfortunate thing is that the reactionary feelings of general populace are being guided into supporting fascists instead of being agitated to struggle for their freedom .
If what I foresee comes to be , US Citizens will be tricked into exchanging a Plutocracy for a Junta or a fascist regime and all their revolutionary energy will be sapped once they realize the result they ’ve helped accomplish ( or failed to stop ) .
Perhaps it ca n’t be helped .
The Socialism movement of the USA has been hamstrung through persistent and extreme propaganda to the point that the mere word is used as slander .
As such , there are few people that can push the coming reaction to the right direction and while a crisis of Capitalism can turn people Socialist overnight , a sustained misinformation campaign , such as the one going on at the moment , can easily polarize in the opposite direction .
For your sake Americans , I hope I ’m being horribly wrong on this .
Spread the love : Email
Reddit
More
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Tumblr
Since it ’s Easter week , I want to resurrect a discussion I participated in over at Evangelical Village a week or so ago ( unfortunately , the site and the original discussion are no longer available . )
It began when my friend Matt posed a simple but important question :
“ What must a person know in order to be saved ?
What theological knowledge must a person know in order to become a believer ? ”
Let me say up front that I do n’t want anyone to think I ’m being critical of Matt here .
I love my brother , I recommend his blog , and I know that he was doing what he always does very well –asking thought - provoking questions , and involving others in the discussion .
I appreciate that .
The thrust of the post was that it probably is n’t necessary to “ know ” much to be saved , but you do have to “ believe . ”
One commenter gave the example of the thief on the cross .
He knew very little , but he believed in Jesus and was saved .
In the original post Matt had asked :
“ If one would take the stance that a person must have a knowledge of personal sin and the sacrifice of Jesus , then would you say that God cannot save a person by merely reading John 3:16 ? …
We need to separate the ideal from the necessary . ”
God can do whatever
He wants , but essentially I felt that this approach to faith set up a false dichotomy between what we know and what we believe .
I think that what we believe ( or who we trust ) is necessarily built on a foundation of what we know .
I pointed out that Paul said we must believe in our heart that God raised Christ from the dead ( which assumes we would have to first know that he was in fact raised ) in order to be saved ( Romans 10:9 - 11 ) .
That prompted Matt to ask :
“ So Barry , does one have to know the Resurrection to be saved ?
Or could God save someone just by reading John 3:16 ? ”
I replied ( with a few edits included here ) :
I think that in Paul ’s mind ( which is the mind of the Spirit ) understanding the resurrection falls into the category of “ the necessary ” rather than “ the ideal . ”
In addition to the passage I quoted earlier ( Romans 10:9 - 11 ) , Paul considered the resurrection essential to the gospel :
“ Now I would remind you , brothers , of the gospel I preached to you , which you received , in which you stand , and by which you are being saved , if you hold fast to the word I preached to you — unless you believed in vain .
For I delivered to you as of first importance what I also received : that Christ died for our sins in accordance with the Scriptures , that he was buried , that he was raised on the third day in accordance with the Scriptures … ” ( 1 Cor. 15:1 -4 )
Not only was the resurrection essential to the gospel , the gospel was essential to salvation .
That ’s evident in this passage from the tiny ( but massively important ) word “ if ” in the phrase : “ by which you are being saved , if you hold fast to the word I preached to you ” ( i.e. , the death , burial , and resurrection of Jesus ) .
It ’s also evident in other passages .
The gospel ( again , the death , burial and resurrection of Jesus , according to 1 Cor. 15 ) is “ the power of God for salvation to everyone who believes ” ( Rom. 1:16 )
We ’re saved by believing in Jesus , but what Jesus is that ?
One who was just a great moral teacher ?
One who was just a prophet ?
One who was willing to die for what he believed in ?
Or one who is defined by the content of the gospel ?
I believe it ’s the latter .
Which gospel and which Jesus one believes in really , really matters .
That ’s clear from the following passages :
“ For if someone comes and proclaims another Jesus than the one we proclaimed , or if you receive a different spirit from the one you received , or if you accept a different gospel from the one you accepted , you put up with it readily enough . ”
( 2 Cor. 11:4 )
“ But even if we or an angel from heaven should preach to you a gospel contrary to the one we preached to you , let him be accursed .
As we have said before , so now I say again :
If anyone is preaching to you a gospel contrary to the one you received , let him be accursed .
( Gal. 1:8-9 )
I ’ve continued to think about that discussion .
It ’s certainly possible that I ’m wrong , but at this point , I stand by my conclusion .
Our belief in Christ is not properly focused , and therefore unable to save , without a clear understanding of Christ ’s death for our sins , and his resurrection on the third day .
So …what do you think ?
Is it necessary to believe in the resurrection of Jesus to be saved ?
The last time we heard form our friend Rick Warren , the evangelical pastor Obama invited to give the swearing in at the inaugural , Warren was claiming that he never compared gay marriage to pedophilia and incest .
Uh huh .
Well , Warren went on Larry King , and the lies were flying .
Even more so than last time .
I think Mr. Warren is hurting from having his homophobia exposed .
Though I ’m not sure a religious “ leader ” should be resorting to lying in order to clear his record .
First , Warren told King that he never compared gay marriage to incest and pedophilia :
I was asked a question that made it sound like I equated gay marriage with pedophilia or incest , which I absolutely do not believe .
Yeah , THE QUESTION sounded like Warren was equating them .
Let me share with you THE QUESTION , and then Warren ’s answer
Steven Waldman :
One controversial moment for you in the last election was your support for Proposition 8 in California .
Rick Warren : Eight , yeah , yeah .
Steven Waldman : A couple questions about that .
First , just to clarify , do you support civil unions or domestic partnerships ?
Rick Warren : [ long answer about civil unions ]
Steven Waldman :
What about like partnership benefits in terms of insurance or hospital visitation ?
Rick Warren : Not a problem to me .
But the issue to me is , I ’m not opposed to that as much as I ’m opposed to the redefinition of a 5,000 - year definition of marriage .
I ’m opposed to having a brother and sister be together and call that marriage .
I ’m opposed to an older guy marrying a child and calling that a marriage .
I ’m opposed to one guy having multiple wives and calling that marriage .
Steven Waldman :
Do you think , though , that they are equivalent to having gays getting married ?
Rick Warren : Oh I do .
Yeah , did you catch how the QUESTION tried to TRICK Rick Warren into equating gay marriage with pedophilia and incest ?
The question was so tricky , in fact , that the questioner never even vaguely mentioned incest or pedophilia until Warren himself brought it up , and shocked , the questioner asked , do you really believe that they ( incest and pedophilia ) are equivalent to gays getting married – and Warren responded “ Oh I do . ”
So Rick Warren is now lying , again about the details of an interview that any of you can watch yourselves online .
But it gets better .
Warren also is now claiming that he was never an anti-gay - marriage activist , and in fact , the only statement he ever made about Prop 8 was to send a “ note ” to his congregation :
I never once went to a meeting , I never once issued a statement , I never once even gave an endorsement in the two years Prop 8 was going .
The week before the vote , somebody in my church said , ‘ Pastor Rick , what do you think about this ? ’
And I sent a note to my own members that I actually believe that marriage is really should be defined , that definition should be say between a man and a woman , and then all of a sudden out of it they made me something that I really was n’t .
In fact , Warren did n’t just sent some words on a “ note ” to his parishioners .
He created a public video message urging people in California to vote for Prop 8 .
And again , surprise , heres the video :
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7o4QqGbQmU0]
And in the video – which is clearly not just a “ note ” – it ’s clear that Warren is n’t responding to some question , or giving a generic answer to his views on gay marriage .
The video is about Prop 8 , Warren brought Prop 8 up all on his own ( there was no “ question ” he was responding to ) , and he decided to use the very public video to urge Californians to vote for Prop 8 .
That makes you an anti-gay - marriage activist , Rick .
It also makes you a huge liar .
So why did Rick Warren outright lie – again – twice – on Larry King about what he has said and done on gay issues ?
That ’s between Rick Warren and his God .
Whoever that God is .
Because if Rick Warren were worshipping my God , my Lord would n’t be very happy about one of his “ leaders ” outright lying , twice , to millions of Americans during Holy Week .
When asked by the New England Journal of Medicine to detail his healthcare vision during the campaign , John McCain concluded with a rousing denunciation of “ new government bureaucracies that will translate into higher taxes , reduced provider payments and long waiting lines . ”
Long lines come up frequently in the American healthcare discussion , the symbol of all that is to be feared about a government - run system .
And it ’s true that in Canada and Britain , the two countries most often cited in discussions of what nationalized healthcare might mean , some patients report having to wait months for some elective treatments .
Sometimes .
But we ’ve got waiting lines too -- along with 50 million uninsured and a system that costs more than twice as much per person as that of any other country .
We ’ve just managed to hide our lines through clever statistical gimmickry .
FOR THE RECORD :
Health costs :
An Op - Ed article on Tuesday said that more than twice as much is spent on healthcare per person in the United States as in any other country .
The U.S. spends more than twice as much as the average of other developed nations , but not twice as much per person . —
Britain and Canada control costs in a very specific fashion :
The government sets a budget for how much will be spent on healthcare that year , and the system figures out how to spend that much and no more .
One of the ways the British and Canadians save money is to punt elective surgeries to a lower priority level .
A 2001 survey by the policy journal “ Health Affairs ” found that 38 % of Britons and 27 % of Canadians reported waiting four months or more for elective surgery .
Among Americans , that number was only 5 % .
Score one of us !
Well , sort of .
American healthcare controls costs in another way .
Rather than deciding as a society how much will be spent in the coming year and then figuring out how best to spend it , we abdicate collective responsibility and let individuals fend for themselves .
So although Britain and Canada have decided that no one will go without , even if some must occasionally wait , the U.S. has decided that most of those who ca n’t afford care simply wo n’t get it .
When that very same survey also looked at cost problems among residents of different countries , 24 % of Americans reported that they did not get medical care because of cost .
Twenty - six percent said they did n’t fill a prescription .
And 22 % said they did n’t get a test or treatment .
Those latter numbers are probably artificially small :
If you ca n’t afford to see a doctor , you never know that you ca n’t afford the treatment she would recommend .
In Britain and Canada , only about 6 % of respondents reported that costs had limited their access to care .
Moreover , surveys conducted by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development have found that most countries do n’t have waiting lines or the uninsured .
Not Germany or France or Japan or Sweden , all of which have more of a mix of public and private options .
But Canada is next door , and Britain speaks our language , so we tend to spend a lot of time comparing our system with these systems and not a lot of time thinking through the full range of options .
In light of the “ Health Affairs ” data , smugness about our speedy access to care seems a bit peculiar .
If someone ca n’t afford care , we record their waiting time as zero .
You do n’t wait for what you ca n’t have .
But a more accurate accounting would record that wait as infinite , or it would record when the patient eventually ends up in the emergency room because the original ailment went untreated .
Research like this raises a simple question :
Would you rather wait four months for a surgery or be unable to get it altogether ?
Just last week , House Republicans expressed their preference for the latter .
Their long - awaited budget document was admirably specific about changes to Medicare .
They call for “ a new Medicare program ” in which enrollees are given a check “ equal to 100 % of the Medicare benefit , ” which they can then take to the private market to purchase their own care .
This proposal has a purpose beyond dismantling a popular government entitlement program .
Currently , Medicare does not abide by a budget .
It is not run like the Canadian or British healthcare systems .
Instead , it pays whatever is deemed “ reasonable and necessary . ”
Because of that , costs are shooting through the roof : The Congressional Budget Office estimates that Medicare spending will more than triple by 2050 .
The Republican plan gives Medicare a budget .
Costs grow only as fast as the check grows .
And because the check grows more slowly than health spending does , the program saves money .
But this is , in effect , almost precisely the strategy of Britain and Canada :
It is the government imposing an arbitrary budget on its healthcare spending .
The difference is that the British and Canadian governments try to apportion that health spending so that the whole population gets care .
That can mean , alongside other cost - saving measures , longer waits for services .
The Republican budget simply would give individuals a fixed check .
That will mean that patients who exceed that sum and do n’t have money of their own go without needed care .
So Americans will continue to brag that no one waits , and Canadians and Britons will continue to brag that no one goes without .
And somewhere , the French and the Germans and the Japanese and the Swiss and many others will wonder why we insist on choosing between such awful extremes .
Ezra Klein is an associate editor at the American Prospect .
He blogs at www.EzraKlein.com.
WASHINGTON  Al Franken , the comedian turned politician , won a potentially decisive court ruling on Tuesday in his bid to replace Norm Coleman , a Minnesota Republican trying to hold on to his Senate seat .
A three - judge panel ruled that only 400 absentee ballots  far fewer than Mr. Coleman had sought  should be examined for possible counting .
If the ruling stands , it could be devastating for Mr. Coleman , who trailed his Democratic challenger by 225 votes out of some 2.9 million cast and had hoped that nearly 1,400 absentee ballots might be recounted .
Even if the results put Mr. Coleman further in the hole , as expected , he could fight on , before the Minnesota Supreme Court or perhaps in the federal courts .
His lawyer said Mr. Coleman had not given up .
After seven weeks of deliberations , the court said it would decide which of the 400 ballots would be counted in open court by next Tuesday .
8000 Australian Tamils and supporters protest in Canberra , April 18 , 2009 .
The following editorial appeared in Green Left Weekly issue # 791 , April 22 , 2009 .
April 18 , 2009 --
One of the great crimes of modern times is occurring on the island of Sri Lanka without a word of protest from governments the world over .
The Tamil people are facing genocide .
Already this year , the death toll of Tamil civilians exceeds 4000 .
Often dozens , and in some cases hundreds , are slaughtered in a single day in Sri Lankan Army bombings of the so - called safe zone , into which as many as 300,000 people are crowded .
Those Tamils who flee this zone are being placed into concentration camps by the Sri Lankan Army .
This brutal reality is almost entirely unreported , and not simply because the Sri Lankan government refuses to allow journalists access to the scene of its crime .
Instead , the mainstream media is once again siding with the powerful .
When the issue is reported at all , the Sri Lankan government ’s propaganda is repeated — the propaganda of a regime that refuses to allow a free press , with one of the world ’s highest rates of journalists being murdered each year .
According to Sri Lankan propaganda , the military are merely fighting “ terrorism ” .
It claims its war is merely against the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) , an armed group fighting for an independent Tamil homeland in the island ’s east and north .
Yet Sri Lanka ’s actions prove its war is against the Tamil people as a whole .
The actions of the LTTE are a response to the decades of discrimination and violent repression meted out to the Tamil minority by a state dominated by the majority Sinhalese ethnic group .
Support for armed struggle grew among Tamils in response to the violent anti-Tamil pogroms in 1983 that killed more than 3000 people .
The solution to ending the decades - long war on the island , and bringing about desperately needed peace , is to end the oppression of the Tamil people .
First , and most urgently , there must be a permanent ceasefire declared .
The mass killings must be ended .
Food and medical supplies must be allowed into the “ safe - zone ” , without which aid agencies are warning of a terrible humanitarian crisis .
The Tamil people must regain their freedom of movement — the concentration camps must be closed .
Once this occurs , the conditions for a negotiated settlement to the crisis , which can resolve the issue of self - determination for the Tamil people , will exist .
However , powerful governments , in defence of powerful interests , are allowing the Tamil people to be sacrificed .
In return , the powerful are manoeuvring for access to lucrative shipping routes and ports .
To avoid upsetting the racist and undemocratic regime in Colombo , that regime is allowed a free hand to implement a “ final solution ” to the Tamil question .
Once again , the corporate elite is placing profit over human life .
People around the world who believe in social justice must raise their voices .
The Tamil diaspora is desperately attempting to bring the plight of its people to the world ’s attention .
In their hundreds of thousands , they have marched in cities around the globe .
In India , dozens of Tamils have self - immolated to bring attention to the situation .
In Australia , six young Tamils went on hunger strike for almost a week .
They refused food or water , with a serious risk of death , in an appeal to the Australian government to press Sri Lanka to call a permanent ceasefire .
We can not let them stand alone .
Those who believe in social justice — political parties , trade unions , churches , social movements — must speak out against the atrocities occurring right now .
The powerful have abandoned the Tamil people , it must be ordinary people all over the world who use their power to force action .
When Israel levelled Gaza , millions marched in opposition .
That movement must continue , and the boycott , divestment and sanctions campaign seeking to isolate apartheid Israel is beginning to have effect .
But that display of “ people power ” needs to be repeated on behalf of the Tamils .
International solidarity helped end apartheid in South Africa , despite Western governments siding with the regime .
It helped the East Timorese win their independence , despite Western governments — including Australia — siding with Indonesia .
It is placing Israel on the back foot , despite the most powerful nations on Earth backing the oppressors of the Palestinian people .
Now , international solidarity must be mobilised to save the Tamil people and stop the genocide .
Support this very urgent struggle by joining the heroic campaign of the young Australian Tamils .
Visit http://www.tamilsydney.com.]
Stop the genocide against the Tamils !
April 20 , 2009 --
This statement was circulated at the World at a Crossroads conference hosted by Green Left Weekly in Sydney , April 10 - 12 , 2009 .
A selection of the much larger number of people signed are included below .
To add your name to the statement , email stuartmunckton@gmail.com .
* * *
Participants at the World at a Crossroads conference , Sydney April 10 - 12 , recognise the genocide being carried out against the Tamil people by the murderous Sri Lankan government .
The genocidal policies of the Sri Lankan government are a continuation of over six decades of systematic discrimination carried out against the Tamil population .
The drive towards genocide of the Tamils has intensified since the Sri Lankan government abrogated the peace process in January 2008 and embarked on the reconquest of the island 's north through brutal war with devastating consequences for Tamils .
The last few months has been particularly brutal .
More than 3500 Tamil civilians have been killed in a space of three months by the Sri Lankan state offensive .
Tamils fleeing the fighting are being herded into concentration camps .
According to the former foreign minister of Sri Lanka , “ A few months ago the government started registering all Tamils in Colombo on the grounds that they could be a security threat , but this could be exploited for other purposes like the Nazis in the 1930s .
They ’re basically going to label the whole civilian Tamil population as potential terrorists . ”
Two - hundred thousand Tamils are now facing starvation .
We believe people throughout the world must become more vocal against this genocide and protest governments that support the Sri Lankan government .
Governments such as the United States , Israel , China , India and Pakistan have all equipped the Sri Lankan army with high technology weapons , including illegal chemical weapons and cluster munitions .
The undersigned participants call for :
an immediate end to the Sri Lankan governments attacks on Tamils and for there to be an immediate ceasefire ;
that diplomatic , economic and cultural sanctions be applied till the Sri Lankan government agrees to an immediate ceasefire ;
that all military aid and assistance from governments to the Sri Lankan government must end immediately , because the money is being used to perpetrate genocide ;
the IMF not to grant the Sri Lankan the use of $ 1.7 billion , as it will be used on military equipment to kill Tamil civilians ;
that governments of the worlds to recognise and give full citizenship rights to Tamil refugees who have had to flee to avoid the genocide ;
that the self - determination of Tamils up to and including their right to form an independent state must be respected by the governments of the world ; and
that the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam be taken off proscribed terrorist lists .
Initial signatories ( see the full list at http://www.greenleft.org.au/2009/791/40764):
* Salim Vally — Spokesperson of the Palestine Solidarity Committee ( South Africa ) ; lecturer and senior researcher at the Education Policy Unit and the School of Education at Wits University ;
* Michael Lebowitz — Director of " Transformative Practice and Human Development " at the Centro Internacional Miranda , Caracas ; Professor Emeritus of economics , Simon Fraser University ;
* Luis Bilbao — Union of Socialist Militants ( Argentina ) ; advisor to the Hugo Chavez government in Venezuela ; editor of XXI magazine ;
* Reihana Mohideen — vice - chair of international department of the Power of the Masses Party ( PLM — Philippinnes ) ; chairperson of Transform Asia , a gender and labour institute in South East Asia ; editor of Socialist Dialogue magazine ;
* Mericio Juvinal Dos Reis — Executive Director of the Luta Hamutuk Institute ( East Timor ) ;
* Ian Angus — Socialist Voice ( Canada ) , co-founder of Ecosocialist International Network ;
* Roger Annis — Socalist Voice ( Canada ) ,
* Ian Beeching — Vancouver Socialist Forum ;
* Mike Treen — Nation director of organising , Unite union , New Zealand ;
* Daphne Lawless — Socialist Worker New Zealand ;
* Dr Brian Senewiratne — Singalese pro-Tamil activist ;
* Tim Gooden — Secretary , Geelong and Region Trades and Labour Council ;
* Jess Moore — Resistance national co-organiser ;
* Dick Nichols — Socialist Alliance national co-convenor ;
* Peter Boyle — Democratic Socialist Perspective national secretary ;
* Pip Hinman — Sydney Stop the War Coalition ; Socialist Alliance
* Brianna Pike — DSP
Sydney organiser ;
* Stuart Munckton — Green Left Weekly co-editor ;
* Emma Murphy — GLW co-editor ;
* Peter Robson — GLW journalist ;
* Tony Iltis — GLW journalist ;
* Jay Fletcher — GLW journalist ;
* Federico Fuentes —
World at a Crossroads conference co-organiser , GLW journalist , editor of Bolivia Rising ;
* Lisa MacDonald — World at a Crossroads conference co-organiser ; DSP National executive ;
* Chris Latham — National Tertiary Education Union , Murdoch University branch organiser ;
* Jamie Doughney — Senior researcher at the Work and Economic Policy Research Unit , Victoria University of Technology .
* Terry Townsend — Managing editor , Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal
Rediscover Destiny City
After ten long years , the wait is finally over .
China ’s lack of a free press , independent trade unions , citizen watchdog groups and other checks on official power makes cover -ups more possible , even though the Internet now makes it harder to suppress information completely .
Work - safety officials in Beijing complain that even more than in other industries , death tolls from accidents at coal mines are often ratcheted down or not reported at all .
That is because of the risky profits to be made  by businessmen and corrupt local officials  exploiting dangerous coal seams with temporary , unskilled workers in thousands of illegal mines .
Just two weeks after the Lijiawa disaster , for example , officials in neighboring Shanxi Province announced that 11 people had been killed in a natural landslide .
After another Internet - lodged complaint , investigators discovered that 41 villagers had been buried under a torrent of rocks and waste from an iron mine .
Even if underreported , the official death rate for China ’s coal mines is astronomically high .
On average , nine coal miners a day died in China last year  a rate 40 times that of the United States , according to the State Administration of Work Safety .
Small mines , legal and illegal , accounted for three - fourths of the deaths but only a third of the production .
To be sure , the mines are much safer than just six years ago .
Huang
Yi , the deputy administrator of the work safety agency , said stricter scrutiny , regulations and the closing of 12,000 mines had cut the death rate by three - fourths since 2002 .
“ There are some illegal coal mines that still operate because they are protected by local officials , ” Mr. Huang said , but “ fewer and fewer . ”
Hu Xingdou , an economics professor at the Beijing Institute of Technology , argues that Beijing ’s top - down approach can only do so much to make local officials more accountable .
LAWRENCE , Kan. , March 30 ( UPI ) -- A U.S. researcher says compulsive Facebook use may be a result of the fact that there 's always something new on the social networking site .
Nancy Baym , a University of Kansas professor , said on sites such as Facebook , MySpace and Twitter , users share status updates , self - generated media , journal entries and other interpersonal communication in a continuous dribble .
Advertisement
" It 's a continuous link of hanging out in the halls with your friends between classes or hanging around the water cooler at the office , " Baym said in a statement .
Baym completed research on Last.fm , a niche site that connects fans of similar music .
She found that online friendships based on common taste in music tended to be more fragile , although people also used the site to maintain closer relationships .
" What I found on Last.fm was that on average these relationships are not very strong , " Baym said .
" Other people have described them as on average being weak ties , which means that you do n't discuss a wide range of topics .
You do n't do a variety of activities together .
You tend to be kind of specialized in what topics you talk about . "
Social networking sites are not about a person 's 30 actual friends , but a lot of weak - tie relationships that give people access to a lot of resources that they would n't otherwise have , Baym said .
Baym is co-editor of the recently published book " Internet Inquiry : Conversations About Method . "
What happens when you do a Google Image search for “ obama ” and “ poster ? ”
We got a note this morning from the Executive Research Director here at IHateTheMedia.com .
“ I was searching the internet last night for a copy of Shepard Fairey ’s red , white and blue Obama poster .
So I did a Google search for ‘ Obama ’ and ‘ poster . ’
The results are hilarious .
You ’ll probably do a story on it . ”
We tried it .
Sure enough .
Up came dozens of funny variations of the Shepard Fairey poster .
We ’re sharing some of our favorites with you .
April 4 , 2009 ( KHARTOUM ) —
One month after the expulsion of 13 aid groups from Darfur region , the US President Envoy to Sudan has called for alternative solutions to fill the gaps of humanitarian needs in war torn region .
Sudanese refugees gather to collect water supplies at the Abu Shouk refugee camp , out side the Darfur town of al - Fasher , March 21 , 2009 .
( AP )
On March 4 , Sudan expelled 13 foreign non-governmental organizations after accusing them of cooperation with the International Criminal Court which issued an arrest warrant for the President Omer Al - Bashir on war crimes charges .
The Sudanese decision affected 40 % of Darfur humanitarian aid .
The decision threatens more than 3 million people with the loss of food , health care and safe drinking water , the UN estimates .
Sudan rejects a US request to allow the return of the ousted groups saying it will fill the gaps with the local NGOs and also invited Arab and other aid groups from friendly countries to work in Darfur region .
The US chargé d’affaires Alberto Fernandez met on March 10 with the secretary of political relations at the National Congress Party ( NCP ) Mohamed Mandor Al - Mahdi who told him that the government does not intend to reverse its decision to expel the aid workers .
" We told them clearly there is no room to annul or freeze the decision " Mandor said .
Scott Gration , who visited Darfur today for the first time , excluded prospects for the return of the evicted aid groups .
" That is why we need to come up with creative ways immediately , and when I say immediately I mean in the next weeks , to be able to compensate by bringing in other capabilities or taking steps to expand the capabilities of existing NGOs . "
" I came away very concerned about what I saw and believe that we are on the brink of a deepening crisis in Darfur , " he told journalists after a morning visit to the Zam Zam camp in North Darfur .
He stressed there are immediate problems on water and health care that face displaced persons in Darfur .
The US envoy said he was confident Sudanese authorities " will understand the seriousness of this situation and work with the international community to resolve this issue . "
He further suggested to fill the gaps left by the expelled NGOs by building up local organizations .
" We want to work with Sudanese NGOs .
I believe they have the capability to fill some of the gaps in terms of food . "
" We need an environment where we can use all sources , NGO help , maybe NGOs that come in from Arab nations , additional NGOs from traditional donor countries and maybe a workable solution for some of the people that have been working in the area historically , " he further said .
He also appealed to Sudanese authorities to return some 400 vehicles and other assets seized after the eviction of the 13 aid groups and to speed up visa applications for new aid workers .
The expelled groups had distributed food , offered medical care and provided access to water to some 2.7 million displaced in Darfur .
UN humanitarian coordinator for Sudan , Ameerah Haq , pointed out that with the departure of the expelled groups the humanitarian work lost expertise monitoring and evaluation in various field .
" This capacity , and the associated institutional memory and contextual knowledge , cannot be replaced easily or quickly , " she stressed .
Following the release of a joint committee to assess the humanitarian gaps left in Darfur on March 24 , Haq said that they agreed with the Sudanese authorities and the remaining NGOs on a " concerted stop - gap drive " to meet the immediate needs of the affected population during a period of two months .
( ST )
A policeman is seen striking a woman with his baton at a memorial protest for Ian Tomlinson on 2 April
Warning : this video contains swearing
Back in March , the state of Missouri completed a report looking into the nature of multiple militia groups that have sprung up ( or moved in ) around the state .
The report , which was written as an aid to police departments dealing with militia issues , was started under a Republican administration , but it did n't actually go out to the police until Democratic governor Jay Nixon was in charge .
Among the findings of the report ?
Militia members tend to be right wing wackos .
It is not uncommon for militia members to display Constitution Party , Campaign for Liberty or Libertarian material .
These members are usually supporters of former presidential candidates Ron Paul , Chuck Baldwin and Bob Barr .
How did the report 's authors reach these startling conclusions ?
By attending militia events and talking to militia members .
But despite the fact that the report 's statements were : 1 ) true 2 ) so obvious that , like the Great Wall of China , they can be seen from orbit , righteous anger flared .
Talking about the nature of the guys marking up their copies of The Turner Diaries while stirring cups of protest tea generated howls from the right .
The screaming went on until the state first delivered an apology ( for telling the truth ) and then pulled the report from circulation .
Now it appears that there is a similar level of yowling over a report circulating from the Department of Homeland Security .
DHS ' Office of Intelligence and Analysis issued an intelligence assessment last week that said it has no specific information that domestic right - wing terrorists are currently planning acts of violence , but right - wing extremists may be gaining new recruits by playing on fears about the recession and the election of the first African American president .
The office called them " unique drivers for right - wing radicalization and recruitment . "
The mere existence of such a report is bringing on choking outrage from the same people who cheered when DHS issued reports warning of the dire threat from such groups as people who do n't like fur coats .
They contend that having a report titled Right - Wing Extremism : The Current Threat is picking on them .
It 's a threat to their freedoms .
A threat they did n't feel when the government issued a report titled Left - Wing Extremism : The Current Threat ( pdf ) in 2001 .
What kind of things does the DHS report have to say about the far right ?
Rightwing extremism in the United States can be broadly divided into those groups , movements , and adherents that are primarily hate - oriented ( based on hatred of particular religious , racial or ethnic groups ) , and those that are mainly antigovernment , rejecting federal authority in favor of state or local authority , or rejecting government authority entirely .
It may include groups and individuals that are dedicated to a single issue , such as opposition to abortion or immigration .
Of course , this has to be just the most extreme of the extreme .
Brand name tea baggers like Glenn Beck would never ask people to reject federal authority or stir up antigovernment hatred or fight local authorities .
It 's not as if they 're racists .
Not as if they 're trying to create a real - life Confederacy of Dunces .
It 's not as if it has anything to do with the teabaggers .
Rightwing extremist chatter on the Internet continues to focus on the economy , the perceived loss of U.S. jobs in the manufacturing and construction sectors , and home foreclosures .
Anti-Semitic extremists attribute these losses to a deliberate conspiracy conducted by a cabal of Jewish " financial elites . "
These “ accusatory ” tactics are employed to draw new recruits into rightwing extremist groups and further radicalize
those already subscribing to extremist beliefs .
Because any report that conservatives find offensive demands an apology , here 's one delivered in the standard form that was perfected during the Bush years .
I take full responsibility of assessing the blame for whatever it may have been that others did while acting completely out of my control .
I ’m dismayed about what allegedly went on , and I will get to the bottom of this and find out who is responsible , even if it takes me several silent years of diligent investigating .
I am deeply troubled by the turn of events , and only wish that there was some way to roll back the clock , even though , if that were the case , it would only deepen your already Grand Canyon - esque disconnect from reality .
Feel better ?
Legalized Medical Marijuana Company Now Public Stock , Really ( CVIV )
If you thought that the legalized marijuana for medicinal purposes was a controversial , imagine how controversial it would be if a company was public in the sector of legalized marijuana .
Forget the “ if ” in the equation .
This week , a small and formerly unknown company called Club Vivanet announced that it is the first public company to enter the legalized , medical marijuana business .
The company even changed its name to Medical Marijuana , Inc .
While it does not trade on the NYSE nor on the NASDAQ , the stock does trade over - the - counter under the ticker “ CVIV ” and is listed as Medical Marijuana , Inc. ( OTC : CVIV ) on the pink sheets .
This morning the company filed a patent application for an invention that the company says “ potentially satisfies various governmental and the medical marijuana dispensaries ’ needs for tax collection in the medical marijuana industry . ”
This is to identify the dispensary ’s tax ID number and tax rates for state and local taxes .
Medical Marijuana , Inc. is currently undergoing a 1 - 10 forward split and a ticker symbol change to reflect its new name in the stock market .
The company is spinning off two subsidiaries on a share - for - share basis ( pre 10 for 1 forward split ) of the shares of Club Vivanet , Inc. ( a Florida corporation ) and MyNewPedia Corp ( a Colorado Corporation ) .
The company ’s description says that it is positioned to take advantage of opportunities as they appear in the emerging legal medical marijuana industry through an enhanced payment gateway introducing verifiable levels of enhanced security .
It also states that a trend is in place that clearly indicates medical marijuana is quickly becoming a legal enterprise in need of various solutions in numerous areas .
Bruce Perlowin is serving as the company ’s new Chairman and CEO .
He has been referred to as the “ King of Pot ” in various articles and was recently interviewed on CNBC ’s most popular feature called “ Marijuana , Inc . ”
Here is a link to that video interview .
Whether or not this one takes off is something we wo n’t speculate on .
If you ever thought that cannabis , pot , weed , or hemp were not going to be applied to a public company , it looks like that has changed .
The Mustang Ranch , a brothel in Nevada , had tried to come public before .
A brothel in Australia did manage to go public at one time .
It seems that even for a legalized medical marijuana company coming public , stranger things have happened .
JON C. OGG
April 3 , 2009
I am concerned that the actual downside of the curve may look very different from the shape envisioned by Hubbert .
The problem is that the limiting factor is likely not geology , but the failure of complex networked systems , particularly the financial system .
Below the fold I show one view of what future oil production could look like , assuming the current unwind in world debt destabilizes the world financial system , and it becomes necessary to rebuild the system almost from scratch .
This graph is kind of scary , but it is also somewhat comforting .
A person gets the idea that while there will be a decline , production will not go down too rapidly .
Because of the apparently slow decline rate , it looks like we should be able to get along pretty well with a little adaptation -- perhaps some electric cars .
A lot of us have an image in the back of our mind of Hubbert 's peak .
Based on this peak , we assume that oil production will decline in much the same pattern as it rose .
For example , in an analysis performed several years ago , Luis de Sousa shows this graph , based on the application of Hubbert 's model to crude oil data available through 2004 .
Based on this analysis , he concluded that oil production was expected to peak around the Summer Solstice of 2006 .
I obviously do n't know precisely what would happen to world crude oil production if the world 's financial system crashes , but here is one possibility :
Figure 2 .
One view of expected future crude oil production , after a world financial crash .
Hubbert 's curve gives us an idea of what maximum oil production might be , given geologic constraints .
My forecast is more at the opposite end of the range -- what the worst case might look like , if the current debt unwind results in a major world - wide financial collapse .
It is impossible to assign a probability to this type of event happening , but even if the probability is very low -- say 1 % -- it would affect planning models that consider a range of outcomes .
Background
Our financial system is debt based .
Since 1971 , the financial system has no tie to gold or any other physical standard .
Instead , in our fractional reserve banking system , money is formed through the issuance of debt .
The more debt that is issued , the more money there is , and the more demand there is for goods and services .
As long as the system is growing , the system works well , because paying back debts with interest does not put too great a strain on the system .
Figure 3 .
When the economic system is growing , it is possible to pay back debt with interest , because even after paying interest , there is enough money left for other things .
For a business or government rolling over debt , cash flow continues to increase .
Figure 4 .
When the economy hits limits , such as an oil supply that cannot grow fast enough to support the growth needed to keep the treadmill going , repaying the debt with interest becomes a huge burden .
We have been reaching that point in the last few years , as oil production remained approximately flat and oil prices rose .
Food prices rose as well , but real wages did not rise fast enough to keep the treadmill going .
Soon defaults on debts started .
Once defaults started on debts , we suddenly shifted into a new cycle :
Peak oil -> higher oil prices , but little additional production -> stagnant wages -> defaults on debt -> banks not in a position to lend as much because of losses on loans -> debt harder to obtain -> lower demand -> lower prices on oil -> layoffs and less investment .
If it were only the oil industry with problems , one would think the problem would be self correcting , since less investment should lead to less production , and eventually prices would go back up , and at least part of the cycle would be fixed .
The problems caused by peak oil and resource limits are much more widespread than just with respect to oil .
Besides the above cycle , we also have a more general cycle :
Peak oil -> higher oil prices , but little additional production -> stagnant wages -> little discretionary income -> cutbacks in buying many discretionary items -> layoffs ( restaurants , newspapers , many businesses ) -> more loan defaults -> banks not in a position to lend as much because of losses on loans -> debt harder to obtain -> lower demand -> lower prices on other commodities , like food -> more defaults and layoffs -> banks in even worse shape -> etc .
These cycles are leading to a huge unwind of debt that has barely begun .
There are also a large number of derivative contracts outstanding , and some of these may generate huge payments ( as has already happened at AIG ) .
These also have barely begun to unwind .
It is not too hard to envision a situation where the worldwide banking system collapses , and it is necessary to start over , perhaps almost from scratch , with new currencies and new international treaties .
As the result of such changes , there is at least the possibility that the world 's financial system may function at only a minimal level , and world oil production will take place at only a very low level .
Some Thoughts on What May be Ahead
At this time , there is vastly more debt than there are assets to pay back the debts .
Many times , two or three or four people or organizations think they have claims on the same assets .
Think of a house .
An investor buys the house , and rents it out .
The renter pays his rent , and has a claim on the house .
The investor is the " owner " , so he has a claim on the place .
The mortgage on the property is likely added to a package of other mortgages , and sliced and diced and resold to other investors .
Each of them indirectly believes that they have some sort of claim to the property .
There also may be an insurer guaranteeing the debt that also has some type of claim .
The Federal government , through one of its loan or debt guarantee programs may also depend on the underlying assets .
In addition , if the owner does n't pay his taxes , the local government may also feel it has a claim to the property .
With all of the debt defaults , and the inability to settle all of the debts equitably , some sort of debt jubilee may be necessary .
This may start with some small countries , like Iceland and perhaps the Ukraine defaulting on their debts .
Gradually more and more countries will default , and their currencies will sink lower and lower .
After a certain point , it may become clear that virtually every economy in the world is in this mess together .
There will be no way that more debt can be issued as " stimulus " to get the world out of this problem .
The only thing that can be done is to start canceling debt , in some sort of debt jubilee , and to start over .
The problem with a debt jubilee is that there would be many too many claimants for many of the world 's assets .
If a wind turbine owner 's debt is cancelled through a debt jubilee , who then " owns " the turbine -- the original owner , or the lender whose debt was cancelled ?
If the debt of a factory making replacement parts for a wind turbine is cancelled , who runs the factory -- the original owner of the factory , or the investor whose debt was cancelled ?
The debts that are cancelled are likely to cross country borders , making for international disputes .
Furthermore , countries may want to retaliate for a loss of one of their overseas investments by grabbing a business located in its own country that has overseas owners .
In not very long , relationships among countries are likely to sink to deteriorate , and international trade will be at much lower levels than in the past .
War may even break out , or border disputes .
" Demand " will be at new low levels , because there is likely to be very little cross - border trade , except with a few trusted partners .
Without this trade , it will not be possible to manufacture goods , other than those using only local products .
In this kind of scenario , prices ( to the extent the monetary system continues to function ) would continue to be very low , because of the low demand .
( A factory that is not operating does n't need raw materials ! )
The credit market would be close to non-existent , because creditors will expect that any debt that is issued could easily be cancelled .
New investment would be limited to what can be financed by cash flow .
With low prices , this cash flow would be very low , further limiting investment .
It is possible that in some parts of the world , the monetary system will cease to function all together , and barter would become necessary .
Because barter is so cumbersome , this is likely to have a further limiting impact on trade .
In such a scenario , I would expect that oil production would be significantly lower than the physical resource available .
If nothing else , it will be difficult for the whole chain from local production to pipeline to refinery to distribution pipeline to consumer to function properly .
Countries that previously exported oil overseas will see that their chances of getting paid are less than 100 % , and may reduce their production to match what they can sell through arrangements with trusted parties .
Production of many other goods may decline as well , as the lack of an adequately functioning monetary system limits the ability of long supply lines to function properly .
Natural gas and coal production may decline , as well as oil production .
Food through mechanized farming may decline , as Liebig 's Law of the Minimum makes itself known .
On Figure 2 , I show only a slight decline in production in 2009 , but then large decreases in 2010 , 2011 , and 2012 to a level not much above 20 million barrels a day .
If it reaches such a low level , due to a widespread failure of the financial system , I would expect electricity to be affected in many locations , and because of electricity , water and sewer systems .
Some large cities may become uninhabitable .
Under such a scenario , I expect all of this would take a while to get sorted out .
If there is a widespread failure of the monetary system , it is possible that many governments would be replaced .
Some countries may fall to pieces , in the manner of the Soviet Union after its collapse in 1991 .
Governments may not have much faith in other governments -- except perhaps with a few trusted trade / strategic partners .
New monetary systems will likely be put in place , but many will not be any better than the previous ones , so bubbles and further collapses may occur .
In such an environment , international businesses will find it virtually impossible to survive .
Businesses are likely become much smaller and more local .
As I have shown on Figure 2 , it may be many years before oil production begins to rise again .
In fact , it may never rise again , if international trade stays at a low level .
I would expect that the renaissance , when it comes , would begin with basic human needs , in local communities and local agriculture .
People will grow their own food , and trade with others in their community .
There will be small shops that make shoes and clothing and cooking utensils .
People may begin to raise animals for transportation .
People will still need energy for heating their homes and for cooking .
The initial impulse will be to cut down trees for these purposes , but with the world 's large population , this will tend to produce deforestation .
Neo -environmentalists may urge people to use other products for this purpose -- such as coal or oil , if these can be obtained .
There may be some local electricity produced , particularly water generated , if transmission systems can be kept in good enough repair .
If this scenario happens , it is difficult for me to see much of a future for large complex systems that require specialized parts from around the world .
Thus , I would expect large wind turbines to fall into disrepair in a few years , and solar PV panels to be very difficult to obtain , after such a crash scenario .
Smaller windmills , similar to what a person sees on old farms , may come back into popular use , as may coal operated steam engines ( at least in the US , where coal is still plentiful ) .
If you have been following the interconnected threads of what is occurring in our system , you are aware that the above scenario is at least a possibility .
Due to the complexities involved , it is impossible to estimate a percentage likelihood of this particular trajectory , but the odds are increasing of something like it .
If such a scenario should happen , it could result in our world becoming a very different place in a very short time .
If the odds of this happening are more than very slight , what should our response be ?
Should we be devoting all of our efforts towards avoiding this scenario , or allocating some resources towards adapting to it ?
With the massive exodus towards online publishing , many people hardly reach for the newspaper these days .
If there ’s one thing I truly miss from the newspaper , it would be reading the comic strips .
There ’s something magical about comic strips that seems to lighten your day and make you feel good .
There ’s certainly something to be said about starting your day with a bit of humor .
I figured that we ’re so immersed in the Internet that it would be cool to compile a list of funny strips related to web design , the Internet and of course blogging .
Take a few minutes from your busy day to relax , have some fun and see how many of these situations relate to you … :)
1. There ’s Something in the Air
2. Untitled
3. Do n’t Look a Gift - Horse in the Mouth …
4. Open Apple
5. Dinner for a Million
6. Paradise Lost ( Again )
7. Irreversible
8. Relax !
9. Monomania
10 . Weighty Cases
11 . The Life and Death of Design
12 . Not Beyond Hope
13 . Getting to the Core of the Matter
14 . The Customer is Always Right
15 . Starting for Reality
16 . Girl Friday to the Rescue
17 . What to Do
18 . Vermin
19 . Not Bad at All
20 . All my Valentine’s
21 . Ruined
22.Home Truth
23 . On the Bleeding ‘ Edge ’
24 . Night Moves
25 . The 4 Stages of Web Hosting Grief
26 . Shrinking Self Esteem
27 . Are you a Web Analytics Junkie ?
28 . Unplugged
29 . Vowing Wedding Favors
30 . Good Quality Pet Blogging
31 . A New Firefox Security Problem
32 . Huge Software Sale
33 . The Windows Vista Ultimate Element
34 . Where Do You Think You ’re Going , Mister ?
35 . Act Like a Professional
36 . Malcontent Blogger
37 . I Really Wanna Wii , Please
38 . This Is The Future
39 . Heart Shaped Blog
40 . Web Two Point Ohhh
Credits
All copyright belongs to the respective authors .
Thanks to bLaugh , PC Weenies and Kopozky for sharing their comic strips with us .
Make sure you visit their websites for more fun !
Which one was your favorite ?
Which other comic strips do you read ?
Please share with us …
By John McManus
BBC News
Both sides have deployed posters and billboards to get their message across Voters in Berlin are preparing to go to the polls to decide whether children should have a choice between classes in secular ethics or religion .
Sunday 's referendum has been organised by Berliners from the city 's religious communities , including Muslims .
Ethics classes have been compulsory in Berlin schools since 2006 .
But in most of the rest of Germany pupils have a choice between religion and ethics .
Opponents say that any changes to the curriculum will be divisive .
Berlin introduced ethics classes after the " honour " killing of a Muslim woman by her husband , a shocking incident in a city that is often seen as a multicultural success story .
Before the change , children in the city could choose to take voluntary religious education classes , but these were poorly attended .
The ethics classes were intended to instil a sense of shared secular values in children , whatever their personal religious beliefs .
Multicultural mix Classes in religion could only be taken outside of school hours .
Now , an alliance of religious campaigners and parents ' groups says the attendance rate for these lessons has dropped even further , by up to two - thirds , and that action must be taken .
Ethical versus religious education : Berliners will decide on Sunday The Pro-Reli campaign - " Reli " being the colloquial shorthand for religious lessons - persuaded 265,000 people to sign a petition , which led to the referendum .
And German Chancellor Angela Merkel has added her voice to the debate .
She told a meeting of her Christian Democratic Union party on Friday that she supported the Pro-Reli campaign .
" I hope that many citizens come out in support of it , " she said .
Berlin 's ethnic mix includes the largest Muslim community in Germany , and all eyes are now on them to see how they vote on Sunday .
Many people from the community support the proposed change in the law , hoping that if it is successful , Islam will find its way into the official school day .
The Turkish - Islamic Union for Religious Affairs ( Ditib ) is one such supporter .
Their spokesperson Ender Cetin argues that fostering a knowledge of officially - sanctioned Islam can help prevent young people from being lured into radicalism .
" It 's important that schools have enlightened Islamic lessons , and that we avoid unofficial Koran lessons in backyards . "
Julia Sebastian , a spokesperson for Pro-Reli , says the campaigners just want what children in most of the rest of the country have .
" We were pretty surprised we got so many signatures to force the referendum , " she said .
She is not surprised that Ditib is supporting the motion .
" They feel this is a much better tool for integration .
There is a certain fear about Islam entering schools , but I 'm not afraid of it .
" I think the government can deal with radicalism better by having Islam in schools . "
But opponents of the change argue that focusing on religious rules could lead to young people missing out on shared secular values .
Germany 's Left Party is among those campaigning for a " No " vote .
Their vice - president in the Bundestag - parliament 's lower house - is Petra Pau , a former teacher .
She accused Catholics of trying to lead a new crusade .
At least 600,000 Berliners must vote for the referendum to even be valid and a majority of those must support the change for it to go through .
To that end , both sides have put up posters around Berlin , many of which have been defaced .
It is a sign that feelings are running high in a classic case of secularism versus religion .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Die von der Bundesregierung initiierte Sperrung kinderpornografischer Internet - Seiten wird sich um etliche Monate verzögern .
Die Deutsche Telekom machte im Nachrichtenmagazin Focus technische Hürden dafür verantwortlich .
Telekom - Sprecher Ralf Sauerzapf sagte : " Wir müssen eine Software entwickeln , die es bis dato noch gar nicht gibt , und diese auf einigen hundert Servern testen und installieren . "
Die Entwicklung und Umsetzung dieses vollautomatischen Verfahrens koste mehr Zeit als gedacht .
" Die Sperre kann daher voraussichtlich erst in einem halben Jahr aktiviert werden " , so Sauerzapf . ( dpa ) / ( uk )
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Republican lawmakers who decry climate change legislation as catastrophic for American businesses were left in the lurch on Wednesday afternoon — by reps of American businesses .
The split came at a hearing conducted by Rep. Henry Waxman ( D - Calif. ) , chairman of the powerful House energy and commerce committee , who has promised to deliver comprehensive climate change by Memorial Day .
In March , he released a sweeping draft bill that received accolades from the environmental community and the Obama administration .
Since January , he has held 41 days of hearings with 61 witnesses .
This week , in a set of marathon hearings , Waxman will hear from 67 more .
Corporate America certainly sees the train coming down the tracks .
After top Obama administration officials appeared before Waxman ’s committee on Wednesday morning , voicing strong support for a bill that would boost renewable energy development , create green jobs , and reduce global warming emissions , a panel of corporate leaders were nearly as enthusiastic — even as committee Republicans blasted the legislation as a prescription for economic disaster .
While Rep. Mike Rogers , a Michigan Republican , assailed the bill as “ an assault on the middle class , ” Meg McDonald , director of global issues for Alcoa , expressed her company ’s “ support for comprehensive climate change legislation this year . ”
Climate change , she said , requires “ immediate action ” from “ every sector of society . ”
McDonald was echoed by Charles Holliday , chairman and one - time CEO of DuPont .
“ I firmly believe this is an opportunity for American industry to reinvent itself , ” he said .
“ We are fundamentally behind this approach . ”
Jim Rogers , the CEO of Duke Energy , said , “ I recognize that we are part of the problem . ”
Later , under questioning , he added , “ We believe now is the time to act . ”
David Crane , the CEO of NRG Energy , said that his company has a “ moral imperative ” to reduce its emissions “ substantially . ”
With Waxman fast - tracking the climate change bill , these executives recognized that they cannot denounce the legislation and still hope to have any influence in shaping it .
Instead , they have chosen to get on board , offering suggestions and mild criticisms .
In his testimony , Holliday said he hoped that Congress would keep the cost of its final product “ manageable . ”
McDonald said he ’d like to see a cap - and - trade program that is engineered to “ minimize the impact on the competitiveness of American business . ”
Crane argued for a commitment to clean coal .
The willingness of corporate America to engage with the Democrats left the Republicans without an expected ally .
The Republicans ’ doom - and - gloom rhetoric did not match the sentiments of corporate America , which once largely stood with the GOP in opposition to congressional action on global warming .
Rep. Joe Barton ( R - Texas ) , the ranking member of Waxman ’s committee , suggested that if anyone wants to experience what life in America would be like after the proposed bill reduces US greenhouse gas emissions to 83 percent below 2005 levels — Waxman ’s stated goal — they should go live in a low - emissions Nigeria .
“ I do n’t believe that mankind is the primary cause of climate change , ” he said .
“ I do accept that CO2 levels are rising — I think it ’s debatable if that ’s a good thing or a bad thing . ”
Republicans pushed for clean coal and nuclear power .
They insisted that America cannot green itself without China and India committing to do the same , lest those countries poach business from the US .
They warned that a cap - and - trade program would increase energy bills , impoverishing the middle class and harming American industry .
Rep. Fred Upton ( R - Mich . ) repeatedly called cap - and - trade “ cap and tax . ”
As in , “ Cap and tax will essentially kick working families while they ’re down ” and “ cap and tax will devastate [ the ] US economy . ”
( That second Upton quote was the inch - high headline of a press release handed out by Upton ’s staff at the hearing . )
In his opening statement , Upton encapsulated the Republican opposition , and highlighted how far his party ’s position has diverged from that of the business community .
“ If the objective is to send manufacturing jobs overseas , destroy the Midwest , mortgage our future , and hand over the keys to our superpower status , ” he said , “ then I say job well done . ”
The regulated legalisation of drugs would have major benefits for taxpayers , victims of crime , local communities and the criminal justice system , according to the first comprehensive comparison between the cost - effectiveness of legalisation and prohibition .
The authors of the report , which is due to be published today , suggest that a legalised , regulated market could save the country around £ 14bn .
For many years the government has been under pressure to conduct an objective cost - benefit analysis of the current drugs policy , but has failed to do so despite calls from MPs .
Now the drugs reform charity , Transform , has commissioned its own report , examining all aspects of prohibition from the costs of policing and investigating drugs users and dealers to processing them through the courts and their eventual incarceration .
As well as such savings is the likely taxation revenue in a regulated market .
However , there are also the potential costs of increased drug treatment , education and public information campaigns about the risks and dangers of drugs , similar to those for tobacco and alcohol , and the costs of running a regulated system .
The report looked at four potential scenarios , ranging from no increase in drugs use to a 100 % rise as they become more readily available .
" The conclusion is that regulating the drugs market is a dramatically more cost - effective policy than prohibition and that moving from prohibition to regulated drugs markets in England and Wales would provide a net saving to taxpayers , victims of crime , communities , the criminal justice system and drug users of somewhere within the range of , for the four scenarios , £ 13.9bn , £ 10.8bn , £ 7.7bn , £ 4.6bn . "
Titled a Comparison of the Cost - effectiveness of the Prohibition and Regulation of Drugs , the report uses government figures on the costs of crime to assess the potential benefits and disadvantages of change .
The document , co-written by Steve Rolles , head of research at Transform , uses home office and No 10 strategy unit reports to form its conclusions .
It finds : " The government specifically claims the benefits of any move away from prohibition towards legal regulation would be outweighed by the costs .
No such cost - benefit analysis , or even a proper impact assessment of existing enforcement policy and legislation has ever been carried out here or anywhere else in the world . "
Taxing drugs would also provide big revenue gains , says the survey .
An Independent Drug Monitoring
Unit estimate , quoted in the report , suggests up to £ 1.3 bn could be generated by a £ 1 per gram tax on cannabis resin and £ 2 per gram on skunk .
The report follows calls for legalisation or a full debate on reform .
Last month , the Economist concluded : " Prohibition has failed ; legalisation is the least bad solution . "
The cinema is one of the few places left where we ’re told to turn off our phones and disconnect from the world for a couple of hours .
But that could be about to change if rumors of an iPhone ‘ theater mode ’ prove to be true .
The rumors have come from established Apple news leaker Sonny Dickson , who recently tweeted that iOS version 10.3 could see the introduction of this ‘ theater mode ’ and that it would have a new “ popcorn - shaped control center icon . ”
A theater mode could mean many things but the popcorn icon heavily suggests a mode that ’s intended to make iPhones more cinema - friendly .
iOS 10.3 to feature a new Theatre mode - will include a new popcorn - shaped Control Center icon .
December 30 , 2016
Dark mode
Since the tweet does n’t offer any more information on what exactly theater mode is for or what it will do , speculation is rife , with many suggesting the mode could involve darker screens or silent notifications .
Whether or not such changes would actually make a phone more acceptable to use in the cinema is probably more of a matter of opinion .
In a completely dark room it ’s hard not to notice a phone screen flash up in your periphery , even when the screen brightness is dimmed .
Besides the distraction it causes for other people , if we use our phones during a film we ’ve usually paid quite a lot of money to see , it ’s unlikely that we ’re giving it our full attention .
How often have you unwittingly missed half an hour of your favorite TV show because you got caught in an Instagram black hole ?
For those who absolutely can’t turn off their phones , even in the cinema , because they have to be available in the event of an emergency , such a mode could be a blessing .
Not only would it allow them to enjoy a film without worrying someone specific is trying to contact them , it would allow them to check any notifications to ease their mind with minimal distraction to others .
A theater mode would have its positives and negatives but whether it actually will be a feature in the future iOS update is still to be confirmed .
A comment on another forum said : " This is such double standards by the BBC .
Is it OK to ridicule and be nasty about Mrs Thatcher on national TV , but not OK for someone to say something in private ?
Jo Brand obviously has a real issue with the Thatchers . "
JSONRequest
Douglas Crockford
douglas@crockford.com
2006 -04 -17 ( Updated 2012-08-10 )
Abstract
XMLHttpRequest has a security model that is inadequate for supporting the next generation of web applications .
JSONRequest is proposed as a new browser service that allows for two - way data exchange with any JSON data server without exposing users or organization to harm .
It exchanges data between scripts on pages with JSON servers in the web .
It is hoped that browser makers will build this feature into their products in order to enable the next advance in web application development .
Motivation
The next generation of web applications will be much more data intensive .
They will want to go to a server , any server , and exchange data .
The XMLHttpRequest interface suggests , but does not achieve , this .
It is severely limited by a defective security model .
XMLHttpRequest is constrained by the Same Origin Policy .
This constrains the interface to only connect with the server that delivered the base page .
This rule deals with some common , long - standing security flaws in web architecture .
If the Same Origin Policy were not in place , then the user could be harmed by XSS ( cross site scripting ) attacks .
In the following examples , we will have a page that was created by miscreants at pirate .
net .
That page will attempt to compromise the user 's relationship with penzance.org .
If the Same Origin Policy were not in effect , a pirate .
net page could send a request via XMLHttpRequest to penzance.org .
That request would carry the penzance.org cookies .
If penzance .org were using cookies for authentication , then it would be tricked into acting on the request as though it had been initiated by the user .
Any request to a site will carry the cookies associated with the site .
This would allow pirate .
net the right to use penzance.org cookies .
If penzance.org sits behind a firewall , and if the internal servers assume that the firewall makes explicit authorization unnecessary , then the pirate .
net page could be used as a proxy , accessing the contents of penzance.org for transmission back to pirate .
net .
This would be possible because XMLHttpRequest can obtain XML - like data ( such as HTML documents ) as well as non-XML text .
The Same Origin Policy frustrates these attacks , but it also frustrates a larger class of legitimate uses .
It should be possible for a script in a page to access data from other servers without compromising the security of the user or his organization .
Surprisingly , the Same Origin Policy does not apply to scripts .
So some developers have begun to dynamically generate < script > tags to connect to any server .
The server sends back a script which delivers some data .
Unfortunately , the script runs with the same authority as a scripts from the originating page , allowing the script to steal cookies or directly access the originating server .
This is unsafe .
If a penzance .org page loaded a script from pirate .
net , the script could damage the relationship between penzance.org and its users by stealing cookies and making requests of the penzance.org server .
This document proposes a safe , reliable data service which will allow a script on any page to connect to any server and exchange data .
It would make it possible for a page from pirate .
net to access data from any server without compromising penzance.org , and for penzance.org to access pirate .
net data on its pages without compromising its own users .
JSON
JSON is a data interchange format which is based on a safe subset of JavaScript .
JSON can represent simple or complex structured data .
JSON cannot represent functions or expressions .
It is strictly data .
It has very specific rules of syntax , so it is very straightforward to determine that a JSON text is syntactically well formed .
A JSON text can easily be converted into a JavaScript value , which makes it a very convenient format for use with JavaScript .
There is support for use of JSON with many other languages , including C# , Java , Perl , PHP , Python , and Ruby .
More information on JSON can be found at www.JSON.org .
JSON does not look like XML , so HTML text fed to a JSON parser will produce an error .
JSONRequest
JSONRequest is a global JavaScript object .
It provides three methods : post , get , and cancel .
JSONRequest.post
JSONRequest .post does an HTTP POST of the serialization of a JavaScript object or array , gets the response , and parses the response into a JavaScript value .
If the parse is successful , it returns the value to the requesting script .
In making the request , no HTTP authentication or cookies are sent .
Any cookies returned by the server cause the request to fail .
The JSONRequest service can only be used to send and receive JSON - encoded values .
JSONRequest cannot be used to retrieve other text formats .
JSONRequest .post takes four parameters :
parameter type description url string The URL to POST to .
The URL does not need to be related to the page 's URL .
send object
The JavaScript object or array to send as the POST data .
It will be serialized as JSON text .
Cyclical structures will fail .
done function ( requestNumber , value , exception )
The function to be called when the request is completed .
If the request was successful , the function will receive the request number and the returned value .
If it is not successful , it will receive the request number and an exception object .
The done function will not be called until after the call to JSONRequest returns a serial number .
timeout number
The number of milliseconds to wait for the response .
This parameter is optional .
The default is 10000 ( 10 seconds ) .
JSONRequest .post returns a serial number if the request parameters are acceptable .
It throws a JSONRequestError exception if the request is rejected .
The request will be rejected if
The url string is not a properly formatted URL .
string is not a properly formatted URL .
The send value can not be serialized .
It will be rejected if it is not an object or array or if it is cyclical .
( Functions and host objects will not be included in the serialization . )
value can not be serialized .
It will be rejected if it is not an object or array or if it is cyclical .
( Functions and host objects will not be included in the serialization . )
The done value is not a function .
value is not a function .
The timeout value is not a positive number .
The request number may be used by a script to match requests with responses .
It is provided as a convenience for programmers who are not comfortable with the use of function values and closures , and for request cancellation .
Example :
requestNumber = JSONRequest.post ( " https://json.penzance.org/request " , { user : " doctoravatar@yahoo.com " , t : " vlIj " , zip : 94089 , forecast : 7 } , function ( requestNumber , value , exception ) { if ( value ) { processResponse ( value ) ; } else { processError( exception ) ; } } ) ;
After JSONRequest.post has verified the parameters , it will queue the request and return the request number .
The done function value will be invoked later when the outcome of the request is known .
No cookies or implicit authentication information are sent with the POST operation .
Any authentication information must be placed in the send data or in the url .
The JSON text that was serialized from the send data is used as the body of the request .
The character encoding is UTF - 8 .
An implementation may choose to gzip the JSON text .
The request may use either http or https .
This choice is independent of the security of the page .
POST / request HTTP / 1.1 Accept : application / jsonrequest Content - Encoding : identity Content - Length : 72 Content - Type : application / jsonrequest Host : json.penzance.org { " user " : " doctoravatar@penzance.com " , " forecast " : 7 , " t " : " vlIj " , " zip " : 94089}
After the server has acknowledged the request , it has until the time limit expires to produce a response .
If the time limit is exceeded , or if the connection is closed before a complete response is sent , then the request fails .
If the HTTP status code is not 200 OK , then the request fails .
HTTP/1.1 200 OK Content - Type : application / jsonrequest Content - Length : xxxx
The body of the response is a JSON text , encoded in UTF - 8 .
If the text contains any JSON encoding errors , then the request fails .
If the request succeeds , then the done function is called with the request number and the value obtained from the parsing of the JSON text .
If the request fails , then the done function is called with the request number and an exception object , indicating the communication failure .
If a server wishes to communicate an application - level error , then it should return it as a JSON text with an HTTP status code of 200 OK .
The browser must be able to keep open at least two requests per host per page .
Excess requests may be queued .
The browser should attempt to keep alive connections .
These connections are counted separately from the connections that the browser uses to fetch HTML and related resources .
JSONRequest.get
JSONRequest.get does an HTTP GET request , gets the response , and parses the response into a JavaScript value .
If the parse is successful , it returns the value to the requesting script .
In making the request , no HTTP authentication or cookies are sent .
Any cookies returned by the server cause the request to fail .
The JSONRequest .get service can only be used to obtain JSON - encoded values .
JSONRequest.get cannot be used to retrieve other text formats .
JSONRequest.get takes three parameters :
parameter type description url string The URL to GET from .
The URL does not need to be related to the page 's URL .
done function ( requestNumber , value , exception )
The function to be called when the request is completed .
If the request was successful , the function will receive the request number and the returned value .
If it is not successful , it will receive the request number and an exception object .
The done function will not be called until after the call to JSONRequest returns a serial number .
timeout number
The number of milliseconds to wait for the response .
This parameter is optional .
The default is 10000 ( 10 seconds ) .
JSONRequest.get returns a serial number if the request parameters are acceptable .
It throws a JSONRequestError exception if the request is rejected .
The request will be rejected if
The url string is not a properly formatted URL .
string is not a properly formatted URL .
The done value is not a function .
The request number can be used by a script to match requests with responses .
Example :
requestNumber = JSONRequest.get ( " https://json.penzance.org/request " , function ( requestNumber , value , exception ) { if ( value ) { processResponse ( value ) ; } else { processError( exception ) ; } } ) ;
After JSONRequest.get has verified the parameters , it will queue the request and return the request number .
The done function value will be invoked later when the outcome of the request is known .
No cookies or implicit authentication information is sent with the GET operation .
Any authentication information must be placed in the url .
The request may use either http or https .
This choice is independent of the security of the page .
GET / request HTTP / 1.1 Accept : application / jsonrequest Host : json.penzance.org
After the server has acknowledged the request , it has until the timeout interval expires to produce a response .
If the time limit is exceeded , or if the connection is closed before a complete response is sent , then the request fails .
HTTP/1.1 200 OK Content - Type : application / jsonrequest Content - Length : xxxx
The body of the response is a JSON text , encoded in UTF - 8 .
If the text contains any JSON encoding errors , then the request fails .
If the request succeeds , then the done function is called with the request number and the value obtained from the parsing of the JSON text .
If the request fails , then the done function is called with the request number and an exception object , indicating the communication failure .
If a server wishes to communicate an application - level error , then it should return it as a JSON text with an HTTP status code of 200 OK .
An implementation may cache the results of GET requests .
JSONRequest.clear
A document can be removed from the GET cache by calling JSONRequest.
clear with its url .
Nothing is returned .
It is not possible to determine with this function if the document had ever been in the cache .
JSONRequest.clear( url ) ;
JSONRequest.cancel
A request can be canceled by calling JSONRequest .
cancel with the request number as the only parameter .
Nothing is returned .
There is no guarantee that the request will not be sent to the server since it is possible that it had been transmitted before the cancel request was made .
JSONRequest.cancel(requestNumber ) ;
If the request is still in the outgoing message queue , it will be deleted from the queue .
If the request is in progress , an attempt will be made to abort it .
If the request cannot be found , then the cancellation will be ignored .
When a message is successfully canceled , the done callback function of the request is called with an exception message of " canceled " .
It is possible that from the server 's point of view , the transaction was completed normally , but in the client 's point of view was canceled .
HTTP Header Fields
Accept
The only accept type used with JSONRequest is application / jsonrequest .
The use of this unique type prevents JSONRequest from interacting with legacy systems that assumed that a firewall was sufficient to protect them from unintended web access .
Content - Type
The only content type used with JSONRequest is application / jsonrequest .
Content - Encoding
The content encoding can be identity ( the default ) or gzip .
Exceptions
Exceptions can be produced either when the JSONRequest function is called , or when the done callback function is invoked .
An exception object contains a name member whose value will always be the string " JSONRequestError " , and a message member , which contains a string that explains the error .
{name : " JSONRequestError " , message : " error message " }
These are the messages that can be produced .
message meaning " bad URL " The URL was not formatted correctly and could not be used to make a request .
" bad data "
The send data was not an object or array , or was cyclical , or was too big .
" bad function "
The callback function was not a function with an arity of 3 . " bad timeout "
The timeout parameter is not a positive integer .
" not ok " The server supplied a response that was not 200 OK .
" no response "
The server did not respond , or a timeout occurred .
" bad response "
The response was not a valid JSON text , or had unexpected material in the HTTP response header .
" canceled "
The response was canceled .
Delay
When a request fails ( delivering an exception object with the message " not ok " , " no response " , or " bad response " to a done callback function ) , then a delay will be added to the dispatching of all subsequent requests .
This is intended to frustrate denial of service attacks , timing analysis attacks , and exhaustive search attacks .
Each failure increases the current delay value by 500 milliseconds plus a random number of milliseconds ( between 0 and 511 ) .
Each successful request reduces the delay by 10 milliseconds until the delay goes to zero .
Each page keeps its own delay value .
Canceled requests increase the delay by 20 milliseconds .
Security
The JSONRequest has some features that allow it to be exempted from the Same Origin Policy .
JSONRequest does not send or receive cookies or passwords in HTTP headers .
This avoids false authorization situations .
Knowing the name of a site does not grant the ability to use its browser credentials .
JSONRequest works only with JSON text .
The JSONRequest cannot be used to access legacy data or documents or scripts .
This avoids attacks on internal websites which assume that access is sufficient authorization .
A request will fail if the response is not perfectly UTF - 8 encoded .
Suboptimal aliases and surrogates will fail .
A request will fail if the response is not strictly in JSON format .
A request will fail if the server does not respond to POST with a JSON payload .
Reponses will be rejected unless they contain a JSONRequest content type .
This makes it impossible to use JSONRequest to obtain data from insecure legacy servers .
JSONRequest reveals very little error information .
In some cases , the goal of a miscreant is to access the information that can be obtained from an error message .
JSONRequest does not return this information to the requesting script .
It may provide the information to the user through a log or other mechanism , but not in a form that the script can ordinarily access .
JSONRequest accumulates random delays before acting on new requests when previous requests have failed .
This is to frustrate timing analysis attacks and denial of service attacks .
The JSONRequest does only one thing :
It exchanges data between scripts on pages with JSON servers in the web .
It provides this highly valuable service while introducing no new security vulnerabilities .
A browser within a filewall may have the capability to interact with a server ( penzance.org ) .
Computers on the outside do not have that capability .
Can a computer on the outside ( pirate.net ) cause a browser to act as its agent in interacting with an internal server ?
Current , XMLHttpRequest does not allow a script from a page from pirate .
net to connect to penzance.org because of the Same Origin Policy .
JSONRequest does allow the connection , but with some limitations :
The Content - Type in both directions is application / jsonrequest .
in both directions is .
The POST body data will be in JSON format .
The response data will be in JSON format .
The character encoding in both directions will be UTF - 8 , strictly enforced .
But what of legacy applications that accept POST .
Could JSONRequest be used to improperly POST to these applications , thereby corrupting databases ?
JSONRequest mitigates this danger because Cookies and HTTP authentication are not sent .
Contrast this to form.
submit , which can send a POST body and cookies and HTTP authentication .
JSONRequest is more secure than the form .
submit feature which is currently implemented everywhere .
By switching to a policy of responding only to well - formatted JSONRequest , applications can be made more secure .
Duplex
JSONRequest is designed to support duplex connections .
This permits applications in which the server can asynchronously initiate transmissions .
This is done by using two simultaneous requests : one to send and the other to receive .
By using the timeout parameter , a POST request can be left pending until the server determines that it has timely data to send .
Duplex connections can be used in realtime notification applications such as process management and finance .
It can also be used in collaborative applications such as instant messaging , instant email , chat , games , presentation , and shared applications .
