Young supporters of the Sonce coalition , led by Macedonian socialists SDSM , at a rally for the 2008 general elections .
Photo by EPA / BGNES .
The Macedonian Constitutional Court pleasantly surprised Macedonians Friday when it announced that they possess a fundamental right to have sex , report Bulgarian media .
As a matter of fact , the message published by the Constitutional Court refers in particular to a recent spate between it and Macedonian daily Vecer , in which the paper severely criticized the high Court about it declaring unconstitutional the recently adopted Law on Stimulation of Natality .
The statement , signed by the Court 's spokeperson Jugoslav Milenkovic , includes the admonition that the people attacking the Court 's rejection of the law “ should not feel intimidated by the Court 's determinations in the sphere of sex , and can freely practice it wherever they should wish , within the bounds of propriety and moral values . ”
The Vecer daily came out Friday with an explicit headline : “ Constitutional Court : F*** Wherever You Like ! ” ( without the asterisks ) .
Vecer is regarded as close to Macedonian PM Nikola Gruevski , chair of center - right VMRO - DPMNE , and accuses the Court of supporting rival center - left SDSM .
GEORGETOWN , Ky. -- Terrell
Owens arrived fashionably late , received a white jersey with his favorite number , and got a smattering of applause for doing even the simplest thing .
Every catch was an event .
A few thousand fans showed up for Owens ' first practice with the Cincinnati Bengals , who signed him to a one - year deal on Thursday evening , then got a preliminary glimpse of what the 36 - year - old receiver has left .
" He has n't slowed down , " quarterback Carson Palmer said .
" He 's a guy that 's kind of ageless and he 's still got a lot left in the tank . "
Owens enjoyed the reception -- fans cheering every catch and screaming his name to lure him over for autographs when the two - hour workout ended .
" I think this team is special , " Owens said .
" I really feel that there is something around the corner for this team .
With me being here , ( it ) has really created a buzz .
I think the guys feel the energy . "
The energy came a bit late .
Owens missed an overnight flight that would have brought him to town earlier in the day , allowing for a proper introduction .
Instead , he caught a later flight , rolled in less than an hour before an evening practice and suited up without talking to the media .
He and buddy Chad Ochocinco were the last two to jog onto the field , drawing loud applause .
Owens occasionally waved to the fans in appreciation , but played it low - key throughout the two - hour workout .
So began the TO - and - Ocho era .
" It 's a circus , " Palmer said .
" Him and Chad , them being them .
It 's funny .
I was laughing . "
Palmer knows that Owens has a reputation for turning on his quarterback .
Owens got a chance to join the Bengals in part because Palmer lobbied to sign him after watching their workouts in California .
" I think Carson being that quarterback that can get the ball up and down the field at any given point on the field -- that makes my mouth water , " Owens said .
" I 've longed to have a quarterback like Carson . "
Now he 's got him .
Got his favorite number , too .
Owens wore his customary No. 81 , part of a deal he made with the previous owner .
Receiver Antonio Bryant got the number when the Bengals chose him over Owens in the offseason , giving him a four - year deal .
Bryant said after a morning practice that he had already talked to Owens and agreed to give up his number .
" I'm a realist , " Bryant said .
" I said , ' Hey , man , I 'm not going to make no big spectacle about it .
You 've got a bigger legacy and a number than I do .
I 've been on several teams like you , but I 've changed my number several times .
You 've had the same number .
" I do n't need your money , ' " Bryant said .
" ' All I want you to do is take care of one of my little league programs in Miami .
Send them a small donation and we 'll go from there . ' "
First , Owens had to arrive .
It was n't as easy as planned .
The Bengals expected him to show up early in the day , take his physical and sign his one - year contract while the rest of the team held its first workout .
They scheduled an introductory news conference after the morning practice .
The news conference had to be rescheduled for after the evening session because Owens missed his red - eye flight .
On his Twitter account , Owens mentioned the delay .
" My Press conf about my " Decision " 2 take my talents 2 Cincy will b held 2nite after 7 pm practice ! ! " he tweeted , playing off LeBron James ' one - hour television show announcing his decision to leave Cleveland .
Owens also misspelled Cincinnati in one of his tweets and was corrected by a follower .
The Los Angeles Kings and California Seals brought the NHL to the West Coast of the United States in 1967 , but it can be said that hockey really did n't arrive in California until Aug. 9 , 1988 .
That was the day of Wayne Gretzky 's monumental trade to the Kings .
Like a one - man army , Gretzky carried the NHL into living rooms where the only ice was in people 's freezers .
More than 20 years later , the reverberations of that move can best be seen at the yearly NHL Entry Draft .
For the first time , the Entry Draft will be held in Los Angeles , and a number of players from California are in line to hear their name called pretty early at the June 25 - 26 selection process .
Medicine Hat Tigers right wing Emerson Etem , No. 8 on NHL Central Scouting 's ranking of North American skaters , grew up in nearby Long Beach .
He led all first - year Western Hockey League players with 37 goals and was fourth with 65 points .
He is n't the only highly regarded player with California roots .
Five players in Central Scouting 's top 100 North American skaters hail from the Golden State -- Etem ; No. 32 Beau Bennett of Torrance ( Penticton , BCHL ) ; No. 51 Jason Zucker of Newport Beach ( USNTDP ) ; No. 68 Jacob Fallon of Riverside ( Indiana , USHL ) ; and No. 88 Taylor Aronson of Placentia ( Portland , WHL ) .
Those five are one more than hockey - centric Massachusetts ( four ) and just one fewer than Michigan ( six ) .
It 's just another step in the growth of youth hockey in the state in the Gretzky generation .
Rancho Santa Margarita native Jonathan Blum became the first California - born and - trained first - round draft pick when the Nashville Predators took him No. 23 in the 2007 Entry Draft , and California players have dotted the draft list over the last few years .
Etem , who is expected to go in the top 15 , could replace Blum as the highest - drafted California - born player ever .
" Wayne 's influence created a demand for ice time , " said Pat Brisson , a Los Angeles - based agent who represents top NHL players like Sidney Crosby and Patrick Kane .
" I saw it firsthand .
I was here .
Youth hockey took off .
...
And now you see kids born in 1990 , 1991 , ' 92 or ' 93 in L.A. are now going to come into the NHL draft because of what Wayne did .
" Gretzky made hockey cool , and Kings games became not just things to see , but places to be seen .
And in image - mad Hollywood , celebrities jumped on the bandwagon .
" I started teaching hockey to actors , celebrities and just regular moms and dads who wanted to try this hockey thing , " Brisson said .
Etem got his start on pavement before he jumped on the ice .
" Like many kids from California playing hockey nowadays , I started playing roller hockey at age 3 , and when I started getting bigger , about 6 , I started playing ice hockey , " Etem said .
" Played youth hockey not far from where I lived .
We had pretty good coaches from all over who settled there .
" It was Etem 's parents who first signed him up for hockey , much like Steve Long of Santa Ana and Mitch Wahl Sr. of Long Beach did for their sons .
" Back in the day nobody talked about hockey , " Wahl said , " but everybody knew Gretzky .
" " The Great One 's " arrival in Los Angeles immediately turned the Kings into contenders .
In their first season with Gretzky , the Kings improved from 68 points to 91 , and won a playoff series for the first time since 1982 .
In 1990 - 91 , they won the only division title in club history and finished with 102 points .
Two seasons later , they had their magical run to the 1993 Stanley Cup Final .
" I can remember that was the first time I saw the little ( Kings ) flags flying on the windows , " Long said .
" It was a big deal .
Each game , from the semifinals on , each game was like high drama .
It was a wonderful run .
The Kings were on the front page of the sports sections , they were the top of the sporting news .
People that had never watched the game started to watch it at that point .
There was a big buzz about the team at that point .
...
It was fun .
People that did n't know hockey were interested in hockey .
" Those people included Long 's son , Colin , and Wahl 's son , also named Mitch .
" For my kids and kids their age , that was the first sporting event he watched and remembers , " Steve Long said .
" That was what hooked him on those games .
" While hockey 's popularity was growing fast , there was n't near enough ice .
" When I first started there must have been about 10 rinks , but some of these rinks were lower basement - type rinks that were probably a hardwood floor for roller hockey , " said Helen Alex , a transplant from Toronto and the mother of two hockey - playing sons .
"
In our neighborhood , maybe five rinks , " added Mitch Wahl Sr. " Westminster was just a supermarket they converted into a small rink .
It was mainly for figure skating and recreational skating .
" More and better ice palaces were built , and youth hockey , which had been a near non-entity , began taking off .
Among the half - dozen or so competitive teams were elite - level organizations like the California Wave and Los Angeles Junior Kings .
While elite - level California hockey was considered an oxymoron -- like jumbo shrimp -- it was n't long before the talent infusion helped the " beach boys " make a name for themselves .
" They definitely thought , ' What are these L.A. kids doing playing hockey ? ' with our long bleach - blond hair and we 're just playing for fun , " Bennett , a product of the Junior Kings system , told NHL.com .
This season -- his first outside of California -- he led the British Columbia Hockey League with 120 points " ' Where 's your surfboard ? ' jokes like here come the Beach Boys , " said Alex , now the Tier Coordinator for the Junior Kings .
" ' I can't believe these guys think they can skate . '
But we turned the negative into positives .
...
We went to Nationals and I remember hearing a parent say how good can those kids from California be ?
" Good enough to win titles at multiple age groups and earn California notoriety as a U.S. hockey hotspot .
And now the Junior Kings field 15 teams at age levels from mite to midget AAA .
Mitch Wahl and Colin Long were part of those top teams .
Wahl , a 2008 second - round pick of the Calgary Flames , led the Spokane Chiefs with 96 points this season , and then had 4 points in four AHL games with the Abbotsford Heat .
Long , a 2008 fourth - round pick of the Phoenix Coyotes , played just 29 AHL games with the San Antonio Rampage after suffering a season - ending head injury in January .
And now players like Etem and Bennett are following them down the trail blazed by Gretzky . " ( Gretzky ) made ice hockey big down there , " said Etem .
" And it 's growing .
I think he definitely left a mark on California hockey .
We 're happy he came and he did a lot for California . "
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : San Antonio
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
I ’ve been observing and laughing and on the verge of vomiting , so I ’d like to give you a few tips to increase your chances of scoring a casual encounter , here on Craig ’s List .
I ’ll divide this up in sections : Section 1 : Photo tipsSection 2 : General ad writing tipsSection 1 : - We HATE tiny cell phone pictures .
What ’s the point of posting them if we ca n’t see anything ?
Just get a damn camera or borrow one of your friend ’s cameras , its not that hard .
Also , its never a good idea to use photos of yourself from family functions .
We want to fuck , we do n’t care what your families look like , so break out the pics of your skivvies lizard !- Portly men , do n’t take upshots of your faces , because it will make your double chin multiply .
This also goes for skinny guys , because this is NOT a good photo perspective .
I ’m eyeing you , Latino men who do the “ what ’s up ” face or the faux gangster lean .
Even if you ’re skinny , the underside of your chin will look fat , from that perspective .
A clear shot , straight - on or slightly angled above and pointing down produces a flattering photo for nearly every face and body shape .
Also , do n’t wrinkle your forehead , the way the VAST majority of you do .
This distorts your features and over a short time , will give you wrinkles .
- If you REALLY want to up your chances at getting laid , you must post a picture of your body AND your face .
It is BEYOND my understanding how some of you men will post your ad with no photo .
Yeah , like women are going to be sooo eager to blindly want to swallow your sour cream rifle and let you fuck them because you ’ve written such a tantalizing , misspelled ad with text abbreviations !
Anyway , I know you want to be discreet , but for a lot of women , the face HAS TO BE THERE .
The body can always improve , later on .
Women are not like men , we wo n’t fuck just anyone with a hot body .
You can have the body of an Adonis and the face of Carrot Top and most of us still would n’t want to pirhouette on your pole .
Case in point : Michael Phelps could n’t even pay me to fuck him , suck him , or even give him a damn hand job .
VOM .- DON ’T put a picture up of yourself wearing a blue tooth headset .
Come on now , you can take that fucker out of your ear , NO ONE is going to call you , right as you ’re taking your nude shots .
I ’d wager that 90 % of the time that you blue tooth addicted bastards have that thing in your ear , the only calls you get are from your mother or the mother of your kids , because you have n’t paid this month ’s child support , you deadbeat dad .
-DON ’T post pictures of yourself with former sex partners / girlfriends .
No one wants to see who their fuck buddy has fucked before .
Especially the same pic I keep seeing of some dude with his stain - maker between a chubby woman ’s pale , blue - vein - plagued cow titties , with the weird invisible colored nipples on the very south end of the utters .
-DON ’T post pictures of the sex acts you want to do with us .
We know what it looks like .
Doing this just makes it seem like you lifted the images from your favorite porn sites .
We do n’t want to think about the large collection of XXX images that you ’ve culled from the web and have hidden in a secret folder on your laptop , labeled “ Fappaccino ” .
- DON ’T post headless pictures of you with your cum all over your naked body .
That ’s not hot , because we do n’t know what your face looks like .
Your cock shot should n’t look like cutting room floor frames from a poorly made David Lynch - inspired student film .
- If you have an appendix scar , its best that you do n’t crop your face out of the photo .
Appendix scars are generally repugnant , so you ’d have better luck scoring some lady love if she happens to like your face .
A hot face excuses an appendix scar .
- Ashy cocks are NOT hot .
Ever .
Moisturize before you take your pictures , please and thank you .
Chances are that you were getting all hot and bothered , with the thought of even taking nudes of yourself , so there ’s no excuse why you did n’t moisturize , since I ’m sure that all of you jacked off , after the picture was taken .
- Why on earth do some of you post flaccid cock shots ?
Do n’t get me wrong , I love cock and I even love the way it looks flaccid , but I ’m in the vast minority .
Most women think that flaccid cocks are ugly .
You ’re here to find someone to fuck , so you need to post a pic of what you ’re going to deliver , duh .
Even if you ’re huge , most women will be turned off by a picture of your sleeping sandworm .
- If you have a particularly small package , your best bet is to zoom in with your camera and take a pic of your wee one in a mirror , to give the illusion of a bigger nuke .
Do n’t you dare put your hands on or near it in the photo !
We ’ll be able to gauge how much you ’re lacking , by comparing your tater tot to your hand .
- The shot you love to post where you ’re lying down , grabbing your piss whistle is not a good angle .
Your junk is always going to look smaller , especially with your hand covering the area that connects your root to your body .
Unless you ’re a very well - endowed man , do n’t do that .
The side view is always better , because it flatters most cock sizes and gives us a good idea enough view of your tent pole , to decide whether or not you ’re going to be worth contacting .
- Trim your pubic hair !
We do n’t want to see kinky curls surrounding your jizz syringe , golden straw poking out three inches from your body , or a pubic bush that resembles Phil Spector ’s court room white boy fro .
Thick bushes likely harbor an acrid smell and / or prime real estate for crabs .
You expect us to clean our shit up , so heed your own advice !
We do a lot more than you ever will .
You can handle swiping a BIC across your shit , once in a while or a few passes with a handheld electric shaver .
Pubic hair should n’t sprawl all over your inner and upper thighs , like climbing Ivy vines .
If you want any kind of attention paid to your balls , shave them , or at the very least , trim the hair .
It is sooo NOT HOT when rogue ball hair tickles the inside of your sex partner ’s nostrils , when they ’ve so graciously decided to give your balls that rare , royal treatment .
We do n’t expect you to shave off all of your pubic hair ( some of us prefer that you do n’t ) , we just think that you need to mow the lawn when you ca n’t find the garden hose in the grass anymore .
-DON ’T post pictures of you grabbing your cock through your boxers .
It just makes us think that you have a small cock and this is your not so clever way of camouflaging it .
You could have a two inch penis in there with a half eaten Kiolbasa from lunch tied to it with dental floss .
Even if you ’re the proud owner of a twelve inch train , it might be ugly or it might have something awful , like herpes on it .
So , we need to see your bare cock .
- Choose your sheets wisely , when taking a nude photo that involves your bed .
If you ’re lying on mauve silk or floral - overload sheets , we ’ll think that : a. )
You ’re gayb . )
You have a girlfriend that buys your sheets from the clearance section at Anna ’s Linensc . )
You live with your mother and you ’ve got a disgusting fetish for doing nasty things in your mom ’s bed , probably while wearing her above the navel panties .
Section 2:#1 rule of writing a fuck ad : Spell correctly and do n’t type your message like you type your fucking texts !
You ’re not a 16 years old texting queen , you ’re a man and you should spell correctly and write out your words in full .
If you ’re not proficient with basic spelling , write your message in Microsoft Word first , so the spell check will point out your errors .
Then , copypasta to your ad to Craig ’s List .
Simple .
I know that you ’re horny , but if you do n’t put forth the effort , you ’ll never get the results that you want .
-DON ’T describe yourself as “ cute ” .
Puppies are cute , Sanrio characters are cute , and that morbidly obese baby from China is strangely cute .
Describe yourself as “ handsome ” .
Even calling yourself “ hot ” is always up for debate and can come off as cocky .
I know that you essentially have to be a car salesman on this thing , and that some of you are trying to sell a lemon to an unsuspecting first - time buyer , but you really should n’t get ahead of yourself .
Because , if we get interested enough to take a test spin , we might not even put the key in the ignition because the car was n’t at all as it was described .
- Choose your headlines better .
Here are two examples that pop up often : 1 . “ Young hot cum sluts with big tits that love hot loads in their throats ONLY !
” Dude , you watch too many pornos .
Real life is not like that .
Your porn lingo is not hot .
I ’m sorry that when you were a kid , your mom ’s boyfriend of the week exposed you to porn at such an early age ; that truly is a form of child abuse .
2 . “ Hard rite now !
Need to cum !
All horny ladies msg me ! ”
Um , no .
I do n’t care if you ’re hard when you post your ad .
By the time anyone contacts you , your hard - on will have deflated .
Just tempt us with good photos and leave the current status of your hard - on out of it .
The urgency makes you seem pathetic .
Also , refrain from using the word “ need ” in your ad , especially in all capitals , which is equally pathetic .
-DON ’T post more than once in a day .
Hell , even more than once in a week .
Multiple postings give the impression that no one wants your bald - headed yogurt slinger .
- Asking for just a blow job and only a blow job is an unrealistic request .
Do you actually think that a good - looking woman is going to be desperate enough to drive her ass all the way to your home , suck your dick , and leave ?
Again , stop watching so much goddamn porn .
Take a few minutes out of everyday , to put the bottle of hair conditioner and the remote down and step outside , breathe some fresh air , and interact with real people .
If a girl is going to suck your cock and let you cum down her throat , there ’s a good possibility that she ’s got a prescription for Valtrex in her purse .
The girl who will giddily respond to a bj - only ad is a girl who has to take what she can get , because no one will fuck her STD - ridden pussy .
- When referring to vagina , do n’t call it a “ kitty ” and please , do n’t spell it “ kittie ” , that ’s fucking dumb .
The word “ pussy ” is acceptable in this particular forum .
I ’ve actually seen “ beef curtains ” mentioned .
Are you fucking serious ?
Wow .
There ’s a variety of ways to successfully dirty talk and then there ’s using the word “ beef curtains ” .
Do n’t compare vagina with anything you can purchase from a deli !
So gross .
- I love how you guys sometimes claim to be rich or uber - successful business men .
Haha !
If you really were , you would n’t be on Craig ’s List , you ’d be able to hire someone to wrangle pussy for you .
- You guys with the lactating preggo fetishes need to get some fucking help .
Mother issues are soooo NOT HOT .
Same goes for you psycho fucks that want to bring feces into the boudoir .
You need to GTFO and check yourself into a mental institution like … NAO !!!!!
Follow these tips and you will increase your chances of getting laid via Craig ’s List .
Soon , you ’ll be questioning whether or not you ’ve got strep throat or something much more delicious , and getting the text : Missed my period .
What do we do now ?
Good luck in the casual sex game .
May all the women that respond to your ads look like the photos that they ’ve sent you and may all of your fuck dates go as planned !
And lastly … ALWAYS , ALWAYS practice safe sex . :) Sincerely , Labia Majora
Bläddra bland 437 radiokanaler 00's Hits 00's Party Hits 100 % Taylor Swift 102.7 KIIS -FM 181.FM Rock 40 1. FM 50s & 60s 1. FM 80s & 70s 1. FM 80s & 90s 1.FM Adult Choice 1.FM
Blues 1.FM Bombay Beats 1.FM Chillout Lounge 1.FM Club 1 1.FM Country 1.FM Dance 1.FM High Voltage 1.FM Jamz 1.FM Top 40 1.FM Trance 1LIVE 2012 Hits 2013 Hits 2014 Hits 60's Hits 60's Party Hits 70's Hits 70's Party Hits 80's Hits 80s Metal FM 80's Party Hits 90's Hits 90's Party Hits Amazing FM Antenne Bayern Antenne Vorarlberg Bandit classics Bandit metal Bandit Rock Bandit Rock Stockholm Barnens Låtar BBC 1Xtra BBC 6 Music BBC Radio 1 BBC Radio 2 Best of Bond Born In The UK Born In The USA Britpop Hits Capital FM Chill Out Music City Radion Classic Soul Cocktail Party Coldplay Radio Coola Hits Country classics Country Hits Countrykanalen Country Rocks Radio Dancehall Hits Dansband Dansbandsdax Dansbandsfavoriter Dansbandskanalen DansbandsMixen Din gata Din Gata 100,6 DistFM Dixie Radio Stockholm DK - DR P2 DK -DR P3 DK -DR P4 DK - DR P4 Bornholm DK - DR P4 Esbjerg DK - DR P4 Fyn DK - DR P4 København DK - DR P4 Midt & Vest DK - DR P4 Nordjylland DK - DR P4 Østjylland DK - DR P4 Sjælland DK - DR P4 Trekanten DK - DR P5 DK - DR P6 Beat Doo Wop Hits Dream Duets DR P7 MIX DR P8 JAZZ East FM Electro 80's Electro 90's Electro Lounge ENERGY BULGARIA ENERGY Dance ENERGY GERMANY ENERGY HipHop ENERGY HIT MUSIC ONLY !
ENERGY Hot ENERGY Live ENERGY Lounge ENERGY Love ENERGY Pop ENERGY R'n'B ENERGY Rock ENERGY RUSSIA ENERGY Special Feel Good Feel Good Classic Fitness Nation Fresh sounds FreshStation Funkhaus Europa Funk Hits FUN RADIO Malmö Gents ' n ' Guitars Gimme Indie Gold Town GTVoice Guldkanalen Guldkanalen 60 - tal Guldkanalen 70 - tal Guldkanalen 80 - tal Guldkanalen 90 - tal Gullkanalen Heart Heartbroken Heart Classic Heart Teen HITZFM 97,8 Sommenbygd Hotmixradio Ian Haugland 's 70's Hard Rock Ian Haugland 's 80's Hard Rock Ian Haugland 's Hairbands of Rock Indie 101 Indie Classic Indie Electro Indie Pop Indie Rock JamFM Jazz Music Julradio Junior Hits K103 Göteborgs Studentradio Kanal Rewind Karaoke Hits KBK Radio KISS 108 K.N.A.C. Lite FM 101.1 Ljungbykanalen Lounge Music Lugna Favoriter Magic UK Metropol 93,8 Michael Jackson Radio Mix Megapol Mix Megapol 100 % Svenska Hits Mix Megapol Acoustic Mix Megapol Bohuslän Mix Megapol Borås Mix Megapol Boybands Mix Megapol Divas Mix Megapol Falun-Borlänge Mix Megapol Gällivare - Kiruna Mix Megapol Gästrikland Mix Megapol Göteborg Mix Megapol Halmstad Mix Megapol Hälsingland Mix Megapol Helsingborg Mix Megapol iPop Mix Megapol Jönköping Mix Megapol Kalmar Mix Megapol Karlskrona Mix Megapol Karlstad Mix Megapol Kristianstad Mix Megapol Linköping Mix Megapol Luleå Mix Megapol Malmö Mix Megapol Mariehamn Mix Megapol Mora -Sälen Mix Megapol Norrköping Mix Megapol Örebro Mix Megapol Örnsköldsvik Mix Megapol Östersund Mix Megapol Simrishamn Mix Megapol Skaraborg Mix Megapol Skellefteå Mix Megapol Södertälje Mix Megapol Sörmland Mix Megapol Stockholm Mix Megapol Sundsvall Mix Megapol Top 40 Mix Megapol Umeå Mix Megapol Varberg Mix Megapol Värnamo Mix Megapol Västerås Mix Megapol Växjö Mix Megapol Visby Movie Hits Musikhjälpen Musikhjälpen 2014 MusikMixen Musique myROCK My Rock myROCK Top 40 Neradio Hardstyle NERadio House & Trance NERadio Nonstop NERadio Sweden NETROCK101 Norsk Country Radio Nova DK NRJ NRJ Dance Finland NRJ Finland NRJ Finland Nostalgia NRJ Fitness Finland NRJ Hits Finland NRJ Ibiza Finland NRJ Latino Finland NRJ Lounge Finland NRJ Love Finland NRJ Mastermix Extravadance Finland NRJ Norge NRJ Rap US Finland NRJ RNB Finland NRJ Rock Finland NRJ Running Hits For Running Finland NRJ Summerburst NRJ Suomihitit Finland NRJ UK Top 40 Finland NRK Alltid Nyheter NRK Folkemusikk NRK Gull NRK Jazz NRK Klassisk NRK MP3 NRK National rap show NRK P1 NRK P13 Nrk P1 Buskerud Nrk P1 Finnmark NRK P1 Hedmark Og Oppland Nrk P1 Hordaland NRK P1 Møre og Romsdal NRK P1 Nordland NRK P1 Østfold NRK P1 Østlandssendingen NRK P1 Pluss NRK P1 Rogaland NRK P1 Sogn Og Fjordane NRK P1 Sørlandet Nrk P1 Telemark NRK P1 Troms NRK P1 Trøndelag Nrk P1 Vestfold NRK P2 NRK P3 NRK Pyro NRK Sápmi NRK Sport NRK Super NRK Urørt Nu Blir Det Hårdrock OMGKpop Radio ! One Hit Wonders Ordentlig Radio Orup - Viva La Pop P1 P2 P2 Klassisk jul P2 Klassisk Sommar P2 Klassiskt P2 Musik P2 Världen P3 P3 Din Gata P3 Star P3 Star - webbkanal P4 P4 Bjällerklang P4 Blekinge P4 Dalarna P4 Gävleborg P4 Göteborg P4 Gotland P4 Halland P4 Jämtland P4 Jönköping P4 Kalmar P4 Kristianstad P4 Kronoberg P4 Malmöhus P4 Melodifest P4 Norge P4 Norrbotten P4 Örebro P4 Östergötland P4 Sjuhärad P4 Skaraborg P4 Sörmland P4 Stockholm P4 Uppland P4 Värmland P4 Väst P4 Västerbotten P4 Västernorrland P4 Västmanland P5 STHLM P7 Mix Party People Party People Eurodance Party People House Party People Ibiza Partystation Pirate Rock 95,4 FM Playdio Pop FM DK Power Club PowerFM Power Hit Radio Power Street Qmusic Radio10 Radio 100 DK Radio 102 Radio 107.5 Radio 538 Radio 88 Partille Radio 94,3 Radio ABC Radio Active Ystad Radio AF - Lunds Studentradio Radioapans knattekanal Radio Aura Radio Båstad Radiobern Radio Clubzone Radio DCM Radio Eins Radio Floda 914 Radio Hällefors 89.0 RadioHits Radio Klassisk Radio Klassisk Opera Radio Markaryd Radio Norge Radio Norrtälje Radio Prime Radio Roslagen Radio Sandviken Radioseven Radio Siljan Radio Skellefteå Radio Soft Radio Soft Classic Radio Soft DK Radio Soft Modern Radio Sør Radio Treby Radio Veronica Random Access Memories Influences Reggae141 Reggae Hits Retro FM Rix FM RnBeats Modern RnBeats Old School Roadtrip Rockklassiker Rockklassiker Ballads Rockklassiker Grunge Rockklassiker Legends Rockklassiker Live Rockklassiker Riffs Rockklassiker Topp 666 Rock 'n ' Roll RSH - Radio Schleswig Holstein Run Nation Run Nation 00's Run Nation 80's Run Nation 90's Run Nation Hits Sameradion Schlagerkanalen Sexy FM Sing a Long Sisuradio Skärgårdsradion Sky Radio SLAM !FM
Sommarhits Soul classics Soulstice Radio Soundic Radio SR Metropol 93,8 Star 60's Star 70's Star 80's Star 90's Star FM STAR -FM Star FM Latvia Svenska 2000 - tals Hits Svenska 80 - tals Hits Svenska 90 - tals Hits Svenska Favoriter Svensk pop Sveriges kristna radio Sweden Rock Radio The Beat The Beat - Borås The Coffee Shop The Voice The Voice DK The Voice of Hip Hop The Voice of Hip Hop 00's The Voice of Hip Hop 80's The Voice of Hip Hop 90's The Voice of Hip Hop & RnB Top 40 The Voice of Old School Hip Hop The Voice of Swedish Hip Hop The Voice Party People Vinyl Vinyl 107 Vinyl Disco Vinylgodis WDR2 WDR4 WDR5 We Love 80s Workout Nation 100 - 119 BPM Workout Nation 120-129 BPM Workout Nation 130- 149 BPM
Workout Nation Cool Down Yoga Nation Z100
Muslims throughout Temecula and Murrieta have saved up for years to build a mosque to replace the plain white industrial building , tucked between a pipeline company and packaging warehouse , where they now gather to pray .
But as the Islamic Center of Temecula Valley moves ahead with plans to build on a four - acre plot of vacant land near Temecula ’s gentle hills and invading housing developments , plans for the new mosque have stirred hostility in this mostly conservative community in southwest Riverside County .
Along with increased traffic and noise , opponents fear the mosque would clash with Temecula ’s rural atmosphere and , they say , possibly turn the community of 105,000 into a haven for Islamic extremists .
The pastor of Calvary Baptist Church , just across a cul - de-sac from the site of the mosque , said the two religions “ mix like oil and water ” and predicted a “ confrontational atmosphere ” if the project moves forward .
“ The Islamic foothold is not strong here , and we really do n’t want to see their influence spread , ” said Pastor Bill Rench .
“ There is a concern with all the rumors you hear about sleeper cells and all that .
Are we supposed to be complacent just because these people say it ’s a religion of peace ?
Many others have said the same thing , ” he said .
Leaders of the Islamic center were surprised by the level of criticism , especially from a few religious groups , saying their current makeshift mosque and Islamic community center have been in town for more than a decade and members always have felt welcome .
“ Our children go to the same schools their children go to .
We shop at the same stores where they shop , ” said Mahmoud Harmoush , the imam of the Islamic center and an instructor at Cal State San Bernardino ’s World Languages and Literatures Department .
“ All of a sudden our neighbors wake up and they ’re opposed to us building the Islamic center there , the mosque .
I hope it ’s a small group , ” he said .
The mayor and members of the City Council did not respond to calls about the issue .
Temecula ’s city attorney advised them not to comment about the proposed mosque because the Planning Commission ’s vote on the application for the facility could be appealed to the council .
The Rev. Joe Zarro , co-chairman of the Interfaith Council of Temecula and Murrieta Valley , said criticism of the mosque in the community is from a very small but vocal minority .
The council , made up of leaders of a variety of faiths in the area , including Harmoush , unanimously endorsed plans for the mosque , Zarro said .
“ A lot of this has been blown out of proportion , ” said Zarro , the minister at the United Church of the Valley .
“ It ’s important for people to see our neighbors , and for them to be part of our community . ”
The land for the proposed mosque lies west of the Temecula wine country in a pocket of the city that ’s become a mish - mash of ranch homes with large grassy spreads and clusters of encroaching red - tile roofs .
Along with Calvary Baptist , the mosque will be a short walk from Grace Presbyterian Church .
The design of the 24,943 - square - foot mosque and center reflect a Mediterranean design seen in many Temecula neighborhoods , though the building will have traditional domes topped with crescent moons .
The facility will be built in two stages , with the first limited to a 4,100 - square - foot mosque to serve about 150 Muslim families living in Temecula , Murrieta and surrounding communities , Harmoush said .
The Islamic center has owned the land since 2000 , but the small Muslim community has needed time to raise enough money to build .
Harmoush said it could be years before the entire mosque and community center are completed .
The proposal is expected to go before the Temecula Planning Commission in August , and city officials are reviewing the expected effect of the mosque on neighborhood traffic and noise levels and any other environmental concerns .
“ We look at land issues , that ’s it , ” said Patrick Robinson , director of the city ’s planning and redevelopment agency .
“ We do n’t take into account the denomination of the religion or any of the political issues that surround it . ”
A petition opposing the new mosque is being circulated by a group called Concerned Community Citizens , and other politically active volunteers have started organizing a campaign against the facility .
Karen Fesini , who belongs to a Republican women ’s group in the Temecula and Murrieta area , said she ’s been making calls to warn her friends about the project .
“ They say they ’re not radicals , but how do we know ? ” ’ said Fesini , 68 .
“ Right now we ’re at war with the Taliban and the Muslims and our boys are over there fighting and dying for our freedom .
What would it be like if they come home and found out we just let them in the front door ? ”
phil.willon@latimes.com
Dagmar Schipanski sollte für Thüringens CDU den Bundespräsidenten mitwählen .
Darf sie aber nicht .
Weil sie auch Gauck für geeignet hält .
Ein Gespräch über Gewissensentscheidungen .
Lars Langenau
Dagmar Schipanski , 66 , hat in der DDR Karriere als Physikerin und Ingenieurin gemacht .
1999 trat sie als Parteilose , nominiert von der Union , gegen Johannes Rau als Kandidatin für das Amt des Bundespräsidenten an - und erzielte einen Achtungserfolg .
Thüringens damaliger Ministerpräsident Bernhard Vogel machte sie im selben Jahr zur Ministerin für Wissenschaft , Forschung und Kunst .
Ein Jahr später trat sie der Union bei , war bis 2006 Mitglied des CDU - Präsidiums und ist seither im Bundesvorstand der Partei .
Ihr Ministeramt übte sie bis 2004 aus und wurde danach Landtagspräsidentin in Erfurt .
Bei der Thüringen - Wahl 2009 verlor sie ihr Mandat .
Ihr Sohn Tankred Schipanski ist seit der vergangenen Bundestagswahl MdB für die CDU .
Detailansicht öffnen Dagmar Schipanski : Dieser Umgang ist mit der Würde der Demokratie nicht vereinbar .
( Archivbild von 2000 als damalige Landesministerin für Wissenschaft , Forschung und Kunst mit Joachim Gauck ) ( Foto : ddp )
sueddeutsche.de : Frau Schipanski , Sie sollten für die Thüringer CDU zur Bundesversammlung am 30 .
Juni nach Berlin reisen und über den neuen Bundespräsidenten entscheiden .
Nun werden Sie diese Reise nicht antreten .
Sie sind von der Liste gestrichen worden .
Warum ?
Dagmar Schipanski : Ich war von der Thüringer CDU aufgestellt .
In mehreren Interviews hatte ich dann gesagt , dass ich beide Kandidaten für geeignet halte .
Sowohl Christian Wulf als einen erfahrenen Berufspolitiker mit Charisma , als auch Joachim Gauck .
sueddeutsche.de :
Sie haben sich also nicht direkt für Joachim Gauck für das Amt des Bundespräsidenten ausgesprochen , aber seine Eignung für dieses Amt betont .
Was macht ihn zu einem geeigneten Kandidaten ?
Schipanski : Gauck ist eine gestandenen Persönlichkeit , die sich schon in widrigen DDR - Zeiten für die Demokratie eingesetzt , die friedliche Revolution aktiv mitgestaltet und vor allem die Gestaltung der deutschen Einheit in den ersten Jahren entscheidend mitgeprägt hat .
sueddeutsche.de :
Also die bessere Wahl ?
Schipanski :
Für mich ist die Wahl eine Gewissensentscheidung , die ich nicht vorher öffentlich mache .
Gerade nach 40 Jahren DDR - Erfahrung ist jede freie und geheime Wahl der Vorzug der Demokratie .
sueddeutsche.de :
Für manche in der CDU scheint die freie Gewissenentscheidung derzeit ein Frevel zu sein .
Wie haben Ihre Parteifreunde reagiert ?
Schipanski : Nach Veröffentlichung des Interviews in der Thüringer Allgemeinen wurde in der darauffolgenden Fraktionssitzung mein Name mit dem eines sehr ehrenwerten Landrates aus Südthüringen ausgetauscht .
Der Vorsitzende der CDU - Landtagsfraktion in Erfurt , Mike Mohring , sagte in einer nichtöffentlichen Sitzung , man könne aus den Interviews nicht ablesen , für wen ich mich entscheide .
Er habe zwei Wochen versucht , mich zu erreichen , was ihm nicht gelungen sei , und deshalb erscheine ich nicht auf der Liste .
sueddeutsche.de : Und ?
Schipanski : Das stimmt nicht , denn ich war wegen eines schweren Krankheitsfalls und nun Trauerfalls in meiner Familie die ganze Zeit zu Hause .
24 Stunden .
Wir waren immer erreichbar .
sueddeutsche.de :
Wie ist denn normalerweise das Verfahren zur Nominierung ?
Schipanski :
Es gibt eine Vorschlagsliste der Partei für die Bundesversammlung , auf der ich gestanden habe , wie man auch der Presse entnehmen konnte .
Dann wurde ich einfach gestrichen , und erfahre aus den Medien meine Nichtnominierung .
sueddeutsche.de :
Wie geht das vor sich , wenn man gestrichen wird ?
Bekommt man da einen Brief ?
Einen Anruf ?
Reaktionen von anderen Parteimitgliedern ?
Hat Frau Merkel
Sie direkt angerufen ?
Immerhin sind Sie ehemalige Präsidentin des Landtages in Thüringen und nach wie vor im Bundesvorstand der Union .
Schipanski : Ich habe Frau Merkel nach einer CDU - Bundesvorstandssitzung über den Vorfall informiert , und ihr zu verstehen gegeben , dass ich darüber nicht ruhen werde .
Video games are an incredibly young medium , but nevertheless their history is already full of myths and mysteries , lost treasures and forgotten heroes .
The seeming inability of developers and publishers to properly preserve their company history , but much more the incredibly fast - lived nature of the industry has left the aspiring game historian with a huge mess to clean up .
Yet a decent number of competent video game histories have been compiled so far .
Works like David Sheff's Game Over , Steven L. Kent 's The Ultimate History of Video Games ( first edition titled The first quarter ) or even Winnie Forster 's
The encyclopedia of Game Machines all not only help gamers to grasp a greater picture of the industry around their hobby , but also supply them with countless details and anecdotes that make events of former video game times come to live .
What they left out is nowadays only a few clicks away , and the curriculum vitae of the American star designer on Wikipedia is as up - to - date as the news on rediscovered Japanese prototype games from twenty years ago .
But there lies the crux of the matter - even the most prestigious English publications are virtually confined to the two regions where video games originated and reincarnated , respectively .
The internet fills the gaps for much of Europe , but every other country that does n't use latin script is locked off to Western retro gamers for the most part .
People can only hope to stumble upon the oddball localization or even accounts about games from places like Russia or continental East Asia , and South Korea was no exception until it began to unleash it 's wave of MMOs upon the world .
This article tries to depict the history of the industry and culture from the very beginnings until its rise to fame in the new millenium .
Everything before that breakthrough , especially considering the early stages , is so far covered only vaguely and anecdotally even in Korean .
A whole country full of games many may have never heard about awaits .
Table of Contents
0. Conventions and disclaimer
A. History
Part 1 : First steps and emancipation
Part 2 : The rise and fall of the Package
B. Specials
Finding Korean retrogames
Lost games : 1987 -1993
Lost games : 1994
Lost games : 1995
Lost games : 1996
Lost games : 1997
The other Korea : Video games in the North
Korean games for the World : Games by Koreans , but not ( primarily ) for Koreans
Interview : Kim Kyongsoo and Kim Seongwan
Interview : Jason Park
C. Companies and Organizations
A +
Ablex
Afega
Andamiro
Anicom
Aproman
Byulbram Creature
Clover
Comad
Danbi System
Daou Infosys
Daewoo Electronics
Deniam , Amuse World
Dooyong
DS Game Channel
Dragonfly
Ecstasy , Digital Impact , Cyonex , Aeonsoft
Eolith
Family Production , Pentavision
FEW
Gamepark , GPH , Gambros
Gleam Entertainment , L&K Logic Korea
Goldstar / LG / Hanbit Soft
Gravity
Grigon Entertainment , Garam and Baram , Mira Space
HIC Infocomm / Digital Dream Studio
HiCom / eSofnet
HQ Team , JoyOn , nDoors
Hyundai Electronics
Jamie System
Jigwan
Joymax
KidnKid.com / N - Log Soft
KOGA
KRG Soft
Makkoya
Mantra
Marixon
Mips
Mirinae Software , Mirinae Entertainment , Mirinae Games
Open
Open Mind World
Orange Soft
Phantagram , Blueside
Philko
Prosoft
Sailon / Uzdream
Sammi Computer
Samsung Electronics
Seed 9
Semicom
SIECO , Gameline
Sigmatec / SiEn Art
SKC , Namil Soft , Wizard Soft
Soft Action
Softry / ST Entertainment , Game School
Softmax
Softmen
Sonnori , Ntreev , Ironnos
Static Soft
SunA
T3 Entertainment
Taff / Ntix Soft , Red Duck
Topia
Triggersoft
Unico / Uniana
TWIM
Viccom
Zemina
Other games 1988 - 1993
Other games 1994 - 1995
Other games 1996
Other games 1997
Other games 1998
Other games 1999
Other games 2000
Other games 2001
Other games 2002
Other games 2003 - 2004
D. Appendices
Game Release Index
Overview of game consoles
Early home computers
Gaming magazines
Localized games from Korea
Game credits repository
E. Supplements ( blog )
Korean Street Fighter animated movie
Visit to the GoldenBell Joymax factory in 1993
We love Linux , and want to make it easier for others to do so , too .
This first edition of the Lifehacker Pack for Linux includes our favorite apps that get things done and make your desktop great .
Advertisement
Linux is n't quite like Windows or Mac , as there are many , many distributions , usually running on one of two desktop systems ( GNOME or KDE ) .
We 've chosen to write this list up from the perspective of a standard , GNOME - based Ubuntu user .
Ubuntu is what the Lifehacker editors use , it 's what most of our Linux - leaning readers use , and it 's generally popular and frequently updated .
Many of these apps can be downloaded and installed on other Linux systems , of course — check the Download link , or search out its name in your own system 's package installer .
Five Best Linux Distributions
There are many , many Linux distributions , and a lot of unique reasons to like them .
Read on to see …
Read more
Advertisement
If you are using Ubuntu , you can also install these apps by clicking the " Install in Ubuntu " link after each item .
It 's a link that prompts your own Ubuntu system to search out and install an app from its own repositories — with your permission , of course .
You may be asked on your first install to allow your browser to open up an Ubuntu app to handle the link , but go ahead and agree with it , and you 'll be installing apps with one click after that .
We 've also placed aggregated installer links at the bottom of each section , and a mega - installer at the bottom of the post , so you can install multiple apps at once .
Note :
If the packages do n't appear to be installing on your system , and you 're running Firefox , you may need to install a support package for Firefox 3.6
Do that by opening a terminal and entering the command sudo apt - get install apturl firefox - 3.6 - gnome - support .
Some other apps ( Chrome and Dropbox ) require a download , some are pre-installed in Ubuntu , and others may require the enabling of an extra repository or two for certain third - party apps , but we 've explained how to do so in a previous Ubuntu feature ( short version : open " Software Sources " from the System / Administration menu ) .
Advertisement
Now let 's get straight to the goodies :
Productivity
This image was lost some time after publication .
Advertisement
GNOME - Do :
If you 're familiar with Quicksilver , a key element of our Lifehacker Pack for Mac , you 'll have a sense of why application launcher GNOME - Do is so handy and great .
But GNOME - Do does much more than object - verb launching .
It comes packed with a host of plug-ins that can launch chats , upload or open Google Docs , shorten a URL or send a tweet , and on and on .
[ Download ]
[ Install in Ubuntu ]
Advertisement
This image was lost some time after publication .
OpenOffice.org or GNOME Office Suite :
We are not in love with OpenOffice.org , by any means .
The internet is full of places where you can read what people dislike about Sun Microsystems ' open - source alternative to Microsoft 's Office suite — slowness , toolbar overload , a few features that are essential to certain trades .
Still , for all its shortcomings , OpenOffice does get the job done in most cases , most of the time , and it 's robust in ways that are hard to imagine for entirely free software .
If you want a lighter , faster alternative for simply opening files and cranking out work , the offerings in the GNOME suite — AbiWord , Gnumeric , and so forth — will suit you fine .
Or just use Google Docs or Zoho .
[ Download : OpenOffice , GNOME Office ] [ Install Gnome Office in Ubuntu ]
Advertisement
This image was lost some time after publication .
gedit :
It 's built into nearly any Linux OS that runs on GNOME , and some that do n't .
It 's a compact but customizable text editor , one that 's great for jotting down quick notes , editing system files , writing code outside a full - fledged development environment , or otherwise editing straight - up text .
It can be made up with plug-ins to auto - complete , snap open files , and otherwise work like TextMate , but even on its own , it 's a good tool to keep handy .
[ Download ]
Advertisement
This image was lost some time after publication .
Advertisement
AutoKey :
Text replacement gives you the power to type five letters — like kpadd — and fill in a whole mess of repetitive or hard - to - remember text — like " Kevin Purdy / 123 Mayfair Lane / SomeTown , NY 12345 " — wherever you happen to be typing .
AutoKey is n't a pure equivalent of Texter for Windows or TextExpander for Mac , but it has its own features to recommend it .
Users can pick a hotkey , text snippet , or tray menu shortcut for each expansion they create , and learn a rudimentary scripting language to insert customized text .
Just like Linux itself , AutoKey is an open book .
[ Download ]
[ Install in Ubuntu ]
Advertisement
[ Install the Productivity pack in Ubuntu ] ( GNOME - Do , Gnome Office , Autokey )
Advertisement
Firefox / Chrome : Firefox 's the default in most Linux distros , and is likely the most tested and stable on Ubuntu and other platforms .
But , just as on Macs , Chrome is growing up quickly , offering a very , very fast experience on Linux , and makes strides in integrating with the OS every day .
So let 's call it a tie — both are easy to love .
[ Download : Firefox , Chrome ]
Advertisement
Thunderbird : Most of you are using web - based mail these days , and Evolution may be deeply integrated into GNOME , but it 's hard to beat Thunderbird as a desktop email client .
From its support for Gmail features like archiving to its large library of add - ons , Thunderbird 's got you covered no matter how you manage your email workflow .
Even if you primarily use webapps for mail , you can't go wrong backing up your email through a desktop client , nor accessing it through IMAP when Gmail goes down .
[ Download ]
[ Install in Ubuntu ]
Advertisement
Pidgin : Ubuntu has picked up Empathy as a default messaging program , and , while it 's a stylish , intriguing app , it 's nowhere near as convenient and fleshed out as Pidgin .
Pidgin gives you total control over multiple chat accounts and your buddy list , can be used with multiple Windows or Linux PCs , and also integrates into Ubuntu 's new " Me " menu .
[ Download ]
[ Install in Ubuntu ]
Advertisement
Advertisement
Skype :
Sure , there are a lot of different ways to video chat nowadays , but Skype is by far the most popular , what with its cross - platform availability and , frankly , media hype .
But it 's free , works well , and chances are your friends all have it too , so it 's nice to keep around .
[ Download ]
[ Install in Ubuntu ]
Advertisement
Transmission : Transmission is the default BitTorrent client in Ubuntu , and with good reason .
It 's not quite as feature - rich as the Mac version , but it 's super lightweight , fast , and still has a lot of convenient features like automatic port forwarding , speed limiting , scheduling , and a handy web UI for when you are n't near your computer ( or , if you 're more a fan of SSH , command - line support ) .
[ Download ]
Advertisement
[ Install the Internet / Communication pack in Ubuntu ] ( Thunderbird , Pidgin , Skype )
Media
Advertisement
Flash Player :
It 's never run quite as well on Linux as on Windows or Mac ( and it is n't so great on those either ) , but until HTML5 really comes to fruition , it 's necessary for streaming video or using a lot of interactive web pages .
Of course , you can keep its resource hogging at bay when necessary with FlashBlock for Chrome and FlashBlock for Firefox .
[ Download ]
[ Install in Ubuntu ]
Advertisement
VLC : Media player VLC was voted the best desktop media player by you guys , and with good reason — not only does it play pretty much any file you throw at it , but it can rip DVDs , stream media to other computers , and even play YouTube videos ( and much more ) .
It 's a must - have application for anyone that watches video on their computer .
[ Download ]
[ Install in Ubuntu ]
Advertisement
Advertisement
Handbrake :
It does n't matter whether you 're throwing some video on your mobile device or ripping that Blu - Ray disc to your media center , open source Handbrake is one of the best video encoders around .
Unfortunately , the latest version of Handbrake does n't work with the new version of GNOME , and the Handbrake team has yet to catch up , but you can install some ( likely less stable ) snapshots using this method .
[ Main Site ]
Advertisement
GIMP : Ubuntu recently dropped GIMP , the open - source , full - fledged image editor from its default installations , due to its size and complexity .
The thinking went that most casual photo edits could be made with the F - Spot photo manager .
Well , kind - of - sort - of - not - really .
GIMP may have a dense number of options , but F - Spot 's photo handling and somewhat sparse options make it less than ideal for actual editing — cropping , lasso - grabbing , drop - shadowing , and the like .
GIMP has its flaws , but it gets regular improvements , and you 'll be glad it 's there when you need it .
[ Download ]
[ Install in Ubuntu ]
Advertisement
Rhythmbox : Music players are a very personal thing — that 's why there are so many , after all .
We can see why Linux users would variously love them some Banshee , Exaile , or even Songbird , discontinued for Linux development but living on in the Nightingale project .
But when it comes down to what loads , syncs , and plays your music , offers extensibility , and fits nicely into a GNOME / Ubuntu desktop , we have to go with the default Rhythmbox .
Beyond basic functionality , Rhythmbox now has a very nice built - in music store , one that automatically syncs your purchases to a free Ubuntu One cloud service .
Like iTunes for Mac , it 's not a perfect product , but it probably works for the widest number of uses .
[ Download ]
Advertisement
[ Install the Media pack in Ubuntu ] ( Flash , VLC , GIMP )
Utilities
Advertisement
Dropbox :
If you have more than one computer ( or tend to use other computers often ) , Dropbox is a must - have .
It adds a Dropbox folder to your user folder , which will be constantly synced to Dropbox 's servers .
Thus , any files you add to this folder ( or folders you link to it ) will be synced to your Dropbox folder on other computers , as well as be accessible from the web .
Nowadays , most smartphone platforms also have a Dropbox client from which you can download your files , so it 's pretty useful for pretty much anyone with files to access , among its many other clever uses .
[ Download ]
Advertisement
Conky : Much like the more publicized Mac favorite GeekTool , Conky is a super customizable system monitor for your computer .
Not only can you put system stats such as CPU , memory , and network stats on your desktop , but you can even add weather updates and mail checkers .
It 's a great way to stay productive while keeping track of everything going on behind the scenes .
[ Download ]
[ Install in Ubuntu ]
Advertisement
Customize Conky for Ambient Linux Productivity
Linux often gets criticized by the ease - of - use crowd for making its users occasionally edit a text Read more
Advertisement
Wine : Despite your best efforts , chances are you 'll still need to run a few Windows applications from time to time .
One of the best ways to do so in Linux is Wine , a compatibility layer that offers support for a number of Windows applications .
What 's great about Wine is that it lets you run these apps in your regular window manager as if they were Linux apps , and does n't suck up a ton of resources like a virtual machine .
However , not all programs work with Wine , but for the ones that do , it 's usually the optimal solution .
[ Download ]
[ Install in Ubuntu ]
Advertisement
VirtualBox : When Wine can't run that Windows program you need , free virtualization software VirtualBox will .
Since it 's a full Windows environment , it supports almost any Windows program , albeit at the cost of slowing down the rest of your system a bit .
It 'll do the trick when you need it to , though , so it 's useful to have at the ready .
Note : the download version from VirtualBox offers a few benefits ( like USB device handling ) over the open - source version installed via Ubuntu .
[ Download ]
[ Install in Ubuntu ]
Advertisement
Tilda or Yakuake :
As modern and user - friendly as Linux has come from its roots ( and , believe it or not , that 's a very long way ) , many users will still need access to a terminal .
Tilda and Yakuake are snappy , drop - down terminals inspired by first - person shooter games that you will grow to love .
They 're both customizable in shape , size , and appearance , and save you the trouble of having to switch windows when you just want to fire off a quick command or two .
Yakuake is built for KDE , and has the edge on looks and sleekness ; Tilda 's a bit more utilitarian , but does n't require installing extra libraries .
[ Download : Tilda , Yakuake ] [ Install Tilda in Ubuntu ] [ Install Yakuake in Ubuntu ]
p7zip : It 's basically 7 - Zip for Linux .
Install it , and you 'll be able to compress and de-compress pretty much any archive file around , including disk images , Mac OS packages , and the .rar and other segmented files found around the wild web .
Best of all , you can just right - click on files to compress or de-compress them , if you do n't want to get your hands dirty in the terminal .
[ Download ]
[ Install in Ubuntu ]
Advertisement
[ Install the Utilities pack in Ubuntu ] ( Conky , WINE , VirtualBox , Tilda , p7zip )
Optional ( For Beginners )
Advertisement
Ubuntu Tweak : ( Ubuntu only )
It does n't do things by the Linux book , and some of the things it does to your system might make for a slightly messy situation if you go the upgrade route for the next Ubuntu release .
But Ubuntu
Tweak makes it really , really simple to do a lot of things Linux beginners are looking to do .
Install popular third - party apps and plug-ins ( from the app or its online app " store " ) , make system configuration tweaks that would otherwise require terminal editing , clear up disk space , configure the notoriously obtuse Compiz 3D graphics , and otherwise jump right into using and enjoying Ubuntu .
[ Download ]
Want the whole Lifehacker Pack for Linux in one click ?
Here 's a link for Ubuntu : [ Install the entire Lifehacker Pack for Linux in Ubuntu ]
Advertisement
And here 's a terminal command , for you old - school Linux types :
sudo apt - get install gnome - do gnome - office autokey thunderbird pidgin skype flashplugin - installer vlc gimp conky wine virtualbox - ose tilda p7zip
Advertisement
( Do n't worry if you 've got some of these apps installed already — Ubuntu will ping you to let you know it 's already there , then move on ) .
This is our first Lifehacker Pack for Linux , but we expect to read the feedback , hash it over , and run it all again next year .
Give us your take on what you consider to be the essential Linux apps for any system in the comments .
The ageing hippies congregate
Upon the Tor , at ten to eight .
Silhouettes upon the crest ,
They turn their faces to the West
And gaze ... towards twilight
Sunsets bring romantics out
To see the day 's last crimson shout .
Attracted by this cosmic bribe ,
They joined the Glastonbury tribe
To sigh ... at twilight .
Some were here when only cows roamed Worthy Farm .
Some arrived to feed the new - age trade .
Others came to make a lifetime 's pilgrimage .
All are here to watch the daylight fade .
New - age bookshops empty out .
Holistic clinics safely shut .
Alerted by their PDAs ,
They Save and Quit their working days
To climb ... towards twilight .
You can almost hear the hiss of the drowning sun ,
As it sinks into the cold Western sea .
You feel an ancient thrill as the myths roll in ,
Weaving legends into history .
The hero Arthur came this way
And Joseph brought a friend they say .
Ley - lines radiate from here .
There 's magic in the atmosphere -
It glows ... in the twilight .
When it 's done , they stumble down ,
To their homes in Glastonbury town .
With calm regained and hope revived ,
To get on with their daily lives
Their course … towards twilight .
TONY JONES : Good evening and welcome to Q&A .
I'm Tony Jones and answering your questions tonight , the former leader of the Liberal Party , Malcolm Turnbull ; editor of the Spectator Australia Tom Switzer ; the Deputy Leader of the Greens Christine Milne ; Minister for Climate Change and Water Penny Wong ; and Labor Minister turned lobbyist Graham Richardson .
Please welcome our panel .
Q&A is live from 9.35 Eastern Time and you can send your questions by SMS to 197 55 222 or via our website , abc.net.au / qanda , that 's Qanda , and you can join the Twitter conversation using the Qanda hash tag that 's on your screen .
Well , it was a big weekend for chefs and political leaders .
Let 's go to our first question , which comes from Natalie Jozelich .
NATALIE JOZELICH : Hi .
Based on last night 's performances , I have a better idea of Adam the MasterChef winner 's vision for food than I do of either party 's vision for Australia .
My question for the panel is this : beyond the superficial motherhood statements , is there any real difference between Labor and the Coalition this election ?
TONY JONES : Let 's start with Graham Richardson ?
GRAHAM RICHARDSON :
That 's a very good question .
I think industrial relations still represents a difference .
Always will .
I 'm hoping climate change represents a difference once Labor have a policy .
I 'm waiting for that and I 'm waiting anxiously .
I 'm sure it will come .
So , yes , there is a difference .
But I think , you know , for most people now elections are about competence , who will run Australia better .
Who can run the economy better ?
I think that 's what - if you 're going to get anything out of the debate , it 's who do you think is going to run the country better ?
Mind you , you did n't find out much last night but there 'll be other times .
TONY JONES : Graham , did you get anything out of the debate ?
I heard you describe it as two leaders on Valium : over - staged , over - scripted , dull and awful without passion .
GRAHAM RICHARDSON : I think Mogadon , I think was the actual drug to which I referred but it was , to me , so staged .
Not just because the leaders are scripted , Tony , but it seems to me the rules of the debate , where you can't interrupt and I think everyone is going to break out cucumber sandwiches and a cup of tea and like you 're sitting in an English garden having a lovely discussion - it was never going to be a debate under those rules and it turned out to be very , very boring .
Even I reckon the most interested , fanatical political aficionado would have been sleeping by half way .
TONY JONES : Penny Wong , feel free to interrupt at any time .
PENNY WONG : I was being polite .
Look , obviously people have their own views about the debate .
They are , I suppose , managed in a certain way in terms of how the debate is undertaken .
I do think there are differences .
I think there are clear differences on education , where we want to continue to invest and Tony Abbott wants to reduce funding for computers , to cut trades training .
We want to get , you know , trade cadetships into schools so that kids do get a choice of going down the academic path or getting a taste of what it 's like to do trades and to get a career path in that way .
There 's differences on health in terms of our investments , increased funding , GP super clinics , the latter which Tony wants to cut .
So I think there are significant differences .
I think it 's always difficult in that kind of staged debate to get , sometimes , a sense of the differences but I think Julia did demonstrate that and I hope that over the coming weeks of the campaign that will become clearer .
TONY JONES : Christine Milne ?
CHRISTINE MILNE :
Well , I do n't think there 's very much difference between the Liberal and Labor parties and , in fact , you 're quite right : there has been no sense of what they are aiming to have in Australia by 2050 and the Greens have got a very clear view .
We want to have moved to a low carbon , zero carbon economy .
We want to see ecological sustainability .
We want to see a more compassionate society .
We have a very clear set of policies to do that and on climate change we 're the only party now saying we will have a carbon price and we 'll have it straight after the election .
AUDIENCE MEMBER :
Well , why did you people vote against it in the senate ?
The ETS ...
TONY JONES : Okay .
We 'll get a microphone to you , sir .
Just hang on .
We 'll get a microphone over here .
Sorry , what did you say ?
AUDIENCE MEMBER : I 'd like to know why did you people , Christine , and all due respects to the Greens - and Graham knows me well enough by now - why did you people vote against it in the senate when two Liberal senators crossed the floor ?
Had the Greens voted on the ETS legislation , that would have become law today , Christine , and all due respects to your party .
CHRISTINE MILNE :
That 's absolutely right and had that happened - had that of happened we would have locked in ...
PENNY WONG : Oh , come on .
CHRISTINE MILNE : ... a very low target out to ...
PENNY WONG : Oh , come on .
CHRISTINE MILNE : No , out until beyond 2020 .
PENNY WONG : Yeah , because what we 've got now is really good , is n't it ?
CHRISTINE MILNE :
And we would have had ...
PENNY WONG : Oh , give us a break .
CHRISTINE MILNE : ... we would have had a 20 billion dollar waste of money , as the Grattan Institute said , because Penny and Malcolm got together and they went and talked to the coal industry ...
PENNY WONG :
This is just ...
CHRISTINE MILNE : ... and they browned it down to such a point and then when it blew up in their faces they came back to the Greens and said , " Now , you pass it . "
The only reason those two Liberals crossed the floor was out of loyalty to Malcolm .
It had nothing to do with whether it was economically effective or , in terms of the science , actually achieving what we needed to do .
There 's no scientists out there supporting this .
PENNY WONG :
It 's not economically effective to shut down the electricity sector and to disrupt security of supply , Christine , and ...
CHRISTINE MILNE : Nobody is shutting down the electricity sector .
PENNY WONG : Well , hang on .
I mean , part of your policy has been , although I notice you 've now backed away from that in recent weeks , has been to say , " We do n't want to give any assistance to the electricity sector . "
The reason we had to do that and that Malcolm agreed with the government 's propositions around that is about security of supply , because I do n't think climate change is going to be fixed by ensuring that major cities run out of electricity .
MULTIPLE SPEAKERS TALK AT ONCE
TONY JONES : Can I interrupt , because we have gone off the original question and I 'd like to get the rest of the panel on that .
We 'll come back to climate change .
Tom Switzer ?
TOM SWITZER : Well , on the issue of the real difference , well , I think there is a difference .
Tony Abbott is sincere about his conservative credentials , whereas Julia Gillard is trying to be a conservative .
She is .
She 's running as a centre right candidate .
She quickly distanced herself from Kevin Rudd 's unpopular mining tax .
She 's gone way out of her way to toughen up or try to pretend to toughen up the nation 's borders .
In many respects she 's browner than John Howard .
She 's completely distanced herself from the emissions trading scheme and she 's talking a very muscular , hawkish language about the war in Afghanistan .
So I think that the difference between the two is in the sincerity .
They 're both running as centre right candidates .
Abbott is sincere .
Gillard , she 's a lady of many masks .
Who can say they 've seen her real face ?
TONY JONES : Let 's hear from - hang on .
Let 's hear from Malcolm Turnbull ?
MALCOLM TURNBULL : Well , I agree with what Tom said but I also agree with the point Richo made that the real difference is one of competence and capacity .
The big issue in the election is who is capable of managing our country 's economy ?
Now we have a government that has manifestly failed to do so .
We 've had billions of dollars wasted .
We 've had a huge national debt run up without any good reason .
We 've had billions wasted in the school halls program ; billions wasted and tragically lives lost in that appalling home insulation debacle .
The reality is the Labor Party has demonstrated they are not capable of managing Australia .
They are not capable of governing .
The Coalition is capable of governing .
We have done it before and done it well and that , I believe , is the key difference in this election .
TONY JONES :
All right , we 're going to move right on .
We 're going to move right on into the issues .
Our next question tonight comes from in the audience from Nicki Bowman .
NICKI BOWMAN : A question for Penny Wong .
Penny , why then , if you 're so committed to climate change , why is the Government seeking to abrogate its electoral mandate and its leadership responsibility to a citizens ' assembly , and what is it that you expect these citizens to tell you that the IPCC and Ross Garnaut and Tim Flannery have not ?
PENNY WONG :
That aspect of our policy has certainly had a lot of discussion , has n't it ?
TONY JONES : Not surprisingly .
PENNY WONG : I 'll leave that for you , Tony .
And in some ways , you know , I hope also that people will look at the other things we 've announced : a billion dollars to connect renewables to the grid , tax breaks for business so we can get more energy efficient commercial buildings .
TONY JONES : I promise you we will come to those but ...
PENNY WONG : Yeah , let me finish .
Let me finish .
I 'm going to answer the question .
MALCOLM TURNBULL :
This is the look over there approach to policy , you know .
CHRISTINE MILNE : Yes , it 's a sham policy .
MALCOLM TURNBULL : Do n't look at my policy , look over there .
PENNY WONG : No it 's not .
Oh , Malcolm .
I mean , seriously .
Shall we talk about what Tony really thinks about climate change ?
But I want to answer this woman 's question .
You know , we 've announced policies around standards for power stations , so we do n't get dirty , inefficient power stations built and a policy which also says ...
CHRISTINE MILNE :
But you will get new coal .
PENNY WONG : ... a policy which also says we will give an incentive to early movers - that is people who look to become more efficient and energy efficient before we get a price on carbon and a limit on pollution - and also mandatory fuel emission standards to come in .
Now , those are a range of measures .
The citizens ' assembly is one aspect of what we want to do and it 's important to remember what it 's for .
It 's in the context - I can understand your question if you thought all we were saying was , " They can talk about it and we 'll listen to them and if they decide , that 's great , " but that 's not what Julia said .
If you read her speech and you listen to what she said she said , " I will lead this debate .
I will prosecute the case to put a limit on pollution , " and that - if you want I 'll go back to the question asked earlier in terms of an - and I do n't count Malcolm in this ...
CHRISTINE MILNE : ( Indistinct )
PENNY WONG : I do n't count Malcolm in this because I think he 's made his views very clear .
We want to put a limit on pollution , the Liberal Party do n't .
She said , " I will prosecute this case .
I will have this debate because it is the only way we can meet our targets and unlike Tony Abbott we 're not going to lie to you and pretend we can . "
But what she 's also said is the lesson of last year , where Malcolm and I had a deal and it was blown apart because Tony Abbott changed his position again , speaking of sincerity and then ...
TONY JONES : Can I just say I 'm sorry I 'm going to have to interrupt you because the question was quite specific .
It was about the citizens ' assembly .
PENNY WONG :
And that 's what I 'm talking about .
And I 'm saying to you ...
TONY JONES : Well , no , you 've gone a lot beyond that now .
PENNY WONG : And I 'm saying on the citizens ' assembly it is one of the ways in which Julia believes we need and I believe we need to work to build a better consensus , because I think the lesson of last year is we need more than the political consensus within the parliament .
Some people in the parliament , we need a deeper consensus in our community , like we have on Medicare .
So this is one of the ways in which we 'll seek to build that .
TONY JONES : A quick follow up question ...
CHRISTINE MILNE :
It 's just Spac - Filla .
TONY JONES : Quick follow up question : are the citizens in the citizens ' assembly allowed to tell you the policy is wrong and they do n't want it and if they say that will you ditch the policy ?
PENNY WONG : Well , look , you can't have a - I 've got to say and I also - I do n't think it 's such a bad thing to let people have their say .
I do n't actually think that 's such a bad thing and I think - and I think also the other thing to remember - people talk about mandates .
Well , the Liberal Party and the Greens did n't respect the mandate the Labor Party had the last election either .
So we do have to work out what is the different way of developing the political consensus around this ( indistinct ) .
TONY JONES : And to answer my question , can the citizens ' assembly tell you the policy is wrong and ask you to ditch it ?
PENNY WONG : Well , this is not some sort of group think .
I mean , what we 're saying is we should engage with ordinary Australians and we should take them through the science and the way forward and we should use that as part of the engagement with the community that Julia has said she 'll lead .
TONY JONES :
All right , let 's hear from the rest of the panel on this .
First of all Graham Richardson ?
GRAHAM RICHARDSON :
Well , I think if one thing good can come out of it is that over the course of 2008 , 2009 , in my view , Labor vacated the field of argument on climate change , concentrated too much on whether they could convince Malcolm and whether they 'd convince their own side .
It became a debating society within the parliament but they forgot that out there in the real world that there 's been a tremendous effort by climate change sceptics , of whom , of course , Tony Abbott is one of the leaders , to try and undermine the whole of the science and Labor was strangely , eerily silent on that for a long , long time and I think a lot of people lost faith , started to wonder if it was all true .
So what I hope can come out of this , you know , because I think it 's still reasonable odds that Julia Gillard is going to win , then I hope we get an assembly where we actually have the proper debate and out of it Australians can learn something about it and maybe reaffirm our faith .
That 's what I 'd like to see happen anyway .
TONY JONES :
All right , I want to hear from Tom Switzer , because I think it 's true to say you are rather sceptical ?
I 'll come back to you .
TOM SWITZER : Well , we can get onto that later , but the key point here , I think , when it comes to Penny Wong in answering your question , and now we 'll come at it from different perspectives , but I 've always believed that politics is ultimately a battle of ideas and say what you like about Paul Keating or John Howard , they obviously looked at the political landscape from a completely different perspective but they were conviction warriors and this point is made very well by Paul Kelly in his excellent book The March Of Patriots .
They 're conviction warriors and to succeed in politics you not only need superior ideas you need to make those ideas in a convincing and compelling manner .
The problem with this lot in the Labor Party is they rang this scare campaign for two whole years , saying the delay was denial , that people like Brendan Nelson and Nick Minchin and Barnaby Joyce were deniers and radicals and extremists and that they must sign up to the climate change legislation by 3.30 on a certain Friday afternoon or else double dissolution .
But when Tony Abbott called their bluff , what did they do ?
They went to water .
They lacked leadership .
Gutless , weak and hypocritical .
TONY JONES : Okay .
Christine Milne ?
CHRISTINE MILNE : Well , the citizens ' assembly is just an excuse .
It 's really Julia Gillard not demonstrating leadership in the climate debate .
She knows that the Greens are campaigning for balance of power in the senate in our own right at this election .
If Labor is returned , we would have the numbers to have a carbon price right there and then .
This citizens ' assembly is just a cop out .
It 's a way of saying , " Regardless if we 've got the numbers , we 're not going to do it , " and I put to the prime minister she did n't have that kind of consensus she 's talking about to roll back WorkChoices .
She went to the people and she said , " This is what we 're going to do , " and after the election moved to do it and the Greens helped her deliver that .
Equally , John Howard did n't have a consensus on the GST but he went out there and said , " This is what I 'm going to do , " and he brought it in and he did it with the democrats , not with a consensus in the parliament .
If Julia Gillard was serious about a carbon price , she can have one after this election , but she is n't .
This is the basis on which she actually persuaded Kevin Rudd to dump a carbon price and now is saying she wo n't do it herself until after 2013 and as Penny Wong has said many times , if you are not prepared to put a price on carbon you have a sham of a climate policy and both Labor and the Coalition have a sham on a climate policy .
TONY JONES : All right .
Okay .
Before we hear from Malcolm Turnbull , let 's take another question that 's right on this topic .
It comes from Owen Kavanagh .
OWEN KAVANAGH : Oh , thank you .
For me , the debate itself highlighted a lack of leadership from both sides .
For example , the citizens ' committee and the toing and froing over asylum - seeker policy just demonstrated the antithesis of leadership .
On the other hand , Malcolm Turnbull arguably paid a very high price for demonstrating leadership .
Can we now expect anybody to demonstrate leadership and take the hard decisions necessary for all Australians ?
TONY JONES : Malcolm Turnbull ?
MALCOLM TURNBULL : Well , I think - look , you go into public life and you go into public life because you 've got convictions and you are expected to have and you should have the courage of your convictions .
I believe that climate change is a great challenge for all of us and I believe we have to take effective action .
I supported the emissions trading scheme because I thought it was the best policy response that we could have and I was very sorry that I was deposed as leader of the Liberal Party and my party took a different position .
But I have to say this , that the Labor Party now has no policy .
They do n't have a policy , they have a notice for a meeting .
The citizens ' assembly is an extraordinary cop out and I remember - I remember in November last year there was a senator who said this - the senator said , " Every year of delay makes more ambitious targets more difficult .
Every year of delay makes the economic change that we have to engage in more expensive .
Every year of delay means that we are less likely to reduce our contribution to climate change . "
Now , that senator is Penny .
That 's what she said in November last year and the Labor Party has walked away from all of that .
This is a party , this is a government that is lacking both in competence and in conviction .
They cannot manage anything and they do not stand for anything and that 's why people are walking away from them today .
TONY JONES : All right , Penny Wong ?
PENNY WONG : Well , that 's just ...
TONY JONES : ( Indistinct ) right of reply there .
PENNY WONG : Yeah , well , Malcolm we actually have n't walked away from it .
Your party did .
Your party walked away from its election position and the position you , as leader , held and the ...
MALCOLM TURNBULL :
Why did n't you go to a double dissolution ?
PENNY WONG : Well , hang on .
Hang on .
MALCOLM TURNBULL : You could have gone in February .
TOM SWITZER : Exactly .
PENNY WONG : Your part walked away from it , just as the Greens - and I like the way Christine says , " Oh , you should have had a mandate . "
We had a mandate which you did n't respect after the last election .
We had the mandate ...
CHRISTINE MILNE : No , you had a mandate to take action on climate change and you did n't .
TONY JONES : No , hang on a sec .
I think that ( indistinct ) .
PENNY WONG : Parliament has not - regrettably , parliament has not been up to the task on this and I wish it were not the case .
I wish we were not in this position where we were talking about what had to happen next because the Greens voted against it and Malcolm lost the leadership of the Liberal Party , but that 's where we are .
So the only question now is how do we go forward ?
How do we actually ensure that we can get the limit on pollution Australia needs , and I think Julia is right .
What she is saying is that what happened last year demonstrates we need a far greater degree of consensus in the Australian community so just like the Liberals used to oppose Medicare , they now no longer do .
We need the same sort of political consensus and backing for a limit on pollution through a price on carbon because if we do n't , we know it's in the hands of Tony Abbott and others inside the Liberal Party who will never let it through .
TONY JONES : Penny Wong , a quick follow up .
I heard a woman , just a voter , make this comment at the weekend : " Did n't we vote for a government to take these hard decisions ? "
PENNY WONG : And I make the same point I 've made .
I think that it is critical we get better consensus in the community to carry this through because the parliament , particularly with Tony Abbott leading the Liberal Party - I mean , if Malcolm takes over again - if we win the election and Malcolm takes over again , you know , then the Liberal Party 's position will change , but the Liberals position at the moment is that they do not want to act on climate change .
Now , we have to deal with that because I do n't believe a mandate at this election will be any better than a mandate previously unless we change the political circumstances and that 's what we want to do .
CHRISTINE MILNE :
And if the senate changes .
That 's the point and that 's what 's different this time .
PENNY WONG : Well ...
CHRISTINE MILNE : If Labor and the Greens have the numbers in the senate , we have the capacity to put all this through .
So what is the excuse for a delay for another three years ?
PENNY WONG : Well , you had the capacity in ...
GRAHAM RICHARDSON :
But the problem , Christine , is you always insist that it 's your way .
PENNY WONG : Correct .
CHRISTINE MILNE : No , that 's a nonsense .
GRAHAM RICHARDSON :
The problem with the greens is you have one policy .
Unless everyone absolutely agrees with us , nothing happens .
If you 'd voted the other way ...
CHRISTINE MILNE : Look , it 's a great line but it 's not true .
GRAHAM RICHARDSON :
If you 'd voted the other way there would be an ETS in operation today .
There would be a price on carbon .
It would be reduced and you did n't .
You just did n't .
CHRISTINE MILNE :
We would be having emissions from coal fired power stations not coming down until 2034 according to the deal that you did and new coal fired power .
TONY JONES : Okay .
All right .
PENNY WONG : Oh , that 's not true .
TONY JONES : Tom Switzer wants to get in then I 'm going to move onto another question .
TOM SWITZER : I just think what distinguishes me from the other four guests here and perhaps even Tony is ...
MULTIPLE SPEAKERS TALK AT ONCE
GRAHAM RICHARDSON :
You do n't believe in climate change at all .
TOM SWITZER : No , I do n't .
MALCOLM TURNBULL : Your youth and good looks .
TOM SWITZER : See , this debate - this debate ...
MULTIPLE SPEAKERS TALK AT ONCE
TOM SWITZER : If you think so Malcolm .
MALCOLM TURNBULL : What is it ?
What is it ?
What is it ?
PENNY WONG :
He thinks it 's a left wing conspiracy that you 've signed up to , Malcolm .
TOM SWITZER : My editorials about you in the Spectator .
MALCOLM TURNBULL : Oh , really .
TOM SWITZER :
This debate , I think , has been conducted for the last two years in a reality vacuum .
The debate is always about do you believe in the science of climate change or manmade global warming .
Now , my view is this : however much there is a consensus on climate change , two things are clear .
There is no policy consensus on climate change and , more importantly , there is no global consensus .
I just spent the last three weeks in Washington and I spoke to republicans and democrats .
Just late last week the bill to legislate a cap and trade model , which is essentially an emissions trading scheme , went nowhere .
They could n't even debate it on the senate floor .
Cap and trade is dead in the United States and remember you 've got democrats in the White House , super majorities in the house of representatives and the senate and they still could n't get cap and trade through the senate .
Sarkozy can't get a carbon tax through his courts .
The Canadians wo n't have an ETS .
The Japanese wo n't have an ETS and , meanwhile , China and India are chugging along the smoky path to prosperity .
Why on earth in that environment ...
TONY JONES : All right .
Okay .
TOM SWITZER : No , this is the key point .
TONY JONES : No. No. No. No .
TOM SWITZER : Why should Australia ( indistinct ) price carbon ?
TONY JONES : You 'll get a chance - you 'll get a chance to continue your point .
I just want to hear Malcolm Turnbull respond to that , particularly on the case of the Americans because , as I understand it , you still strongly favour putting a price on carbon through an emissions trading scheme , as you said earlier ?
MALCOLM TURNBULL : Well , you wo n't find an economist anywhere that will tell you anything other than that the most efficient and effective way to cut emissions is by putting a price on carbon .
There is a debate about whether you should just have a tax on carbon emissions or whether you should have a trading scheme and there are obviously big debates about the design of how an emissions trading scheme would work .
Tom talked about China and India .
I just tell you that the Chinese have announced that they are going to set up an emissions trading scheme .
China is doing more on clean energy than either the United States or Australia and I think ...
TOM SWITZER : Well , if that 's the case why did they , in Kevin Rudd 's language to David Marr , a rat F the Copenhagen talks ?
Because they know it 's costly .
That 's why .
MALCOLM TURNBULL : Well , I do n't want to shock the editor of the Spectator but on that point Kevin Rudd or " Lu Kewen " as he 's known in Beijing was actually mistaken and , you know , China is trying to accommodate both a move to clean energy and providing massive amounts of energy to a rapidly growing economy .
I mean , China is lifting hundreds of millions of people out of poverty and I might just say this : you know , it 's fine to sort of poke fun at the Chinese , as Tom has done , but ...
TOM SWITZER : No , I 'm not picking fun of them .
They 're quite rightly within their interests .
They want to reduce poverty and grow their economy .
MALCOLM TURNBULL : No , but let me just say this .
Let me just say this : our greenhouse gas emissions on a per capita basis are about five times - four or five times China 's and about 10 times India's .
So the reality is that both those countries are very well aware of the challenge and are working hard to promote clean energy solutions and as far as China is concerned , they are doing more than either us or the United States in their efforts to move to cleaner sources of energy , and that 's a fact .
TONY JONES : Okay .
All right .
We 'll move onto another question and , by the way , if Lu Kewen is watching out there in Brisbane , you 're welcome to come on the show anytime .
And we 'll go up to Noel - Leon Ashby , I should say .
LEON ASHBY : Okay .
Just getting back to the citizens ' assembly , climate sceptics do n't deny that there 's climate change , but they do deny that carbon dioxide and greenhouse gases are the cause .
Will the citizens ' assembly address that question because or , you know , this is really the elephant in the corner of the room and is it going to be ignored in the process .
TONY JONES : Okay .
I believe Leon is in the Climate Sceptics Party and is standing as a candidate in the election , but that should be stated .
Penny Wong ?
PENNY WONG : Well , Leon , hello .
TONY JONES :
It 's really quite a simple question .
Will the citizens ' assembly , as you envisage , be addressed by climate sceptics ?
PENNY WONG : I think we should have credible scientists in this debate , whether it's to the citizens assembly or generally and one of the other things that Julia announced was a climate commission , which would include credible scientists and others to do two things : one is to talk about the science and also to talk about where international action is going , because I think it 's important we track that .
TONY JONES : Was that a yes or a no to climate sceptics addressing the people 's assembly .
PENNY WONG : Well , if they 're credible scientists .
LEON ASHBY : Yeah , how do you define credible scientists , Penny ?
PENNY WONG :
Well , I have to say I do n't - my personal view is that many of the people who have a range of theories on this are not always scientists with credibility in this field but there may be - there may be some .
I personally have no qualms at all about having a debate about the science , because my experience is if you take the time with most Australians to take them through the scientific evidence and the reasons why we need to act , most people get it .
TONY JONES : Okay , Tom Switzer , quickly on that subject and then we 'll move on .
TOM SWITZER : Well , I think , to answer your question , manmade global warming , the science of it , it 's a bit like the Da Vinci Code .
There 's a grain of truth but there 's a mountain of nonsense and the problem is - the problem is the alarmists - the alarmists in this debate are totally incapable of understatement .
Totally incapable of understatement and we 've seen that in the course of the whole Climategate scandal .
PENNY WONG :
And your language is so neutral at the moment .
MULTIPLE SPEAKERS TALK AT ONCE
TOM SWITZER : But my point , Tony , quite frankly , actually I concede that there has been some global warming .
There 's no question in the last quarter of the 20th century there was substantial warming and there 's no question that carbon emissions probably played a role in that , but it 's more murky in the last five to 10 years .
But my point is simply that the policy consensus - the policy consensus is not there and the global consensus is not there and if you do n't have a policy consensus or a global consensus ...
TONY JONES : Okay .
TOM SWITZER : ... you might as well just adapt .
TONY JONES : Graham Richardson wants to come in on that .
GRAHAM RICHARDSON : I 'd like to say two things about this .
I just listened to what Tom had to say and you talk about a mountain of nonsense .
It would be hard to jump over that one , pal .
That 's a shocker .
But that having been said , I believe in a democracy .
Everyone , including Tom or our questioner , has a right to be wrong and I think it would be impossible to have a citizens ' assembly of this kind without the alternate argument being put .
It would be a joke and I 'm certain that the government , once it starts up its citizens assembly , will recognise that because to not do so would , to use the word " mountain " , I think bring upon it a mountain of criticism from which it would not recover .
So I think your arguments will get put .
Hopefully they wo n't be accepted but they will get put .
TONY JONES :
All right , let 's move on to another aspect of this policy , the new policy .
It 's from John O'Donnell .
JOHN O'DONNELL : Hello .
While it sounds good to have tighter regulations on our power station emissions , I 'm concerned about how the government is actually going to replace the existing coal fired base load power stations , many of which are reaching the end of design life within the next 10 to 15 years .
TONY JONES : Penny Wong ?
PENNY WONG :
It 's a very good question and it's , I think , one of the more difficult things in this policy area is how do you manage the transition in the energy sector , ensuring continuity and security of supply , but at the same time transitioning to cleaner forms of energy .
So there are a number of things you do .
One is you have to invest in renewables .
We 're doing that .
We passed legislation with the support of the senate for a 20 per cent renewable energy target , which will increase by four times the amount of renewable energy in Australia .
At the same time what we 've announced in this election is two policies , one of which relates to coal fired power that says if you 're going to build a new station you 're going to have to build it to new standards , so we do n't get a highly emitting , dirty power station built in this country .
We 've also said in relation to existing stations that they 're going to have to improve their energy efficiency or monitor their energy efficiency and the second thing we 're doing is , as I said , a billion dollars to connect renewables to the grid .
This is a transition .
If there were a switch that we could flick that said we 're suddenly going to all move to no emissions energy , that would be great because it would solve a substantial amount of the policy challenges people have been grappling with over years .
TONY JONES : Can I just ...
CHRISTINE MILNE : Can I just ...
TONY JONES : Yeah , I 'll come to you in a moment , Christine .
Victorian premier , John Brumby , put out a climate change white paper today .
They evidently want to close down their dirtiest coal fired power station at Hazelwood .
Apparently it 's going to cost hundreds of millions or perhaps a billion dollars or more to do it .
They want Federal Government money .
Are you prepared to give them the money to make this transition , as you call it ?
PENNY WONG : Well , can I say what the PM said is that the carbon pollution reduction scheme , which included assistance for the energy sector as the starting basis for negotiations going forward to get a limit on pollution ...
GRAHAM RICHARDSON : Moving forward .
PENNY WONG : Moving forward .
Yeah , thanks .
It 's good that he 's here .
It keeps me on track .
TONY JONES :
Do you have any idea what it 's going to cost ?
PENNY WONG : No , I do n't , but I do know that people will always ask for a fair amount and I think the issue here is what is the most economically efficient way to make the transition so that taxpayers are not paying too much for the transition and if we do make this transition if we 're getting - if coal fired power stations are moving out of the energy sector , we have to make sure that there 's an overall reduction and that what we 're moving to is cleaner forms of energy .
TONY JONES : Okay , but just confirm you have no idea what it 's going to cost ?
PENNY WONG : Well , sorry , what do you mean ?
TONY JONES :
You do n't know how much it 's going to cost ?
PENNY WONG : Which bit : Hazelwood ?
TONY JONES : Yeah , well , Hazelwood in particular .
PENNY WONG :
Well , I do n't know what they 're asking for .
I have n't seen any propositions .
GRAHAM RICHARDSON :
What are they transitioning to ?
TONY JONES :
All right , I 'm going to hear from both the politicians on this then we 'll move to the next question , starting with Christine Milne and then Malcolm Turnbull .
CHRISTINE MILNE :
Well , just on the issue of coal fired power , there just is no vision in Australian at the moment to move to 100 per cent renewable energy and we know that we can do that and we should have a plan to do that out to 2050 .
What we 've heard from the Prime Minister is a lot of headlines but when you unpack the detail you find that there are 10 to a dozen new coal fired power stations in the pipeline right now and these new guidelines wo n't apply to them .
Now , we should n't be building new coal fired power stations in Australia .
What is carbon capture and storage ready mean ?
That is a nonsense .
It just simply means there 's a space in the car park where if at some point they get the technology we 'll build it there or it means we 'll put the pipeline there to take the carbon dioxide somewhere else .
We need to have a completely different vision here .
The prime minister has talked about taking out the transmission lines .
Yes , we agree with that but unpack the detail and it's only 25 million a year for the next four years .
That is about 25 kilometres .
That is a ridiculous amount of money .
You need to go into the billions for this new infrastructure and that 's what we need to be planning for .
TONY JONES : Malcolm Turnbull ?
MALCOLM TURNBULL : Well , the virtue of putting a price on carbon is that the market works out what the best technology is and you do n't have governments picking technologies and over time , you know , the energy generation sector moves to cleaner and cleaner and then ultimately to zero emission sources of generation .
But as it happens , as far as Premier Brumby 's proposal to phase out a quarter of Hazelwood , which is the dirtiest brown coal power station in Australia and replace it with gas fired technology , which would certainly reduce the emissions .
The only party that has a policy that has the capacity to fund that is , in fact , the Coalition .
The Labor Party has no funds in their policy that is capable of supporting an initiative like that and the Coalition does .
So what John Brumby has done , Labor Premier , mentor of the prime minister Julia Gillard and in a political scene rich with ironies , has announced an initiative that can only be funded by the Coalition .
PENNY WONG :
This is the Coalition policy you described as a recipe for fiscal irresponsibility Malcolm , because you said it would mean government would pay too much , you would n't guarantee reductions in pollution and I think you were right .
You know and I know that picking winners and picking people who you are going to buy out or do things with does n't ensure that you get a reduction over time in the country 's emissions .
To do that you have to have a cap on pollution .
MALCOLM TURNBULL : But you see , Penny , see we agree on this .
We agree that you 've got to have a cap on pollution , you should have a price on carbon .
The difference is neither of us ...
CHRISTINE MILNE : Neither of your leaders do .
That 's your problem .
MALCOLM TURNBULL : Neither of our - no , but , Christine ...
PENNY WONG :
It 's a good line but it 's not true .
It 's a good line but it 's not true .
MALCOLM TURNBULL : No , Christine ...
CHRISTINE MILNE :
It is true .
It is absolutely true .
MALCOLM TURNBULL : No , Christine is absolutely right .
CHRISTINE MILNE :
It 's true .
MALCOLM TURNBULL : Neither of our leaders do .
CHRISTINE MILNE :
That 's right .
PENNY WONG :
That 's not - that 's not right .
MALCOLM TURNBULL : But again - but again it 's a two horse race .
PENNY WONG : Julia says this is what ...
MALCOLM TURNBULL : And at the moment the Coalition ...
PENNY WONG : Tony says it 's crap .
MALCOLM TURNBULL : ... does have a policy that at least is capable of supporting the initiative of Premier Brumby .
You , sadly , on the other hand , have a vacuum .
PENNY WONG : I do n't agree with that .
I do not agree with that .
MALCOLM TURNBULL :
You do not have a policy , you have a policy vacuum .
PENNY WONG :
What we 're saying - well , I do n't agree with that .
TONY JONES :
You want to put a few ...
MALCOLM TURNBULL :
You have a notice for a meeting .
TONY JONES : Do you want to put a billion ...
PENNY WONG : That is not true .
TONY JONES :
Do you want to put a billion dollars on the table right now ?
PENNY WONG : No , that is not true and you know that 's not true and you know a number of the measures we 've announce are about preparing for ...
MALCOLM TURNBULL : But what measures ?
PENNY WONG : Well , a reward for early movers .
You know what that 's about .
You know what the coal fired power stations is about .
It 's about giving the signal in the sector that you can't invest in these sorts of operations anymore .
The reality is the policy you 're now defending you criticised vehemently early this year as a recipe for fiscal irresponsibility .
TONY JONES : Okay .
All right .
Now , we 've gone back to your original point .
PENNY WONG : Yeah .
TONY JONES :
This is Q&A , the life and interactive show where you ask the questions .
Go to our website to find out how to join the studio audience and ask a question like Kuppal Palaniappan .
KUPPAL PALANIAPPAN : I 'd like to know what Kevin Rudd would be thinking if Julia Gillard actually lost the election ?
TONY JONES : Graham Richardson ?
We do n't even have to ask you to be mind reader , because I 'm sure you know the answer .
GRAHAM RICHARDSON : I think that secretly somewhere in the deep , dark recesses of his soul there would be some glee but ...
MALCOLM TURNBULL : That is the understatement of the 21st century .
PENNY WONG : Would you like to tell us ?
GRAHAM RICHARDSON : But Kevin Rudd is a long term member of the Labor Party and , you know , I 've been in the Labor Party since I was a kid and basically you have to cop what you do n't like sometimes in politics and Malcolm just copped it in his side .
Happens all the time .
If you 're not tough enough to wear it , you should n't be there ...
TOM SWITZER : You 've done it twice now , Richo .
GRAHAM RICHARDSON : ... and I have no doubt he 'll vote Labor and I have no doubt he still wants to be foreign minister so I dare say he 'll be hoping that they win and he 'll do all he can to ensure it happens .
TONY JONES : Malcolm Turnbull ?
MALCOLM TURNBULL : Yeah , look , I think all jokes aside , I think Richo is probably right .
I think there would be a touch of schadenfreude - you know , rejoicing in the misery of your enemies - if Julia Gillard were to lose the election but I think Kevin Rudd has indicated that he wants to serve as a cabinet minister in a Gillard government , so I 'm sure he will be voting Labor because he 'll be voting for himself .
TONY JONES : Can I ...
MALCOLM TURNBULL : I would n't count on his senate vote , however .
I think that 's a ...
TONY JONES : Just on the question of schadenfreude , will you be feeling the same sort of thing if ...
MALCOLM TURNBULL : I'm ...
TONY JONES : You 'll be ( indistinct ) .
MALCOLM TURNBULL : I 'm just filled with love and affection for all of my colleagues .
TONY JONES : Penny Wong , do you want to answer the question about what 's in Kevin Rudd 's mind if you lose the election ?
PENNY WONG : No , I 'm just thinking that that just means
Tony is prime minister so I do n't know what we think about that .
But , no , I do n't know .
TOM SWITZER : Well , of course Kevin Rudd will be very happy if Julia Gillard wins .
He has , after all , been knifed in the most brutal and bloody manner but a bunch of union thugs who still control the Labor Party .
GRAHAM RICHARDSON : What ?
TOM SWITZER : Well , it 's true .
Absolutely .
Well , Richo , mate , it 's absolutely right and , you know , it reminds me of this movie Clint Eastwood played in as Dirty Harry many years ago and he said , " Revenge is the oldest motivation known to mankind " and I think that what we 'll see in the next four weeks is absolutely Kevin Rudd revenge .
Read Mark Latham 's column .
This bloke is leaking and leaking and leaking and he 'll do everything to undermine Julia Gillard .
CHRISTINE MILNE :
Well , it 's no wonder that John Howard says you 're the authentic voice of the right .
MALCOLM TURNBULL : Tony , can I say something about revenge ?
MULTIPLE SPEAKERS TALK AT ONCE
TONY JONES : Yes , you can say something about revenge .
MALCOLM TURNBULL : I 'll say something about revenge ( indistinct ) .
TONY JONES : Because I 'd quite like to hear you on the subject of revenge .
MALCOLM TURNBULL :
There was a moment many years ago when I was working with Kerry Packer when Kerry was promising , you know , death and destruction to his opponents and Jim Wolfenson , who was with us , said , " Remember , Kerry , revenge is a dish best eaten cold , " to which the great man replied , " Better eaten hot than not at all . "
TONY JONES :
At what point does Tony Abbott look cold to you ?
MALCOLM TURNBULL : No , he 's full of life .
TONY JONES : Okay .
Indeed .
TOM SWITZER : Well , he 's full of something .
I 'll give you that .
TONY JONES :
This is Q&A , the program that gives you the chance to ask the questions and have a spirited debate ; the sort of debate we have n't seen a lot of .
We 've got a lot of people who are interested in asking this question , many in fact .
It comes from Danielle Raffaele .
DANIELLE RAFFAELE : My question is directed to Penny .
Penny , you say that you support your party 's decision to be against gay marriage , even though you are gay yourself .
How can you sit idly back and allow yourself to remain silent about the obvious inequality that you are kept in ?
PENNY WONG : I 'm glad you asked me this question , because I think it 's important for me to explain to you how I approach this issue and politics and the first thing I wanted to say to you is that by virtue of who I am , prejudice and discrimination are things I have some firsthand knowledge of and when I entered the parliament , I did actually think very carefully about how to handle being Asian and gay and in the parliament , because it had n't been done before , and I thought a couple of things .
One of them was about how I would handle it personally , and that was to be absolutely open about who I am , to never shy away from that and try to be dignified , even when it might be difficult and part of the reason I did that was I thought it was very important to show that you should never be ashamed of who you are , even when there are people who would try to make you be , and I thought that was one of the best things I could do in terms of how I handled it .
On the issue of , I suppose , reform , there are a number of us in the party - Anthony Albanese , Tanya , others , who have worked very hard to try and improve the parties position and policies on gay and lesbian Australians and I can remember in 1998 at a national conference I was at , I think Richo was there , was the very first time we actually had in the platform any reference to discrimination on the basis of sexuality .
And since that time I think you 've seen progressive improvements , modernisation in the Labor Party 's platform and at the last election we went to the election with the most comprehensive set of law reform in relation to gay and lesbian rights that the country has ever seen and we have delivered them all .
We have delivered them all and they are important things .
They are things such as parental recognition of children of same sex relationships under the Family Law Act .
They are recognition of same sex relationships as de facto relationships in federal law , in Veterans Affairs , in terms of Medicare access .
These are things which make a real difference to people 's lives .
Now , I accept that you and some other people in the community would like us to have a different position in terms of marriage .
That is n't the position in the party but what I would say to you is do take a moment to consider what we have tried to do , what we have advocated for and what we have delivered for gay and lesbian Australians .
CHRISTINE MILNE :
Well , this is a lack of leadership , I have to say .
This is a real lack of leadership and this is another example of the prime minister 's lack of leadership .
Virtually as soon as she became the prime minister she ruled out going to marriage equality .
She ruled out getting rid of this vestige of discrimination and she went on to say it 's not religious .
So is it historical ?
Is it cultural ?
And if it 's historical and cultural , it is the responsibility of the Prime Minister to lead this country to a better place and that is what we need to be doing and we 'll have legislation - we have legislation .
We put it to the parliament before .
It was voted down by everyone except the Greens .
We will be putting it in there again in balance of power in the senate and we are hoping that this time whoever is in government will go to a conscience vote on this because I 'm confident that the Australian community really wants to see this change and Julia Gillard should offer leadership in this regard .
TONY JONES :
All right , I 'm going to throw that back for a brief response to Penny Wong and I suppose the key question there is whether a conscience vote under the circumstances ...
PENNY WONG : Yeah , I do n't agree with conscience votes and I 'll tell you why , and that 's also from a feminist perspective .
If we'd had conscience votes in the Labor Party on a range of issues - well , we obviously have on abortion , but on other issues , there are many reforms which would not have been achieved .
I have a view that you join a team , you 're part of the team and that 's the way , you know , we operate and people sometimes like that and sometimes they do n't but that 's ...
TONY JONES : We 've got one quick response from the audience there .
GRAHAM RICHARDSON : I ...
TONY JONES : Sorry , just hang on , Graham .
AUDIENCE MEMBER : Yeah , just Malcolm Turnbull openly disagrees with Liberal policy on ETS .
Why can't you openly disagree with Labor policy on gay marriage ?
PENNY WONG : Well , because , as I 've said ...
GRAHAM RICHARDSON : ( Indistinct )
TONY JONES : Yeah .
GRAHAM RICHARDSON : Look , I 'm amazed somewhat by these questions , really .
You would not have had many of the things that have now happened that she 's already referred to if people like Penny were n't in the Labor Party and were n't pushing for them .
There are a lot of people in the Labor Party who do n't agree with this stuff .
At the moment there 's nowhere near a majority but there will be .
There will be over time because Penny will work for it and it will get up in the end .
But give her a break , for God 's sake .
She 's part of a caucus .
There 's a whole lot of them .
She does n't run the government , she 's a part of it .
A part of it .
There 's a think called cabinet solidarity ...
AUDIENCE MEMBER : She can have an opinion .
GRAHAM RICHARDSON : ... and if she wants to break it she gets nowhere .
You 'll lose someone who fights for your cause .
That , my friends , is dumb .
Big time dumb .
TONY JONES : No , sorry , I 'm going to draw a line under that now , because we have got other topics people want to get onto .
You 're watching Q&A and remember you can send your web or video questions to our website .
The address is on the screen .
Our next question comes from in the audience from Laura Scrivano .
LAURA SCRIVANO : Thanks ,
Tony .
Much of Australia 's economic stability has been built on the back of immigration and my question is to Malcolm Turnbull .
As a businessman , are you worried that Tony Abbott 's policy of a small Australia and reducing immigration is going to stall economic growth in Australia ?
TONY JONES : Well , start with you , Malcolm .
MALCOLM TURNBULL : Okay .
Well , look , I would n't characterise Tony Abbott 's policy like that .
I mean , let me tell you what I understand our policy to be and why I think it 's right .
I think we should calibrate our immigration to our demands of our labour force .
In other words we should ensure that immigration is matched by demands for labour in Australia .
Now , over the last few years we have seen higher levels of immigration but we 've also seen high levels of employment and the fact of the matter is we would not have had as strong an economy as we have today , let alone as diverse and successful a country if we had not had the immigration that we 've had .
We are a nation of immigration .
We are a multicultural nation .
Immigration is part of our DNA but it is important that it is matched to the demands from our labour force .
In other words that people come to Australia .
They come to Australia when there are jobs available and there are things for them to do and that is - you know , that is common sense and , frankly , I think the coalition 's policy of referring those immigration targets to the Productivity Commission which , as you know , is the Federal Government 's top economic think tank , is a very sensible approach to take .
PENNY WONG :
That 's no longer your policy .
TONY JONES : Okay .
Sorry , we 've got a questioner from the audience , down the front here .
AUDIENCE MEMBER :
But then would n't it make more sense to limit immigration by skills rather than a numerical quota ?
MALCOLM TURNBULL : No , but again , you see , I think you 've got to recognise that , again , what Tony said was that the skills program , the immigration ...
AUDIENCE MEMBER :
But it 's still based on a number .
MALCOLM TURNBULL : No . No .
AUDIENCE MEMBER :
It 's based on getting the number down .
MALCOLM TURNBULL :
The reality is immigration levels fluctuate depending on the demand for labour .
AUDIENCE MEMBER : Yeah , that 's right .
MALCOLM TURNBULL :
The big change - I tell you there has been a big - I do n't know if we 've got some time for this but there 's been a big change ...
TONY JONES : No , we have a little - you can have 30 seconds .
MALCOLM TURNBULL : Okay , so I 'll just say very briefly the bottom line is this : we are a nation that 's been built on immigration .
Immigration has built Australia .
That 's a good thing .
We just simply have to make sure that the rate of immigration is based on the demands from our labour force .
When people complain about overpopulation , very often what they 're complaining about is congestion and the fact that governments , particularly state governments but also Federal Governments , have failed to invest in the infrastructure in our cities to enable us to maintain our amenity of life at the same time - at the same time as we are - you see , the key thing to bear in mind is this : density of , you know , of habitation in our cities - density in itself is not a problem .
Density supported by the right infrastructure can actually increase amenity .
What we have failed to do , in my view , is provide the infrastructure to support the growth of our cities and that 's something in the context of this debate we have to focus on .
This debate should be focussed on the investment of infrastructure for our cities and of course for our regions .
But above all for the cities , because that 's where most of the growth has occurred .
TONY JONES : Penny Wong ?
PENNY WONG : Well , I 'm actually no longer sure , having listened to that , what your immigration policy actually is , Malcolm , because what you and Tony say seem to be different things .
I understand he 's come up with a figure which he says is now your figure , which appears to simply be the figure that 's projected as a result of government policy changes .
Leaving all that aside , I do think the issue is , and we 've spoken about a sustainable population , which is talking about actually one of the issues Malcolm referenced .
I think this is a different issue in different parts of Australia and some areas have skill shortages and some areas have housing shortages and then other areas we have too many - you know , too much congestion and we know that we have to look at ways in which we can improve things like infrastructure , water and our regional cities .
So I think this is a complex debate and it is a debate that we have to , I think , engage in carefully , sensibly and maturely .
TONY JONES :
All right , we 're running out of time .
Let 's have one more question .
It comes from Luke Brand .
LUKE BRAND : Richo , this is probably one for you .
We 've seen total lack of forward thinking from both sides of politics throughout this entire campaign .
We 've got the Greens saying no for the sake of saying no , just so they can save baby lizards and small tree frogs ...
CHRISTINE MILNE :
Well , saving the forests would be a fantastic way to start in this election , do n't you think ?
LUKE BRAND : Richo , where are visionaries ?
Where are the great minds of politics ?
Where is the forward thinking for this nation ; the grand schemes to move forward , like high speed rail , like Snowy Mountains style schemes .
CHRISTINE MILNE : ( Indistinct )
LUKE BRAND : Where are those people that can show me , as a voter , how we 're going to move the country forward ?
TONY JONES : All right .
I 'm not going to throw it straight to Richo , as you put it .
I 'm going to put it to Christine Milne .
CHRISTINE MILNE : Okay .
Well , first of all the Greens have a policy to invest in high speed rail and I absolutely think we need to be going forward on that .
But one of the issues we really have n't talked about in this election is the protection of Australia 's forests , biodiversity , the Great Barrier Reef and it would be fantastic to see our forests protected as carbon stores and if the parties are not prepared to go near a carbon price , will they protect our forests in this election .
It is time we did that .
LUKE BRAND : Sorry , Christine .
Sorry , Christine , but that 's not a scheme moving forward , that 's another environmental policy and it's all good and well for us to get bogged down in environmental policy but how are we progressing the nation .
That 's going backwards .
That 's not creating jobs .
TONY JONES :
All right , yeah , a very quick response , because we need to hear from the whole panel on this subject .
CHRISTINE MILNE : Creating jobs into the future is moving to the low carbon economy and by doing that you are investing in 100 per cent renewable energy .
You are creating jobs in the manufacturing sector , which have been hollowed out as we have actually gone backwards into becoming a quarry .
We can become a country with large investment in education , new manufacturing , new amenity in our cities , redesigning those cities , sustainability in food production but protecting our biodiversity , our water , our land , keeping farmers on the land .
All those things are really important for the future and they are central to Greens ' policy .
You can't have an economy if you do n't look after your environment .
We all know that .
LUKE BRAND : Show us some policy , Christine .
TONY JONES : Okay .
All right .
Hold on .
LUKE BRAND : Put it out there .
TONY JONES : Okay , hold on .
I 'm going to put your question to Graham Richardson , where you directed it originally , and the question ended , " Where are the great visionaries ? "
GRAHAM RICHARDSON : I 've got to say at the moment I do n't think visionaries are in great supply .
That having been said I think that in this era what you 've got to look for are committed politicians : people who actually believe in something and have a commitment to it .
Even if it is n't a grand vision , at least it 's some sort of vision and if you look on the panel today there 's two of them .
Because while I might n't agree with everything that Malcolm has , he believes in things .
Malcolm will fight for them .
Penny is the same thing and as far as Christine is concerned if the Greens would listen to her and focus on forests and not on every other thing then I think they could go back to being a great party .
But what it requires is a bit of focus and sometimes I think that 's lacking .
At the moment , though , look for the commitment in them and there are some .
I 'm not saying the parliament is full of them .
It ca n't be .
It 's full of a lot of people who should n't be there , in my view , but some of them that are there are wonderful and I think you 've got to support the ones that are good .
There are some on both sides .
I mean , I 've got a view about which side has got more of them but that 's just my view .
TONY JONES : Okay .
All right .
GRAHAM RICHARDSON :
As I said before , you have a right to be wrong .
TONY JONES :
We 're really running out of time .
A quick response from Tom .
TOM SWITZER : I 'll be very quick , and I hate to be a Cassandra but it 's a good question .
Harold McMillan , the British prime minister , once said , " If you want a vision , do n't consult a politician , consult a saint , " and unfortunately that 's the obvious response to your question .
The nature of politics is - the nature of politics is that it comes down to nitty gritty issues of the day , lawmaking , it 's very difficult to think and actually execute in those big picture visions .
TONY JONES : All right , St Malcolm ?
MALCOLM TURNBULL : Thank you .
Well , I 'll leave you - I 'll just leave you with something to ponder on .
We all know how much the New South Wales Labor Government has done for public transport in Sydney in the last 15 years .
In 1995 Bob Carr was elected and that began that government .
It was also the year that the Shanghai Metro opened with one line .
It now has 420 kilometres of track , 269 stations , carries six million people a day and by 2020 will be twice that size .
So you can have the infrastructure you want .
You do n't have to be , you know , a China .
You do n't have to be a communist state to do it .
You can do it if you 've got the leadership and commitment and the scarcest natural resource we have in Australia at the moment , there 's two : leadership and courage .
TONY JONES : And Penny Wong ?
PENNY WONG :
So your question , I think you asked about jobs and I 'd point to two things which I think are important .
One is education , because I think that investing in our people , ensuring that all young Australians get the opportunity to be the best they can be .
Whether it's in the trades , or other , education is important , so I think the way in which we have focussed so much on education , that 's been very much a hallmark of Julia 's activities as a minister and now as prime minister is really important .
The second thing is I do think we need to diversify our economy more .
We have n't talked about the mining tax tonight but what is important about that is additional funds from the mining sector , but what we are also doing is investing in a reduction in company tax for other parts of the economy and I think that is important .
TONY JONES : Okay , we 've run out of time and on the visionary tax we 'll have to leave it and thank our panel : Malcolm Turnbull , Tom Switzer , Christine Milne , Penny Wong , and Graham Richardson .
Thank you .
Next week , Q&A will hit the campaign trail to visit Queensland , the state that could decide this election .
Joining us in Brisbane will be a panel of Queensland political players , including the Minister for Small Business , Craig Emerson ; National senator Barnaby Joyce ; the Shadow Health Minister Peter Dutton ; and Queensland Greens candidate Larissa Waters .
Before we go tonight , an election treat .
We 're already being bombarded with political ads .
Most of them are as mind numbing as last night 's debate , quite frankly , so how should it be done ?
A few weeks ago the Gruen Transfer showed an ad they described as perfect .
OLD SPICE AD PLAYED
TONY JONES : All right .
Well , few political ads come anywhere near that sort of creativity but we 'll leave you tonight with a video animation from Small Poppy TV that applies the Old Spice strategy to Tony Abbott 's campaign .
Maybe it 's worth trying .
Good night .
As iconic news host Larry King prepares to make his exit later this year , much has been and will continue to be written about how King ’s time as king of cable news is long gone .
People will talk about his softball interviews , laugh at his out - of - touch moments , point to his massive ratings declines .
But while this goes on over the next few months , quite possibly here at Mediaite as well , remember what makes Larry King great too .
Here ’s my favorite Larry King moment ever .
King has made for great late night TV comedy fodder – a running gag on Conan O’Brien ‘s former Late Night show was simply how old King is .
Jimmy Kimmel on ABC has never held back in poking fun at the CNN host either , but the deference is clear as well .
Kimmel has filled in for King as guest host in the past .
It was last July when King was a guest on Kimmel ’s late night ABC show – ironically , my favorite moment was n’t King as legendary interviewer , but as interviewee .
Kimmel gave King seven mostly - uninterrupted minutes ( besides the bursts of laughter ) to tell one of the funniest stories I ’ve ever heard .
It gave King a chance to talk about his childhood growing up in New York , and included general comments like , “ If you ’re a D student in New York , you ’re mayor of Des Moines . ”
But it was about one particular event in his life , one event described so expertly down to every last captivating detail it might even make the ‘ does King still have it ? ’ skeptics think twice .
Enjoy the Gil Moppo Story – as told by one the true Kings of television :
— –
» Follow Steve Krakauer on Twitter
Have a tip we should know ?
[ email protected ]
Halliburton , the company once headed by former Republican Vice President Dick Cheney , contributed $ 15,500 to federal candidates during June , according to a Center for Responsive Politics review of their political action committee ’s most recent campaign finance filing .
That amount represents the third largest month of donations by the PAC this election cycle .
The giving comes at a time when the Texas - based company is weathering a political storm for its involvement on the Deepwater Horizon oil rig that exploded on April 20 and sunk in the Gulf of Mexico , causing a massive amount oil to spill into the surrounding waters .
Investigations are currently underway to determine how and why the spill occurred — and who should be held responsible — by Congress and the Department of Justice .
In May , Halliburton ’s PAC contributed $ 17,000 to federal lawmakers — the most since last September .
And during the second quarter of 2010 , Halliburton has contributed $ 46,500 to federal lawmakers — about one - third of the entire sum it has donated this election cycle , the Center found .
Last month , the energy company cut checks to 10 federal politicians , the Center found .
And politicians are n’t eager to talk about the money .
Rebeca Chapa , a spokeswoman for Rep. Ciro Rodriguez ( D - Texas ) — the sole Democrat among the company ’s beneficiaries last month — declined to comment for this story .
And of the nine Republican beneficiaries , just two responded to requests for comment .
Contributions from BP , which was operating the now - sunken oil rig , have been viewed as undesirable by many politicians in the past two months , as OpenSecrets Blog previously reported .
Yet the Republicans that were reached Friday did not view the money from Halliburton as toxic .
“ I welcome the support of all who are interested in job creation , ” Arkansas Republican congressional candidate Tim Griffin , who received a $ 1,000 contribution from Halliburton ’s PAC last month , said in a statement e-mailed to OpenSecrets Blog .
“ The Fayetteville Shale is critical to job creation in Arkansas ’s Second District , and Halliburton is a player there in developing our natural gas resource .
“ While the investigation continues , I have been abundantly clear that BP and other responsible parties must bear the entire financial burden for the environmental and economic catastrophe in the Gulf , ” Griffin added .
Similarly , California Republican U.S. Senate candidate Carly Fiorina , who received $ 5,000 from Halliburton ’s PAC in June and received another $ 2,500 from the PAC back in April , did not shy away from the association with Halliburton .
“ Our policy is to evaluate contributions on a case - by - case basis , ” said Andrea Saul , Fiorina ’s press secretary e-mailed in a statement to OpenSecrets Blog .
“ Carly has not and will not take donations from BP .
We make these decisions based on facts , not speculation , and therefore , at this point , have accepted the contribution from Halliburton . ”
The Center found that the other federal - level Republicans to benefit from Halliburton ’s cash last month included two members of the Louisiana delegation , two members of the House Energy and Commerce Committee , one member of the House Natural Resources Committee and several high - profile challengers and open seat candidates .
These recipients were :
Additionally , Halliburton ’s PAC contributed $ 2,000 to the state - level campaign of incumbent Republican Gov. Rick Perry of Texas .
Halliburton ’s PAC ended the quarter with $ 144,600 in cash on hand .
It has contributed $ 148,100 to federal candidates since January 2009 , mostly to Republicans .
Halliburton contractors performed cementing operations to seal the offshore oil well .
Some have suggested that faulty cementing contributed to the spill , although Halliburton itself has maintained that its work is not to blame .
Teresa Wong , manager of public relations for Halliburton , said the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico “ has had no impact on how the PAC members are distributing the funds . ”
“ Halliburton ’s PAC , supported by the voluntary contributions of company employees , makes contributions to candidates and elected officials from the states where our employees live and work and to those whose business views are aligned with efforts that support the oil and gas industry , ” Wong added .
Center for Responsive Politics Political Action Committee Researcher Spencer MacColl contributed to this report .
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : Feel free to distribute or cite this material , but please credit the Center for Responsive Politics .
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : [ email protected ]
·
·
·
·
·
·
·
·
Support Accountability Journalism
At OpenSecrets.org we offer in - depth , money - in - politics stories in the public interest .
Whether you ’re reading about 2020 presidential fundraising , conflicts of interest or “ dark money ” influence , we produce this content with a small , but dedicated team .
Every donation we receive from users like you goes directly into promoting high - quality data analysis and investigative journalism that you can trust .
Please support our work and keep this resource free .
Thank you .
Support OpenSecrets ➜
Read more OpenSecrets News & Analysis :
Former Vice President Al
Gore wo n't be prosecuted over allegations by a masseuse that he groped and assaulted her in his Portland hotel room in 2006 , the county prosecutor said Friday .
PORTLAND , Ore. ( AP )  Former Vice President Al Gore was cleared Friday of allegations he groped and assaulted a masseuse in a luxury Portland hotel room in 2006 , closing a case that could have tarnished the Nobel prize winner 's reputation .
After a four - week investigation that included interviews with Gore , masseuse Molly Hagerty , her acquaintances and hotel staff , as well as testing a pair of stained pants belonging to Hagerty , Multnomah County District Attorney Michael Schrunk said Friday there was no basis for prosecution .
In a memo to Schrunk released with the decision , Senior Deputy District Attorney Don Rees cited " contradictory evidence , conflicting witness statements , credibility issues , lack of forensic evidence and denials by Mr. Gore . "
Rees also said Hagerty and her attorneys were uncooperative , witnesses could not remember anything unusual , Hagerty failed a polygraph examination and she would not say whether she was paid by a tabloid newspaper for her story .
Gore aides welcomed the news .
" Mr. Gore unequivocally and emphatically denied this accusation when he first learned of its existence three years ago , " spokeswoman Kalee Kreider said in a statement .
" He respects and appreciates the thorough and professional work of the Portland authorities and is pleased that this matter has now been resolved . "
Gore and his attorneys met with Portland detectives in San Francisco on July 22 , telling them he remembered almost nothing about the woman and was " completely baffled " by her statements , according to the memo .
Among the contradictory or conflicting statements about the alleged incident at the Hotel Lucia in downtown Portland on Oct. 24 , 2006 , prosecutors noted : — Hagerty , who has red hair , said she called Gore after the alleged incident to tell him to " dream of redheaded women , seemingly in contradiction to her assertions she was terrified of Mr. Gore . " —
Forensic testing by the Oregon State Police crime lab of a stain on pants that Hagerty said she was wearing during the encounter with Gore was negative for any seminal fluid .
—
An attorney for Hagerty told detectives she had taken a polygraph exam about her allegations and failed .
—
Two days after the encounter , Hagerty sent an e-mail to Hotel Lucia thanking managers for the referral and saying she was more than confident that Gore " was completely happy with the professional services I delivered . "
It does not mention any problems . —
Hagerty named about 20 people , mostly friends , she claimed had information .
But many did not return calls from detectives or could not be contacted , and those who were questioned were not witnesses .
—
All hotel personnel on duty at the time were interviewed and none recalled anything unusual except for a billing dispute between Hagerty and the hotel .
There were questions about Hagerty 's claims from the beginning .
She first contacted police in 2006 through an attorney , claiming " unwanted sexual contact " by Gore , but the attorney declined to discuss any details .
Hagerty then failed to attend meetings scheduled three times with detectives , and the attorney finally said it would be handled as a civil complaint .
Nothing further was heard from Hagerty until January 2009 , when she appeared at police headquarters to say she wanted to file a criminal complaint .
An interview with a detective resulted in a 67 - page transcript describing the massage therapy session with Gore at the Hotel Lucia , including an " inescapable embrace . "
The memo noted that investigators determined the claims " did not merit further inquiry " and did not refer it to the district attorney 's office .
Hagerty requested a copy of the transcript of her interview with detectives last March and told police she intended to " take her story to the news media . "
Her claims were published in an online version of the National Enquirer on June 23 , resulting in another investigation by Portland police .
The story was published by the newspaper on July 5 and Hagerty was featured in the newspaper again on July 12 with photographs of her in what appears to be a law office .
She had also given her story to the Portland Tribune , which said it thoroughly investigated her allegations — including interviewing her — only to determine it was n't responsible to move forward with a story .
It 's still unclear whether she sought compensation from the National Enquirer , and whether she received payment from any publication .
Rees noted in his memo that refusal by Hagerty and her attorneys to answer questions about whether she was paid , and that given " the Enquirer 's documented practice of paying for stories , it is logical to assume Ms. Hagerty has been compensated . "
The Associated Press does not generally identify people who say they are victims of sex crimes , but Hagerty had made her identity public by giving an interview to the National Enquirer .
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Another compilation of pretty and extremely beautiful ladies .
See more pretty women :
Beautiful Women ( 59 pics )
Gorgeous Women ( 95 pics )
Picture # 1 was removed by admin
Source
Middle - income layers shrinking in Germany
By Dietmar Henning
22 June 2010
The gap between rich and poor in Germany is widening , while the group of those on middle incomes is shrinking .
This is the key finding reached in a new study by the German Institute of Economic Research ( DIW ) on income distribution in Germany .
The DIW researchers regard their study mainly as a warning of the dangers this presents for social stability .
The study clearly shows that for about 10 years the number of the poor has grown strongly , while the layer of wealthy citizens has increased steadily , albeit more slowly .
The poor become continually poorer , while the rich become even richer .
These two tendencies are at the expense of the middle - income stratum .
“ Some from this group have risen into the upper income group while many more have descended into the lower income group , ” the study finds .
According to the study , only 60 percent of Germans remain in the middle layer bracket with a monthly net income of € 860 - €1,844 ( single households ) .
In 2000 , this figure was more than 66 percent .
Above all , the number of those on low incomes has risen strongly , from 18 percent in 2000 to almost 22 percent in 2009 .
An even greater increase in this group is recorded in east Germany , from around 24 percent in 2000 to 31 percent last year .
In 2000 , those on low incomes received an average of €680 per month ; in 2008 this was only €645 .
However , the median earnings of those in the higher income group have increased from € 2,400 to € 2,700 .
A detailed analysis shows that the increase at the top of society is concentrated in “ just the richest 5 percent of the population , ” DIW researcher Mark Grabka told the Frankfurter Rundschau .
“ The gap between rich and poor has widened dramatically , ” according to the DIW .
This middle layer , as defined solely by income , includes much of the working class , whose incomes are derived solely through employment .
Generally , this layer has no major possessions , and certainly does not own any capital .
Therefore , it is the labour market and labour market policies that are crucial for this development :
“ If the number of employees declines , the number of people in the lower income groups increases . ”
Short - time working and other schemes mean that the 2009 economic crisis has not yet had a major impact on income distribution .
But even with falling joblessness and rising employment , this development would not be reversed .
“ We see here a long - term , relatively steady trend , ” said Jan Goebel , one of the authors of the study .
However , the content of the study is not entirely surprising .
As early as 2006 , the DIW had warned of the erosion of the middle layers .
The DIW researchers and other institutes regularly publish figures showing that poverty is growing , while those at the upper end of society have seen their riches increase .
Fourteen percent of the German population live in poverty , having less than 60 percent of median income .
In comparison to west Germany ( 13 percent ) , the higher poverty rate in east Germany ( 19 percent ) is primarily due to the persistently high unemployment to be found there .
Figures were published recently showing that the super - rich will emerge from the current crisis even richer .
Last year in Germany , there were 430,000 dollar millionaires , the highest number ever .
The number of millionaire households grew last year alone by 23 percent .
The reasons are well known : The Social Democratic Party - Green Party government of Gerhard Schröder ( SPD ) and Joschka Fischer ( Greens ) was responsible for a massive redistribution in wealth and incomes after 1998 .
The SPD - Green government lowered the top rate for income tax from 53 to 42 percent ; gave tax breaks to big business and the owners of capital , and with the introduction of the Hartz welfare and labour “ reforms , ” created the conditions for a massive low - wage sector , in which almost 7 million people are now working .
The grand coalition of the Christian Democratic Union ( CDU ) and SPD under Chancellor Merkel ( CDU ) continued this course from 2005 .
The trade unions have contributed to this development by supporting government policy for years , agreeing to only small wage increases , which mean real wages are falling .
Real wages are now back at the level they were 25 years ago in the mid-1980s .
The current federal government of the Christian Democratic Union / Christian Social Union and Free Democratic Party has adopted austerity measures that will speed up this development .
While the rich and the employers remain unscathed , billions are to be recouped from the unemployed , poor families , workers and pensioners .
For this reason , DIW economist Jan Goebel criticised the government ’s proposed austerity measures :
“ The specific proposals only affect those on lower incomes .
But the share of the rich is growing steadily , and the rich earn more and more .
This raises the question of whether this group should also make a contribution to [ government ] savings . ”
It is clear that the DIW researchers regard their study mainly as a warning to the government .
They see the growing polarisation of society as “ deeply worrying ” .
They fear that the developments uncovered in their report will unsettle the middle layers .
“ A strong middle class is important for maintaining social stability ” , they note .
Their study specifically refers to the stabilising effect of the middle - income layers on German society since World War II : “ Securing the middle is regarded as an important condition for the stability of democratic governance . ”
by Doug Vance on July 1 , 2010
The only option provided for countering environmental destruction is relatively mild financial penalty .
These penalties have been applied for who knows how many decades , but there is no improvement .
The only change lately under this singular fine option is in scale , which means bigger as in entire lakes , forests and oceans instead of just isolated vacant lots or tributary creeks polluted in the past :
Syncrude faced one charge under environmental law and another under federal legislation for failing to stop the ducks from landing on its 12 - square - kilometre tailings pond on April 28 , 2008 .
The judge found the company guilty on both counts .
Our skyrocketing population numbers combined with the utilitarian imperative to liberalize , modernize and democratize everyone is the cause of the increase in scale .
But , we have discussed population numbers here before , a description of the problem .
But , other approaches need to be explored .
In this case , since fines are only applied after the damage , deterrence [ sic ] is clearly insufficient if not often a total misnomer .
Robb said Syncrude has taken steps to minimize the chance of that happening again .
Deterence measures now operate all year round .
But Mike Hudema of Greenpeace said Syncrude and the Alberta government still have a lot to answer for .
“ The Stelmach government has never looked into its own fault in this event and continues to allow multinational companies to poison and destroy large swaths of this province , ” Hudema said .
“ These toxic lakes should never have been allowed to be created .
This is n’t just about the ducks .
It is about health and protecting people and communities . ”
Tailings ponds , which now cover a total of 170 square kilometres between all oilsands operators , have long been a major point of controversy for the industry .
Hundreds of millions of dollars are being spent in efforts to clean them up and reclaim them .
winnipegfreepress
The company in question harvests oil shale for North American consumers .
Petrol consumerism as a function of demand will disappear when two conditions are met :
we have about as good of an alternative , but as yet there is nothing close fuel gets too expensive , but that will not be the case for twenty years
Sometimes , to avoid sliding into what amounts to impotent protest , it is best to consider what actually is possible in the now .
What if in addition to mere fines for say , an inspection violation , direct asset confiscation were also in the state ’s punitive arsenal for more serious offenses like the one revealed in the article ?
The state could claim the oil shale company ’s harvesting site and facility , then host a public auction .
The mansions and automobiles of organized crime outfits are seized and auctioned , so there is already some form of precedent to work with .
Those qualified to bid for the site and facility would need to be an industry competitor such as another oil shale company , but only those having a better environmental record .
Alternatively , a green NGO could bid on the facility , presumably to repair the site , remove the artificial structures and let nature reclaim it , holding it in trust indefinitely .
But , green NGOs are highly unlikely to outbid a petroleum company , so such cases would be very rare .
The competing bidder who wins acquires the seized assets for a greatly reduced price but is in exchange expected to uphold the same conservation standards for the site and facility .
So , we have stronger incentive for a company ’s operations to adhere to conservation standards .
We also have stronger incentive to keep a clean conservation record in order to qualify in future bids against a competitor ’s seized assets .
Furthermore , environmental NGOs are let in on the game , if only as a wild card variable , but with an increased active presence in public volunteer conservation , rather than only in a sidelined display of protest .
Last , the company in violation whos assets are seized by the state will not necessarily be forced out of business entirely .
But , it will approach its operations more professionally than what a mere $ 800,000 cost of fine threatens .
Tags : realism
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Android users , rejoice !
Facebook CEO and co-founder Mark Zuckerberg will now be forced to feel your pain .
The Android app for Facebook could be charitably described as less functional than the iPhone app .
We 're sure there are good reasons for this , the greatest of which is likely market share .
With iOS - running phones composing more than half of all smartphones , according to recent research , it 's in Facebook 's best interest to focus on this segment first .
Still , for the ever - growing number of Android device users who also would like a little Facebook mobile action , the pared - down feature set of Facebook for Android makes us feel neglected — the redheaded stepchildren of Facebook mobile users .
But now that " Zuck " is one of us , all that 's about to change ... right ?
Historically , Facebook has made fairly few gestures toward the Android platform .
It launched its official Android app last fall and rolled out an SDK for Android devs just a couple months ago .
But Facebook 's iPhone work , which began with an official app launch in the summer of 2008 , has been nothing short of fantastic .
i Phone users can chat , watch videos and more all from within the app .
Recent patents suggest even deeper app / hardware integration .
And the app keeps up with Apple 's iOS updates , too .
For reference , we polled Twitter users on what they specifically would change or what they currently dislike about Facebook 's Android app .
The app 's notification system was by far the most - cited annoyance .
Another common complaint was the app's redirects to Facebook 's mobile touch site rather than having more in - app functionality .
Users are having a hard time clicking and launching the links posted by their friends , let alone sharing links and items .
One user said he'd like to have an easier way to view Pages , and several noted the lack of Facebook Chat features , which the iPhone app does have .
Also , a few folks complained that the app is slow and prone to frequent crashes .
As a personal aside , and with my heartfelt apologies to the developer team working on Facebook 's mobile offerings , I have never found that the usefulness of the Facebook for Android app outweighed the frustration of trying to use it , and I 've lately avoided using the app altogether .
So , returning to our original question : Will Mark Zuckerberg like the taste of his own dogfood ?
And if he does n't , will Android app users see fast - tracked changes and upgrades to the Facebook for Android application ?
That 's really not a question we can answer , unfortunately .
While we'd love to optimistically assume that Zuckerberg will find the current version of Facebook for Android as tedious and troublesome as some of its users clearly do , we can't assume that he 'll demand immediate fixes and all Facebook 's other development will be sidetracked accordingly .
But we are certain that Zuckerberg will continue to do what 's best for Facebook as a business , something he 's excelled at consistently .
We 've reached out to Facebook for comment , but in the event that our questions are n't answered , we 'll still be keeping an eye out for any releases to this particular application .
And hey , Mark , welcome to " the dark side , " and enjoy your new phone !
The ACTA :
An agreement between several countries and spear headed by big business to put a stop to all internet piracy by making it a federal crime to pirate anything .
as it currently stands piracy is a civil matter not a criminal matter and they have come up ways to get control of pirating including holding IP providers responsible for the content uploaded and download by customers so if we pirate the IP company gets busted for it , this forces IP companies to monitor every bit of data its customers send and receive
further more these select governments are attempting to legalize the random search , copying , and seizure of computers and other devices that hold digital data when a person brings them to an airport .
they want to take our laptops with out provocation or reason to copy search them and copy your entire hard drive in an attempt to find pirated material
below are some links with more info , the piratebay link contains more links which are perhaps the most informative
IRC :
irc.n0v4.com SSL on 6697 and 9999
#antiactaplanning
Web IRC :
http://n0v4.com/irc.web.php?channel=antiactaplanning
http://thepiratebay.org/torrent/5425059/ACTA_Agreement_leaked_
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anti-Counterfeiting_Trade_Agreement
http://www.eff.org/issues/acta
http://www.publicknowledge.org/issues
http://www.ustr.gov/acta
http://www.networkworld.com/news/2010/042110-anti-counterfeiting-trade-agreement-draft.html
http://www.oxfam.org/en/pressroom/pressrelease/2010-06-29/acta-could-endanger-lives-people-needing-a
ffordable - medicines
http://topnews.us/content/217326-anti-counterfeiting-trade-agreement-treaty-concludes
http://balkin.blogspot.com/2010/04/anti-counterfeiting-trade-agreement.html
http://www.theinquirer.net/inquirer/news/1600747/stop-anti-counterfeiting-trade-agreement
http://www.wired.com/threatlevel/2009/11/america-catering-to-hollywood/
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Fight-Against-The-Anti-Counterfeiting-Trade-Agreement/135513839811380
so /b/ , discuss .
what do you think and what do you think can / should be done ?
more info
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrRuuSlCCOc
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DhCs0vPmjVA
the following links appear to be leaked videos of govt official discussing ACTA
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gPwkgIIorvk&feature=related
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EhU-4At1tQo
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jQ3HtiSffRA
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I6sFnctv_T8
/b/ has a plan , we are organized .
join us in stopping this .
Plan :
1 ) bring " threat to internet privacy thanks to ACTA " to top of googles list
2 ) set up facebook page ( done )
3 ) distribute fliers in areas of high foot traffic ( see image )
4 ) write to congress , senate , obama , any and all govt officials
5 ) gain attention of mega media
6 ) stage rallies out side of white house similar places .
We are anonymous and we are fighting for our lives
http://www.pagereboot.com/?url=http://www.google.com/search?q=threat%20to%20internet%20privacy%20tha
nks %20to%20ACTA&refresh=4
use that link to help us bring our cause to the top of google most searched list
http://www2.parl.gc.ca/parlinfo/compilations/houseofcommons/memberbypostalcode.aspx?menu=hoc find your MP for canadafags
http://www.contactingthecongress.org/ find your congressman for amerifags
I have been stewing over the implications of TIME ’s decision to run the face of a mutilated Afghani woman on the cover of the magazine to raise awareness about women ’s rights in Afghanistan .
Many have applauded TIME ’s decision to do this calling it courageous and effective , all while recognizing this is also a cheap plea for magazine sales .
I am taking issue specifically with the use of the image on the cover , not the article itself which was not available online in its entirety ( but trust I will steal my dad ’s copy of TIME asap ) .
My inquiry is two fold : first , the assumption that military presence in Afghanistan has made women ’s rights better is a complicated one that should n’t be taken for granted and the second is , using the faces and bodies of women to make a generalization is objectifying .
It is rare that women ’s bodies have been used to understand their voices , especially when discussing the “ other . ”
Instead they are often used to create mystique and reify colonial fantasy .
Women ’s bodies have consistently been used to justify military aggression in Afghanistan .
Back in October of 2009 I quoted Just Advocacy , by Wendy Hesford and Wendy Kozol discussing the political impetus for the US using women ’s bodies to justify military aggression .
Both the events of 9/11 and the subsequest use of women ’s rights violations to sell the Bush administration ’s war on terrorism in the weeks following 9/11 ( Smith ) renewed interest in the anonymous Afghan girl depicted on the 1985 cover .
In her radio address to the nation on November 17 , 2001 , Laura Bush claimed that , “ the brutal oppression of the women is a central goals of the terrorists … .
Civilized people throughout the world are speaking out in horror–not only because our hearts break for the women and children of Afghanistan , but also because in Afghanistan , we see the world the terrorists would like to impose on the rest of us … I hope Americans will join our family in working to insure that dignity and opportunity will be secure for all the women and children of Afghanistan .
In the same post I talk about Michele Goldberg ’s stance that there is a feminist potential for military presence in Afghanistan .
I am not a war or military expert , but I am a transnational feminist and ardently believe that militarism in its essence is antithetical to feminism .
It is very difficult to have one with the other , since militarism is predicated on the belief that masculinity and violence are effective solutions and bring peace .
It is a fine line to walk between a theoretical belief system and solutions that work , but who sets the agenda is at the core of all social change and in this case , it should and must be Afghani women .
While that is almost impossible to imagine , our efforts should push us in that direction .
And what the women of Afghanistan themselves want is fractured , diverse and multifaceted .
Recognizing that , it is hard for me to really see TIME ’s motive to be raising awareness about the necessity to keep troops in Afghanistan .
The US military was in Afghanistan when this atrocity occurred , along with so many other atrocities against women .
And why a woman ’s body or a face ?
When we talk about “ women of the world , ” and the impact they experience with sexism and other forms of oppression , there is an explicit focus on what they look like , as opposed to what they are saying , what they are organizing around or what their demands might be .
Their oppression is always reduced to a physical harm done to them , out of context , our fixation being on what they look like or how barbaric the act itself was .
As though the worst harm to be done to a woman is alter her physical appearance .
This is in no way to minimize the brutal impact of patriarchy felt on the bodies of women in Afghanistan , but to put it in context with the other oppressions they face such as access to education , medicine , religious gatherings , marriage laws , child marriage , divorce laws , domestic violence and the list goes on .
Using one image to generalize an experience and therefore a solution does n’t end up being as effective as we want it to be .
If anything it furthers the idea that Afghani women are “ others , ” living in a prehistoric time where people do barbaric things to them .
Abuse of women , physical and psychological is a global fact .
I do n’t write this saying I have a solution since atrocities against Afghani women are deplorable and it has yet to be seen if we can support the women of Afghanistan the way we would want to or would be the most effective .
But I do take issue with the consistent practice in Western media to use women ’s bodies to prove a point , because it creates a fantasy about what our motives are , obscuring the politics that are at play .
This is a hard position to hold , because at the same time , I agree with Williams at Salon that pictures and video are a fundamental part of investigative journalism and are needed to uncover atrocities , to bring the awareness of the world and frankly , we are just moving to being more of a visual culture .
But there is a specific history of using women ’s bodies in the service of a “ feminist ” vision rooted in colonialism , fantasy and objectification and we would be remiss to ignore this detail .
It is not by highlighting how different we are that we will begin to understand and deal with the oppressive ways the Taliban is abusing women ’s rights .
It is through recognizing the similarity in our experiences and not looking at them as though they are in the “ wild ” , only to be on the cover of our magazines , never at the table negotiating their own destinies .
I ’ll be frank : the discussion of fiscal stimulus this past year and a half has filled me with despair over the state of the economics profession .
If you believe stimulus is a bad idea , fine ; but surely the least one could have expected is that opponents would listen , even a bit , to what proponents were saying .
In particular , the case for stimulus has always been highly conditional .
Fiscal stimulus is what you do only if two conditions are satisfied : high unemployment , so that the proximate risk is deflation , not inflation ; and monetary policy constrained by the zero lower bound .
That does n’t sound like a hard point to grasp .
Yet again and again , critics point to examples of increased government spending under conditions nothing like that , and claim that these examples somehow prove something .
Here ’s the latest , from Tyler Cowen :
Certainly , in Germany , the recent history of fiscal stimulus was n’t entirely positive .
After reunification in 1990 , the German government borrowed and spent huge amounts of money to finance reconstruction and to bring East German living standards up to West German levels .
Millions of new consumers were added to the economy .
These policies did unify the country politically but were not overwhelmingly successful economically .
An initial surge was followed by years of disappointing results for output and employment .
This passage makes me want to stick a pencil in my eye .
Let ’s consider the case :
1 . This was not an effort at fiscal stimulus ; it was a supply policy , not a demand policy .
The German government was n’t trying to pump up demand — it was trying to rebuild East German infrastructure to raise the region ’s productivity .
2 . The West German economy was not suffering from high unemployment — on the contrary , it was running hot , and the Bundesbank feared inflation .
3 . The zero lower bound was not a concern .
In fact , the Bundesbank was in the process of raising rates to head off inflation risks — the discount rate went from 4 percent in early 1989 to 8.75 percent in the summer of 1992 .
In part , this rate rise was a deliberate effort to choke off the additional demand created by spending on East Germany , to such an extent that the German mix of deficit spending and tight money is widely blamed for the European exchange rate crises of 1992 - 1993 .
In short , it ’s hard to think of a case less suited to tell us anything at all about fiscal stimulus under the conditions we now face .
And the fact that a prominent commentator on current events apparently does n’t know that , after a year and a half of debating this issue — well , as I said , I ’m feeling fairly despairing .
In that recent NME interview where M.I.A. cut - down Lady Gaga , she offered enthusiastic praise to her recent N.E.E.T. signees Sleigh Bells :
The new Sleigh Bells album epitomizes how kids are feeling in America –- so much energy , but nothing to do with it .
Everyone wants you to be an apathetic consumer over there , so it ’s cool to have some weird discomfort going on .
You get some of that energy in this punked / fuzzed / dubbed - out new track of hers , “ Born Free . ”
It sorta sounds like Julie Ruin covering the Slits .
Covering X - Ray Spex .
Or , you can just say you feel the Sleigh Bells influence .
Or you could mention she apparently wrote it with Suicide ’s Alan Vega ( or at least sampled him ) .
All make sense .
“ I do n’t wanna talk about money , ’ cause I got it . ”
No official word if this appears on her new still - untitled album due June 29 via N.E.E.T./ Interscope , but it ’s probably safe to at least assume that .
In August 2009 , when Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. announced the inquiry , he said the Justice Department would not prosecute anyone for following the legal guidance given by the department ’s Office of Legal Counsel , as a C.I.A. spokesman , George Little , pointed out .
Image Jay S. Bybee Credit ... Evan Vucci / Associated Press
Mr. Holder assigned the investigation to John H. Durham , a veteran federal prosecutor in Connecticut who since 2008 had been reviewing the destruction by the C.I.A. of interrogation videotapes to see if any laws were broken .
Mr. Durham has yet to produce any conclusions about either matter and his spokesman declined to comment on Thursday .
Judge Bybee ran the Office of Legal Counsel from late 2001 to 2003 — a time when it provided crucial advice about the treatment of detainees taken in the war against Al Qaeda and the Taliban .
Much of that advice was written by a deputy , John Yoo , but Judge Bybee signed off on it .
Their legal memorandums were still secret when President George W. Bush appointed Judge Bybee to the federal appeals court in San Francisco .
But in 2004 , after the Abu Ghraib torture scandal , several of the memorandums were leaked to the news media .
The memorandums sparked intense controversy , and Judge Bybee ’s successors in the Bush administration withdrew several of them .
They were also heavily criticized by legal scholars , and some critics have called for Mr. Yoo to be fired from the University of California , Berkeley , where he is a tenured law professor , and for Judge Bybee to be impeached .
A five - year investigation by the Justice Department ’s ethics office sharply criticized the memorandums and found , in a report disclosed this year , that the two men had committed “ professional misconduct . ”
But that finding was rejected by David Margolis , a career lawyer at the Justice Department who made a final ruling on the ethics review .
Mr. Margolis said the work of Judge Bybee and Mr. Yoo had “ significant flaws , ” but said that any assessment should consider the climate of fear and urgency after the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks .
Judge Bybee provided few new details about the construction of those memorandums in his testimony , and frequently said he could not recall conversations and meetings about them .
He did say that when he briefed Attorney General John Ashcroft about the memorandums , “ the attorney general said something to the effect that he was sorry that this was necessary . ”
" There is some content out there that is freely available from a wide range of sources and it is pretty unlikely that consumers will pay for that .
There is content that is distinctive and which already has a profitable subscription model and is likely to continue to do so , " he says .
" The question is in between that , what other types of content are sufficiently distinctive and valuable in order for people to pay for it ? "
Is it just me or does the thought of Jeff Bridges wearing an eyepatch just make sense ?
If you agree , then you are in luck because today the first images of the Academy - Award winner in the Coen Brothers ’ re-adaptation of True Grit have surfaced online .
“ The Dude , ” sporting both eyepatch and pocket watch , is playing the role of as Marshal “ Rooster ” Reuben J. Cogburn , a role originally played by John Wayne in the 1969 film .
Hit the jump to check out the images and for more info on True Grit as well as another film Bridges is reportedly no longer eyeing .
Images via Film Drunk .
In addition to starring Jeff Bridges and being helmed by the Coen Brothers ( a powerful team in their own right ) , True Grit also stars Matt Damon , Josh Brolin , and Barry Pepper .
New comer Hailee Steinfeld ( also seen above ) stars as the revenge - minded Mattie Ross who teams up with Cogburn to avenge the death of her father at the hands of Tom Chaney who is played by Brolin .
The film is scheduled to arrive under the tree on Christmas Day 2010 .
As for Bridges , a few weeks ago we brought you a story , which speculated that Bridges was in talks along with Meryl Streep to star in the Vanessa Taylor scribed drama Great Hope Springs .
Today , however , Deadline is reporting that he is no longer interested in joining the film .
Thus , it looks as if the “ dream team ” combo of Bridges and Streep will have to wait yet another day .
Of course , we will have more casting info for the marriage drama as it becomes available .
Updates November 30 , 2019 .
Having purchased two new BMWs myself , I have been in situations where I looked up several resources on how to track my new BMW from its early ordering stages , to production status , ship tracking and all the way to being loaded on the transport truck .
The process can be quite obsessive , but truth is that I had tremendous fun seeing the car going through all these stages .
Just to give you an example how obsessive this can be , I will just mention the fact that I have been tracking even the vessel that my car was loaded on .
Then every day , I would follow its course and even looked up weather reports on the sea to determine if there will be any delays .
Yes , I am that big of a BMW enthusiast !
Now what I have n’t done was to setup a complete obsessive exciting guide that will provide all the resources needed to track your newly ordered BMW .
But , another BMW fan and owner comes to my rescue and provides , by far , the most complete guide I have ever seen .
And believe me , I have seen quite a few on several BMW forums .
Jeff G. truly is an enthusiast and you will see that rom his BMW Ordering Guide below .
I can only imagine how much time it took to dig out all these resources and then even more , to put them all together for the BMW community .
So , sit back , take notes , bookmark the page , share it with others , print it out .
Whatever you need to do because this article will remain as one of the most important and useful articles ever posted by us .
I have no doubt that you will learn a lot from his experience .
BMW Model Ordered
2009 Silver , ( E92 ) BMW , Twin Turbo 335i X - drive , M Sport Coupe , in late April .
What it takes to start a guide like this
The car was scheduled to be delivered , and awaiting my pick up at the dealer by June 15th , 2009 .
I figured out , I would n’t be driving my 335i home from the dealer on that date .
The car had been sitting at the “ port of exit ” in Germany , awaiting shipping for close to 2 weeks .
I decided , after I discovered the delay , to find out where my car was , and when I would eventually get it .
Here ’s what I ’ve learned about how to do that .
How to track your new BMW through the production and shipping cycles in the modern age of information :
( NOTE : This only works for BMW and MINI Vehicles .
This write - up is primarily focused on East Coast delivery options )
The car I ordered :
Tracking your car is a process in and of itself .
You can sit back and relax , or you can drive yourself crazy with obsession .
Either way , it ’s a fun ride .
The Basics First
BMW now offers the option to call the BMW Genius 1.844.4GENIUS ( 443-6487 ) .
The BMW Genius team has access to the same information as your dealership and it ’s there to help you .
They can also guide you through some of the codes you might see thrown around , like Status Code 111 ( Order Accepted ) , or Status code 112 ( Scheduled for production ) and Status Code 150 ( your VIN ) .
You can also track your car using the My BMW site with your production order number and the general 1 - 800 BMW number , but that info seems to be slightly behind .
BMW Status Codes Guide
0 Order deleted by BMW NA
17 Order not Specified
37 Order is at BMW NA
87 Production Week Assigned
97 Order sent to AG
100 Order deleted by AG
101 Error in data transmitted
102 Special Order ( no Production Week )
105 Order out of Production Period
111 Order Accepted at AG
112 Order scheduled for Production ( You can still make some changes to your BMW order )
150 Production Started
151 Body Shop Started
152 Paint Shop Started
153 Assembly Started
155 Production Completed
160 Released to Distribution
168 AG Stock
170 Waiting Workshop
172 Planned for Workshop
174 Workshop Entry
176 Workshop Complete
180 Waiting for Export Dispatch
181 Waiting for Domestic Dispatch
182 Schedule for Carrier
190 In transit to port of exit
191 Returned to BMW AG
193 Arrived at Port of Exit
194 Selected for Shipment
195 Shipped from Port of Exit
196 Shipment Arrival at destination port
Timeline of Events
It ’s the Build Week that determines when your car goes into production .
That ’s the first thing you need to remember .
Also , if you go the BMW Individual route , that could add some delays to your BMW .
The timeline below focuses on Priority 1 cars for the U.S. market and it can vary for each car .
Build start ( 150 ) to build finish ( 155 ) : 1 - 2 weeks
Build finish ( 155 ) to Scheduled for Carrier ( 182 ) : 1 day
Status 182 to 190 ( Transport to Bremerhaven port ) : 1 - 3 days
Status 190 to 193 ( At port awaiting ) : 1 - 2 days .
Status 193 to 195 ( loaded on ship ) : 3 - 5 days for East Coast delivery , 5 - 12 days for West Coast delivery
Shipping time from Bremerhaven to East Coast : 12 - 17 days
Shipping time from Bremerhaven to West Coast : Around 30 days
Offload at port : 1 day
Processing through customs : 1 - 2 days
Process through BMW Vehicle Processing Center ( VPC ) : 2 - 5 days
Shipping by truck to delivery dealership : 1 - 4 days
Tracking my BMW 335i
1.0 Get your VIN
First : you ’ll need the vehicle “ VIN ” number from your dealer , or a vehicle production number .
As soon as the dealer officially orders the car through the BMW allocation system , they ’ll get the VIN number , and then you
can get the VIN number from the dealer - just ask them .
Here ’s my Vin : WBAWC73569E06XXXX
1.2
What my VIN means
WBA WC73 5 6 9 E06XXXX
WBA= BMW AG
WC73 = Model code of my 335i
5=Safety restraint identifier , indication of seat belts , duel advanced airbags , rear / side airbags , curtain airbags , ect .
6= check digit determined by vin
9= model year , “ 9 ” code indicates a 2009 manufacture date ( see the code in the chart below )
E= Plant code , “ Regensburg ” Germany ( A=Munich )
06XXXX= Sequential production number of my car .
1.3 – BMW VIN Example
2 . Use the MyBMW website
You can then get “ rough ” update on your cars progress from BMW of North America .
The production status is listed in the secure member ’s area of the BMW website .
You ’ll need the VIN number to sign up for the members area .
This information can be 48 hours ( or more ) behind the actual status of the car .
This is the status of my 335i as shown in the BMW USA Member ’s Area Website : “ Awaiting Transport . ”
And , another view of the status : “ Awaiting Transport in the timeline view ”
How to track the car status via phone with BMW of North America
( This information can , as well , be more than 48 hours behind the actual status )
Call : ( 1-800 ) 831-1117
Say “ Vehicle Production Status ” when prompted … or at any time after the recording starts
You will be asked for your production number , or last seven digits of your VIN
The last seven digits of your VIN .
In my case : E06XXXX , ( Read as , for example : E , Zero , 6 , ex , ex , ex , ex . )
, ( Read as , for example : E , Zero , 6 , ex , ex , ex , ex . ) Carefully enunciate the Es , Ts and Bs – the system is voice recognition based , and sometimes gets confused with Es
and Ts and Bs .
and Ts and Bs. Say “ Yes ” when the voice reads it back – if correct … if not correct say “ No , ” and repeat … ( you can get it wrong 3 times ,
and then the system kicks you to a live human , if you ’re calling during business hours … if not , BMW will give you their
operating hours for the office .
Hang up , and try again if they ’re closed . )
and then the system kicks you to a live human , if you ’re calling during business hours … if not , BMW will give you their operating hours for the office .
Hang up , and try again if they ’re closed . )
Say “ partial VIN number , ” if not a production number when asked .
The system will give you the status of you vehicle production within the last 24 hours
UPDATE – November 2019
Do you hate having to call the BMW Call Center for order status on your vehicle ?
Create the following contact on your iPhone , and save it as BMW Order Status .
18008311117,,2,,,1234567 , ,
1
NOTE : Make sure to change 1234567 to your production number when putting it in your contact
- Each comma ’s represent a 3 second pause
2 gives the option for vehicle order status
1234567 represents Production Order Number
1 lets them know it ’s a production order number , not a VIN
Now you can just call this contact , and it will give you the production status , without the need for you to fumble typing it in , or memorize any numbers .
3. The Shipping Process
Once the vehicle is listed as “ En Route , ” you can begin following the progress in detail by other means .
Once on a ship , BMW status on their website will no longer provide a detailed update , but you can still continue to track the vehicle .
3.1 – BMW ships with several cargo lines and carriers , depending on the destination .
• Wallenius &Wilhelmsen ( parent company for several ship lines listed below )
• EUKOR – a division of Wallenius Lines
• UECC – another division of Wallenius Lines
• A.P. Möller – yet another division and ship line owned or operated by Wallenius Lines
• Mark 1 Shipping – owned or operated by Wallenius Lines
• K-LINE ( Usually BMW
West Coast deliveries only , but sometimes ships to NY / NJ as NYK - Line ) K - Line is not a W&W company
• ARC – Often operated by , or under the direction of Wallenius Lines
4. Shipping from Bremerhaven
Most BMWs are shipped out of the port of Bremerhaven Germany , known by the faithful as “ Bimmer Heaven ” .
Port Location : Latitude : 53.5715° ( decimal ) , Longitude : 8.546° ( decimal )
Port : Bremerhaven Germany
5. Typical BMW Shipping Ports of Call
Here ’s the typical Europe to North America ports of call for the weekly car transport vessels run by Wallenius & Wilhelmsen .
The destination listed on your ships itinerary will likely be the next port , and not your cars final destination .
East Coast Delivery :
Bremerhaven ( port of exit )
Zeebrugge
Southampton
Halifax
New York ( actually New Jersey )
Baltimore
Charleston
Brunswick
Galveston
6. Which Ship Is My BMW On
The easiest way is to ask your dealer or BMW Genius .
They will have a detailed day by day track of his allocation shipments .
Just call , and they ’ll give you the ships name .
In advance of that , you can get a good idea of your ship ’s name by backing up the schedule you were given when you ordered the car , and finding the ships who ’s schedule aligns with the approximate final port of entry arrival date .
BMW uses various shipping companies :
http://www2.nykline.com/vesselschedu…nableCheck.nyk
http://www.nykroro.com/customer/schedules.html
http://www.2wglobal.com/webapps?url=…ppSchedules%2F
http://www.arcshipping.com/schedule/
http://www.kline.com/
Then click on schedules > RORO
http://www.molroro.com/MOLVesselSchedule.aspx
6.1
The typical BMW transport schedule
Car to be picked up by you at the dealer on “ X ” date , for example : June 25th
Subtract 1 - 2 days at the dealer to detail the car , and install any remaining dealer options : June 24
Subtract 2 - 3 days in transit from the port to the dealer , so : June 22 , 23 , in transit via truck to the dealer from the VPC ( Vehicle Preparation Center . )
Your transport time will vary based on your distance from ports of arrival .
Ground shipping on the East Coast is commonly carried out by : “ Bavarian Motor Transport , ” in Enclosed Freight Liners
Subtract another 3 days , the car will typically spend June 19 , 20 , 21 at the VPC , at the port of entry
Now look for ships who ’s itineraries list your port of arrival on , or close to that date , in this example , the Port of NY / NJ arriving sometime around June 18th .
6.2 Ship Schedules and Tracking by VIN
The shipping schedules are posted at the Wallenius Wilhelmsen website , and changes , but look for the Westbound schedule chart .
Your VIN will show up in their search page about 2 days after your car has left the port .
Simply go here and enter your VIN into the Cargo ID field .
Status will be displayed once Wallenius has taken taken possession of the car and selected it for shipment .
So , if you end up on a ship that is not with Wallenius Wilhelmsen , it wo n’t ever show up on the WW tracking page .
NOTE : My car never was displayed on this tracking site although Wallenius Wilhelmsen is listed as the logistics carrier , and agent for my ship , operated by ARC .
7 . How to read the ship manifest
This is the ship my 335i was actually on :
SHIP NAME : INTEGRITY
PORT OF DEPARTURE : BREMERHAVEN
DEPARTURE DATE : 06/06/2009
PORT OF DESTINATION : NEW JERSEY / NEW YORK , NY
ARRIVAL DATE AT NEW JERSEY / NEW YORK , NY : 13/06/2009
( RESCHEDULED : 18/06/2009 while in the port of Bremerhaven , RESCHEDULED : at 11:25 am EST June 14th by Port of New Jersey to 6/19/2009 , arriving at 12:00 )
PREVIOUS SHIP NAME : AKA – M/V OTELLO ( Re-named Integrity in 2005 as part of the U.S. Maritime Security Program . )
AVERAGE SPEED : 13.8 Knots
DAYS IN TRANSIT : 12
VOYAGE NUMBER : EB914
IMO NUMBER : 8919934 ( International Maritime Organization ship identification number )
MMSI NUMBER : 367063310 ( Maritime Mobile Service Identities – This number reflects a U.S Flagged ship . )
CALLSIGN : WDC6925
CAPACITY : 5,870 cars
LENGTH : 190 m
BEAM : 32 m
FLAG : USA .
The ship is in service for ARC , ( American Roll - on Roll - off Carrier ) flagged as American in 2005
YEAR BUILT : 1992
SCHEDULED PORTS OF CALL :
BREMERHAVEN – 06 - Jun ( Germany )
ANTWERP – 08 - Jun ( Belgium )
ZEEBRUGGE – 09 - Jun ( Belgium )
SOUTHAMPTON – 10 - Jun ( UK )
NEW YORK , NY – 19 - Jun ( USA , Although shown as NY , the BMW VPC is actually in the port of New Jersey )
CONTINUING ON TO : BALTIMORE , MD , CHARLESTON ,SC , BRUNSWICK , GA
CA0001
ITINERARIES HISTORY : Baltimore , and Southampton
WALLENIUSLINES FLEET
PORT OF NEW YORK – NEW JERSEY ARRIVAL DATA :
Terminal : Public Berth – NJ
Berth # : 1419 – INTEGRITY
Cargo : Autos
Estimated Arrival : 6/19/2009 12:00
Estimated Departure : 6/19/2009 20:00
Agent Name : Wallenius Wilhelmsen
Agent Telephone : 973-985-8456
Information Updated As Of : 6/9/2009 , 11:25
8 . Ship tracking live – status of ship locations and speeds , with ship pictures
8.1 – Once you know what ship your car is on , you can follow the ships progress
http://www.marinetraffic.com/ais/
– Search by Vessel Name , Port , or Ocean Area .
Click on the port from the list : BREMERHAVEN http://www.marinetraffic.com/ais/dat…ENT&level0=300
Another site for Information on your ship ( tracking requires Sign In ) :
http://www.digital-seas.com/vessel_s…l_archive.html
Another way of tracking the ship : by name and call sign
http://www.sailwx.info/shiptrack/
For Sailwx , enter the port latitude , and longitude of Bremerhaven , the port BMW usually ships their cars out of .
Latitude : 53.5715° ( decimal )
Longitude : 8.546° ( decimal )
Port : Bremerhaven
Location : Bremerhaven , Germany
NOTE : sailwx data usually appears out of date by several days , if not months .
As opposed to marinetraffic , which is updated about every two minutes .
The sailwx site however , is the only service that will follow your ship through the open ocean of the Atlantic .
• Ship tracking around the UK seas only , and lots of picture of the ships :
The “ Marine Traffic ” website often loses the ship when off the coast of England .
The ship is shown as “ out of range . ”
There is a blind spot for their tracking in this specific area , but you can follow it in this area of transit via this site when the Marine
Traffic site goes blind :
http://www.shipais.com/
This site can at times fall behind timely tracking – “ Integrity ” showed a “ last signal ” that was 48 hours old .
An excellent and accurate site for ship tracking around the UK :
http://www.ais-live.co.uk/AIS%20Live/aissolent.html
Port : Bremerhaven Ships Currently in Harbor , live feed of information refreshed every 90 seconds :
http://www.marinetraffic.com/ais/def…0&type_color=7
Ships in port BREMERHAVEN now , and the expected departures and arrivals within the next and last 24 hours :
Select from the list :
BREMERHAVEN , DE for port map , or in port , or departures , or arrivals or ships expected in the next 24 hours :
http://www.marinetraffic.com/ais/dat…ENT&level0=300
9 . Live webcam
See the live webcam for Automobilexport ” in Brevenhaven , “ Osthafen / Whendebecken ” harbor loading area ,
South of “ AmNordhafen ” Access road :
http://www.blg.de/en/blg-logistics/s…am-automobile/
http://www.bremerhaven.de/sixcms/detail.php?id=13609
9.1 – Live from Breverhaven Germany , April 6th , 2009
If you look to the North of the The “ Osthafen / Whendebecken ” harbor loading area on the aerial map , you ’ll see a bridge that runs over the railroad automotive arrival tracks .
When you look at the webcam view ( below 2 photos ) , you ’ll see the bridge , looking back towards the loading area to the South .
This is updated about every 2 minutes .
If you have two windows open on your browser , both the webcam , and the Marine Traffic site will align telling you what ship you ’re seeing in the webcam by virtue of the aerial view of the port on the MarineTraffic.com site .
Examples from 9 , and 9.1 above – Faust and Maersk Wave
( From : http://www.marinetraffic.com/ais/)
This was a live webcam shot of the two car transporters in port at Bremerhavern that aligned with the above tracking , the Maersk Wave at left below , and the Faust , marked on the side of the ship as Wallenius Wilhelmsen , below right .
From : http://www.blg.de/en/blg-logistics/s…am-automobile/
Tracking my ship , the Integrity
Many BMWs are loaded onto car carrier ships in the “ Automobilexport ” port sections in Breverhaven .
Look for the
“ Osthafen / Whendebecken ” harbor loading area , it is a common staging area for BMW ’s awaiting export , South of “ AmNordhafen ” perimeter road .
Integrity ’s movements , June 1st through June 6th :
MarineTraffic , shows Integrity as in port at Bremerhaven Germany , West of auto export “ Whendebecken ” harbor loading area as of June 1 , 2009 .
In port , moored in the “ Osthafen / Whendebecken ” harbor loading area of Bremerhaven , June 4th , 10:00 am EST
Shown as moved in port at 7:20 pm EST June 4th to a new loading area to the South , now in “ Kaiserhafen ll ” harbor , Bremerhaven .
Moved out of port as of June 5th .
Shown docked again back in “ Kaiserhafen ll ” area at Bremerhaven Germany , June 6th , 7:32 am
June 4th – The Integrity docked to the South of the MV Faust at Bremerhaven
June 6th , 7:32 am – Below is the “ Kaiserhafen ll ” port area at Breverhaven , South of the more common “ Osthafen / Whendebecken car loading area shown above .
This picture shows the movement ( shown as a green line ) of car transporter “ Integrity ” from the Whendebecken location in port to Kaiserhafen ll .
From : http://www.marinetraffic.com/ais/
• Other live webcams , 6 views of the port at Bremerhaven :
http://www.bean-bremerhaven.de/bean0…ams/start.html
• More webcams :
http://www.seestadt.net/texte_webcam.html
• Collection of webcam port views at Bremerhaven :
http://www.bremerhaven.de/sixcms/detail.php?id=13609
• Webcam views of Southampton Port GB :
http://www.cowesharbourweather.com/webcam.aspx
http://www.bbc.co.uk/hampshire/conte…s_webcam.shtml
• Panning views of Southampton : http://www.cowesharbourweather.com/webcam.aspx
VIDEO : Here ’s a video tour of the inside of a typical W&W car transporter , shot with an in car camera :
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zuq8C…eature=related
10 .
The day by day shipping journey of the Integrity , and my 2009 , BMW 335 i M Coupe :
The Integrity , ( AKA : M/V OTELLO ) in service for ARC ( American Roll - on Roll - off Carrier ) Bremerhaven Germany
June 6th , 2009 , departs Bremerhaven Germany for Antwerp Belgium , the first port of stop of four on it ’s way to
the port of New York / New Jersey .
June 9th , 2009 , 10:09 pm UTC , the Integrity is photographed by “ RW68 ” who lists his location as the port of Bremerhaven , 6/9/09
June 9th , approximately 2:45 pm UTC , a photographer named Stan Muller takes three pictures of the Integrity while underway leaving
the port of Antwerp on June 9th , 2009 .
My 335i is on this very ship , in the port of Antwerp on June 9th .
From : http://www.shipspotting.com/modules/…php?lid=921750
June 9th , 5:33 am EST , shortly after Stans picture above , the Integrity is tracked leaving the port of Antwerpen and the “ Vrasenedok ” transport dock near Brussels – destination ; Zeebrugge Belgium .
The ship photos in the pop -up window on MarineTraffic show the Integrity as green , not blue – the ship was repainted blue in 2008 .
From : http://www.marinetraffic.com/ais/
June 9th , 1:05 pm EST , ( about 5 hours after leaving the port of Antwerp , ) the Integrity is now moored in the port of Zeebrugge Belgium , “ Verbindingsdok ” port loading area .
Zeebrugge port records indicate that the Integrity arrived in port 4:00 pm UTC
From : http://www.marinetraffic.com/ais/
June 10th , 2009 , Integrity underway at 12.3 kn , now entering the port of Southampton , “ GB SAU , ” arriving from the port of Zeebrugge Belgium .
From : http://www.ais-live.co.uk/AIS%20Live/aissolent.html
Watching the Integrity enter the port of Southampton – Live .
Live Webcam Sequence Capture : June10th – 11:47 UTC ( 45 minutes after the above mapped position )
Integrity , as it passes in transit between Fawley and Cowes in the UK , entering the port mouth of Southampton :
From : http://www.cowesharbourweather.com/webcam.aspx
June 10th – Integrity Moored in the port of Southampton
June 11th , 6:56 am EST , Having left the port of Southampton , the Integrity is underway off the coast of England , South of
Porthleven / Penzance , near the “ isles of Scilly ” traveling at 17.3 kn , – ETA New York is listed as ; 9:00 UTC , June 19th .
From : http://www.marinetraffic.com/ais/
June 12th , 9:00 am EST , Integrity is tracked via its call - sign , WDC6925 , in the Atlantic .
Last known position mapped below is 13 hours and 4 minutes out of date as of this track , located at position N 47°54′ , W 010°48 ′ .
From : http://www.sailwx.info/shiptrack/
June 13th , 7:53 am EST , Last known position reported June 12th 6:00 pm UTC , at N 45°30′ , W 016°54 ′ .
Bearing towards the Azores .
From : http://www.sailwx.info/shiptrack/
June 15 , 5:30 am EST , Position N 41°42′ , W 037°54 ′ .
The integrity has been averaging about 350 miles per day .
Estimated speed at between 14 and 17.5 kn , – or about 15 to 19 miles per hour .
From : http://www.sailwx.info/shiptrack/
June 16 , 6:30 am EST – Last position tracked at 1:30 am EST June 16 , N 41°18′ , W 046°30 ′ .
There were two position updates in the last 23 hours .
June 18th , 6:50 am EST
June 19th , 7:00 am EST – Integrity enters the Port of New York New Jersey , shown moored at NEAT , ( North East Auto Terminal ) port records list arrival time as 6:11 am .
The Integrity is moored in Berth # : 1419 .
NY / NJ AIS Port Traffic :
http://www.marinetraffic.com/ais/def…entery=40.6759
Final Destination , VPC New Jersey Port , shown below is the Northern NEAT ( North East Auto Terminal ) dock .
BMW VPC , SouthWest Docks ,
( From : http://www.panynj.gov/DoingBusinessW…to_marine.html)
VPC New York / New Jersey :
http://maps.google.com/maps?f=q&hl=e…02612&t=h&z=19
U.S. Customs
Once your ship arrives with your car , the cars are driven to a large parking lot for staging and processing through customs .
If you have a car shipped via WWL you will be able to see status update on the tracking site using your VIN to see when your car clears customs .
BMW VPC / VDC ( Vehicle Distribution Center )
After clearing customs , the BMW will be at a staging parking lot / area .
At this point as far as BMW knows , the car still is “ shipping ” and you wo n’t get any update until after your car gets to the VPC .
The car will spend up to 2 - 4 days being prepped for the North American market , and being repaired to factory specifications should damage have occurred in transit , in my case , none did .
Priority 1 cars are bumped to the front of the line and processed first .
If you did European Delivery , this process can take longer .
Ground shipping and truck tracking
East Coast Deliveries are made by Bavarian Motor Transport , in Enclosed Freightliners .
This is a BMT truck and they are known to use several carriers .
One of the most common right now is United Road .
You can search for your VIN here if you want .
http://www.unitedroad.com/search-by-vin.php
BMW
Genius will be able to tell you what carrier you are on and the estimated date of arrival .
Home at last
The BMW 335i ( back left hand bay ) moments after arriving home from the dealer .
That ’s the entire journey .
Special thanks to GarageJournal for being the first to host this ordering guide and of course , many thanks to Jeff for allowing us to post his “ state - of - art ” BMW ordering guide .
The audio files of the full talk by Richard Stallman are attached to the end of this post .
— — — ——
–
Videos of all the invited talks of the useR !
2010 conference can be viewed on the R User Group blog
— — — ——
–
Last week I had the honor of attending the talk given by Richard Stallman , the last keynote speaker on the useR 2010 conference .
In this post I will give a brief context for the talk , and then give the audio files of the talk , with some description of what was said in the talk .
Context for the talk
Richard Stallman can be viewed as ( one of ) the fathers of free software ( free as in speech , not as in beer ) .
He is the man who led the GNU project for the creation of a free ( as in speech , not as in beer ) operation systems on the basis of which GNU - Linux , with its numerous distributions , was created .
Richard also developed a number of pieces of widely used software , including the original Emacs , [ 4 ] the GNU Compiler Collection , [ 5 ] , the GNU Debugger [ 6 ] , and many tools in the GNU Coreutils
Richard also initiated the free software movement and in October 1985 he also founded it ’s formal foundation and co-founded the League for Programming Freedom in 1989 .
Stallman pioneered the concept of “ copyleft ” and he is the main author of several copyleft licenses including the GNU General Public License , the most widely used free software license .
You can read about him in the wiki article titles “ Richard Stallman ”
The useR 2010 conference is an annual 4 days conference of the community of people using R. R is a free open source software for data analysis and statistical computing ( Here is a bit more about what is R ) .
The conference this year was truly a wonderful experience for me .
I had the pleasure of giving two talks ( about which I will blog later this month ) , listened to numerous talks on the use of R , and had a chance to meet many ( many ) kind and interesting people .
Richard Stallmans talk
The talk took place on July 23rd 2010 at NIST U.S. and was the concluding talk for the useR2010 conference .
The talk consisted of a two hour lecture followed by a half - hour question and answer session .
On a personal note , I was very impressed by Richards talk .
Richard is not a shy computer geek , but rather a serious leader and thinker trying to stir people to action .
His speech was a sermon on free software , the history of GNU - Linux , the various versions of GPL , and his own history involving them .
I believe this talk would be of interest to anyone who cares about social solidarity , free software , programming and the hope of a better world for all of us .
I am eager for your thoughts in the comments ( but please keep a kind tone ) .
Here is Richard Stallmans ( 2 hours ) talk :
Audio file to download – Richard Stallman talk at the useR !
2010 conference ( ~2 hours )
The second part of the talk consisted of Richard Stallman answering the following questions :
What are your thoughts about Data portability ?
What are your thoughts about FaceBook ?
?
Is n’t it a problem that free software does n’t create wealth ?
?
What are your thoughts about innovation ?
?
What are your thoughts about Software as service ( a.k.a : cloud computing ) ?
) ?
How can we defend your open sourced software from “ hackers “ ?
“ ?
What are your thoughts about google s products and services ?
s products and services ?
What are your thoughts about the legality / ethically of people changing from GPL to closed - sourced ?
?
How can a programmer be “ compensated ” for his contribution for a free “ open source ” software ?
” for his contribution for a free “ open source ” software ?
What are your thoughts about “ free games “ ?
“ ?
What are your thoughts about search results ?
results ?
What are your thoughts about Taxes and government responsibility for the use of free software ?
Audio file to download – Richard Stallman talk at the useR !
2010 conference – Q&A session ( ~25 minutes )
Final note , more talks from the useR2010 conference are expected to be put online here , thanks to Drew Conway .
Imagine an infantile version of our 4.6 billion - year - old sun .
Now picture a " failed star , " a brown dwarf , about the size of Jupiter , tightly orbiting that 12 million year old stellar baby -- at the distance Uranus orbits our sun .
Astronomers have just found such a duo : a star about the mass of our sun with an unusually close brown dwarf companion .
Of the similarly situated brown dwarfs that astronomers have imaged , most keep their distance , orbiting at about 50 AU ( or 50 times the average distance from the Earth to the sun ) .
A team of astronomers believe the distance between this young sun , called PZ Tel A , and its dwarf companion , PZ Tel B , is less than half that , a mere 18 AU .
A paper to appear in Astrophysical Journal Letters details the find , which was made using images from the Near - Infrared Coronagraphic Imager , on the Gemini - South telescope in Chile .
The researchers predicted the orbit by using two observations , one in April of 2009 and another in May of 2010 and then calculated the brown dwarf 's motion using a computer model .
Because PZ
Tel A is young and sun-like , researchers say , that it might present a good history lesson on our own solar system .
In fact , PZ Tel is young enough to still possess significant amounts of cold circumstellar dust , which may have been sculpted by the gravitational interaction with the young brown dwarf companion .
This is the material that can form planets so the PZ Tel system is an important laboratory for studying the early stages of planetary system formation .
[ Gemini Observatory ]
Astronomers say that the brown dwarf is about Jupiter 's size , but is around 36 times its mass .
Though they have imaged PZ Tel A before , they could n't pick out its dim companion because of its proximity .
An older image , taken seven years ago and reanalyzed by Laird Close , a professor at UA 's Steward Observatory and the department of astronomy , showed PZ Tel B was obscured by the glare from its parent star as recently as 2003 , indicating its orbit is more elliptical than circular .
" Because PZ
Tel A is a rare star being both close and very young , it had been imaged several times in the past , " said Close .
" So we were quite surprised to see a new companion around what was thought to be a single star . " [ University of Arizona ]
The Near - Infrared Coronagraphic Imager gave them more power than previously possible , as its a high - contrast instrument designed for finding dim bodies circling bring stars , like exoplanets or brown dwarfs , and can pick out a companion up to one million times fainter than the host star .
The research team was able to take pictures so close to the star by using an adaptive optics system and coronagraph [ a device to block out light from the brighter star ] to block our excess starlight .
They then applied specialized analysis techniques to the images to detect PZ Tel B and measure its orbital motion .
. .
" We are just beginning to glean the many configurations of solar systems around stars like the sun , " said Michael Liu , NICI campaign leader .
" The unique capabilities of NICI provide us with a powerful tool for studying their constituents using direct imaging . " [ Space.com ]
An international team is now using the telescope to complete a 300 - star survey , the largest such survey to date , so hopefully more brown dwarfs will come out of hiding soon .
Related content : 80 beats : A Hidden Cosmic Neighbor : Cool Brown Dwarf Found Lurking Near Our Solar System DISCOVER : Hi Ho , Hi Ho — Brown dwarfs are the missing links between stars and planets DISCOVER : Works in Progress — When it ’s a planet that ’s not a planet Bad Astronomy : Brown Dwarf T Party Bad Astronomy : The Upper Limit to a PlanetImages : Jon Lomberg , provided by Gemini Observatory , and Beth Biller and the Gemini NICI Planet - Finding Campaign
Display the best reviews or feedback from users in the testimonial section .
With a good heading and scrolling feature , you can show maximum five testimonials on the homepage .
Apart from this , Harrington is RTL compatible which means you can display the content of your website from right to left and completely responsive .
Lionel Messi
Investigators have found concrete evidence on computers used by Pfc. Bradley Manning that link him with the leak of classified Afghanistan war reports , a U.S. defense official said .
The disclosure came as Defense Secretary Robert Gates pledged Thursday to " aggressively investigate the leak " and find ways to prevent further breaches , and told reporters that he had invited the Federal Bureau of Investigation to assist the probe .
Defense ...
Crossposted from New Deal 2.0
By Marshall Auerback , Senior Fellow at the Roosevelt Institute , and a market analyst and commentator .
FinReg may fall short if power is channeled into Geithner ’s hands .
More depressing news from the “ change ” President .
The Washington Post has reported that one of the major impacts of the FinReg bill passed last week by Congress is the accretion of new power to Obama ’s Treasury Secretary .
According to the Post , Tim Geithner stands to inherit vast power to shape bank regulations , oversee financial markets and create a consumer protection agency .
Make no mistake : this is Timmy ’s bill , plain and simple , as the Post makes clear : “ The bill not only hews closely to the initial draft he released last summer but also anoints him — as long as he remains Treasury secretary — as the chief of a new council of senior regulators . ”
The Geithner Treasury repeatedly pushed back against many sensible legislative proposals that would have made significant structural changes to practices that brought about the current economic crisis .
And the article itself represents latest in a series of attempts to embellish the Treasury Secretary ’s hagiography .
Reading it , one wonders whether the Washington Post inhabits a strange parallel universe .
Have the writers actually paid attention to what is truly happening in the economy ?
The WaPo persists in towing the party line that Geithner ’s tenure has been marked with conspicuous success , supposedly by advocating a response to the financial crisis that allegedly later proved correct : “ Geithner vigorously resisted calls by some lawmakers and financial experts to nationalize the nation ’s largest and most troubled banks during the most perilous days .
Instead , he helped get the financial system back on its feet , in particular by pressing for stress tests of big banks . ” ( my emphasis )
Oh , really ?
I would argue that Washington continues to allow the big banks to operate “ business as usual ” and to cook the books to show profits so that they can pay out big bonuses to the geniuses who created the toxic waste that brought on the crisis .
Most continue to show profits based not on fundamentally health lending activity , but one - off gains , and accounting gimmickry .
Commenting on the latest JP Morgan results , my friend and colleague Randy Wray has noted :
JP Morgan ’s results were horrendous : it lost deposits , it made fewer loans , and even its fees fell by 68 % .
So how could a bank manage to profit on such dismal results ?
Well in the old days it was called window dressing - banks would move one little chunk of gold among themselves to show that they were credit worthy .
In Morgan ’s case , the profits supposedly came from ‘ trading ” ‘
In reality they mostly came from reducing ‘ loan loss reserves ’ .
In other words , Morgan decided it had set aside too many reserves against all the bad loans it made over the past decade .
After all , borrowers will almost certainly start to make payments on all their debt over the next few months and years , wo n’t they ?
Sure , homeowners are massively underwater , and losing their jobs , and cutting back spending , but recovery is just around the corner .
Sure it is .
Other than the Big 5 , it ’s hard to make a case that we have a vigorous and healthy banking sector today .
The Big 5 continues to benefit from a massive financial subsidy courtesy of the Fed and an unfair playing field in which they are perceived to be “ too big to fail . ”
This , in turn , creates huge competitive disadvantages for the smaller banks seeking to attract deposits .
Small banks , in particular , are being crushed by a substantially higher cost of funding than the big banks .
Currently the true marginal cost of funds for small banks is probably at least 2 % over the fed funds rate that large ‘ too big to fail ’ banks are paying for their funding .
And remember , the small banks for the most part were not the institutions at the forefront of great financial innovations such as credit default swaps and collateralised loan obligations .
The Post , like virtually every other mainstream publication , continues to perpetuate the fiction that the stress tests performed on the banks were real .
But as Yves Smith has noted repeatedly : “ Just look at the numbers .
200 examiners for 19 banks ?
When Citi nearly went under in the early 1990s , it took 160 examiners to go over its US commercial real estate portfolio ( and even then then the bodies were deployed against dodgy deals in Texas and the Southwest ) .
This is a garbage in , garbage out exercise .
The banks used their own risk models to make the assessment , for instance , the very same risk models that caused this mess .
And there was no examination of the underlying loan files . ”
Given his hapless performance at Treasury , one can begin to understand why Timmy was so loath to have government take over the banks via an FDIC style restructuring .
It ’s a projection of his own incompetence and timidity .
Rather than ask what needed to be done to be sure of a solution , Geithner asked instead , what was the best Treasury could do given three arbitrary , self - imposed constraints : no nationalisation ; no losses for bondholders ; and no more money from Congress ?
Why did a new administration , confronting a huge crisis , not try to change the terms of debate ?
Contrast the behavior of the Geithner today with the actions undertaken by the Roosevelt Administration .
During the period in which the banking system was being restructured under Jesse Jones , Chairman of the Reconstruction Finance Corporation , the RFC required letters of resignation from the top three bankers of any institution receiving aid .
These were not always accepted , but their mere existence was a potent deterrent to repeat behavior .
How many managers have been replaced during the current crisis ?
How many are being charged for fraudulent behavior ?
Elizabeth Warren has at least made attempts at some sort of public accounting .
As a result , her future job security is being compromised , despite the fact that Warren is the obvious choice to take over the newly formed Consumer Protection Agency .
By contrast , the Geithner Treasury has persistently frustrated every attempt to gain better understanding of the causes of the financial crisis via endless court challenges , obfuscation , lies and delaying tactics .
Additionally , Treasury has consistently opposed any serious attempts to engender structural changes in the banking system as the Financial Regulation bill worked its way through Congress .
Because Elizabeth Warren has refused to play ball with this insidious bankers ’ club , she ’s deemed not to be a “ team player ” by Geithner .
They extol his calls for great capital , but do n’t seem to have noticed the blatant failure of the Geithner strategy to “ just raise capital requirements ” as the way to deal with distorted incentives and the tendency of banks to take irresponsible risks has been comprehensively blown off by the financial sector .
Treasury insisted on “ capital first and foremost ” throughout the Senate debate this year – combined with their argument that these requirements must be set by regulators through international negotiation , i.e. , not by legislation .
But the big banks are chipping away at this entire philosophy daily through their effective lobbying within the opaque Basel process – as one would expect .
Take a look at the article below from the Wall Street Journal :
Banks Gain in Rules Debate
Regulators Seen Diluting Strictest New ‘ Basel ’ Curbs ; Fear of a Credit Crunch
By DAMIAN PALETTA and DAVID ENRICH
The world ’s banks appear to be winning a reprieve from tough new capital requirements and curbs on risk - taking , as regulators and central bankers are moving toward less stringent rules than initially proposed .
Bowing in part to fears that tougher requirements would diminish the credit needed to revive a sluggish global economy , officials gathered in Basel , Switzerland , are trying to strike a compromise over a set of new international banking standards initially proposed in December .
The final accord will have a more global reach , and thus in some respects a more potent impact , on banks and borrowers than the financial regulatory bill likely to pass the U.S. Congress Thursday .
The new Basel rules , as they are called , would still be stiffer than existing standards .
Industry officials fear the changes could shrink bank profit margins and make credit tighter and more costly for consumers and businesses .
Alterations under discussion this week would ease key requirements that have been under discussion for months .
Advocates for a tougher line have argued that excessive concessions could leave the financial system vulnerable to problems the entire process is intended to address .
Check out the rest of the article here .
DETROIT – Far too many people living in my home state of Michigan are suffering unnecessarily .
Over the last 10 years , one million residents have lost their jobs , 250,000 in Detroit .
Among them are autoworkers , steelworkers , teachers , and public workers who performed needed services at the city , county and state level .
These are people who worked hard , arrived at work on time , took pride in what they did , but still they lost their jobs .
They lost those jobs because companies found it more profitable to move work out of the state and because Wall Street stole the money that should have gone to funding state and local budgets .
There is only one reason for this kind of suffering and theft :
The profits of the corporations and financial institutions have been put before the interests of the people .
The problem is n’t a lack of money .
We are a wealthy country ; we have enough money .
The problem is too much of the money is in too few hands .
We are not going to turn this problem around overnight or by ourselves but the possibilities to turn the tables are growing as evidenced by recent events here .
Two significant things happened in this city over the last several weeks .
One was the national convention of the United Auto Workers union , June 13 - 17 .
With the election of Bob King as its new president , this union is re-entering , in a major way , the fight for justice and equality .
During the UAW convention , delegates marched to Detroit ’s financial center .
The march was led by Bob King , NAACP President Ben Jealous ( who had spoken earlier during the convention ) and International Brotherhood of Teamsters President James Hoffa .
Different chants could be heard but one stood out : the call of “ justice ” was met by the response of “ power . ”
Having listened to much of the discussion and speeches during the convention it was clear to me what kind of power they were talking about : labor and its allies have the power to take this country back from Wall Street , the right wing and the Tea Party .
It was the most militant march I have ever participated in .
The second event in this city that showed the potential to turn this country around was the U.S. Social Forum , June 22 - 26 .
It was a great collection of grassroots activists involved in the movement for social , economic and environmental justice .
The forum ’s motto “ Another World is Possible ; Another U.S. is Necessary ” emphasizes the potential and the necessity to work to save the planet and its people .
A large labor presence was seen at the forum and unions and their members played leading roles in several of the demonstrations for jobs , for the rights of farm workers and against the economic crisis created by the banks .
One UAW leader remarked to me he ’d been on more union - sponsored demonstrations in the last week than in the previous 10 years .
These two events , the Social Forum and the UAW convention , show a dramatic reawakening of a people ’s movement .
It ’s a movement that wants to chart a world where people can live in peace and security , where the corporations and Wall Street are not allowed to enrich themselves at our expense .
It ’s a great time to be part of the movement !
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
want
nonviolent resistance
legitimacy
Given the way Israel behaves now , it ’s pretty sad to remember that it was envisioned as a country where the Jews ran their own national affairs – but nobody else ’s .
Now it ’s not enough for Israel to have its own coast , its own territorial waters , its own airspace – no , we ’ve got to control Gaza ’s coast , Gaza ’s territorial waters , Gaza ’s airspace , too .
The Gaza Strip is part of our sphere of influence .
Let any Turkish ship , Libyan ship or any other ship we do n’t like try to sail into Gaza , and they ’ll get a taste of gunboat diplomacy , Israeli - style .
Let anyone try to fly a plane in or out of Gaza and they ’ll be at the mercy of the Israel Air Force .
Is this what any decent , fair - minded , peace - loving Zionist ever had in mind ?
We ’ve gone from being a Jewish state to being a Jewish mini-empire .
A Jewish hegemon .
We fly spy planes over Lebanon on a daily basis .
We blew up the beginnings of a nuclear reactor in Syria .
We run the lives of two million Palestinians in the West Bank and take their land piece by piece .
Why ?
Because might makes right .
If anybody tried to blockade our coast and our airspace , if anybody flew spy planes over us , if anybody blew up one of our nuclear installations , if anybody ruled our lives at gunpoint and built foreign settlements on our land , we ’d kill whoever we had to kill to stop it .
But the Arabs are weak and we ’re strong , so we get away with it .
And we wonder why we ’re not so popular in the world ?
The Arabsto destroy us , we say , that ’s why we have to blockade this and bomb that and put up a new row of houses over there .
BUT WHAT we do n’t see , what we are absolutely unwilling to see , is that while the Arabs may want to destroy us , or certainly to dismantle the Jewish state , they ca n’t do it – and they know they can ’t .
They ’ve known it since the end of the Six Day War .
That ’s why they ’ve stopped fighting us , all but the Palestinians , who , coincidentally , are the only Muslims whose lives we ’re ruling at gunpoint .
All the Islamic countries are afraid of Israel , and for good reason – because this country is much stronger than all of them put together .
We do things to the Palestinians , to Syria , to Lebanon and , reportedly , to Iran that we would never let anyone do to us in a million years – and they ca n’t stop us .
They are extremely reluctant to even try ; our military power deters them .
So what more do we want from our enemies before we ’ll stop screwing with them ?
Love ?
Recognition of the justice of the Zionist cause ?
An admission that they were wrong all these years and we were right ?
If that ’s what we ’re waiting for , we came to the wrong neighborhood .
If we ’re going to go on intercepting ships until their sponsors accept our right to keep Gaza under lock and key , we ’re going to be engaged in gunboat diplomacy for a long time .
If we think we can rule the West Bank Palestinians until they give up even , fly spy planes over Lebanon until Hizbullah agrees that we have the right to bear arms but it does n’t , and bomb enemy nuclear sites until the whole Middle East acknowledges Israel as its sole , rightful nuclear power , then our future here is untenable .
Maybe the United States and Russia can hold sway over their regions , maybe they can have spheres of influence , but a little Jewish state surrounded by 57 Muslim states cannot .
Neither our enemies nor our friends will allow us to be a mini-empire , a hegemon , for long .
That ’s a recipe for escalating , never - ending conflict .
The new cry of gevalt around here is that Israel ’sis under worldwide attack – but the truth is that the West has accepted the legitimacy of the Jewish state since 1947 , and nothing ’s changed .
As for the Muslim world , it never has and never will accept the legitimacy of the Jewish state – but it has accepted the hard fact of it since the Six Day War .
Between Israel ’s legitimacy in the West and deterrent power in the Middle East , we have what we need to survive as a Jewish state within our rightful , democratic borders .
But we ca n’t survive as the neighborhood bully .
It ’s hard to personalize a story if the faces of its subjects ca n’t be seen .
When the photographer Peter DiCampo encountered this problem in an area of northern Ghana where most communities live almost completely without electricity , his solution was simple .
He captured haunting portraits lit only by flashlight .
Mr. DiCampo , 26 , lived in a small village called Wantugu for two years as a Peace Corps volunteer .
When he went there , he promised himself he would put his camera on the back of the shelf .
“ If something was happening in front of me and I either had to be a photographer or a Peace Corps volunteer , ” Mr. DiCampo said , “ then I was there to be a volunteer first . ”
But as a graduate from a photography program at Boston University and a former intern with the VII agency in Paris , he could n’t put the camera down .
In “ Life Without Lights , ” a multimedia project , he chose to show people ’s lives after dark , a difficult task from both the technical and the narrative perspective .
About 10 years ago , the Ghanaian government introduced a program to provide electricity , but the effort fizzled when funding disappeared .
For the people of northern Ghana , no electricity means no machinery .
Children can’t study at night ; many , therefore , do poorly in school .
Teachers and health care workers are n’t interested in moving to the area .
Peter DiCampo
Mr. DiCampo ’s work was initially published in The Christian Science Monitor in 2007 .
At the time , he assumed he was finished with the project .
But other photographers encouraged him to pursue it further — including John Stanmeyer , who will work with Mr. DiCampo for the next two years under the VII Mentor Program .
Now , it ’s a topic Mr. DiCampo is exploring broadly .
In June , he traveled to a small town just outside of Albuquerque where the community lives in trailers and functions without power , and then left for Iraqi Kurdistan .
His most recent visit to Ghana was in February , when he traveled by motorbike to four or five different communities and let the people he met express their concerns .
“ They are angry , ” said Mr. DiCampo , who speaks conversational Dagbani , a language of northern Ghana .
“ They wanted to talk , and they wanted to dig into it . ”
In some parts of northern Ghana , there are small steps toward progress .
In 2008 , Mr. DiCampo happened to be in Wantugu when the town began to receive electricity , an event accompanied by little fanfare , he said .
Although the next episode of the village ’s story — the transition to life with lights — is technically easier to document , it ’s a challenge conceptually to portray the change .
“ I really want to document the ‘ What happens now ? ’ ” Mr. DiCampo said .
“ But it ’s almost hard to show the differences .
Socially , I think it ’s going to take generations . ”
( Mashable ) -- Facebook has begun testing face detection technology for Facebook Photos .
This is the first of what seems like a series of new features for its popular photo product .
The tests , which some users will see starting today [ Friday ] , focus on decreasing the tediousness of " tagging " friends in Facebook photos .
In the current Photos feature , users upload photos , click on each face in a photo , tag that photo with the friend pictured therein and continue the process until the album is tagged .
If you 've got a large album or a lot of friends in a single photo , this process is inefficient and tedious .
To solve this problem , Facebook has implemented face detection technology that will automatically find faces in photos and select them , eliminating one of the most tedious steps in tagging Facebook friends in photos .
Your friends are already selected by the software -- all you have to do is answer the Facebook prompt , " Whose face is this ? "
The technology is the same as the facial detection technology most digital cameras use today .
While the tech itself may not be all that new , it is a clever and very welcomed addition to the Facebook Photos feature set .
The company also promises that face detection is merely the first of many improvements that they 're trying out .
It 's also interesting that the post was written by Sam Odio , one of the co-founders of Divvyshot , which Facebook acquired back in April in order to improve the Photos product .
What other improvements and features do you want to see implemented in Facebook Photos ?
Do you think facial recognition -- that is , Facebook automatically knowing whose face is whose -- could be on the horizon ?
The company has a suggestion form for letting them know , but we also encourage you to share your ideas in our comments section below .
© 2013 MASHABLE.com .
All rights reserved .
Last May , Ã‚Â antivirus firm Sophos sold a majority stake to the private equity firm Apax Partners for $ 830 million .
That was just one example of robust investor interest in backing tech security companies .
In this LastWatchdog guest post , Gary Steele , CEO ofÃ‚Â Proofpoint , outlines the drivers behind this trend .
Proofpoint is an e-mail security and compliance vendor .
by Gary Steele
Investor interest in IT security continues strong and both private and public companies in the space can be expected to reap the benefits over the coming year .
Infusions of venture capital are also on the upswing for privately - held security companies .
A recent wave of investment in startups focusing on online privacy and reputation defense is just the latest example .
What are the business drivers behind all of this activity ?
As I see it , there are four main drivers :
Increasingly sophisticated threats
Security threats are becoming both more complex and more costly .
The fight against spam , for example , is far from over .
Targeted attacks such as spear phishingÃ¢â‚¬â€ phishing emails designed specifically to compromise users at a specific organizationÃ¢â‚¬â€ affected nearly half of companies in the past year .
And , increasingly , attacks leverage multiple vectors , combining email and messaging , Web components such as social media sites and clever social engineering .
The success of these hard - to - detect attacks is forcing enterprises to have to examine their outgoing email streams for spam and malwareÃ¢â‚¬â€ something that older or less sophisticated solutions are not equipped to do .
Privacy and data protection becoming a top priority
HasnÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t it always been ?
Well , not really .
In the past , the ramifications of data breaches were nÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t actually that big .
Privacy and data protection regulations were loosely enforced and fines were assessed only infrequently .
But the situation has changed dramatically over the past 18 months .
Governments are stepping in with privacy legislation that actually Ã¢â‚ ¬ Å“ has teeth .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Â
And individual states have gotten into the act with strict privacy regulations that , in some cases , even mandate encryption for any of their residentsÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ personal data , making almost any significant business engaged in interstate commerce ( not just financial services or healthcare organizations ) a regulated entity .
Simultaneously , consumers have become more informed and concerned about privacy risksÃ¢â‚¬â€ in part because of high - profile media coverage around data privacy breaches involving popular social media services and the latest Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ must haveÃ¢â‚ ¬
Â gadgets , such as the iPad .
Consumers are starting to demand that their privacy and private data be protected .
All of this is driving new enterprise requirements and new investments in data loss prevention , encryption and compliance technology .
Electronic discovery gaining attention
Awareness of issues around Ã¢â‚¬Å“ eDiscoveryÃ¢â‚
¬Â has nÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t yet permeated the popular culture like privacy has , but it may be about to .
This has to do with the legal requirement to produce documents stored digitally .
In addition to being one of the biggest environmental disasters ever , the BP oil spill is turning out to be the biggest electronic discovery event in history .
Previously , Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ shoddyÃ¢â‚
¬Â email retention practices at brokerage firm Piper Jaffray made headlines and resulted in a $ 700,000 fine .
WhatÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s the big deal ?
Email is the lifeblood of a company and everything is captured there .
So any court case requires companies to have sophisticated tools to manage and sift through huge volumes of email to be able to quickly figure out where they stand .
Software as a Service gaining traction
Why ?
Because it radically changes the IT cost model , and IT security is no exception .
Companies that bought solutions three years ago and are running them on - premises are now realizing that they can move those services to the cloud and do things much more cheaply .
Security vendors that provide their solutions as SaaS are taking advantage of commoditization ( for example , the constantly decreasing price of storage ) and open source technologies and driving down the cost of providing security servicesÃ¢â‚¬â€ driving down TCO for their customers .
With the advent of these Ã¢â‚ ¬ Å“ next - generationÃ¢â‚ ¬Â SaaS solutions , enterprises canÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t afford not to re-evaluate how they deploy security components .
These are just a few of the factors that are driving both near - term and long - term growth for security vendors like Proofpoint .
Keep an eye on the cybersecurity market in the next 12 months , because it will only get hotter .
About the author
Before joining Proofpoint , Gary Steele served as the CEO of Portera , an applications company delivering solutions for the professional services industry .
Prior to Portera , Ã‚Â Steele served as the vice president and general manager of the Middleware and Data Warehousing Product Group at Sybase , Inc.Ã‚Â
Steele ’s prior experience includes business development , marketing , and engineering roles at Sun Microsystems and Hewlett - Packard .
He holds a B.S. degree in computer science from Washington State University .
July 9th , 2010 | Guest Blog Post
All the content you need to see you through this period of self - isolation .
When it 's too cold to go anywhere , bringing good vibes to your home is key .
And while scented candles are always a great option , nothing beats the pleasure of burning some incense around the house .
When it comes to scent shopping , though , your burner should n't be overlooked either .
Thankfully , some of our favorite streetwear brands have expanded into homeware accessories in recent years , delivering incense burners that deliver in function and aesthetic .
Some of our favorite options right now come courtesy of NEIGHBORHOOD , with its signature skull - inspired burners , Wacko Maria , and Brain Dead .
Meanwhile , those into frills - free incense burners can always opt for lifestyle brands such as Saikai and IIIVVVYYY , not forgetting homeware offerings from Urban Outfitters .
So , without further ado , scroll down below to shop the best incense burners to bring good vibes to your place .
Saikai Sumitani Hakuhodo Incense Holder
Sumitani Hakuhodo Incense Holder $ 16 SAIKAI FREE SHIPPING OVER $ 250 FREE SHIPPING OVER $ 250 Buy at goodhood
Simple , clean , and elegant , Saikai ’s Sumitani Hakuhodo Incense Holder promises to fit into just about any home , irrespective of its interior .
Wacko Maria Maria Incense Chamber
Maria Incense Chamber from $ 163 Wacko Maria ( Available at 4 Merchants ) ( Available at 4 Merchants )
Where to shop
As soon as smoke starts to pour out of Maria ’s eyes , you are going to start feeling some type of way .
NEIGHBORHOOD .
Booze Reaper Incense Chamber
Booze Reaper Incense Chamber from $ 148 NEIGHBORHOOD .
( Available at 2 Merchants ) ( Available at 2 Merchants )
Where to shop
Despite the protagonists of this design being skulls , they retain a somewhat comical edge , perfect for any playful home .
This chamber is great for burning cones .
L’Object Rose Noir Porcelain Diffuser Set
Rose Noir Porcelain Diffuser Set $ 154 L'Object 10 % OFF YOUR FIRST ORDER 10 % OFF YOUR FIRST ORDER Buy at Browns
Your home ’s aroma is about to shoot though the roof with this set .
Enough to ensure a constant pleasantness floats through your abode , L’Object proves once again why it is a premier brand for quant home accessories .
Brain Dead Incense Burner
Incense Burner from $ 64 Brain Dead ( Available at 4 Merchants ) ( Available at 4 Merchants )
Where to shop
If you ’re looking for a more branded incense experience , this concrete holder , made in the form of Brain Dead ’s recognizable head logo is ideal .
NEIGHBORHOOD .
Skull With Headphones Incense Burner
If you ’ve got a home flooded with off - kilter pop art , some sort of skull with headphones is probably next on your list .
Look no further than this iteration from Japanese stalwart NEIGHBORHOOD .
NEIGHBORHOOD .
Booze Mini Incense Chamber
Booze Mini Incense Chamber from $ 98 NEIGHBORHOOD .
( Available at 2 Merchants ) ( Available at 2 Merchants )
Where to shop
Perfect for your most passive aggressive self .
IIIVVVYYY Large Open Palm Incense Holder
Large Open Palm Incense Holder $ 60 IIIVVVYYY FREE SHIPPING OVER $ 250 FREE SHIPPING OVER $ 250 Buy at goodhood
If you have a thing for subtlety , the Open Palm Incense Holder from IIIVVVYYY needs to find its way into your home .
Urban Outfitters Sage Incense Bundle
Sage Incense Bundle Ornament $ 24 Urban Outfitters Free Shipping On Orders Over $ 50 Free Shipping On Orders Over $ 50 Buy at Urban Outfitters
Urban Outfitters brings together dried sage and palo Santo for a scent so good , you will never want to leave the house again .
Our designated Selects section features products that we love and want to share with you .
Highsnobiety has affiliate marketing partnerships , which means we may receive a commission from your purchase .
Welcome Rakudo Star
Perl 6 has evolved over a long time .
As originally conceived , it was to be a modest cleanup of Perl 5 semantics and implementation .
By shrugging off a few of the less desirable features and misfeatures , Perl the language could evolve in new ways .
As it turns out , a language is more than a bundle of features .
It ’s a set of design principles which govern interlocking syntax and semantics and idioms .
The greater the internal consistency of that philosophy , the greater the coherence of the language and its community and its ecosystem .
Given the chance to reinvent Perl one more time ( the first reinvention was Perl 4 to Perl 5 ) , could the community produce a language which could evolve to meet the needs of programmers for at least the next twenty years ?
Could we do so without all of the pain and tension between the need to retain backwards compatibility and the desire to improve based on real world experiences ?
That task was larger than any of us could have predicted , but the results ( Perl ’s testing culture !
Roles ! Moose ! Grammars ! ) demonstrate their utility even now , even in the Perl 5 world .
Both languages feed off of the other .
Both languages help us to research and define and refine what Perl is and what Perl can be .
Rakudo Star is a milestone in that process .
We ’re proud of what we ’ve accomplished , and we ’ve reached a point where we want to share it with the wider world .
People will complain .
They do n’t like twigils .
( They do n’t like sigils ! )
All they ever wanted was a better object system .
They hate operators or Unicode operators .
They do n’t want to learn how multiple dispatch works .
They miss the CPAN .
They prefer homoiconicity of syntax .
They feel betrayed that after ten years , Rakudo Star is the first of several distribution releases and not the final , it ’s completely finished that ’s it , install it to run your space station , release …
… as if designing a language intended to evolve and change and adapt over the next several decades were a simple , three - month task to produce a perfect , static , never - needs - updating specification .
( Implementation is merely a matter of hiring enough typists , you see . )
That ’s neither what Perl 6 is nor how it works .
What matters now is that you —yes , you — can download and install and play with Perl 6 right now .
It ’s not complete , whatever that means .
It ’s not finished , because twenty years from now we ’ll still release new versions to meet needs that we can’t possibly predict right now .
What we can do is figure out what you need .
What works for you ?
What does n’t ?
Are there bugs to fix ?
Are there particular optimizations you ’d like to see ?
( Our next big task is optimization . )
Now begins the work of polishing .
What can we do to make Perl 6 even more amazing for you for the next release of Rakudo and the next and the next and the next ?
Set aside your assumptions .
Try Perl 6 yourself with Rakudo Star .
Perl in every form is the work of a community willing to make amazing things happen .
That task continues — help us make Perl more powerful , more flexible , more useful , and more fun .
But whenever America tries to train security forces in Iraq and Afghanistan so that we can leave behind a somewhat stable country , it ’s positively Sisyphean .
It takes eons longer than our officials predict .
The forces we train turn against us or go over to the other side or cut and run .
If we give them a maximum security prison , as we recently did in Iraq , making a big show of handing over the key , the imprisoned Al Qaeda militants are suddenly allowed to escape .
Image Credit ... Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
The British Empire prided itself on discovering warrior races in places it conquered  Gurkhas , Sikhs , Pathans , as the Brits called Pashtuns .
But why are they warrior cultures only until we need them to be warriors on our side ?
Then they ’re untrainably lame , even when we spend $ 25 billion on building up the Afghan military and the National Police Force , dubbed “ the gang that could n’t shoot straight ” by Newsweek .
Maybe we just ca n’t train them to fight against each other .
But why ca n’t countries that produce fierce insurgencies produce good standing armies in a reasonable amount of time ?
Is it just that insurgencies can be more indiscriminate ?
Things are so bad that Robert Blackwill , who was on W. ’s national security team , wrote in Politico that the Obama administration should just admit failure and turn over the Pashtun South to the Taliban since it will inevitably control it anyway .
He said that the administration does n’t appreciate the extent to which this is a Pashtun nationalist uprising .
We keep hearing that the last decade of war , where we pour in gazillions to build up Iraq and Afghanistan even as our own economy sputters , has weakened Al Qaeda .
But at his confirmation hearing on Tuesday before the Senate Armed Services Committee , Gen. James Mattis , who is slated to replace Gen. David Petraus , warned that Al Qaeda and its demon spawn represent a stark danger all over the Middle East and Central Asia .
While we ’re anchored in Afghanistan , the Al Qaeda network could roil Yemen “ to the breaking point , ” as Mattis put it in written testimony .
Update : Peter Bright has written a response to this article .
A long time ago , in what seems like a galaxy far , far away , Apple and Google were the Brad and Jennifer of the tech world .
Google had the cloud , Apple had the clients , and both companies were such industry darlings that fantasizing about world - changing Apple / Google team - ups was a popular pundit pasttime .
The love extended all the way up to the top of Apple , with Google CEO Eric Schmidt taking the stage alongside Jobs at WWDC 2007 for the iPhone 's unveiling .
Jobs was supposedly so pleased with the prospects for Apple / Google collaboration that when he learned of Google 's secret " Gphone " project ( Android ) , he reportedly hit the roof .
Given how much engineering effort the company has focused on its iOS - based products — to the point where most of the CPUs in Mac hardware have fallen a full generation behind — it 's hard to imagine that Jobs is n't feeling similarly betrayed by yet another Apple partner 's full - court press into the smartphone market .
I 'm talking , of course , about Intel , which just hired former Apple and Palm VP Mike Bell to head up its smartphone efforts , and which is rumored to be contemplating a purchase of key baseband chipmaker Infineon .
Intel is jumping into the smartphone market with both feet , and the company 's goal is n't just to create a direct iPhone competitor — no , Intel wants to empower a whole ecosystem of iPhone competitors based on x86 .
Is it a coincidence , then , that Apple does n't appear the least bit inclined to bring its Mac line up - to - date with the latest 32nm parts from Intel ?
No , it is n't .
But the story of the present and future of Apple 's relationship with Intel is considerably more complicated than " Betrayed Apple Flees Intel for AMD . "
Lagging on Intel , watching AMD
According to the Mac Buyer 's Guide , the Mac Pro averages 236 days between refreshes ; but it has been 510 days since it was last updated .
The iMac was last updated 279 days ago ; its average is 221 .
( Rumor is that updates are coming Tuesday , which , if true , will be just 19 days after I bought a 27 " Core i7 iMac . )
On the portable side , the Macbook Air has gone 413 days without an update , when its average is 255 days .
Finally , the Mac mini was recently updated within a normal time interval , but it was a cosmetic update only — the machine kept the positively geriatric Core 2 Duo .
All told , Apple looks set to skip Intel 's 32nm Westmere generation almost entirely , and this was after the company appeared reluctant to upgrade to Nehalem .
There are probably a few reasons why Apple has been slow to refresh its Mac line .
First , there 's the fairly remote possibility that Apple could be seriously considering AMD .
Intel 's upcoming Sandy Bridge will , by all accounts , be an incredibly strong family of processors , so it 's hard to imagine that Apple will jump ship for AMD at this point .
But Bulldozer is a truly novel architecture in many respects , and with all such attempts at radical ( as opposed to incremental ) improvements , it 's likely to either really rock or really flop .
If the project works and AMD can deliver a cheap , high - performance Sandy Bridge alternative that does n't waste any die space on an integrated GPU , then Bulldozer would be a great option for Apple .
The company would be free again to choose between ATI and NVIDIA discrete GPUs , without having to engineer around Intel 's IGP .
So while we find it unlikely that Apple will move to AMD on the desktop , a combination of a successful Bulldozer launch from AMD and a string of high - profile Intel smartphone wins would put such a platform shift well into the non-crazy category .
As for other reasons why Apple is apparently skipping Westmere , we can offer two more possibilities .
One possibility is related to the fact that Intel 's desktop Westmere parts are an evolutionary step backwards from a system architecture point of view .
We 've covered this elsewhere , but to recap : Arrandale and Clarkdale move the memory controller off of the processor die and return it to the northbridge , where it lived prior to Nehalem .
This move boosts memory latency , which is not good , but the real killer is that Westmere also puts the northbridge , which contains Intel 's ho - hum integrated graphics processor , into the same package as the processor die .
Apple can't be pleased with having to engineer around Intel 's IGP in the MacBook , and the prospect of doing this on the desktop has to be particularly unappealing .
It 's also probably not possible to do in the MacBook Air due to space constraints .
Sandy Bridge moves the IGP and memory controller back onto the processor die , which should at least boost performance by lowering memory latency again , even if you do still have to deal with the IGP issue .
The other possible reason that the Mac line is in such sorry shape is that Apple just does n't care very much about the PC anymore .
Jobs has compared the desktop PC to a pickup truck — a utility - oriented niche that will remain popular but will nonetheless be a niche .
It was clear from Apple 's press conference on the iPhone antenna issue that Apple 's engineering focus is now squarely on its ( non-niche ) iOS products , which represent the future of the company .
Sure , Macs are selling well , and Apple can still steal desktop and laptop PC marketshare from the Windows crowd .
But the desktop PC market as a whole is mature and commodified , and it simply can't compare to the booming mobile market as a source of the kind of revenue growth that can justify Apple 's stratospheric stock price .
This is especially true in a challenging economic environment where consumers and businesses are lengthening their hardware upgrade cycles , and where the real growth story for commodity PC hardware seems to be not on the desktop but in the data center .
Outside of a few important niches — none of which are large enough by comparison to the iPhone and iPad markets to be worth devoting any real engineering effort to — the desktop PC is largely an Internet client .
So the Mac will remain with Apple as a legacy product that still throws off a great revenue stream in return for a minimal amount of investment , but the Mac does not represent the kind of explosive , long - term growth potential that can justify the company 's position at the very top of the technology market capitalization heap .
Or , to put it another way , Apple will be happy to take PC reference designs from Intel ( or AMD ? ) and repackage them in nice mobile and desktop enclosures — effectively outsourcing PC R&D to the chipmaker — while focusing its own engineering efforts on differentiating its post - PC products from the rest of the market ... a market that will soon include Intel - made smartphone reference designs .
The reference experience
You may wonder just how serious of a threat Intel is to Apple 's smartphone interests .
Depending on how you define " serious threat , " the answer can go a number of ways .
If by " serious " we mean that Intel is serious about the smartphone market , then the threat is definitely very serious .
At the most recent Intel R&D day , Intel CTO Justin Ratner made reference to " smartphone activity " in Intel 's labs , activity that he said the company will soon talk about more publicly .
These remarks were in the context of his answer to our question about possible blowback from Intel going into competition with its customers by designing full - blown , market - ready products .
When we suggested that in moving up the stack from hardware and into software , services , and complete products , Intel might alienate some of its key customers , Ratner answered by reassuring us that Intel 's product teams design only " reference experiences . "
Because Intel 's products , he explained , come in reference form , a company can either adopt the reference design wholesale by just rebranding it and going straight to market , or it could replace parts of the design with custom engineering .
This reference talk is probably not at all comforting to Apple , because with Intel 's smartphone efforts , Ratner is essentially saying , " we plan to design a complete reference smartphone package , from hardware to software to an app store , and then offer that to every single one of Apple 's competitors , who will either go straight to market with it or will improve on it and then go to market . "
The next question , then , is whether Intel 's smartphone effort can seriously threaten the iPhone .
This is unlikely , at least in the near to medium term .
It certainly will be possible for Intel to squeeze its Moorestown platform into a smartphone form factor , especially since that form factor now includes jumbo devices like the HTC EVO 4G , but it 's also possible for someone to train a dog to walk on its hind legs — a neat trick , but a lot of effort to achieve something unnatural and suboptimal .
With its own newly acquired in - house ARM expertise , Apple should continue handily cleaning Intel 's clock in smartphones until some combination of architectural tricks and performance advantages eliminates enough of Atom 's performance per watt disadvantage to make it a competitor .
That day may come , but it wo n't come this year or next .
Trouble ahead
Apple will probably adopt Sandy Bridge , and Intel will keep plugging away at its effort to empower a whole new ecosystem of iPhone competitors , so there 's unlikely to be any change in the status quo this year .
But the writing is on the wall for the Apple - Intel relationship : this will end badly , just like the Apple - Google romance of 2006 - 2007 .
There 's no way that Apple is going to sit idly by while Intel builds a hardware / software platform to compete with iOS , and then gives that platform away to Apple 's competitors .
And there 's no way that Intel is going sit idly by and watch Apple 's ARM - based products rake in billions in revenue without trying to take them down .
It seems likely that if AMD can get its act together , stay solvent , and ship a family of desktop and server processors that are competitive with Intel , then Apple may well break up with Intel entirely .
At this point we wo n't make an outright prediction of an Apple - AMD shift , because the smaller chipmaker 's upcoming server and mobile products will either make it or break it — if Bulldozer in particular flops or faces heavy delays , there wo n't be an AMD for Apple to migrate to .
This is a tall order for AMD , but it 's doable , and given the lay of the land with Apple and Intel it's no stretch of the imagination that Apple is rooting for AMD to come through .
And if AMD does , then the odds of Apple moving to the rival chipmaker are somewhere north of 50 percent .
( Note :
In acknowledgement of the fact that some of the response to this article will focus on the possibility that Apple might buy AMD , let me say upfront that I find this very unlikely under any set of circumstances .
As I said above , the desktop PC market is mature , and it makes very little sense for anyone at all to buy AMD in order to keep producing a line of desktop PCs , even if that line is still growing in units shipped .
Only someone interested in the much more lucrative and rapidly expanding data center market would be interested in AMD , and Apple does n't have a real data center product .
Acquisitions are about enabling growth in a hot new market , and not about sustaining revenue in a mature one .
The ARM acquisitions that Apple has made recently are about the former , and an AMD acquisition would be about the latter . )
There ’s now a lot of talk about the fact that U.S. corporations are sitting on a lot of cash , but not spending it .
I do n’t find that particularly puzzling : with huge excess capacity , why invest in building even more capacity .
But almost everyone seems to agree that if we could somehow get businesses to spend some of that cash , it would create jobs .
Which then raises the question : how can you believe that , and not also believe that if the U.S. government were to borrow some of the cash corporations are n’t spending , and spend it on , say , public works , this would also create jobs ?
( Brad DeLong has tried to make this argument repeatedly ) .
Which brings me to Lincoln and McClellan .
General McClellan had raised a powerful army , but seemed disinclined to actually seek battle .
So Lincoln sent him a letter : “ My dear McClellan :
If you do n’t want to use the Army I should like to borrow it for a while . ”
( Yes , there are various versions of the quote ) .
So should n’t that be our response to all that idle corporate cash ?
We do n’t literally have to borrow from the corporations ; they ’re parking their funds in the money market , and the feds would borrow from that market .
But the end result would be to put some of that idle cash to work — and , ultimately , to give the corporations a reason to start investing , too , so that the deficit spending would crowd investment in , not out .
I have never seen a coherent objection to this line of argument .
I have received over a hundred Emails in the last few days regarding the city of Bell , California .
I usually stay away from these kind of stories because most have seen them .
However , in the interest of stopping a further chain of emails , and more importantly discussing what if anything can be done , let 's do a quick recap of events .
July 20 , 2010 - Citizens Protest City Administrator , Council Member Salaries
Californians Protest City Manager ’s $ 800,000 Salary
Hundreds of residents of one of the poorest municipalities in Los Angeles County shouted in protest last night as tensions rose over a report that the city ’s manager earns an annual salary of almost $ 800,000 .
An overflow crowd packed a City Council meeting in Bell , a mostly Hispanic city of 38,000 about 10 miles ( 16 kilometers ) southeast of Los Angeles , to call for the resignation of Mayor Oscar Hernandez and other city officials .
Residents left standing outside the chamber banged on the doors and shouted “ fuera , ” or “ get out ” in Spanish .
It was the first council meeting since the Los Angeles Times reported July 15 that Chief Administrative Officer Robert Rizzo earns $ 787,637 -- with annual 12 percent raises -- and that Bell pays its police chief $ 457,000 , more than Los Angeles Police Chief Charlie Beck makes in a city of 3.8 million people .
Bell council members earn almost $ 100,000 for part - time work .
City Attorney Edward Lee said the council members could n’t discuss salaries in public without advance notice .
The council then adjourned for a private session .
About an hour later , the council members returned , and Hernandez read a statement saying the city would prepare a report on the salaries and seek public comment at the next council meeting , scheduled for Aug. 16 .
Residents shouted in protest .
Lee said he would have the room cleared if people continued to speak out of line .
Police Chief Randy Adams said the fire department wanted to end the meeting because the crowd outside was blocking the door .
...
July 21 , 2010 - Outrageous Pension Benefits For City Manager
He may have become reviled in working - class Bell for his nearly $ 800,000 - a- year salary , but Chief Administrative Officer Robert Rizzo could have the last laugh .
Should he be forced from his job , he would immediately gain a new title : highest - paid retiree in the state ’s CalPERS retirement system .
Rizzo , 55 , would be entitled to at least $ 600,000 - a- year pension for the rest of his life , according to retirement calculations made by The Times that were reviewed by pensions experts .
That would make him the highest - paid retiree in the CalPERS system , outstripping the $ 509,664 paid each year to Bruce Malkenhorst , former city manager of Vernon .
Not far behind would be Randy Adams , the man Rizzo brought in to be the city ’s police chief last July .
If Adams , 59 , steps down , his pension would be worth an estimated $ 411,300 , placing him just behind Malkenhorst on the list of top CalPERS retirement earners .
Taking the Bell job was a good career move for Adams .
By moving to Bell , in just one year , the police chief more than doubled his retirement .
As debate over public - sector pensions takes center stage in this election year , with Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and other leaders pushing for reductions at the state and local levels , the projected pension checks waiting for Rizzo and Adams have taken even veteran pension watchers by surprise .
" It ’s outrageous and unsustainable , " said pension reform advocate Marcia Fritz , noting that Rizzo would receive $ 26 million if he lived a normal lifespan .
" High salary lasts just a few years – high pensions last for a lifetime . "
July 23 , 2010 - CA city seeks resignations of high - paid officials
BELL , Calif . –
The City Council in this small , blue - collar suburb of Los Angeles intends to ask three administrators whose salaries total more than $ 1.6 million to resign Thursday or face possible firing .
The officials include Chief Administrative Officer Robert Rizzo , who earns $ 787,637 a year — nearly twice the pay of President Barack Obama — for overseeing one of the poorest towns in Los Angeles County .
The others are Assistant City Manager Angela Spaccia , who makes $ 376,288 a year , and Police Chief Randy Adams , whose annual salary of $ 457,000 is 50 percent more than that of Los Angeles Police Chief Charlie Beck .
Councilman Luis Artiga said the panel planned to request the resignations during a closed - door , afternoon meeting that was called to consider dismissing the officials .
A public hearing is scheduled for Monday .
Rizzo was hired at an annual salary of $ 72,000 a year in 1993 , and the council rapidly increased that amount over the years .
His most recent raise boosted his salary more than $ 84,000 a year .
July 23 , 2010 - 3 Bell Leaders Quit in Pay Scandal
Bell leaders to quit in pay scandal
Bell 's top administrators , whose hefty salaries have stirred public outrage and calls for investigations , agreed to resign Thursday night during a closed - door City Hall meeting .
City Manager Robert Rizzo , Police Chief Randy Adams and Assistant City Manager Angela Spaccia will not receive severance packages .
Rizzo will step down at the end of August and Spaccia will leave at the end of September .
Adams will also leave at the end of August , after completing an evaluation of the Police Department .
The decision was announced at midnight to a crowd of angry Bell residents who anxiously had been waiting since the City Council began its meeting at 4:30 p.m .
None of the administrators attended the session .
The crowd erupted in applause after the announcement but immediately yelled out questions about what would happen to the council members .
Four of the five are paid close to $ 100,000 annually .
When their questions were not answered , they shouted , " Recall ! "
July 23 , 2010 - Bell City Fires Manager , LA District Attorney Launches Investigation
Three municipal officials whose outsize salaries sparked a firestorm of outrage in the working - class Los Angeles suburb of Bell , Calif. , resigned after midnight Friday following an emergency meeting of the city council .
The 56 - year - old will draw an immense pension , between $ 650,000 and $ 880,000 , making him the highest - paid pensioner in California .
" Rizzo resigns and still makes more than $ 600,000 , " said Ali Saleh , founder of the Bell Association to Stop the Abuse , a grassroots community group .
" That 's why I call him a predator .
He 's taking advantage of the community whether he keeps his job or resigns . "
Four of the five council members , who approved the employees ' salaries , earn over $ 100,000 for part - time work , sparking a preliminary investigation by the Los Angeles County District Attorney .
City council members in comparable cities holding similar posts typically earn around $ 4,500 .
" We 're reviewing the facts to see if we need to launch a formal investigation , " said Jane Robison , spokeswoman for the L.A. County district attorney .
" Part of what took place is legal , " she said .
" If the council voted to give [ Rizzo ] the pay , that 's legal .
How much the council members are making and how those elected officials got that pay might require investigating . "
" When Rizzo came in , in 1993 , he was one of the lowest - paid city managers in the state , " said Hussein Saleh [ a city resident ] , who owns a fashion company and last year lost an election for city council .
" Now he 's the highest .
It 's not hard to understand what happened .
He raised utility taxes , raised property taxes to the highest in the area , and pushed through a $ 70 million bond issue to fix the parks , but we have n't seen any of it . "
Can Anything Be Done ?
Sources : Volchenkov not in Caps ' plans
Contrary to a report out of Canada late last month that suggested the Caps are going to target pending unrestricted free agent Anton Volchenkov this summer , two sources have told me that the team does not , in fact , plan to pursue the Ottawa blue liner .
The Caps " are not going to make him an offer , " one of the sources familiar with Washington 's plans told me .
Volchenkov , if he hits the open market , is going to be one of the most heavily pursued free agents this summer .
But because the 28 - year - old shot - blocking , shutdown Russian defenseman could earn as much as $ 5 million per season , the math does n't really work given the Caps ' salary cap situation .
A car which was reportedly pushed off the end of a drive way crashing onto a greenhouse .
This is the latest in a series of acts as two families row in Plymouth .
The family from the Ernesettle estate claim they saw a vehicle drive off , its driver having used it to force their car over the edge of its driveway so that it now rests in a precarious position held up only by a lightweight greenhouse
Credit : JOHN ALLEN / IRVING OF EXETER
Brad Friedman Byon 7/30/2010 , 11:00 am PT
As the Washington Post continues its shameful drift farther and farther to the right , it has long demonstrated the inability to use the " L " word , no matter how appropriate , and even seemed to support rightwing propagandist Andrew Breitbart 's deceptively edited hit - video on Shirley Sherrod last week , long after everyone else had come to realize it was a hoax .
So it was nice to see E.J. Dionne 's column in WaPo on Monday in which he actually used the correct words to identify the facts of the matter .
He used the words " right - wing propaganda , " as in the headline for his column : " Enough right - wing propaganda . "
That 's right .
What Andrew Breitbart and his ilk do is not opinion , it 's not " conservative journalism " or even " activism . "
It 's propaganda .
And it 's certainly not " conservative " by any stretch of the imagination .
It 's right - wing .
There is nothing " conservative " about it .
Using a phrase akin to the ones we 've applied to Breitbart for a very long time , Dionne went on to refer to him , accurately , as a " right - wing hit man , " as in : " The administration 's response to the doctored video pushed by right - wing hit man Andrew Breitbart was shameful . "
And then , the " L " word appeared in the pages of the Washington Post .
Finally .
As Dionne appropriately used the word " liars , " as in : " When an outlandish charge for which there is no evidence is treated as an on - the - one - hand - and - on - the - other - hand issue , the liars win . "
Good for Dionne .
I suspect he 'll be fired immediately .
When my info - larder gets too packed , it ’s time to serve up some choice nuggets from around the Web .
BP oil infiltrates the Gulf ’s food chain
The inevitable has happened .
From a McLatchy article :
University scientists have spotted the first indications oil is entering the Gulf seafood chain — in crab larvae — and one expert warns the effect on fisheries could last “ years , probably not a matter of months ” and affect many species .
Of course , oil in crab larvae means oil in any fish that feed on crab larvae — a first step of hydrocarbons concentrating up the food chain , from little drops in little fish to big drops in big fish .
And that ’s not the only way Gulf sea life will come into contact with BP ’s spilled oil , as veteran fishery expert Harriet Perry tells McLatchey .
She says plankton feeders like menhaden will “ just take it in , ” making it available for their predators .
She adds :
We have also just started seeing it on the fins of small , larval fish — their fins were encased in oil .
That limits their mobility , so that makes them easy prey for other species .
The oil ’s going to get into the food chain in a lot of ways .
What does this mean for food safety ?
Exposure to petroleum in food has been shown to cause cancer and brain damage , so keeping fish tainted with it out of the food supply is key .
Right now , huge swaths of the Gulf ’s teeming fisheries are closed for business .
And the catch from the parts that remain open are subject to rigorous testing .
So , if you see Gulf seafood for sale at a market , it ’s likely to be as safe to eat as anything emerging from the troubled sea .
However , as Andrew Schneider shows in a recent AOL News investigation , the public and the press need to maintain heavy pressure on food - safety officials to ensure that fish harvested from spill - affected waters is safe to eat .
Schneider suggests that while the testing of market - bound Gulf seafood is indeed rigorous — and no tainted specimens have been found among market - bound fish — questions remain about precisely what level of oil contamination makes seafood unsafe .
Corn , immigration , and drug violence
In a recent Nation , veteran Latin America watcher Peter Canby has a long , searching essay corn , NAFTA , genetically modified organisms ( GMOs ) , Mexican smallholder farmers , and the fate of agriculture in a warming world .
The piece details the well - known story of how highly subsidized U.S. corn flooded Mexico after the passage of NAFTA in 1994 , helping spark an exodus from the countryside , particularly in Mexico ’s south .
But it also makes a couple of points that do n’t get nearly enough attention .
Given all the hysteria around immigration , and the horrific recent headlines about Mexico ’s narco - trafficking crisis , it ’s worth laying them out .
In the late 1980s , blessed by the IMF and friends in the Bush I administration , Mexico president Carlos Salinas embarked upon a policy of descampesinoización — pushing smallholder farmers off of the land and into the cities to staff an export - led manufacturing boom .
Salinas ’ aggressive push for NAFTA , and the decision to subject Mexico ’s smallholder farmers to its rigors by including corn in the pact , were part of that plan .
The manufacturing boom never materialized : China , not Mexico , became the United States ’ de facto manufacturing zone .
The drug trade and opportunities in the United States largely filled the void .
So now Mexico has a massive , metastasizing drug- violence problem , and the United States has what nativists believe to be an “ immigration crisis . ”
Connecting these dots — Salinas ’ attack on campesinos ( smallholder farmers ) , NAFTA , the U.S. “ immigration crisis , ” and Mexico ’s drug - trafficking nightmare — does not happen nearly enough in the U.S. press .
Canby ’s essay also has some great stuff on traditional campesino farming , and how an annual flood of U.S. GMO corn threatens to snuff out one of the globe ’s most important food resources : the stunning diversity of corn varieties cultivated in Mexico ’s south .
It is worth reading in its entirety .
Also worth reading on this general theme :
In the Boston Review , Sarah Hill has an excellent piece on how the border town of Jaurez , once hailed as a great manufacturing center for U.S. - bound electronics products , has instead become a war zone for rival narco - trafficking interests , some of them , evidently , supported by the Mexican government itself .
Something fishy in the state of Norway
From an English - language paper in Norway comes a report that some French journalists have concluded that farmed Norwegian salmon is toxic , nasty stuff .
According to the article , the journalists did some gonzo reporting to reach that conclusion :
The journalists followed an individually - calculated diet of daily food for a few weeks , and reached their conclusions after having been constantly tested at an independent laboratory .
Precisely what those tests found , the article does not make clear .
But evidently , France ’s Minister of Food , Agriculture and Fishing took the claims seriously enough to declare himself “ shocked ” and “ revolted . ”
The ministry is now formally posing questions to Norway about the use of pesticides to control sea lice , which tend to proliferate in factory - style salmon operations .
Why should we care on this side of the Atlantic ?
Because Norwegian companies own and operate most of the industrial - scale salmon farms in the United States and Canada .
In his 2008 book Bottomfeeder , Taras Grescoe shows that three enormous Norwegian firms dominate North American salmon farming .
One of them , Marine Harvest , alone owns as much as 30 percent of the global farmed - salmon market .
Anyone game to conduct similar guerrilla experiments here ?
Not it !
I wo n’t go near the stuff — I gave up farmed salmon years ago .
U.N. panel says sustainable farming practices can “ feed the world ”
The planet is due to add an additional 3 billion people by 2050 , and only chemical - intensive agriculture , goosed with novel transgenic seeds , can possibly hope to feed them all .
That ’s the agrichemical industry ’s mantra , anyway , and it has congealed into conventional wisdom .
But among ag experts , the premise is widely disputed .
In fact , many experts think the ramping up of industrial agriculture will be disastrous for the environment , and instead promote “ agrocecological ” practices that can produce plenty of food while also polluting much less .
That was the message delivered at a meeting in June convened by U.N. Special Rapporteur on the Right to Food Olivier De Schutter .
So what is agrocecology ?
According to a U.N. report on the event , agroecological techniques include “ agroforestry ( planting trees and crops on the same parcel ) , biological control of pests and diseases through the use of natural predators , water harvesting methods , intercropping , green manure cover crops , mixed crops , livestock management , and a range of additional practices . ”
In other words , essentially what we think of as organic agriculture , without the rigorous codification .
Such farming styles do n’t have a PR machine behind them , unlike patented biotech seeds .
Yet their success has been proven , as the U.N. report shows :
The widest study ever conducted on the subject found that agroecological approaches resulted in an average crop yield gain of 79 per cent .
The study covered 286 projects in 57 developing countries , representing a total surface of 37 million hectares .
Such “ agroecological success stories ” abound in Africa .
In Tanzania , where the western provinces of Shinyanga and Tabora were once known as the “ Desert of Tanzania , ” agroforestry techniques and participatory processes allowed some 350,000 hectares of land to be rehabilitated in two decades .
Profits per household rose by up to $ 500 a year .
Similar techniques are being used successfully in Malawi .
Advocates for agroecology do n’t lack success stories ; they lack the sort of political power that comes with a multi-billion - dollar industry like agrichemicals .
You ca n’t patent a technique like cover cropping ; and if you ca n’t patent something , you likely can’t leverage it for cash to hire lobbyists .
As De Schutter put it , “ What is needed now is political will to move from successful pilot projects to nationwide policies . ”
Which is precisely the point of my own recent post about “ why eaters alone ca n’t transform the food system . ”
This part six of a six part introduction to c2hs .
We finally talk about what ostensibly is the point of c2hs : calling C functions from Haskell .
c2hs , due to its knowledge of the C headers , can already do the work for generating FFI imports .
The call hook simply tells c2hs to generate the FFI import , while the fun hook generates another Haskell function which performs marshalling .
Call .
The format of call is quite simple , because like get and set , it is meant to be interleaved with other Haskell code .
If I would like to invoke the readline function from readline / readline.h , a { #call readline #} would suffice ; c2hs will then generate the FFI import with the correct signature and transform the call directive into the name of the FFI import .
Of course , readline does n't call back to Haskell , so we could add unsafe : { # call unsafe readline #} .
And if you 're sure that the C function has no side - effects , you can add pure : { # call pure unsafe sin #} .
If you have multiple calls to the same function using the same FFI declaration , their flags need to be consistent .
By default , the cid will be use precisely to determine the name of the FFI import ; if it is not a valid Haskell identifier for a function ( i.e. is capitalized ) or the C function name would conflict with another , you 'll need to specify what the FFI will import as .
Common conventions include prefixing the function with c_ , or you can use ^ for c2hs 's capitalization conversion .
{ # call FooBar_Baz as ^ #} will convert to fooBarBaz ( with an appropriate FFI declaration ) .
Fun .
Because the signature of the FFI declarations will all be C types , and Haskell programs tend not to use those , and because it is a frequent operation to convert to and from the C types , there ’s a little bit of automation to help you out with the fun directive .
Unlike call , it 's intended to standalone as a definition , and not be embedded in code .
Note that you do n’t have to use fun ; gtk2hs does n't use it , for example .
However , many people find it useful .
A fun starts off much like a call : you first specify if it 's pure and / or unsafe , specify the C identifier , and the specify the Haskell name .
Since the majority of your code will refer to the Haskell name , it 's usually best to specify ^ for a consistent naming convention .
From here , we need to specify what the end type of the desired Haskell function is , and how to go from those types to the C types ( the marshalling functions ) .
The c2hs tutorial has a bit to say on this topic , so we 'll take a more example oriented approach .
Primitive C types .
The integral , floating point and boolean ( usually an integer under the hood ) primitive C types are so prevalent that c2hs will automatically use the cIntConv , cFloatConv and cFromBool / cToBool functions to marshal them if none are specified .
These functions work in both directions .
This directive :
{ #fun pure sinf as ^ { ` Float ' } -> ` Float ' #}
generates :
sinf :: Float ->
Float sinf a 1 = let { a1 ' = cFloatConv a1} in let {res = sinf '_ a 1'} in let {res ' = cFloatConv res} in ( res ' )
You can see that a bunch of ( ugly ) generated code is added to run the marshalling function on the argument , pass it to the FFI , and then another marshalling function is called on the result .
Idiomatic Haskell might look like :
sinf = cFloatConv . sinf '_ .
cFloatConv
If you ’d like to use a different name for the marshalling function , you can specify it before the type of an argument ( an “ in ” marshaller ) , or after the result ( an “ out ” marshaller ) , as such :
{ #fun pure sinf as ^ { myFloatConv ` Float` } ->
` Float` myFloatConv
and you can just replace the relevant function calls in the generated Haskell .
String arguments .
Strings also hold a special place in c2hs 's heart ; null - terminated and strings needing explicit length information specified are handled with ease .
Consider these two function prototypes :
void print_null_str ( char * str ) ; void print_explicit_str( char * str , int length ) ;
We can write the following c2hs directives :
{ #fun print_null_str as ^ { ` String ' } -> `( ) ' } {#fun print_explicit_str as ^ { ` String '& } -> `( ) ' }
and they will be automatically be marshalled with withCString * and withCStringLen* .
There are several interesting things happening here .
We represent a void return type using ( ) ( the empty type in Haskell ) .
Additionally , the String parameter in print_explicit_str has an ampersand affixed to it ; this means that the marshaller should produce a tuple of arguments which will be passed to the function as two separate arguments .
Sure enough , withCStringLen results in a ( Ptr CChar , Int ) , and c2hs use a slight variant withCStringLenIntConv which converts the Int into a CInt .
( Note that if you need more complicated multi- argument ordering , fun is not for you . )
But perhaps the most interesting thing is the * affixed to the input marshaller , which has two effects .
The first is to indicate that the input marshalling function is the IO monad , for example , the type of withCString is String -> ( CString -> IO a ) -> IO a .
But furthermore , it indicates a function that follows the bracketed resource pattern “ with ” .
We did not use``String ->
CString`` , since this could result in a memory leak if we do n't free the CString later !
The code generated is then :
printNullStr :: String -> IO ( ) printNullStr a1 = withCString a 1 $ \a1 ' -> printNullStr'_ a 1 ' >>= \res -> return ( ) printExplicitStr :: String -> IO ( ) printExplicitStr a1 = withCStringLenIntConv a1 $ \( a1 '1 , a 1'2 ) -> printExplicitStr'_ a 1 '1 a 1 ' 2 >>= \res -> return ()
which makes use of hanging lambdas to keep the layout consistent .
Marshalling struct arguments .
While the c2hs documentation claims that there is a default marshaller if you have the following situation in C :
struct my_struct { int b ; int c ; } ; void frob_struct ( struct my_struct *) ;
and in Haskell :
data MyStruct = MyStruct Int Int instance Storable MyStruct where ... {#pointer * my_struct as MyStructPtr -> MyStruct #}
So you should be able to write :
{ #fun frob_struct as ^ { ` MyStruct ' } -> `( ) ' #}
Where , the input marshaller is with * .
Unfortunately , I could never get that to work ; furthermore , c2hs thinks that with is a reserved word , so you 'll need to rename it in order to use it .
withT = with {#fun copy_struct as ^ { withT * ` MyStruct ' } -> `( ) ' #}
Opaque pointer arguments .
When you do n't want to perform any tomfoolery on a pointer when in Haskell , you can simply specify that the pointer is the argument and use id as the marshaller .
In the previous example , copy_struct could have alternately been defined as :
{ #fun copy_struct as ^ { id ` MyStructPtr ' } -> `( ) ' #}
A convention is to omit Ptr from the name of the pointer type if you are only dealing with opaque pointers .
Out marshalling input arguments .
A frequent pattern in C code is using pointer arguments to permit a function to return multiple results .
For example , strtol has the following signature :
long int strtol ( const char * nptr , char ** endptr , int base ) ;
endptr points to a pointer which will get set to the pointer at the end of the portion of the string in nptr we parsed .
If we do n't care about it , we can set endptr = NULL .
Obviously , we do n't want our Haskell function to do this , and we have much easier ways of returning multiple results with tuples , so c2hs has a notion of an outmarshaller for an input argument .
It also has the notion of a “ fake ” input argument which the user does n't have to pass , in case our function is completely responsible for allocating the memory the pointer we pass to the function points to .
Here 's a first attempt at writing a fun hook for strtol :
{ #fun strtol as ^ {id ` Ptr CChar ' , id ` Ptr ( Ptr CChar ) ' , ` I nt'} -> ` Int` #}
We 've eschewed the default string marshalling because otherwise endptr wo n't give us very interesting information .
This version is a carbon copy of the original .
To improve this , we consider Ptr ( Ptr CChar ) to be a way of returning Ptr CChar .
So , after the function is run , we should peek ( dereference the pointer ) and return the result :
{ #fun strtol as ^ {id ` Ptr CChar ' , withT* ` Ptr CChar ' peek* , ` I nt'} -> ` Int ' #}
peek is in IO , so it needs the asterisk , but for out marshallers it does n't result in any fancy bracketing usage .
Now , the Haskell return type of this function is not Int ; it 's ( Int , Ptr CChar ) .
strtol :: Ptr CChar -> Ptr CChar ->
Int -> IO ( Int , Ptr CChar ) strtol a 1 a 2 a 3 = let { a1 ' = id a 1} in withT a2 $ \ a2 ' -> let { a3 ' = cIntConv a 3} in strtol '_ a 1 ' a 2 ' a 3 ' >>= \res -> peek a 2 ' >>= \a2 '' -> let {res ' = cIntConv res} in return ( res ' , a 2 ' ' )
Since we 're overwriting the original contents of the pointer , it does n't make much since to force the user of our function to pass it to us .
We can suffix our input marshaller with - to indicate that it's not a real Haskell argument , and use alloca instead :
{ #fun strtol as ^ {id ` Ptr CChar ' , alloca- ` Ptr CChar ' peek* , ` I nt'} -> ` Int ' #}
Notice that we got rid of the * ; it 's one or the other .
Now we have a usable function :
strtol :: Ptr CChar ->
Int -> IO ( Int , Ptr CChar ) strtol a 1 a 3 = let { a1 ' = id a 1} in alloca $ \ a2 ' -> let { a3 ' = cIntConv a 3} in strtol '_ a 1 ' a 2 ' a 3 ' >>= \res -> peek a 2 ' >>= \a2 '' -> let {res ' = cIntConv res} in return ( res ' , a 2 ' ' )
or , in idiomatic Haskell :
strtol nptr base = alloca $ \endptr -> do result <- strtol '_ nptr endptr ( cIntconv base ) end <- peek endptr return ( result , end )
Yeah , we are too ...
I mean , really .
How many times were you ready to pick something up only to have an iPad inconveniently be in your hand ?
Well , now the convenience of pockets meets the convenience of being fully clothed –all while owning an iPad !
Think about it !
Think and then buy a shirt with a huge pocket sewn in !
Why not ?
Amirite ?
... and we ’s gots about two sizes !
Our comprehensive cyber security services not only help businesses to assess , build and manage their cyber security capabilities , but also enable them to respond to incidents and crisis .
Toronto ’s bicycle policy is no policy at all ; it ’s a series of half - measures that add up to little .
The latest example , the much loathed bike lanes on Jarvis St. , finally came to pass this week after years of rancorous debate .
The new lanes begin at Charles St. in the north and end , as abruptly as they begin , on Queen St. to the south .
In other words , the new lanes are all but useless to anyone who happens to be travelling anywhere above or below that particular stretch of Jarvis .
The new lanes do connect with others that run along Wellesley , Carlton and Gerrard ; the failure , of course , is that they do n’t connect with either Bloor St. or the waterfront .
Yet in their way , the Jarvis lanes tell the story of a city that pretends to be committed to the bicycle as an alternative means of urban transportation , but is anything but .
Instead , city officials have responded with rhetoric about the War on the Car .
If only .
Rather than build a cycling network that would enable riders to reach all parts of the city , we have a hodge - podge of rules , regulations and lanes that probably make a bad situation worse .
And please , do n’t trot out the old argument that the city is just too poor to install lanes .
As civic expenses go , bike lanes rank among the cheapest but would provide the biggest bang for the buck .
Compared to Montreal and New York , let alone cities in Holland and Sweden , Toronto has fallen well behind .
If our fear of bikes is any indication , Toronto has become a city terrified of change .
Certainly our leaders are ; politicians and bureaucrats treat two - wheelers as if they represented a threat to peace , order and good government .
According to them , bikes — and pedestrians — are always in the way ; they slow traffic , create congestion , make drivers nervous , and take up space in roads meant for cars .
The bike lobby , now comprised of consensus builders not road warriors , is willing to settle for crumbs the city offers .
It ’s a start , they argue , and something we can work with .
That may be true , but in the meantime it ’s getting ever harder to maintain the illusion of Toronto as a progressive world city .
Indeed , despite our relative youth , we have grown paunchy , middle - aged and set in our ways .
The truth of that can be seen in the line - up for the current mayoral race .
And let ’s be clear , real bike lanes are n’t lines painted on asphalt , but routes separated from vehicular traffic by concrete curbs .
Just as important , they must form a network that allows cyclists convenient access to all corners of the city .
The piecemeal system now in place leaves us with the worst of both worlds .
“ We should finish it or shut it , ” argues veteran cyclist and lawyer Alan Heisey .
“ These discontinuities are dangerous .
Most bike lanes now are used as lay - bys for parking .
There ’s no enforcement on anti-parking laws .
I understand why most Torontonians do n’t ride bikes .
Bikes do n’t belong on the streets of Toronto and everyone knows it . ”
And as Heisey also notes , “ The world has changed .
But Toronto still does n’t address the needs of people who want to live a little more environmentally . ”
Those who hope the whole cycling thing will disappear should know it ’s here to stay .
Twenty or 30 years from now , there will be as many bikes as cars on the streets of Toronto , if not more .
It ’s that simple .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Even if tomorrow never comes , the future has arrived .
Christopher Hume can be reached at chume@thestar.ca
After more than two decades on the CTV Calgary anchor desk , Barb Higgins signed off for the last time Thursday night .
Higgins made the announcement with co-anchor Darrel Janz on the CTV News at 6 .
Higgins and Janz have anchored the News at 6 since March 5 , 1989 .
Their 21 years of work on the anchor desk earned them the title of the longest serving anchor team in Canada .
Together , they have delivered nearly five thousand newscasts to Calgary viewers .
" We often joked our relationship is like a marriage and he will always hold a beautiful place in my heart .
As will everyone at CTV , " says Higgins .
Higgins has won numerous awards during her time at CTV and has written and produced a number of documentaries and features on topics ranging from the situation facing homeless Calgarians to profiling the fight of a former Calgary firefighter to get benefits from the Workers Compensation Board .
" I would like to thank Calgarians for trusting me and welcoming me into their living rooms – and their lives .
It 's been an incredible honour to be part of the CTV family , " says Higgins .
CTV Calgary Director of News and Public Affairs Kelly Johnston says Higgins will be missed .
" Every day that Barb has been on the desk for CTV , she has used her journalistic skills to enhance our audience 's understanding of each and every story .
Her passion for news and story telling has been inspiring . "
CTV says a decision on Higgins ' replacement will be made at a future time
For his Record Club series , Beck gathers friends together to cover an entire album in a day , then posts the results to his website .
So far , the Record Club choices have come from canonical or at least critically respected artists : the Velvet Underground , Skip Spence , INXS , Leonard Cohen .
But now Beck and friends have made their first batshit - ass crazy selection : Live at the Acropolis , the 1993 album from mustachioed Greek new age composer Yanni .
As previously reported , Beck has enlisted Thurston Moore and Tortoise in his latest Record Club endeavor .
( There 's something weirdly appropriate about the idea of Tortoise covering Yanni . )
The first track , " Santorini " , is up now , with a new track to be posted every week on Beck 's website throughout the summer .
Tortoise do n't appear on " Santorini " ; they wo n't show up until later in the album .
Beck 's website reports that " several studio musician heavyweights were brought in to read a heavily doctored score with interpolations of everything from Stravinsky to Shania Twain ( look for others ) . "
While that 's happening , Beck runs around making noise and Thurston improvises new lyrics that , per Beck 's website , " give the track an added urgency and pathos . "
And since you asked , here 's a sampling of those new lyrics : " Roasted pigs !
Roasted pigs !
Oinkin ' oinkin ' oinkin ' to the night sky !
Orange orange disaster ! "
Below , you can watch Beck , Thurston , and friends take on " Santorini " .
For comparison 's sake , we 've also posted a video of the original -- part of a Yanni concert special that ran over and over on PBS in the mid 90s .
It 's going to be a weird summer .
In painting and general illustration , there are some basics everyone should know about composition .
Chief amongst these is the importance of a focal point .
A focal point is the primary focus of a picture , whether it ’s a person , object or simply an abstract portion of the image .
Humans have binocular , mammalian vision and our action of “ looking ” instinctively relies on focusing , not just seeing .
Unless we ’re looking at a magic eye 3D image , our eyes are only really comfortable with an image that has a clear focal point .
Once that ’s clear , we allow our eyes to wander and take in the other details .
Achieving a solid focal point is n’t terribly difficult .
A few tools that will help are contrast ( overall the most indispensable ) :
Complementary Colors ( a subset of contrast ) :
And overall structure :
However , these are the conventions of painting and illustration , which have somewhat different goals from comics .
Comics , even in a single panel , employ the art of the visual narrative , which means there are unique demands for guiding the reader ’s eye .
Having a single focal point can be enough for some panels or images , but oftentimes it ’s necessary for comics to employ multiple focal points in a single image to not only draw the eye in a meaningful , sequential fashion but also to heighten the reader ’s excitement and immersion in the story .
“ Sequential art ” does n’t just refer to a sequence of panels , individual images also lead the eye in a sequential manner .
There is a hierarchy of focal points that guide the reader through the visual narrative .
In the above panel from Family Man , we see the above “ focal point ” tools being used to create a nice frame , but from there the composition is divided further , first focusing on the man , and then to the woman .
A clear hierarchy within the visual sequence is established with some more advanced techniques .
Gazes moving from left to right :
In Western comics , panels and text are read from left to right , so it ’s in the best interest of the artist to take advantage of this natural habit of the reader ’s eye .
Unless forced to do otherwise , the reader is going to look at the top left corner of a comic image and move to the right .
A reader will also instinctively look in the direction a character is looking , and in this panel the artist is taking advantage of both of these habits .
We start on the man , who is looking at the woman , upon whom we then focus .
Framing :
There ’s a frame created by the books and bookshelf that keeps the eye from drifting downward .
This reinforces the previous technique of moving the eye from left to right .
( Notice too the slight dip in books near the woman ’s hand , drawing the eye to a third and softer focal point , ie : the letter ) .
Soft division through negative space :
What largely separates the two focal points is a low detail negative space , where the contrast is low and the eye does n’t linger .
It also creates a 3D triangle of sorts : if we were shooting lasers out of our eyes , they would start at the man , ricochet off the wall and hit the woman .
Primary and secondary contrast levels :
It ’s subtle , but the values surrounding the man are more contrasted than the woman .
This largely serves to reinforce the tools previously mentioned .
These types of techniques are also prevalent in the first image I showed , with Kimiko being the primary focus and her bag the secondary focus :
As you can see , the tools needed are slightly different , partially because of the larger colors used and other compositional requirements ( for example , the image with Kimiko has a more complicated frame because it uses a 3 - point perspective instead of 1 ) .
The point to take home is that there ’s no one way to make this work ; you may use some of these tools and not others , depending on what the image requires .
Additionally , it should be noted we ’re not limited to two focal points .
Depending on the comic , there could be more .
It all depends on what the visual narrative requires .
This is the key : no matter what the style , comics are a visual narrative .
If we establish a clear sequence of visual relevance , the reader ’s eye is active and their mind is engaged .
Pull them into your world and keep them for a while .
Disinterested means " impartial " or " not taking sides . "
( In other words , not having a personal interest at stake . )
Uninterested means " not interested . "
( In other words , not showing any interest . )
Correct : A good referee should be disinterested .
( He does not take sides . )
Incorrect :
He was disinterested in Jill 's hobby .
Correct :
He was uninterested in Jill 's hobby .
( He shows no interest . )
Complete Contents
Glossary
Grammar Contents
Internet scammers are taking full advantage of the fact that the World Cup is assured of high visibility across the planet through mid-July .
Symantec says 25 percent of all global e-mail spam is now related to the World Cup .
Creative e-mail spammers are getting the gullible to buy fake tickets , fake drugs and bogus designer goods using the soccer tourney as the initial attention grabber .
And in a variant of the infamous Nigerian 419 scams , some are even persuading victims to wire cash to supply electricity to light soccer pitches to be used in World Cup matches .
“ Right now , spammers are reliant on the massive wave of excitement and expectation that typically surrounds an event like the FIFA World Cup , ” says Paul Wood , senior analyst at Symantec MessageLabs .
“ Riding this wave , spammers get the attention of their victims by offering products for sale or enticing them to click on a link . ”
And it ’s not just the average blue - collar soccer fan who ’s at risk .
Shortly after the tourney got underway , Symantec MessageLabs intercepted 45 e-mails addressed to specific managers at Brazilian chemical , manufacturing and finance companies .
The attackers used World Cup - related ruses in an attempts to get the recipients to self - infect their PCs .
That would ’ve given the bad guys a foothold to drill deeper into the corporation ’s network , using the techniques Last WatchDog revealed in this investigative story .
FIFA , the organization running the tournament , is cautioning soccer fans around the world to be wary .
One popular hoax claims to award tickets to big matches as part of an official FIFA lottery — it is , in fact , a ruse to extract cash and personal information .
SMS attacks
And , as fan excitement builds , scammers in Australia have begun targeting victims via cell phone SMS text messages .
With the USA team surprisingly still in the hunt , security experts say they would n’t be surprised if World Cup texting scams spread to North America .
“ As the U.S. has qualified for the next round , people will get more and more excited about the World Cup , and scammers look for any opportunity to tie into something that carries with it a high level of current interest , ” says Chris Lennartz , vice president of product marketing at mobile security firm Airwide Solutions .
“ The fact that the US has advanced has led to an increasing interest level in the World Cup , and along with that the possibility of a threat grows . ”
Lennartz argues that mobile carriers — AT&T , T - Mobile , Verizon and others — are in “ critical position to combat these threats with antispam and fraud solutionsÃ¢â‚¬â € especially during major events like the World Cup . ”
Meanwhile , Ã‚Â he advises consumers to always report spam either to their respective carrier , or through specific reporting channels established by some carriers .
By Byron Acohido
June 26th , 2010 | Imminent threats | Top Stories
The Nintendo DS , much like the PlayStation Portable , is a system vexed by piracy .
The DSi XL has some protection against copied games , but it 's still a problem for Nintendo .
It seems , however , that the 3DS has some nifty new technologies to make sure that gamers come by their software legally .
" The problem with the DS market in the last few years , particularly with the DS Lite , is that it 's just been attacked by piracy .
It 's made it almost impossible to shift any significant volume .
The DSi combated it a little bit , but the 3DS has taken that a step further , " THQ's executive VP of global publishing Ian Curran told CVG .
Curran asked Nintendo to describe the technology , but was told the sophistication does n't lend itself well to short explanations .
Besides , any information on how exactly the hardware makes sure the games being played are legit would simply be used to try to crack the system ; we do n't expect any executive to wax poetic about the protection in any detail .
Still , this is a great comfort to publishers who want to make sure the 3DS is a good investment for development , as a high installed base is useless if piracy is rampant .
" It 's going to probably cost us more to do it all in 3D — so we want to make sure we get a return on our investment when we do it , " Curran said .
It 's an interesting cost - benefit issue : the 3D is more expensive , but if Nintendo moves a high number of systems — which seems likely — and can assure publishers piracy wo n't be a big factor , it should be a simple thing to build the system 's library .
Apparently the real “ Take your Daughter to Work ” Day is in April , so I ’m 3 months late with this strip .
Oh well !
RELATED :
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
BEIRUT - Lebanon said Wednesday that it will hold Israel responsible for any attack against blockade - busting aid ships planning to sail to Gaza in coming days .
Two ships carrying aid are planning to make the trip to Gaza .
Lebanese authorities have so far granted one of them permission to sail first to Cyprus and not directly to Gaza because Lebanon and Israel are technically at war .
A
Lebanese official said that Lebanon had sent a letter to the UN holding Israel responsible for any attack on the ships and that it cannot stop ships from leaving its ports if they comply with its law .
The official spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not allowed to speak to the media on the record .
Defense Minister Ehud Barak warned Beirut last week about boats setting sail for Gaza from Lebanon .
“ I am saying clearly to the Lebanese government , ” Barak said in a statement , “ you are responsible for vessels leaving your ports with the clear intention of trying to block the naval blockade of Gaza .
” Barak , reflecting serious concern about the boats that Israel has linked to Hizbullah activists , said Lebanon had a responsibility to prevent the boats from being loaded with arms and ammunition , “ which could lead to a violent and dangerous confrontation in the event that the boat refuses to come to Ashdod . ”
Guest Commentary by Chris Colose
One of the most intriguing and well - studied climatic events in the past is the Younger Dryas ( YD ) , a rather abrupt climate change between ~ 12.9 and 11.6 thousand years ago .
As the world was slowly warming and ice was retreating from the last glaciation , the YD effectively halted the transition to today ’s relatively warm , interglacial conditions in many parts of the world .
This event is associated with cold and dry conditions increasing with latitude in the North , temperature and precipitation influences on tropical and boreal wetlands , Siberian - like winters in much of the North Atlantic , weakening of monsoon intensity , and southward displacement of tropical rainfall patterns .
RealClimate has previously discussed the YD ( here and here ) however there have been a number of developments in recent years which deserve further attention , particularly with respect to the spatial characteristics and causes of the YD .
The YD is often discussed in the same context as the ‘ Dansgaard - Oeschger ’ events seen in the ice cores during full glacial conditions , and the ‘ Heinrich events ’ of layers of ice - rafted debris in North Atlantic ocean sediments .
Indeed , some people occasionally refer to the YD as Heinrich event 0 , but this implies that the YD cooling was caused by an ice - rafting event ( probably untrue ) and should be avoided .
The YD occurred last of several prominent and abrupt deglacial events including Heinrich Event 1 ( ~17.5 to 16 ka ) which is an event contained within the Older Dryas ( 18 to 14.7 ka ) , followed by the Bølling - Allerød warm period ( ~14.7 to 12.9 ka ) whose end then marks the start of the YD .
The end of the YD can be said to be the start of the Holocene .
It has been proposed that the warmings before and after the YD can be viewed as Dansgaard - Oeschger events with the YD just a regular cold ( i.e. stadial ) phase in between ( Rahmstorf 2002 , 2003 ) .
In Antarctica ( ~15 to 13 ka ) , the most featured event is that as the Younger Dryas begins , warming is occurring in Antarctica .
The cold period in Antarctica that precedes the Younger Dryas is referred to as the Antarctic Cold Reversal ( ACR ) ( see figure , from Shakun and Carlson , 2010 ) and was once thought to be in phase with the YD .
They are neither directly in phase nor anti-phased with one another ( see e.g. Steig and Alley , 2002 ) .
Fig .
1 . Deglacial ice core time series and insolation .
( a ) GISP2 δ 18O ( black step plot ) ( Blunier and Brook , 2001 ) .
( b ) Byrd δ 18O ( grey step plot ) ( Blunier and Brook , 2001 ) .
( c ) Insolation ( Incoming Solar Radiation ) for 60 ºN on June 21 ( black line ) and for 60 ºS on December 21 ( dashed black line ) ( Berger and Loutre , 1991 ) .
The timing of the Younger Dryas ( YD ) , Bølling / Allerød ( B/A ) , Heinrich Event 1 ( H1 ) , Oldest Dryas ( OD ) and Antarctic Cold Reversal
( ACR ) are denoted .
Unlike changes in global temperature ( such as modern day global warming ) which can be understood as a result of perturbations to the planetary energy balance , the millennial - scale climate changes during the last glaciation are viewed primarily from the lens of internal dynamics , including ice retreat and re-organizations of ocean circulation .
They are not dominated by changes in global mean temperature but rather changes in temperature distribution , explained by changes in oceanic or atmospheric heat transport .
In particular , proxies of deepwater formation show large reductions in the Atlantic meridional overturning circulation ( AMOC ) coincident with the start of the YD .
This suggested weakening of overturning circulation provides immense explanatory power for the onset of the YD although no consensus has emerged concerning the trigger of the AMOC reduction .
There are some radiative changes associated with millennial - scale climate change induced by the ice - albedo effect , extra dust loading out of Asia during cold snaps , as well as greenhouse gas feedbacks – although they are relatively small .
However , pinning down the exact sequence of causes and effects is rather difficult since precise chronologies and global - scale reconstructions are difficult to come by prior to the Holocene .
A new study though ( Shakun and Carlson , 2010 ) has compiled over 100 high - resolution proxy records to characterize the timing and extent of the Last Glacial Maximum ( LGM ) and the deglacial evolution into the Holocene , including the shorter - lived Younger Dryas .
Several of the key features of the study include :
The global mean cooling of the LGM relative to the peak of our current interglacial is approximately 5 ºC as a minimum value .
It is likely larger than this since many of the records are from the ocean which are typically less sensitive to temperature change than landmasses , and further , adiabatic cooling of marine air advected over land masses would result from the ~ 120 m reduction in sea level .
The cooling is global in scale and largest at high latitudes , as expected from polar amplification .
In contrast , during the YD , there is much more spatial heterogeneity as the North became colder and drier ( increasing with latitude ) while the South became warmer and wetter in the opposite sense .
The global mean cooling during the YD is only ~ 0.6 ºC .
The tropics cooled by 2.5ºC ( with an error of about a degree in either direction ) at the LGM , yet exhibited very little temperature change during the YD .
Thus , while the YD was a global scale climate change event with widespread signatures , it was not a widespread global cooling event .
Fig .
2 . Magnitude of the glacial - interglacial temperature change relative to absolute latitude .
( Shakun and Carlson 2010 ) Fig.
3 . Magnitude of the Younger Dryas temperature change .
Map of the Younger Dryas temperature anomaly ( a ) .
Circle denotes the size of the temperature change .
Blue is cooling , red warming ( Shakun and Carlson 2010 ) .
The timing of the LGM and peak interglacial is synchronized between hemispheres on orbital timescales , which the authors attribute primarily to the global radiative forcing provided by CO 2 .
As has been noted in the past , the CO 2 lags the onset of deglaciation in most records , as this is paced by summer insolation changes .
However the CO 2 still acts as the dominant temperature - change influence throughout the deglacial period and provides an effective means to communicate temperature anomalies to the tropics .
On the other hand , the YD exhibits the well - known bipolar see - saw effect which involves a reduction in northward heat transport , which warms the South .
The see - saw is best expressed in the mid to high latitudes , although the see - saw model is a poor descriptor for the tropical variability .
The see - saw effect during millennial - scale climate changes has been confirmed before ( also discussed at RealClimate in the context of the somewhat similar Dansgaard - Oeshger events ) and is consistent with modeling efforts of the climate evolution during the last deglaciation , including Liu et al. , 2009 ( discussed here ) who show that current state - of - the - art models can simulate the magnitude of abrupt climate changes well .
So what caused the reduction in the AMOC ?
The most prevalent concept for slowing AMOC involves a reduction in the surface water density at the ocean surface via adding freshwater into the ocean .
The preferred location is primarily the North Atlantic , which is a key point for deep ocean convection .
The original idea for this to cause a YD - event was proposed in 1976 by Johnson and McClure , and involved the opening of eastern Lake Agassiz outlet via northward retreat of the Laurentide Ice Sheet out of Lake Superior .
This re-routed drainage from the Mississippi to the St. Lawrence River .
There is a difference between the diversion of continental runoff from the Mississippi River ( routing ) and the relatively fast pro-glacial lake drainage to a new level ( flooding ) .
In contrast to the Johnson and McClure paper , many recent studies have focused on short - lived floods , although the re-routing mechanism might be a necessary , and in fact primary ingredient ( Carlson et al. , 2007 ; Carlson and Clark , 2008 ) in accord with modeling studies which require a persistent forcing to substantially alter AMOC ( Meissner and Clark , 2006 ) .
Evidence of a specific flood water pathway at the right time has proven to be elusive .
No clear evidence exists for a flood event into the Atlantic , though evidence discussed by Murton et al. ( 2010 ) for an Arctic pathway has recently emerged .
There has also been interest in the prospect of a comet impact during the YD triggering a flood ( e.g. , Firestone et al. , 2007 discussed previously at RC ) although subsequent work has suggested that their results are not robust ( Surovell et al. , 2009 ) , and it is likely that the impacts a comet would have on atmospheric chemistry , particularly the formation of nitrate and ammonium , is inconsistent with observations in ice core records ( Melott et al. , 2010 ) .
Further , the problem with a comet impact still remains — how could it generate a continuous freshwater forcing ?
Because of dicey evidence and no predictive ability , the comet hypothesis has not gained much favour .
Recently another hypothesis has been put forward : The Younger Dryas , instead of being a freak occurrence , is instead a key ( and normal ) part of the deglaciation process .
This was most clearly expressed in a new paper by Broecker et al ( 2010 ) ( including George Denton and Richard Alley ) .
Their main point is that a catastrophic flood or comet would only serve as a trigger for an event that was already primed to happen .
Evidence for this comes primarily for the existence of YD - like events during previous deglaciations , notably from Chinese stalagmite data ( Cheng et al. , 2009 ) who looked at monsoon patterns in the past .
In particular , a YD - like event shows up during Termination III ( ~ 245 ka ) and possibly Termination IV , which share similar characteristics to the YD .
The finding of many events with characteristics like the YD further provides evidence against the necessity of comet - impact hypothesis .
However , this concept does n’t negate the need to understand the mechanisms for the YD or its potential predecessors .
Whether it was primed to happen or not , what actually happened and how is still of great interest .
Broecker et al ( 2010 ) cite Lowell et al ( 2005 ) and Fisher et al ( 2008 ) to justify their reason for why the flood hypothesis is unappealing , but further work done by Carlson et al. ( 2007 ) , Carlson and Clark ( 2008 ) , and Carlson et al. ( 2009 ) provides newer support for the re-routing hypothesis .
Furthermore , while Broecker et al. emphasize the lack of evidence for a catastrophic event , if the slower re-routing hypothesis is correct , then the lack of evidence for a sudden flood is irrelevant .
This may very well be the mechanism that is common to previous deglacial events .
The existence of events similar to the YD in the more distant past has been proposed before ( Carlson , 2008 ) .
By analyzing paleo - methane concentrations , Carlson ( 2008 ) also noted that events similar to the YD happened during T III and possibly earlier deglaciations ( see figure , from Broecker et al 2010 ) .
Fig .
4 . Major events surrounding Termination III .
( A ) shows Vostok temperature deviation ( purple ) and CH 4 ( blue ) records ( Suwa and Bender , 2008 ) .
( B ) shows EPICA / Dome C ( EDC ) δD ( orange ) and CH 4 ( blue ) records ( Loulergue et al. , 2008 ) .
( C ) is the Vostok CO 2 record ( Petit et al. , 1999 ) .
( D ) is the absolute - dated Asian Monsoon record from Sanbao Cave , China ( Cheng et al. , 2006 ) .
( E ) and ( F ) show IRD and inferred seawater δ 18O records from marine core ODP - 980 ( McManus et al. , 1999 ) .
Both Vostok and EDC timescale were shifted in order to correlate the abrupt jump of the last portion of CH4 in ice cores to the abrupt monsoon jump in panel ( D ) ( Cheng et al. , 2009 ) .
The ODP - 980 records are on original timescales .
Two Weak Monsoon Intervals ( WMI ) are marked by yellow background .
Termination III events , analogous to the YD , B/A , ACR and MI are labeled : YD III , B/A III , ACR III and MI - III .
Figure is simplified from that in Cheng et al. ( 2009 ) .
( For interpretation of the references to colour in this figure legend , the reader is referred to the web version of this article ) .
As a conclusion , over the last couple of years , there has now been growing evidence that an event similar to the YD is not “ unique ” but instead is a common theme across various deglacial events ; this provides evidence against the necessity for a “ catastrophic trigger , ” and while it may be the case that a comet or some other catastrophe occurs at each termination , that seems improbable .
References
Broecker , W.S. , Denton G.H. , Edwards L.R. , Cheng H. , Alley R.B. , Putnam A.E. , 2010 .
Putting the Younger Dryas cold event into context .
Quaternary Science Reviews , 29 , 1078 - 1081
Carlson , A.E. , 2008 .
Why there was not a Younger Dryas - like event during the Penultimate Deglaciation : Quaternary Science Reviews , v. 27 , p. 882-887
Carlson , A.E. , and Clark , P.U. , 2008 .
Rapid climate change and Arctic Ocean freshening : Comment : Geology , v. 36 , p. e177
Carlson , A.E. , Clark , P.U. , and Hostetler , S.W. , 2009 .
Comment : Radiocarbon deglaciation chronology of the Thunder Bay , Ontario area and implications for ice sheet retreat patterns : Quaternary Science Reviews , v. 28
Cheng , H. , Edwards , R.L. , Broecker , W.S. , Denton , G.H. , Kong , X. , Wang , Y. , Zhang , R. , and Wang , X. , 2009 .
Ice Age Terminations : Science , v. 326 , p. 248–252
Firestone , R.B. , et al. , 2007 .
Evidence for an extraterrestrial impact 12,900 years ago that contributed to the megafaunal extinctions and the Younger Dryas cooling : Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America , v. 104 , p. 16016–16021
Fisher , T.G. , Yansa , C.H. , Lowell , T.V. , Lepper , K. , Hajdas , I. , Ashworth , A. , 2008 .
The chronology , climate , and confusion of the Moorehead Phase of glacial Lake Agassiz : new results from the Ojata Beach , North Dakota .
Quaternary Science Reviews , 27 , 1124 –1135
Johnson , R.G. , McClure , B.T. , 1976 .
A model for Northern Hemisphere continental ice sheet variation .
Quaternary Research 6 , 325–353
Liu , Z. , Otto - Bliesner , B. , He , F. , Brady , E. , Thomas , R. , Clark , P.U. , Carlson , A.E. , Lynch - Stieglitz , J. , Curry , W. , Brook , E. , Erickson , D. , Jacob , R. , Kutzbach , J. , and Chen , J. , 2009 .
Transient Climate Simulation of Last Deglaciation with a New Mechanism for Bølling - Allerød Warming : Science , v. 325 , p. 310-314
Lowell , T.V. , Waterson , N. , Fisher , T. , Loope , H. , Glover , K. , Comer , G. , Hajdas , I. , Denton , G. , Schaefer , J. , Rinterknecht , V. , Broecker , W. , and Teller , J. , 2005 , Testing the Lake Agassiz meltwater trigger for the Younger Dryas : EOS ( Transactions , American Geophysical Union ) , v. 86 , p. 365–373
Meissner , K.J. , and Clark , P.U. , 2006 .
Impact of floods versus routing events on the thermohaline circulation : Geophysical Research Letters , v. 33 , L15704
Melott , A.L. , Thomas , B.C. , Dreschhoff , G. , and Johnson , C.K. , 2010 .
Cometary airbursts and atmospheric chemistry : Tunguska and a candidate Younger Dryas event , Geology , v. 38 , 355–358
Murton J.B. , Bateman M.D. , Dallimore S.R. , Teller J.T. , Yang Z. , 2010 .
Identification of Younger Dryas outburst flood path from Lake Agassiz to the Arctic Ocean , Nature , 464 , 740-743
Shakun , J.D. , and Carlson , A.E. , 2010 .
A Global Perspective On Last Glacial Maximum to Holocene Climate Change : Quaternary Science Reviews .
Steig , E.J. , and Alley , R.B. Phase relationships between Antarctic and Greenland climate records .
Annals of Glaciology 35 : 451-456 ( 2002 ) .
A mobile taco stand owner shot and killed a man he said stole a tip jar from his truck last weekend .
The shooting happened in the 8300 block of La Porte Road about 2:45 a.m. Saturday , police said .
A COALITION government would overturn Labor 's ban on full fees for Australian undergraduates , clearing the way for universities to offer places for a price to students who missed out on publicly subsidised places on academic merit .
Coalition education spokesman Christopher Pyne said fees from Australian students had been a ' ' vitally important source of revenue ' ' for universities , denied them '' for purely ideological reasons ' ' .
Bob Hawke accompanies Darren Cheeseman on the hustings in Corrangamite .
Credit : Barefoot Media
'' It is absurd that … students from overseas are able to access Australian universities , and pay full fees for doing so , but there 's no percentage of Australian students that are entitled to do the same thing , '' Mr Pyne told The Age .
'' Australian students are being discriminated against in favour of overseas students .
( Via Cerpn @ Google Reader . )
Kids around the country are getting high on the internet , thanks to MP3s that induce a state of ecstasy .
And it could be a gateway drug leading teens to real - world narcotics .
At least , that ’s what Kansas News 9 is reporting about a phenomenon called “ i- dosing , ” which involves finding an online dealer who can hook you up with “ digital drugs ” that get you high through your headphones .
And officials are taking it seriously .
Kids are going to flock to these sites just to see what it is about and it can lead them to other places , Oklahoma Bureau of Narcotics and Dangerous Drugs spokesman Mark Woodward told News 9 .
I - dosing involves donning headphones and listening to “ music ” — largely a droning noise — which the sites peddling the sounds promise will get you high .
Teens are listening to such tracks as “ Gates of Hades , ” which is available on YouTube gratis ( yes , the first one is always free ) .
Those who want to get addicted to the drugs can purchase tracks that will purportedly bring about the same effects of marijuana , cocaine , opium and peyote .
While street drugs rarely come with instruction manuals , potential digital drug users are advised to buy a 40 - page guide so that they learn how to properly get high on MP3s .
Oklahoma ’s Mustang Public
School district is n’t taking the threat lightly , and sent out a letter to parents warning them of the new craze .
The educators have gone so far as to ban iPods at school , in hopes of preventing honor students from becoming cyber - drug fiends , News 9 reports .
— Ryan Singel , Threat Level ( 2010 -07 - 14 ) : Report : Teens Using Digital Drugs to Get High
So no , in case you were wondering , there is no bottom to this cognitive barrel : absolutely no drug panic so flimsily contrived that narcocratic
Officials wo n’t use it as an opportunity to issue breathless press statements pleading for greater social control , or so obviously manufactured and transparently idiotic that the responsible gatekeepers of the newsmedia wo n’t gravely report about the Alarming New Trend , the worried reactions of Concerned Parents & Teachers , and the pressing need for Officials and Concerned Parents to be even more proactive in freaking the hell out , obsessively spying on their sons ’ and daughters ’ pastimes , taking away teenagers ’ possessions , and controlling teenagers ’ behavior .
It ’s not just that you do n’t need to demonstrate that anybody is suffering , or even could possibly suffer , any kind of physical harm .
The drug scare does n’t need to involve any actual drugs ; apparently it does n’t even need to involve a physical substance .
Or anything but the most tangential connection to basic facts of human physiology .
A drug scare story without any drugs nicely distils the one really important feature of every drug scare story : all that you need to work up an adult panic is to find enough teenagers in one place ( one or two on YouTube will do ) who are trying to convince themselves that they ’re having a good time without an adult ’s prior approval — if some teenager somewhere is experiencing pleasure , never mind the cause , that alone is reason enough to call the narcs and issue yet another story leading off
As if parents of teenagers do n’t have enough to worry about …
So here , we find a whole gang of Responsible Adults holding positions of community authority — professional narcs , journalists , teachers and parents — all of them freaking the hell out because some teenagers somewhere might be trying to convince themselves that they ’re having a good time listening to MP3s of binaural beat meditation music .
A new craze ?
Sure , evidently there is a craze going on here .
But who is it that ’s acting crazed ?
The politics of fear are the most dangerous mind - altering substance on the market .
, one of the stars of ’s recently releasedis listed as “ interested ” in the role of The Riddler in the upcoming sequel to .
Call it just another rumor , but that ’s exactly what guys from FirstShowing found out from a “ reliable inside source ” .
So , Mr. Edward Nygma , or The Riddler is “ the character that first appeared in Detective Comics in 1948 .
He is obsessed with riddles , puzzles , and word games .
He delights in forewarning both Batman and the police of his capers by sending them complex clues .
With this self - conscious use of a gimmick , the Riddler ’s crimes are flamboyant and ostentatious .
The character is often depicted as wearing a domino mask either with a green suit and bowler hat , or a green unitard .
A black or purple question mark serves as his visual motif .
” Now , it looks that he is included in a casting grid for Nolan ’s third Batman film .
We had a chance to hear those Riddler rumors for a while , and Gordon - Levitt has been named alongside those rumors since his appearance in director ’s Inception .
Back in June , Nolan admitted that his brother Jonathan was still “ working on the screenplay , ” though he said nothing about who the villain would be .
As usual , with every new update , we ’ll be back !
THE GOVERNMENT has moved to block a European Commission initiative to allow the transfer to Israel and storage there of sensitive personal data on European citizens .
The intervention by Minister for Justice Dermot Ahern reflects “ profound concern ” over transfers being made following the use of eight fake Irish passports by the alleged Israeli assassins of Hamas operative Mahmoud al - Mabhouh .
Dubai police have accused Israel ’s intelligence agency Mossad of orchestrating the killing using fraudulent British , French , German and Australian passports along with the fake Irish passports .
Israel has neither confirmed nor denied involvement .
The commission wanted European governments to approve a declaration that the EU recognises Israeli data protection standards as being sufficient to allow member states to transfer such personal data to Israel .
Two days ago , however , Irish officials called for the termination of the procedure under which EU governments were to endorse the commission ’s declaration .
Without such a declaration , the transfer of personal data to Israel is prohibited .
“ It may well be the case that Israel provides data protections which meet EU standards , ” said a spokesman for Mr Ahern .
“ But the Minister believes the EU committee has to take very serious account of the forgery of EU passports – including Irish ones – by Israel in recent months .
“ Personal data provided innocently to Israeli officials by Irish citizens was used in forging passports .
Other EU countries , particularly the UK , had similar experiences and that is a matter of the gravest concern . ”
The Government , which last month expelled an official from the Israeli embassy in Dublin as a result of the affair , believes the data used in the forged Irish documents was gleaned from the official inspection of travellers ’ passports .
Because of its formal objection to the declaration , EU governments will be asked to debate the issue in a committee that deals with protection of personal data .
The commission sought to push ahead with the declaration by way of a written procedure after a meeting of the committee where there was no quorum .
Under the “ silence ” procedure in question , the decision to make the declaration would have taken effect automatically if no member state had raised an objection by Tuesday ’s deadline .
“ There will now have to be a full hearing of the proposal at the . . . committee where Ireland will be able to voice our profound concerns at such a proposal , ” Mr Ahern ’s spokesman said .
The intervention reflects serious concern in Government circles that any formal decision by the EU to declare itself satisfied with the standards of data protection in Israel would be sensitive politically .
This would be difficult for the public to understand , the Government believes .
Although Garda and Passport Office investigations discovered “ no additional evidence ” linking the forged Irish passports to Israel , the Government concluded that an official Israeli agency was responsible for the “ misuse and , most likely , the manufacture ” of the forged Irish passports .
Creepy / Weird Images
It 's insanely easy to photoshop aliens and ghosts into pictures these days .
Here are some creepy pictures that I actually think are still bizarre despite the photoshop .
Preparing for faster filling Following the programmed technical stop last week , operators focussed on preparing the machine for faster filling , which includes multibunch injection and a faster pre-cycle phase .
The LHC1 screen shot during the first multibunch injection operation .
At the end of last week , all the machines were handed back for operation and work could start on accommodating all the changes made into the complex systems in order for normal operation to be resumed .
These ‘ recovery ’ operations continued through the weekend and into this week .
At the beginning of this week , operators succeeded in producing four bunches and sending them to the LHC in the same SPS cycle , thus reducing the time needed to fill the accelerator .
On Tuesday , using this scheme for the first time , 25 bunches were injected in each direction ( 50 in total in the machine ) .
However , this scheme has yet to be brought up to the necessary conditions for physics .
An important change that experts have implemented during the last technical stops now allows the current in the magnets to be changed at the nominal rate of 10 Amps/s ( instead of 2 Amps / s ) .
The operations team has this week applied this faster rate to the pre-cycle phase of the LHC cycle , which will allow faster turnaround of the machine between physics fills .
Before the technical stop the time needed for the pre-cycle was about one and a half hours .
This same operation is now about 30 minutes quicker .
On the night of Thursday 29 July , the LHC was filled with 25 bunches per beam ( 16 colliding pairs per experiment ) .
This should increase the integrated luminosity per day by a factor of 2 .
The LHC operational schedule incorporates a technical stop for preventive maintenance roughly every six weeks of stable operation , during which several interventions on the various machines are carried out .
Last week these included the replacement of a faulty magnet in the SPS pre-accelerator , which required the subsequent re-setting of the system of particle extraction and transfer to the LHC .
At the end of last week , all the machines were handed back for operation and work could start on accommodating all the changes made into the complex systems in order for normal operation to be resumed .
These ‘ recovery ’ operations continued through the weekend and into this week .
At the beginning of this week , operators succeeded in producing four bunches and sending them to the LHC in the same SPS cycle , thus reducing the time needed to fill the accelerator .
On Tuesday , using this scheme for the first time , 25 bunches were injected in each direction ( 50 in total in the machine ) .
However , this scheme has yet to be brought up to the necessary conditions for physics .
An important change that experts have implemented during the last technical stops now allows the current in the magnets to be changed at the nominal rate of 10 Amps/s ( instead of 2 Amps / s ) .
The operations team has this week applied this faster rate to the pre-cycle phase of the LHC cycle , which will allow faster turnaround of the machine between physics fills .
Before the technical stop the time needed for the pre-cycle was about one and a half hours .
This same operation is now about 30 minutes quicker .
On the night of Thursday 29 July , the LHC was filled with 25 bunches per beam ( 16 colliding pairs per experiment ) .
This should increase the integrated luminosity per day by a factor of 2 .
by CERN Bulletin
The American live - action medical television series House and Osamu Tezuka 's classic medical manga / anime Black Jack are joining forces to promote the Japanese DVD rental launch of House 's fourth season on August 4 . Dr. House ( played by British actor Hugh Laurie ) and Black Jack will appear together in a television commercial , which will be the first collaboration between an overseas live - action television series and a Tezuka anime .
Geneon Universal Entertainment is the DVD distributor of House in Japan , where it is known as Dr. House .
Geneon Universal pitched the concept to Tezuka Productions , who readily agreed .
The " Taiketsu " ( Showdown ) commercial will launch on the CS satellite television system 's Fox channel on August 4 .
In the commercial , the two maverick doctors face off to see who has the best skills .
Source : Sankei Sports
Image © 2007 Universal Studios
© Tezuka Productions , Black Jack Committee
Hamas fighter killed in Israel air strikes on Gaza Published duration 31 July 2010
image caption Several Israeli missiles struck targets in central Gaza and Gaza City late on Friday
Israeli air strikes on the Gaza Strip have killed a Hamas fighter and wounded several other people .
Missiles struck central Gaza and Gaza City late on Friday ; tunnels on the strip 's southern border were also hit .
The strikes came after a rocket fired from the coastal enclave by militants earlier on Friday hit the Israeli city of Ashkelon on the Mediterranean coast .
That attack caused no casualties but damaged a building and cars in the city , 12 km ( 7 miles ) north of Gaza .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu earlier said he took the rocket attack on Ashkelon - which has a population of 125,000 - " very seriously " .
The city 's mayor said the attack was the most serious since Israel ended an offensive against the Gaza Strip in January 2009 .
Reduced violence
Hamas - the Islamist group which controls the territory - named the dead militant as Issa Batran , 42 - a commander of the group 's military wing in central Gaza and a rocket maker .
The military wing , the al - Qassam Brigades , said eight other Hamas supporters and three civilians were also injured in air strikes on a Hamas military training camp in Gaza City , smuggling tunnels along the Gaza - Egypt border and a target outside a central Gaza refugee camp .
The group said it would avenge the killing .
Israel 's military confirmed the air strikes and said they came in response to the Ashkelon attack .
Rocket fire from Gaza has reduced in the past year after Hamas reined in attacks , but sporadic fire from other militant groups continues .
Correspondents say such attacks are almost always ineffective , with rockets mostly landing in open fields .
One Thai farmer in Israel has been killed in the past year .
Every great rap group has one MC who is -- possibly unfairly -- perceived to be slightly lesser than the other .
DMC . Parrish Smith .
Malice .
Pimp C , at least up until he died .
Big Boi's been on that list ever since André Benjamin started rocking pith helmets and neckerchiefs .
Big Boi's not underrated , exactly ; everyone who knows rap knows he 's a great rapper .
It 's more that he 's taken for granted .
Virtually every OutKast review of the past decade and a half has posited Big Boi as the earthy , street - level anchor to André 's spaced - out visionary , the guy responsible for securing the group 's cred when André was trying to invent new colors .
Expect Sir Lucious Left Foot to change those conversations .
We have n't heard a major - label rap album this inventive , bizarre , joyous , and masterful in a long time , and it 's almost impossible to imagine André putting out a solo album this strong anytime soon .
At this point , Big Boi has every right to indulge in the bitter - old - man invective that 's tempted so many other rappers of his generation .
Even though he's half of one of the most successful groups ever , Big Boi has had to go through years of release - date delays and label drama ( some of the topical lyrics here sound like they were written years ago ) , until he finally left longtime home Jive just so he could release a damn solo album already .
Label machinations kept André 's voice from even appearing on Sir Lucious Left Foot -- heartbreaking when you think about André 's jaw - dropping display on the early advance single " Royal Flush " .
But instead of letting these setbacks infect his music , Big Boi 's made an album that explodes with ideas at every turn , that glides and twitches and mutates with delirious urgency .
Musically , the album drips with 1980s synth - funk signifiers .
The keyboards glimmer as they roam , and talkboxes mutter and blurt .
But these tracks are n't the stoned miasmas that someone like Dâm - Funk cranks out .
Instead , they 're itchy and fleet - footed .
New melodic elements flit in and out of tracks just as you start to notice them , and there 's a lot going on at any given moment .
Consider , for example , album closer " Back Up Plan " .
The track , from old comrades Organized Noize , finds room for cheerleader chants , disembodied grunts , a weird little synth whistle , processed funk guitar , orchestra hits , frantic scratching , a lowdown wobbling bassline , and probably some other stuff that I 'm missing -- and this is one of the most laid - back songs on the entire album .
Every once in a while , we 'll get a nod toward some current trend , but these are n't market capitulations ; they 're more opportunities to play with what the kids are doing now .
" Follow Us " , for example , has a generic rock - dude chorus from Vonnegutt , and virtually any other rapper would 've built a hackneyed half - rock song out of a chorus like that , but producer Salaam Remi instead piles bubbly synthetic melodies all over each other .
And the robo-voices on " Shutterbugg " are n't airy Auto - Tune ; they 're more of a deep rumble that you can feel in your gut .
" Tangerine " somehow simultaneously sounds like strip - club ass - shake material and Funkadelic covering Morricone .
Looking at the production credits , it 's surprising to see names like Scott Storch and Lil Jon -- hitmakers who do n't really make hits anymore , and who have n't been all that interesting in a while .
So Big Boi , then , is someone who encourages his collaborators ' furthest - out ideas , and who knows what to do with those ideas when he gets them .
As a rapper , Big Boi is something else .
He just does so many things with his voice and cadence , letting his words fall over the snares one moment and fighting upstream against the beat the next .
He never falls into any particular pattern of delivery , instead using his flow to knock beats back and forth with relish .
Sixteen years after the first OutKast album , he 's still coming up with dizzy combinations of words : " My recitals are vital and maybe needed for survival , " " The slickness that get your chick hit quick , " " Stay sharp as broken glass , get busted on a smash /
When your ass cross paths with this half of the ' Kast . "
Even if he were saying nothing , the tumble of his words is a thing to behold .
But then , he 's never saying nothing .
Sir Lucious Left
Foot is an album blissfully free of both old - man hectoring and drug - rap nihilism .
A few times Big Boi brings up the idea that it 's really not too smart to rap about selling crack all the time , but he does n't dwell on it , and he confines most of his skepticism to awesomely worded asides ( " Snow ?
That 's for toboggans . " )
He 's hard enough to tell you to get the South 's dick up out your motherfucking mouth and draw blood with the command , but he 's also clever enough to slide away from threats just as quickly .
He spends a large chunk of the album talking about sex , sounding like a fired - up 11 - year - old goofing off in the back of some sort of prodigy - level English class .
There 's a lot more to like about Sir Lucious Left Foot .
Some of the skits are actually pretty funny .
The guests -- who range from masterful fast - rap newcomer Yelawolf to a stirringly gritty Jamie Foxx -- all turn in top - shelf performances .
Old Dungeon Family associates Big Rube and Khujo Goodie make feel - good cameos that actually contribute to their songs .
But the real story is the rap veteran who 's done everything he could possibly do in the genre but who still finds new ways to have fun with it .
Last year 's best rap album came from Raekwon , another wily old vet who hit a serious late - career stride .
But Raekwon did it by inhabiting his older styles , making a record that could 've conceivably come out in 1996 .
On Sir Lucious Left Foot , Big Boi does something even more difficult :
He gives us a great album that sounds nothing like any of the great albums he 's already given us .
From where I 'm sitting , that 's an even greater achievement .
Young people rarely see positive portrayals of lesbian and gay people on television , according to Stonewall .
A survey for the gay equality charity monitored more than 120 hours of programmes watched by the young .
It said gay people were mainly portrayed as promiscuous , predatory , or figures of fun .
Stonewall said homophobic bullying in schools was unsurprising when gay people were so often depicted on TV in a derogatory or demeaning way .
The report , called Unseen on Screen , says ordinary gay people are almost invisible on the 20 programmes most watched by the young .
It says just 46 minutes out of 126 hours ' output showed gay people positively and realistically .
Guidelines call
The report also said three - quarters of portrayal was confined to just four Channel 4 and ITV1 programmes , which were I'm a Celebrity , Hollyoaks , Emmerdale and How to Look Good Naked .
BBC
One transmitted 44 seconds of positive and realistic portrayal of gay people in more than 39 hours of output , it added .
Stonewall chief executive Ben Summerskill said : " Of course it 's welcome that some of the most obnoxious unpleasantness of people such as Jeremy Clarkson is now being edited out before transmission .
" However , it 's hardly surprising that there 's still almost endemic homophobic bullying in Britain 's secondary schools when , even if gay people do appear on TV shows watched by young people , they 're depicted in a derogatory or demeaning way .
" It 's tragic that in 2010 broadcasters are still underserving young people in this way , particularly when young people themselves say they want to see real gay people 's lives on TV . "
The report says broadcasters should develop guidelines to ensure more positive portrayals , and share good practice .
The BBC is conducting its own research into how gay and lesbian people are portrayed in its programmes .
The Pixies band 's decision to call off its Tel Aviv concert , which was scheduled to take place this Wednesday , has sparked a row in the local music industry .
The American band followed in the footsteps of artists Santana and Elvis Costello , who canceled their gigs in Israel for political reasons as well .
Ever since the cancellation was announced Sunday morning , thousands of Israeli surfers have been posting angry messages on the band 's Facebook page , saying that the group members " should be ashamed of themselves " and slamming the band for " supporting terror " .
Supporting Israel K's Choice bass player : Costello , you 're an idiot Ayelet Yagil Eric Grossman slams English singer for calling off his Israel gigs , says ' the policy makers and the leaders that you 're standing up against , probably do n't know you from Elvis Presley ' K's Choice bass player : Costello , you 're an idiot
" I regret the fact that repeated attempts to bring good music to Israel and produce concerts and festivals of high quality fall victim of a series of political events , which are expressed in new patters of actions which I can only define as a type of cultural power against the State of Israel and art in general , " said Weiss .
" Intense pressure to boycott Israel – including threatening letters , commercial sanctions , cancellations of shows from influential countries – is being exerted by Arab and other elements on most artists ( as well as writers , industrialists and others ) across the world .
" This has turned into a painful series of cancellations with one sparkle of art – one foreign band which understood the difference and chose to focus on music and ignore the threats , and did not even consider disappointing and punishing its fans , " Weiss said , referring to the Placebo band which performed in Tel Aviv on Saturday evening .
Pixies .
Cynical use of art as a weapon ( Photo : MCT )
" I am sure the matter will be discussed in detail by the international and local community of artists , " Weiss added , " and I call on artists who understand the difference to visit Israel and any other place in the world where they can display their art , meet with their fans and stand firm in this cultural war …
" Otherwise , all those nice expressions , like ' Music speaks louder than words ' and ' Bridge over troubled water ' will be devoid of meaning .
" As for those who choose not to come , we will wait for them until they realize that we are not alone in this game and that the cynical and ugly use of art as a weapon will eventually force everyone to look deep into the actions of many governments across the world and put the relations of artists and their fans to the test .
" I would like to suggest to those elements working to cancel the arrival of artists not to celebrate their ' victory ' , and to call on the community of artists in Israel to communicate , talk and work to bring people closer together , bring down bridges and come up against the misuse of cultural terror in places and countries and not to be swept into the abyss of loneliness , which will only strengthen the hatred and diminish the moral power of the freedom of speech and freedom of art .
" I 'll keep working to produce events in Israel and worldwide because it 's important and because it's what I do , " he concludes .
" The smile and the satisfaction of the visitor in good events are undoubtedly worth it .
Keep on rocking in the free world . "
way
wedding cakes .
Served at people 's actual weddings .
And even if one was actually made by Aunt Mildred who calls herself a pro but really is n't , I think the world deserves to see this cautionary tale .
did the cake get in a fight ?
lumpy icing tiers
red bleeding ribbondid the cake get in a fight ?
lumpy icing tiers
Now , in the baker 's defense , I 'm told the insides of all the cake tiers were raw .
How is that a defense , you ask ?
Well , um ...
Oh !
Imagine how hard it must 've been to stack all those raw cake tiers !
Eh ?
Yeah , I like to look on the sunny side of things .
Which is good , because this cake is so sunny I think I can hear my retinas sizzling .
Hey , Grace C. , Tony M. , Anony M. , Anony # 2. , & Anita R. , " sizzling retinas " would be a
terrible
band name .
Really .
Just awful .
You all know I only feature professionally made Wrecks here on CW .
The irony , of course , is that I mistake pro for amateurmore often than the other way around !
Heh .
So anyway , while I 've been told that today 's Wrecks are indeed made by real , honest - to - goodness , got - paid - for - their - efforts cake decorators , part of me still refuses to believe it .
I 'm still posting them , though , because they 're all Plus , it 's kinda funny .
Whew , thank goodness for fresh flowers !
Too bad they did n't have enough to hide the fact that the cake is being served on a giant dry - erase board , though .
I also like the gentle placement of the topper .
That took " finesse . "
Apparently this was taken during The Great Icing Shortage of ' 73 - back when grooms were stayin ' alive with their groovy butterfly collars and the bridesmaids wore Frigidaire green .
Looks like they ran out of flowers here too , though , and raided the fruit bowl instead .
Hey , " Love to Highway " , right ?
And getting married does n't mean the groom has to give up his matchbox cars , right ?
And now , a haiku for you , wedding cake :
And finally , before I show you this last Wreck , I feel I should reiterate that the bride herself * assured * me she paid actual money to an actual professional to make it .
Honest .
Really .
A bill to end the effective ban on US nationals ’ travel to Cuba , and allow Havana to buy US goods on credit , has been moving through a legislative panel , though it still has a long way to go before it could actually take effect .
The bill was passed in the House agriculture committee .
It would among other things , end the effective travel ban for US nationals ; allow communist Cuba to use credit for purchases of US farm goods currently paid for only in cash ; and allow direct transfers between US and Cuban financial institutions .
ADVERTISEMENT
Now it still must make its way through additional commissions before a potential House vote .
The United States has had an economic embargo clamped on Havana for nearly five decades .
But it has not been the undoing of the Americas ’ only one - party communist regime , still in place now under President Raul Castro after his brother Fidel Castro led Cuba for more than 40 years .
The bill is not seeking to end the full US embargo trade sanctions in place since 1962 .
But their importance has eroded to the point of empty rhetoric and insignificance .
The United States today is a key Cuban trade partner , selling hundreds of millions in farm goods a year , despite what the Cuban government likes to call “ crippling ” US sanctions .
ADVERTISEMENT
Americans technically are allowed to visit Cuba , but they are required to seek special US government permission to go , and if they get it have a limit on how much they may spend in Cuba .
Those who seek the permits usually are US sports team members , artists or academics .
Exceptions however are made for Cuban - Americans who are visiting relatives ; different rules apply to their cases .
Thousands of Americans visit Cuba every year without US permission .
When they do they are legally barred from spending money on the island , an effective travel ban .
But back at home they are rarely prosecuted for their rule - breaking unless they flaunt their defiance of the rules .
ADVERTISEMENT
The fate of the legislation to repeal the ban is unclear .
Staunch anti-Castro lawmakers can be expected to mount a tough fight against such measures , which they say will be seen as a reward for human rights abuses .
Note : Here is the Weekly Summary and a Look Ahead ( it will be a busy week ) .
From Mickey Meese at the NY Times : Fading Summer Jobs
State and local governments , traditionally among the biggest seasonal employers , are knee - deep in budget woes , and the stimulus money that helped cushion some government job programs last summer is running out .
Private employers are also reluctant to hire until the economy shows more solid signs of recovery .
So expect fewer lifeguards on duty at public beaches this summer in California , fewer workers at some Massachusetts state parks and camping grounds and taller grass outside state buildings in Kentucky .
Click on graph for large image .
For summer jobs , this will probably be the worst year since the Great Depression .
This graph shows the unemployment rate for workers 16 to 24 years old ( from the BLS ) , and the headline unemployment rate ( blue ) .
The unemployment rate hit a record 19.6 % in April for this group .
This probably ties into the recent NY Times article on overwhelming student debt .
When I was in college , I was able to find summer jobs that helped me pay my way through college ( of course I walked 10 miles through the snow and all that too ) .
Times have really changed ...
Well , milady has come and gone , leaving in her wake a trail of Christ 's blood and broken hearts .
And a lot of people who could n't get into the show having to make do with Kesha .
Rocks
Off was not among the anointed allowed to cover the concert , and we could n't buy our way in because of that whole rent thing that is so popular today .
Nonetheless , we 've enjoyed watching Gaga from afar .
One of the things we love about Gaga is that she is the first superstar in a while to have a really great urban sex legend told about her .
The story goes that Gaga has a vestigial or perhaps full functioning penis .
Not just in a glass jar or something , but actually attached to that bluffin ' muffin of hers .
Evidence of this was an upskirt photo of her onstage with a supposed bulge in her drawers .
The thing that made this story so wonderful as a legend is that it could be true .
One percent of live births results in ambiguous genitalia , and movements are on the rise against doctors performing corrective surgery on infants .
So the possibility certainly exists .
It 's not true , though .
Gaga refused to comment publicly on the rumor for a while - she 's no idiot when it comes to good marketing - but said point blank in an interview with Barbara Walters that the story was false .
Since no one who has had a first hand look at milady without her clothes on has come forward to substantiate the claim , we can pretty much chalk this up to a possible , but ultimately empty urban legend .
But how does this stack up against the rock and roll 's naughtier faux tales of old ?
Marilyn Manson Has Ribs Removed To Enable Auto - Fellatio :
If there is anyone Gaga 's public style can be compared to , it 's Marilyn Manson .
No story was too out there to be disbelieved .
He was an alleged puppy murderer , former child star , shunned Bible - camp youth - you name it .
But the best story was that he had his two bottom ribs removed in order to do what God made groupies for .
Gaga wins this round for two reasons .
One , it 's an old story that was once told about Cher - though in her case the reason was to look thinner - and before that was attributed to Victorian women trying to fit into tiny corsets .
Considering the fatality rate for amputation surgery in Victorian times , we can pretty much rule out any halfway intelligent person deciding against elective surgery .
Two , we have all seen Brian Warner without a shirt .
He 's not sporting any scars .
One more reason , if you had to choose between blowing yourself or having Rose McGowan , Dita Von Teese or Evan Rachel Wood do it for you , which one would you choose ?
Utterly unbelievable .
Gaga wins .
Rod Stewart Has Gallon of Semen Pumped from His Stomach : A man is rushed to the hospital after collapsing at a Rod Stewart concert afterparty .
The doctors pump his stomach and end up with a gallon of semen .
Surprised , they realize that the man they 're working on is Rod Stewart himself .
This story has been told about Elton John , David Bowie and a score of others , but Stewart always seems to be the one who ends up hung with it the most .
Jealousy ?
We do n't know , but we 're gonna have to give this one to Gaga as well , based once again on believability .
First off , a gallon of semen ?
A GALLON ?
Next time you 're at the store , look at a gallon of milk , and imagine downing the whole thing at once .
Also , bear in mind that the average male ejaculates about a tablespoon of semen .
You 're not talking about blowing a whole football team .
Now you 're talking about blowing a whole football league .
Finally , semen is n't toxic .
There 's no need to pump someone 's stomach .
Gaga wins , again .
Gene Simmons Has Cow Tongue Grafted Onto His
Own :
The legendary licker hanging out of the Demon 's face is actually that of a cow .
Sigh ... there are people who actually believe this , you know ?
Yes , we have successfully implanted animal organs into humans , so it 's not technically beyond possibility , but as long as you 're at the store staring at that gallon of milk and thinking about jism , swing by the deli and ask to look at the cow tongue .
Oh , they have 'em all right , and if you think any human being has had that enormous slab of ewww sewn into their mouth , then we have a bridge to sell you .
Unfair as it is , Simmons ' tongue is the work of Mother Nature alone , who we expect is waiting for the bassist to be laid in his KISS Kasket so that she may reap the rewards of her work in the afterlife .
Again , you 'd have to be pretty helmeted to believe this one , so Gaga wins again .
So whether you like her , loathe her , or masturbate screaming her name , it 's pretty clear that we have a new legendary figure on our hands .
We wonder what wo n't be true about her next .
the elephant in the room
is that your mother is dying
from a cancer
and your heart follows the
rain ,
down through the gutters
apathy is a warm blanket ,
your body is a cold machine ,
all around you a million shades
of grey paint pop-culture
pictures that disappear when
you look at them like
all of the fake - stars in the sky
there are few words left for what you see
you put your art in a grey can
and give it a stupid name ;
this survival is an encouraged
and repugnant greed
and is the cancer itself
beauty is right behind that elephant .
Also read Also read Wired Magazine 's January 2012 feature on Cow Clicker
I made a Facebook game about Facebook games , called Cow Clicker .
You can go play it on Facebook now , or you can see some screenshots on on this site .
Here ’s the short description , from the page just linked :
Cow Clicker is a Facebook game about Facebook games .
It ’s partly a satire , and partly a playable theory of today ’s social games , and partly an earnest example of that genre .
You get a cow .
You can click on it .
In six hours , you can click it again .
Clicking earns you clicks .
You can buy custom “ premium ” cows through micropayments ( the Cow Clicker currency is called “ mooney ” ) , and you can buy your way out of the time delay by spending it .
You can publish feed stories about clicking your cow , and you can click friends ’ cow clicks in their feed stories .
Cow Clicker is Facebook games distilled to their essence .
The way the game came into being is somewhat convoluted , and I want to try to explain it .
At the 2010 Game Developers Conference , a schism seemed to erupt between “ traditional ” game developers , who make the sorts of console and casual games we ’ve come to know well , and “ social ” game developers , who make games for Facebook and other networks .
It was a storm that had been brewing for a few years , but the massive success of Zynga ’s FarmVille along with the company ’s publicly malicious attitude ( as David Hayward calls it , a Fuck the Users design philosophy ) had made even the most apathetic of game developers suddenly keen to defend their craft as art .
An unfortunate award acceptance speech from the firm ( cf “ that Farmville asshole ” ) hammered the last nail in the coffin , making this the year the year to hate social games .
The ire is n’t without rationale : these challenge - free games demand little more than clicking on farms and restaurants and cities and things at regular intervals .
As I listened to some of the talks and the talk about them , a shorthand entered my brain , and I suggested the name “ cow clickers ” for them .
It seemed like little more than a provocation , a concept that need not be further elaborated .
A nod and a chuckle would do .
Most will consider Cow Clicker to be satire , and that ’s true in part at least .
But satire these days risks becoming mere conceptual art .
The idea of the “ cow clicker ” arose almost involuntarily , as a playfully deprecatory name that seemed plausible enough that it might be real .
The name was almost enough ; surely it did n’t need to be made , I reasoned .
Then earlier this month , Jesper Juul invited me to take part in a game theory seminar he runs at NYU , which he provocatively titled Social Games on Trial .
Researcher and social game developer Aki JÃ¤rvinen would defend social games , and I was to speak against them .
As I prepared for the NYU seminar , I realized that theory alone might not help clarify social games — for me or for anyone in attendance .
It ’s nice to think that “ theorist / practitioners ” like myself and Aki can translate lessons from research to design and back like adept jugglers , but things are far messier , as usual .
The dialectic between theory and practice often collapses into a call and response panegyric .
This in mind , I thought it might be productive to make an example that would act as its own theory .
It ’s a strategy I ’ve been calling carpentry , and which I ’ll be discussing in more detail in my forthcoming book Alien Phenomenology ( including this example ) .
In the case of social games , I reasoned that enacting the principles of my concerns might help me clarify them and , furthermore , to question them .
So I decided to make a game that would attempt to distill the social game genre down to its essence .
Cow Clicker is the result .
After the GDC , I found myself talking frequently with the press about why everyone seemed to hate Zynga and social games ( most visibly in Dan Terdiman ’s April CNet article , Why Zynga ticks off the games industry ) .
It ’s easy to get publicity for being a naysayer , and admittedly I have a tendency to fill that role .
I had formulated some thoughts about why these games bothered me .
Whether or not they were “ really games ” was n’t the issue ; I have a long history of defending all sorts of edge cases against that accusation .
Nor was it the platform on which they are played ; games that use friend networks as infrastructure for asynchronous , social play has long seemed promising to me .
I even wrote a scholarly paper about asynchronous multiplay back in 2004 ( that ’s the year Facebook launched , incidentally .
Some might say I was a fool not to heed my own advice when the Facebook platform was released , and perhaps they were right ) .
Rather , I found myself troubled by the way in which these games were games , the manner by which they seemed to magnify the dangerous aspects of games , making those aspects the only ones visible .
At NYU , I offered four ways in which social games of this ilk disturbed me :
1. Enframing
In his famous , mildly inscrutable essay on technology , Martin Heidegger defines technology not as equipment — the gadgets and machinery we usually think of when we use that word — but as the very essence of the current era .
That essence , argues Heidegger , is one in which things are mere resources to be optimized .
He does n’t just have fossil fuel deposits and hedge funds in mind , but anything whatsoever that embraces the logic of “ standing reserve , ” of putting things to use .
Social networks in general tend to be enframing apparatuses .
It ’s something I wrote about near the end of Unit Operations , in fact , in the context of corporate services like Linked In .
That service formalizes and standardizes the old idea of “ business networking ” — the concept that people are just the things they might do for you when you need them .
In that respect , Facebook in general and social games in particular are certainly not alone .
But there ’s something particularly insidious about enframing in games — taking even the contexts of interaction that do n’t have to do with work , stripping them of enjoyment , and imbuing them once more with the spirit of potential use .
In social games , friends are n’t really friends ; they are mere resources .
And not just resources for the player , but also for the game developer , who relies on insipid , “ viral ” aspects of a design to make a system replicate .
2. Compulsion
Today , much of digital life is compulsive .
Checking email to see if something — anything — new has arrived .
Refreshing blog posts to see if new comments have appeared .
Consulting web traffic logs .
Reloading Twitter feeds in hopes of a new mention .
We ’re increasingly obsessed with more and more obsessions .
Many games involve compulsion , and studies that compare the partial reinforcement techniques of slot machines and psychological manipulations to videogames stretch back to the mid-1980s .
In recent years , massively multiplayer online games ( MMOs ) frequently have been accused of doing little more than compelling players to keep playing ; amounting to “ brain hacks that exploit human psychology in order to make money ” to use Juul ’s words from the NYU event announcement .
And certainly one could make a convincing case that many other sorts of games build compulsion into their design .
But , as Jesse Fuchs pointed out during the seminar , most games ( even MMOs ) are n’t just brain hacks that exploit human psychology in order to make money .
And in the case of social games , it often seems that they exist solely for that purpose .
This is a logic that dovetails well with Zynga CEO Mark Pincus ’s infamous declaration , “ I did every horrible thing in the book to , just to get revenues right away . ”
3. Optionalism
Most games require some non-trivial effort to play .
Challenge and effort are often cited in definitions of games , as is a tendency toward meaningful interactivity .
In these cases , a game ’s meaning emerges largely from the choices a player makes within a complex system of many interlocking and contingent outcomes , both user - and system - generated .
Of course , there are also games that one plays for relaxation instead of for challenge — zoning out with Solitaire or Bejeweled , for example .
In both these cases , the gameplay may not entail the complexity of Go or Civilization , but the results are earnest and , at times , profound .
By contrast , the gameplay in social games is almost entirely optional .
The play acts themselves are rote , usually mere actuations of operations on expired timers .
And then more so , even the enacting of those rote maneuvers can be skipped , through delegation or ( more often ) by spending cash money on objects or actions .
Social games are games you do n’t have to play .
4. Destroyed Time
Many of today ’s console games exert a time crush .
They demand tens or even hundreds of hours of attention to complete , some or most of which often feels empty .
In that respect , one could argue that many games seem to destroy time .
But social games do something even more violent — they also destroy the time we spend away from them .
Compulsion explains the feeling of struggling to return to something in spite of ourselves .
Its flipside involves the disrespect of time that we might otherwise spend doing more valuable things — or even just pondering the thoughtful and unexpected ideas that an asynchronous game might raise .
Social games so covet our time that they abuse us while we are away from them , through obligation , worry , and dread over missed opportunities .
The compulsive destruction of time in social games does not merely affect players , but also developers .
As we are so often reminded , these games are “ not products but services . ”
They are ongoing , never - ending affairs that must extract time and money from players in the most efficient way possible .
Developers are told to “ listen to their players ” and to enact quantitative design regimens to insure that players get exactly what they want — even if they do not know they want it .
Just like playing one , running a game as a service is a prison one may never escape .
It ’s one thing to express a distaste for social games , to consider them bad art and to opt out of them .
But one also cannot ignore their popularity entirely , nor leave it to the mere whims of personal taste .
In addition to being bad art , social games are also troubling specimens of human tragedy .
For one part , they threaten us with the negative future of games .
But for another part , they also act as a talisman that might help us see our future perceptions of the present .
What will we have thought of ourselves ?
In cinema and theater , we often hear about method acting , a technique by which actors try to create the situations , emotions , and thoughts of their characters in themselves in order to better portray them .
In creating Cow Clicker , I rather felt that I was partaking of method design , embracing the spirit and values and ideals of the social game developer as I toed the lines between theory , satire , and earnestness .
The Internet is paralyzing because it contains so much potential information .
Even over the few days I spent developing Cow Clicker , I found myself watching people play , listening to feedback , and imagining changes .
I “ listened to my players ” and made enhancements far beyond what was reasonable for a work of carpentry or a simple parody .
It ’s hard for me to express the compulsion and self - loathing that have accompanied the apparently trivial creation of this little theory - cum - parody game .
Have I fully represented the distillation I hoped to accomplish ?
Or is some feature missing ?
And ought I not to add it if so ?
Where ’s the vampire cow or the werewolf cow or the cthulhu cow ?
Ought I not to make them ?
Perhaps I became consumed myself .
Such is the spirit of the day , it would seem : mundane , outward obsession whose worst trick is to disguise itself as fruitfulness .
Last week , Stoyan Stefanov and I spoke at Velocity Conference about optimizing massive CSS .
We talked about our experiences optimizing large - scale sites like Facebook and Yahoo ! , and we discussed our findings regarding the CSS efficiency of the Alexa Top 1000 websites .
Velocity was kind enough to share videos of the session :
What is the state of the internet regarding CSS performance ?
Kind of sad .
We are n’t getting a lot of the basics right , and when we look at the more advanced techniques , there are some spectacular examples of what - not - to - do .
Why do we care about CSS performance ?
As Stoyan talks about in the beginning of the video , it blocks progressive rendering and it is very difficult to auto - minify .
The Basics
These basic rules , made famous by YSlow , have been around for a long time , and yet our data showed that many sites in the Alexa Top 1000 are still not employing the most basic techniques .
42 % Do n’t GZIP CSS
44 % Have more than 2 CSS external files
56 % Serve CSS with cookies ( yummy to eat , bad for static content )
62 % Do n’t minify ( check out the YUI Compressor ! )
21 % Have greater than 100K of CSS
More Advanced Techniques
I talked about these more advanced tests for the first time at Velocity .
Here is how the top 1000 sites stack up and some recommendations for reasonable results .
Occurrences in one page Declaration Max Percentage too many
> 10 Percentage sites * way * too many
> 100 Suggestion float 733 56 % 13 %
If you have a good nestable grids system , you should n’t need many floats .
The worst offender in the Alexa Top 1000 sites declared the float property more than 700 times !
Aim for less than 10 .
h1 - 6 511 56 % 9 % There are only so many usable font sizes on the web .
Below 10 px in most fonts is legible only by mice and few sites use really large typography as a design element .
Imagine that a site chooses to use 24px as their max .
That leaves 14 different sizes , however , we need to divide that number by two because most users ca n’t see subtle differences like a 1 px change in font size .
That leaves seven different heading sizes , which means 56 % of sites in the Alexa top 1000 have too many heading declarations .
margin : 0 518 64 % 14 % Different browsers have different default stylesheets .
These stylesheets define how elements should look if you have n’t chosen an alternate style .
It is important to get all browsers to the same starting point because it eliminates bugs and time wasted testing simple browser compatibility issues .
This is should be accomplished using a reset stylesheet such as the one included in YUI .
When a reset stylesheet is n’t used , margin zero tends to be sprinkled throughout the stylesheet as developers try to cope with browser differences in the absense of an abstracted solution .
Setting the default margins to zero is the most basic job of a reset stylesheet , which means that 64 % of the Alexa Top 1000 sites could benefit from including reset.css .
padding : 0 510 62 % 10 % Excessive declarations of padding zero are similar to margins ( see the above description ) .
The worse offender in this case declared padding zero 510 times .
font - size 889 78 % 23 % Headings ( h1 - 6 ) often get hidden in class names , which can disguise typography efficiency issues .
It is helpful to grep " font - size " to get an idea how many hidden headings exist on the site .
The same rules apply to font - size that were explained under h1 - 6 , so in fact the problem is much worse than our initial estimate .
These figures mean that 78 % of the Alexa Top 1000 sites have excessive heading declarations when we consider hidden headings .
In addition , 22 % of sites may not be getting the SEO benefits of properly using heading elements .
! important 526 – 12 %* Important overrides all other declarations specificity , so it can be dangerous .
If used correctly , only on leaf nodes , it can be a powerful tool for creating typography and spacing mixins that stand outside of the normal cascade .
On the other hand , excessive use of important is a sure indication of specificity wars .
Specificity wars are what happens when developers start trying to beat each others specificity , rather than having a real solid architecture and code standards .
Eventually , like the worst offender in this case with 526 important properties , you can end up in a case where nearly every property is marked important .
This means that 12 % of the Alexa Top 1000 Sites probably has an internal specificity war in it ’s web team .
* >50
Happy perf optimizing !
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2010 July 23
Explanation : " Nebula at the right foot of Andromeda ... " begins the description for the 76th object in Charles Messier 's 18th century Catalog of Nebulae and Star Clusters .
In fact , M76 is one of the fainter objects on the Messier list and is also known by the popular name of the " Little Dumbbell Nebula " .
Like its brighter namesake M27 ( the Dumbbell Nebula ) , M76 is recognized as a planetary nebula - a gaseous shroud cast off by a dying sunlike star .
The nebula itself is thought to be shaped more like a donut , while the box - like appearance of its brighter central region is due to our nearly edge - on view .
Gas expanding more rapidly away from the donut hole produces the fainter loops of far flung material .
The fainter material is emphasized in this composite image , highlighted by showing emission from hydrogen atoms in orange and oxygen atoms in complementary blue hues .
The nebula 's dying star can be picked out in the sharp false - color image as the blue - tinted star near the center of the box - like shape .
Distance estimates place M76 about 3 to 5 thousand light - years away , making the nebula over a light - year in diameter .
of the people
Richard Nixon 's grandson Chris Cox is an oil industry lobbyist running for Congress against Long Island incumbent Rep. Tim Bishop ( D ) .
Cox recently moved into Tricky Dickie 's old mansion in the Hamptons in order to establish himself as a resident .
But he 's a man , as you 'll see in the below address to the Conservative Society for Action .
Labels : 2010 elections , Long Island , Richard Nixon , teabaggers
On Saturday night , the son of a Florida state House candidate hid an infrared camera next to his father 's campaign signs at an intersection , to catch thieves .
Within minutes , his father 's opponent and his wife were caught doing exactly that .
Do watch the video , and soak in their embarrassment .
The thief candidate , Greg Brown , at one point tells his wife Jennifer , " Wait , your fingerprints are still on the ones laying down . "
They thought they were so savvy , worrying about fingerprints and cool spy stuff like that .
Did n't check to see if see if there were any cameras several feet away , though !
Here 's Brown 's excuse , from the Pensacola News Journal :
When contacted by phone Monday afternoon , Greg Brown said he and his wife did nothing wrong by removing [ opponent Doug ] Broxson 's signs from property owned by a Brown campaign supporter .
He said he saw his opponent 's signs on a vacant lot owned by Don Dewrell , 69 , of Holt after leaving a political rally in Jay on Saturday night .
He said he and Dewrell previously agreed that he'd be the only District 1 candidate allowed to put signs on the property .
" I disposed of them , " he said .
" Quite honestly , I may have put them in my own trash can at home .
I am not completely sure . "
Yes , this is why he did n't bring up the issue with Broxson in person or through some legitimate channel before sneaking around at night to take them — while worrying about fingerprints or being seen by anybody — and dispose of them in a place he does not recall .
Brown has accused Broxson of playing " dirty politics . "
Jesus .
[ via Political Wire ]
DURHAM —
It 's easy to see the effects of the Gulf oil spill above the water , as oily waves float on the ocean 's surface , rescued animals are covered in black liquid and beach cleanups continue .
DURHAM —
It 's easy to see the effects of the Gulf oil spill above the water , as oily waves float on the ocean 's surface , rescued animals are covered in black liquid and beach cleanups continue .
But harder to target , is whether oil is lingering far beneath the water 's surface , how much there is and the effects it has at the depths of the ocean .
That 's where scientists at the University of New Hampshire 's Center for Coastal and Ocean Mapping come in .
The center was one of approximately 12 other oceanographic facilities selected in May to assist with oil spill recovery following a meeting in Washington , D.C. , with President Barack Obama 's science and energy advisors as well as administrators of the Environmental Protection Agency and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
" The focus was on what the academic community can bring to the table , " said Dr. Larry Mayer , professor and director at the Center for Coastal and Ocean Mapping .
" That 's our job as a natural center of excellence .
You hope they would call on us when these things happen . "
Mayer brought three slides with him to the Washington meeting that show the center 's work in mapping the sea floor and a multi- beam sonar that detected a gas plume about 5,000 feet below the ocean 's surface in Mendicino , Calif .
Mayer proposed that same sonar could be used to detect the presence of oil below the surface of the water .
" We develop maps of the sea floor so they do n't look like the old maps with numbers but two - dimensional , natural looking , and much easier to work with , " Mayer said .
According to most recent data , which is being retrieved and analyzed daily , the sonar as Mayer proposed has detected oil approximately 4,000 feet below the water 's surface .
Starting in late May , sonar equipment was installed on two NOAA vessels — the Thomas Jefferson and Gordon Gunter — conducting research in the area of the spill .
Instead of using multi- beam sonar , as Mayer originally anticipated , UNH scientists installed fisheries sonar that was better suited for the oil research .
In addition to the sonar , other equipment was added like a flourometer , which illuminates oil or other matters .
" Our concern and focus was the deep oil .
You can see oil on the surface and keep track of it , " Mayer said .
" But below , where is it , how much is there and where is it going ? "
The first cruise — the term used for missions such as the Gulf research — with UNH scientists started in Galveston , Texas , and travelled to New Orleans , then out to the well heads where the spill originated .
There they mapped around the well heads and conducted sampling of the water in those areas
" The real experimental work is can we see the oil with the sonar , " Mayer said .
" When we were out there , it was a real question . "
At least one of the center 's scientists have remained on the NOAA vessels and data is sent in daily from the Unified Command Center .
Mayer reviews the data each day and reports with a Joint Analysis Group , which includes Tom Webber , a fisheries scientist and professor at the Center for Coastal and Ocean Mapping .
In two specific areas , Mayer and his crew believe they have found the presence of oil 3,700 to 4,000 feet below the water 's surface .
" There are high fluorescent values , in many cases we believe are associated with oil , " he said .
" The other thing we found is a lot of natural gas seeps we can see quite nicely coming out of the sea floor . "
Just two days after these high fluorescent values were found , a subsequent look showed they were no longer there .
It is unclear what this means , Mayer said , and a question the center continues to search for the answer to .
" Oil should float to the surface , but something is keeping it deep .
This is a very intriguing scientific question , " he said .
There are still many unanswered questions , which Mayer and others continue to try to answer , but results the UNH center are gathering will help gain some long - term understanding of the oil spill .
" What we 're looking for is ways to use tools to help direct ships to see where they should be testing , " he said .
The research is being conducted in addition to the regular work of Mayer and other scientists at the center , he said , and is extremely time consuming .
" It 's a lot .
We 're putting a lot in because it just does n't stop .
The data keeps coming in and even after it stops , the analysis will keep going for a long time . "
It 's an important role and one in which Mayer is pleased to be a part .
When he became an oceanographer , he did n't think the profession would lead to such a meaningful venture .
" I never thought about it .
I just wanted to be an oceanographer .
It 's nice to know you can pursue something you want to do and it can have a helping side to it . "
GAINESVILLE , Fla . --
Surface tension is n't a very powerful force , but it matters for small things -- water bugs , paint , and , it turns out , nanowires .
Nanowires are so tiny that a human hair would dwarf them -- some have diameters 150 billionths of a meter .
Because of their small size , surface tension that occurs during the manufacturing process pulls them together , limiting their usefulness .
This is a problem because the wires are seen as a potential core element of new and more powerful microelectronics , solar cells , batteries and medical tools .
But in a paper in the journal ACS Applied Materials & Interfaces now online , a University of Florida engineering researcher says he has found an inexpensive solution .
Kirk Ziegler , an assistant professor of chemical engineering , said nanowires are most often made today with a process that involves the immersion of the wires .
When complete , each wire is supposed to poke up right next to the other from a flat surface , like bristles on a Lilliputian toothbrush .
But Ziegler said the wires are so tiny and so flexible that surface tension clumps them up when dried .
Manufacturers use extremely high pressure to reduce the surface tension , but Ziegler said that process is difficult , expensive and not conducive to large - scale production .
Ziegler and Justin Hill , who will graduate from UF with a doctorate in chemical engineering this summer , realized that they needed to introduce a force that counteracted that of the surface tension .
They came up with a process simple enough to be achievable with a nine - volt battery .
The researchers apply an electrical charge to the nanostructures during the manufacturing process , charging each tiny wire and making it repel its neighbor .
" As the two nanowires pull toward each other because of the surface tension , the like charges at the tips act to push them apart , " Ziegler said .
" The aim is to get a net zero force on the structure , so the nanowires stand straight . "
Tests of microscope - slide - sized surfaces , each containing trillions of nanowires , showed that the procedure effectively prevents clumping , Ziegler said .
Nanowires have not found wide commercial applications to date , but Ziegler said that as engineers learn how to make and manipulate them , they could underpin far more efficient solar cells and batteries because they provide more surface area and better electrical properties .
" Being able to pack in a higher density of nanowires gives you a much higher surface area , so you start to generate higher energy density , " he said .
Ziegler said that biomedical engineers are also interested in using the wires to help deliver drugs to individual cells , or to hinder or encourage individual cell growth .
The University of Florida has applied for a patent on the process , he added .
###
Credits
Writer
Aaron Hoover , ahoover@ufl.edu , 352-392-0186
Source
Kirk Ziegler , kziegler@che.ufl.edu , 352-392-0882
Hampshire workmen paint white lines around dead badger Published duration 15 July 2010
Workmen painting white lines on a road left a gap for a dead badger because they said it was not their responsibility to move it .
The animal had been killed about a week before on the A338 near Downton , on the Hampshire - Wiltshire border .
Hampshire County Council said the workers did what they thought " was best " because it is the district council 's job to remove carcasses .
The badger has now been removed and the painting will be completed on Friday .
The county council said there would be no extra cost to taxpayers because the company was being paid a fixed rate for the job .
Businessman Kevin Maul was on his way home from work when he noticed the break in the lines .
He said : " I could n't quite believe my eyes when I saw this poor old badger who had been there over a week .
" I 'd seen him every day as I went by and wondered if he was going to be picked up .
" Then on Friday I drove home to see his body between the lines - they had painted the road , but left a gap where he lay . "
Hampshire County Council is responsible for the line painting but New Forest District Council is responsible for clearing road kill .
The two failed to arrange the clearance before line painting began .
' Not trained '
Mel Kendal , county council environment chief , said : " We would usually liaise with our colleagues at the district council who dispose of animal carcasses on the highways to ensure the badger was removed before the white line painting crew did this stretch of road .
" This appears not to have happened in this case and the white line painting crew did what they thought was best until arrangements could be made to dispose of the carcass .
" These arrangements have now been made and the gap in the white lines will be filled in , at no extra cost to the council tax payer . "
If you tell a lie big enough and keep repeating it , people will eventually come to believe it .
The lie can be maintained only for such time as the State can shield the people from the political , economic and / or military consequences of the lie .
It thus becomes vitally important for the State to use all of its powers to repress dissent , for the truth is the mortal enemy of the lie , and thus by extension , the truth is the greatest enemy of the State . " -- Joseph Goebbels
From the March 27 , 1972 issue of New York Magazine .
At 4 p.m. one Saturday last month , a tall , thin , eighteen - year - old youth called Judd was standing on Daly Avenue in the South Bronx fingering the butt of the sawed - off shotgun that jutted from the top of his dungarees .
Flanking him on either side were two other young men , Mike and P.I. , both seventeen , both with pearl - handled . 22 - caliber pistols in their belts .
All three wore the colors of a Bronx street gang called the Black Assassins .
Facing them not more than five feet away was an eighteen - year - old youth named Alvin , president of the Majestic Warlocks .
Standing alongside Alvin were Power , 22 , and Butter , 20 , both leaders of a group called the Old Timers , a sort of alumni club for old Warlocks .
If any of these three was packing weapons , they were well concealed .
Across the street a boy of about fifteen , a Warlock , could be seen crouching in a doorway , the barrel of a rifle barely visible in the shadows .
Two more Warlocks had circled around a car and stood side by side on the curb behind the Assassins , their right hands hidden in the folds of their jackets .
Along Daly Avenue , ordinarily one of the most heavily patrolled neighborhoods in the Bronx , no squad cars passed by .
( Cops , gang members swear , know when to lie low . )
It was a faceoff on the Assassins ’ home turf , the long block on Daly Avenue between 180th and 181st Streets .
The confrontation was occasioned by an incident the night before at a party in the Warlocks ’ basement clubhouse several blocks away up the snake - like hill that borders Crotona Park .
The details are obscure , but the incident apparently involved the roughing - up of the girl friend of a Black Assassin who had had too much to drink .
The Assassins had fired two shots , No one had been hurt .
The only damage , apparently , was to both gangs ’ pride .
On the street Saturday afternoon Judd was the first to speak .
“ You want to talk ? ” he said .
“ We ’re ready . ”
Power spoke for the Warlocks .
He was at least an inch taller than Judd and several pounds heavier .
He and Butter had both been presidents of the Majestic Warlocks in their day .
Now , as Old Timers , their concerns ranged over the entire Warlock tribe , which includes four separate divisions in four parts of the Bronx .
They go wherever trouble develops .
Power opened his denim jacket at the hip , showing no weapon .
“ We ’re clean , man , ” he said .
“ Well , we ’re not , ” Judd said , with an uncertain smile .
“ How you gonna talk with a piece in your belt ? ” Power said .
He stepped back a foot or two and the entire Warlocks contingent seemed to fan out very slightly .
At that moment a lean , young , well - groomed Puerto Rican who had been leaning against the wall of a nearby apartment house came forward .
José Ramos , a 21 - year - old street worker who had been reassigned to desk duty in Brooklyn in an office of the Youth Services Agency after a recent administrative shakeup , was on his own time , but his presence on Daly Avenue that Saturday last month was no accident .
Through sources painfully built up over time , Ramos had learned of the incident the night before and of the confrontation that figured to follow .
Both Judd and Power knew Ramos as “ T.C. , ” the nickname he had used since his own day as leader of a Bronx gang called the Royal Javelins .
Ramos stepped between the two groups and spoke quietly for a few minutes .
He persuaded Power , Butter , and Alvin to talk the matter out in the Assassins ’ basement headquarters .
It was a considerable concession ; on the street the advantage was theirs .
As the six youths and Ramos headed down an alleyway to the Assassins ’ meeting place , at least 25 previously unnoticed Warlocks suddenly emerged — from shadowed doorways , out from behind parked cars , clambering down from fire escapes .
Inside the Assassins ’ basement headquarters — two dimly lit rooms with painted stone walls and several lumpy chairs and sofas salvaged from sidewalk junk heaps — the Warlocks remained standing .
“ We did n’t come here to make you apologize , ” Power said .
“ We just came for an apology . ”
Judd became angry .
“ If anyone has apologizing to do … ”
Butter tried his hand .
“ Look , ” he said , “ let ’s get this down to the brothers who did what to who . ”
“ We do n’t work that way , ” P.I. said .
“ We settle scores as a group . ” ” Did n’t you sign the ‘ Family Treaty ’ ? ” Ramos said quietly to P.I .
A long silence followed .
Then both sides started talking at the same time , not arguing , just talking , and soon after the quarrel seemed resolved , with each side apologizing to the other and handshakes all around .
Then the Majestic Warlocks departed in peace .
Thus , thanks only to the delicate intervention of a city worker under no obligation to be there , and thanks to his timely mention of a “ Family Treaty ” of doubtful force and durability , a fragile , uneasy calm prevailed on Daly Avenue that cold afternoon last month .
Otherwise , Daly could easily have become what several other streets in the South Bronx have already become in recent months and what other streets may very well become before the year gets much older — the setting for a brutal showdown between quarreling youths gathered in street gangs .
Without much notice , it seems , street gangs have again become a problem in New York , this time on a scale and with a potential for violence that may be unprecedented — the near certainty of gunplay and a high probability of mindless , trivially motivated homicide .
There are at least 70 separate street gangs in the Bronx alone right now .
Some of them , like the Majestic Warlocks , have affiliations with others bearing the same name in various neighborhoods .
Others , like the Black Assassins , are independent .
In size any one gang will vary from about two dozen to 200 , and no one dares estimate how many members the 70 have , combined — 4,000 is a reasonable guess .
In the South and East Bronx , predictably , most gangs are all black or all Puerto Rican .
But mixed gangs of blacks and Puerto Ricans are not uncommon .
In the North Bronx , most gangs are all white .
The Five Percenters profess themselves Black Muslims , but most groups have no truck with ideology .
( Despite some encounters between blacks and whites , race has not been an important factor in gang action thus far , but the potential is obviously there . )
Chains , knives , fists , and , of course , those crude and unreliable homemade affairs called zip guns were the staples in the more vicious gang wars in the 1940s and 1950s .
Today there is scarcely a gang in the Bronx that cannot muster a factory - made piece for every member — at the very least , a . 22 - caliber pistol , but quite often heavier stuff : .32s , .38s , and .45s , shotguns , rifles , and — I have seen them myself — even machine guns , grenades , and gelignite , an explosive .
One gang , the Royal Javelins , has acquired some walkie - talkie radios .
“… Heroin destroyed the gangs a decade ago .
But these new gangsin the Bronx aimed a reign of terror at the drug pushers … ”
Through the efforts of a remarkable street worker named Eduardo Vincenty , a member of the ten-man “ crisis squad ” set up in 1970 within the Youth Services Agency of the city ’s Human Resources Administration , a massive non-aggression pact among Bronx gangs was worked out last fall .
Beginning with five gangs from the East Tremont area , Vincenty orchestrated the formation of a “ Family Peace Treaty ” binding the signatories to talk out differences first before escalating a quarrel and , if talking could n’t settle a matter , to get gang members to settle their differences on a one - to - one basis , with fists only , in a closed room .
By November 29 , 1971 , Vincenty had lined up 68 gangs to sign the Family Treaty .
But as this is written , the Youth Services Agency ’s ten -man crisis squad is no more , disbanded in an administrative shuffle just last month .
( It was in this shuffle that José Ramos was pulled off the Bronx streets and sent to a desk in Brooklyn . )
And Vincenty himself , at 26 a five - year veteran mediator of street quarrels , is under doctor ’s orders to stay in his three - room apartment on Marmion Avenue for now .
On January 21 of this year Vincenty took a . 22 - caliber bullet in his temple as he tried to stop a fight on Tremont Avenue in the West Farms area .
Just how fragile a peace prevails among Bronx gangs was shown only eight hours after José Ramos got the Majestic Warlocks and the Black Assassins to shake hands .
On Sunday morning , February 27 , just after midnight , a suspected Five Percenter named Emilio White , alias Emilio Esau , was gunned down on Vyse Avenue just up the block from the Assassin clubhouse .
The two bullets that entered White ’s back , according to police of the 48th precinct , were fired from two different . 22 - caliber pistols of the same make , the kind that comes with a pearl handle .
The bullet that entered White ’s forehead just above the bridge of the nose was a .32 , fired at point - blank range .
Witnesses to the shooting picked out three faces in a gallery of photos at the station house .
All three were identified as Black Assassins — P.I. , Mike , and a third whose name the police did not have .
Reportedly , it was Judd .
By midafternoon Tuesday , February 29 , P.I. and Mike had been arrested and charged with first - degree murder .
The cops were said to be looking for Judd .
The next day , a friend saw Judd slouching in the shadows across the street from the Bronx Boys Club on Hoe Avenue , a favorite hangout of many gang members .
Judd looked as though he had n’t slept for days .
“ Do you know the cops are after you ? ” the friend asked .
Judd smiled the same uncertain smile he had on Daly Avenue as he faced the Warlocks .
“ For the dude that was hit last weekend ?
Yeah , ” Judd said .
“ I did n’t have anything to do with it .
Neither did the two they got yesterday . ”
The friend , who clearly did n’t believe him , asked , “ Are you going to split until things cool off ? ”
“ I know the detectives around here , ” Judd answered , as he started walking away .
“ There are only three of them who could spot me . ”
Then he said , over his shoulder , “ The Man better get all the leaders before summer , ‘ cause if he does n’t , nobody ’s gonna stop us then . ”
It ’s easy to see why New Yorkers have n’t had to worry about street gangs in any serious way for more than a decade .
By 1962 the group tensions and violence that previously arose in quarrels over “ turf ” and girls were all but totally relieved by a new kind of ghetto street worker — the dope pusher .
Heroin destroyed the gangs .
It ’s a good deal harder to say what began to bring the gangs back .
One major factor , clearly , was the emergence of the Black Panthers , the Black Muslims , and the Young Lords — groups of young people with at least the semblance of a program , a taste for violent confrontation if necessary , an interest in change , and a strong intolerance of hard drugs .
By the late 1960s it seemed as if half the blacks and Puerto Ricans in the Bronx had become members of , or at least identified strongly with , such groups .
Since then , calls for revolution and hassles over political doctrine appear to have lost their appeal .
They offer little to a sixteen - year - old with a father or a brother or sister who is a heroin addict .
Slowly , neighborhood gangs of young people , mostly teenagers but an astonishing number no older than ten , began to reappear .
At first , these new gangs — or “ cliques ” as they prefer to be called — showed little interest in violence just for the hell of it .
When they began , much of their anger was tightly focused on the dope traffic in their midst .
Independent of one another , many gangs began a reign of terror against pushers .
By early 1970 , when the city government awakened to their existence , these new gangs had pushed at least a portion of the heroin trade westward , across the Grand Concourse .
Instead of staging full - scale rumbles over turf here and there , cliques began sending out tentative peace feelers to one another .
In mid-January of 1971 the outlines of a remarkably sophisticated political alliance began to take shape .
A coalition known as the Brotherhood was forged by Ruben Maldonado , then president of the Royal Javelins , and Robert Williams , president of the Peacemakers , with the help of Eddie Vincenty , whom they enlisted as an utterly trustworthy adviser and middle man .
At the time , the Javelins and the Peacemakers were the two most heavily armed gangs in the Bronx , with single large divisions in the East Tremont area .
Within a month they were joined by the Young Sinners , the Reapers , and the Black Spades .
Outside agencies quickly became interested in the Bronx gangs .
The Young Lords and Será , a Federally - backed Spanish - speaking anti-poverty group , joined with the city ’s Youth Board to open a storefront center for the Ghetto Brothers , a large and vocal clique in the Southeast Bronx .
Various neighborhood groups with Federal funds began making overtures to gangs in the Tremont and Hunts Point areas .
But other outside groups began paying attention too .
Within days of a Daily News story on the Brotherhood last November , various New York equivalents of Krupp and Skoda — munitions salesmen dispatched by the organized black underworld , some gang members are convinced — were filtering through the Bronx ready to deal in hand guns , machine guns , grenades , and explosives .
Earlier this month , a large clique in the Northeast Bronx concluded a deal — one of the gang insists it was with the Black Panthers — for four high - powered rifles and “ several ” .38 revolvers .
Reported price : just under $ 300 .
With Bronx street gangs , as with nations , arms races tend to lead to disaster .
As a result , the delicate Family Treaty negotiated by Eddie Vincenty last November is rapidly losing whatever force it had .
The death of Emilio White on Vyse Avenue last month is no isolated case .
Some recent items :
February 18 : three all - white gangs from north of Fordham Road go south , with machetes , looking for Black Spades .
The Spades are nowhere to be found ; they are up north on the white gangs ’ turf , with guns .
February 24 : Robbie Williams , 21 , former Peacemaker president and co-founder of the Brotherhood , is stabbed outside his home on Vyse Avenue .
He is released from the hospital four days later , just in time to see his new daughter baptized .
March 12 : Anthony Rennie , a fourteen - year - old Black Assassin , is shot to death trying to negotiate a truce between his gang and the Shades of Black .
March 13 : the Young Saigons , a clique from 162nd Street , beat up on members of the Seven Immortals in the street near Morris High School .
Julio , president of the Immortals , heads to the Saigons ’ clubhouse to negotiate a peace , but nobody listens .
The ability of the Bronx police to deal effectively with today ’s well - armed street gangs may have been grievously compromised in a recent and bizarre event .
On February 29 , according to some gang members who say they were present , seven uniformed policemen shouldered their way into an apartment on Westchester Avenue , headquarters of the Seven Immortals clique , searched it , and in the process destroyed a television set and a record player .
On their way out , the Immortals say , the police paused long enough to scrawl an obscene message on the wall .
Their testimony is supported by Leonard Levitt , a reporter for the Time - Life News Service , who lodged a personal protest with police authorities after the incident .
Two days later , on March 2 , two members of the Seven Immortals and eight members of another clique , the Slicks , were arrested as a result of an altercation inside the Simpson Street police station .
Two cops were reportedly injured .
Members of the Immortals and the Slicks charge that the attack in the Simpson Street police station never took place .
They claim the whole incident was a frame - up , part of a continuing policy of police harassment .
Gang attitudes toward the police are a predictable compound of cynicism , mistrust and fear .
The litany of grievances ranges from major brutality to minor harassment at cops ’ hands .
Cruising police cars , more than one gang member says , habitually dart down a side street to intimidate a lone youth , only a lone youth , if he happens to be wearing his “ colors ” — his gang jacket .
Various members of the Royal Dutchmen , Young Sinners , and Sixth Division Black Spades claim to have been frisked by cops without cause , then had their jackets “ confiscated ” and told not to be caught wearing colors again .
Over the years , gangs have learned to cope .
They learned , among other things , that police were jotting down names they heard on the street and compiling dossiers at the station house .
To make the task harder , virtually all gang members take a nickname when they join a clique .
Even a gang member ’s closest friends may not know , or care , what his given name is .
“… Their chief form of punishment , administered in high seriousness , is a physical beating — of unpredictable severity … ”
But many gang members take a surprisingly pragmatic view of the police .
Cops , it seems , occasionally have their uses .
Last November , police of the Simpson Street station began to question members of the Mongols , a gang centered around Bryant Avenue and Westchester Avenue , about a murder that had occurred a few days before .
Some Mongols , suspecting that their own president , Lucky , had fingered some of his own people , began to plan an insurrection against his leadership .
To clear himself of their suspicions , Lucky went to the police and offered to tell them what he knew of the crime .
The police went along with him , made an arrest on the basis of his testimony , and cleared the Mongols they had questioned .
In so doing , the police got Lucky off the hook .
Like the police , the schools , too , have their uses , but the schools may not be so reliable .
According to Spectra , president of the Imperial Dutchmen , a member of his clique went to the principal of his high school asking for protection from a rival gang in the school .
The principal , Spectra says , advised the Dutchman to drop out permanently — ” in the best interests of all concerned . ”
The gangs have built a rigid , almost stifling social structure for themselves that stands in odd contrast to their near - total rejection of the outside world ’s institutions .
School does n’t interest them — at least half the teen - age gang members in the Bronx seem to be either total or partial dropouts — and government betrays .
On the surface , at least , they seem genuinely oblivious to the skin color of any man they regard as having an impact on their lives .
Ted Gross , a black man who directs the Youth Services Agency , is contemptuously dismissed by many as an “ Oreo cookie ” — black outside and white puff inside .
Lou Benza , a white assistant to Bronx Borough President Robert Abrams , is praised to the skies for his efforts to get gangs into storefront job - training centers .
( It ’s schools that the gangs put down , not education . )
The great majority of gang members live at home .
Many easily manage to keep their gang affiliations from their parents ; in many cases a “ home life ” can scarcely be said to exist .
Some gang members often spend days , weeks , and months on end living in basement and apartment headquarters throughout the Bronx .
This helps explain why gangs place such great importance on having a headquarters of their own — off the street and out of the way of the police .
The Royal Javelins solved their problem in an enterprising way .
They proposed , to a somewhat uncertain and probably intimidated building superintendent , that they be given the use of a three - room basement apartment , in return for which they would provide protection to the building ’s tenants and help keep the building clean .
Thus far , the arrangement has been working out to the apparent satisfaction of the landlord , whose tenants are “ taken off ” in the streets less often , and to the Javelins , who seem to find pleasure in their “ police ” responsibilities .
Between 60 and 70 gangs now have clubhouses in the Bronx .
Most of them are in basements , but a few , like those of the Javelins and the Seven Immortals , are in apartments .
Most of the clubhouses are “ leased ” under arrangements similar to the Javelins ’— in return for police and sanitation services , a place they can call their own .
But a fair number of other gangs , like the Reapers of 180th Street and Vyse Avenue , do n’t have a headquarters and swear they do n’t want one .
“ You ’ll never get me in a clubhouse , brother , ” said one young Reaper , nodding toward a passing police car .
“ There , the Man knows where you are , and he can come down on you whenever he wants . ”
He pulled a six - inch blade from the pocket of his denim jacket and said , “ Sometimes you just ca n’t afford to get popped in on , know what I mean ? ”
Like all gangs through time , today ’s Bronx cliques have their own notions of right and wrong .
Their code accords , in a broad way , with that of the society outside .
But their chief form of punishment , administered in high seriousness , is a physical beating — the severity of which is not always predictable .
A girl associated with the Majestic Warlocks was recently disciplined for having taken heroin and having lied about it to members of the gang .
To the Warlocks , the lie was as serious an offense as the deed itself .
In the Warlocks ’ basement headquarters , the girl , fully clothed , locked her arms around a column and received twenty strokes with a wooden paddle across her buttocks , ten strokes on each count .
The Royal Javelins favor a garrison belt ( not the buckle end ) on the bare back .
Several gangs use a wet towel .
Virtually all gangs collect weekly dues , usually a dollar or two , spent on firearms or for the improvement of the clubhouse .
Failure to pay dues on time is almost always grounds for punishment .
Other laws of conduct vary a good deal from clique to clique , but several rules are common to most .
The use of marijuana , alcohol , and LSD is generally condoned , but systemic addictives like cocaine , heroin and amphetamines are taboo .
First offenders are beaten .
Repeaters are often given a choice between expulsion from the gang or a far more severe beating .
Robbery — of outsiders as well as of one another — was becoming a punishable offense in some gangs , on the theory , strenuously argued by the gangs that formed the Brotherhood , that coexistence with the community would naturally lead to community support for the gangs .
It ’s impossible to guess whether the idea could catch on — especially if the Brotherhood should dissolve .
The gang leaders , invariably called presidents , derive their authority from what can only be called strength of character .
Above all , gang members respect courage .
Virtually all presidents , and their war counselors ( their seconds in command and first to strike a blow in a rumble ) , are articulate and , in their way , good administrators — good at delegating , good at getting things done .
Presidents are seldom elected .
They simply assume command , or are given it by acclamation , and they rule with unlimited authority until death , jail , or age intervenes , or until their magnetism gives out .
Some New Yorkers of a certain age — those able to nod knowingly at the drop of such names as the Amboy Dukes and the Redwings — will be tempted , as they ponder the return of the street gangs , to console themselves with the thought that the city has seen all this before .
They will be kidding themselves .
The city has never before seen so much factory - made firepower in so many youthful , organized hands .
Others may think that an old ally in repressing gang violence , heroin , will return .
That is less certain .
The gangs in the Bronx have been down on hard drugs for several years now , and while no one can say whether they will stay that way , that is the present fact .
No one , though , will assume that against the possibility of gang violence in the streets on a tragic scale there is a sensible , adequately financed plan equal to the threat .
Panthers Name Additional Rochester Coaching Staff by Staff Writer / Florida Panthers
SUNRISE , Fla . – Florida Panthers Executive Vice President & General Manager Dale Tallon announced today that Jason Cipolla will return as the assistant coach for the Rochester Americans ( AHL ) .
In addition , Bob Janosz has been named as Rochester ’s goaltending coach and Adam Reynolds has been named Rochester ’s strength & conditioning coach .
“ Jason , Bob and Adam will all play instrumental roles in the development of our players in Rochester , ” said Tallon .
“ They will work closely with head coach Chuck Weber to create a winning environment that will be beneficial for the growth of our young players . ”
Cipolla , 36 , has spent the last three seasons working as an assistant coach for Rochester ( 2007 - 2010 ) .
He brings to the club more than 15 seasons of playing experience , having appeared in 701 career games between North America and Europe .
He won one championship in his career , capturing the 1997 Kelly Cup Championship with the South Carolina Stingrays .
Cipolla played in 299 AHL games with St. John ’s ( 1994 -1997 ) , Rochester ( 1999 - 2001 ) and Manitoba ( 2001 - 02 ) , registering 62 goals and 102 assists .
In 1999 - 00 , Cipolla helped Rochester reach its last Calder Cup Final .
In 145 games with the Americans he recorded 35 goals and 59 assists for 94 points
Janosz , 33 , returns to Rochester after spending the 2008 - 09 season as the club ’s goaltending and video coach .
The Elma , NY native has spent time with both the Muskegon Fury ( UHL ) and Arkansas Riverblades ( ECHL ) .
Before entering the coaching ranks , Janosz played for the Canisius College Griffins ( 1995 - 99 ) where he posted a 27 - 28 - 9 record and made 2,013 saves in 70 career games .
Reynolds joins the Rochester staff after serving as a conditioning specialist and chiropractor for Shape Health & Wellness in Toronto .
He has also worked as a personal trainer for Extreme Fitness ( 2006 - 07 ) , as well as a personal trainer at the University of Western Ontario ( 2001 -05 ) .
The Toronto , Ontario native earned his Doctor of Chiropractic in 2009 , Certified Strength and Specialist in 2007 and his Bachelor of Health Sciences from the University of Western Ontario in 2005 .
Sunrise Sports & Entertainment is the premier company of its kind in South Florida .
Follow us on Twitter , Facebook and YouTube .
Home to more than 200 events annually and the Florida Panthers Hockey Club , the BankAtlantic Center was a finalist for Arena of the Year in annual awards given by trade publication Pollstar .
The BankAtlantic Center welcomes more than two million guests each year .
View Less
The following is a guest blog post from Wilbefast .
1 month ago , over at moddb.com :
Silverfisk : BTW
I like your posts on the Wolfire Blog , you should make some more . :)
Wilbefast : I may well write again for Wolfire : John is keen at any rate , though I 'm torn between saving my best posts for my own blog , and posting them somewhere where they 'll get a lot of views :-P
Silverfisk :
You should post them on the Wolfire Blog and then get people to your blog that way .
Readers FTW ! B )
Wilbefast :
Ah well , who am I to disagree with a fisk ?
I 've had something brewing for a while : I 'll write to John ;-)
This one goes out to all you Swedes : stay blonde .
INTRODUCTION
At this year 's GDC Jonatan Söderström , aka " Cactus " gave a talk entitled " abusing your players just for fun " .
Here 's hoping I wo n't be hunted down and beaten to death with allen keys
Here 's hoping I wo n't be hunted down and beaten to death with allen keys
He was being a bit tongue - in - cheek with the title .
The general idea was actually more that we should stop fretting so much about our audience .
Cactus believes that " worrying about what your player may be feeling and if they feel comfortable can compromise your vision as a designer . "
He wants to encourage more people to take a stab at making their own game , which is a nice thought .
The more the merrier right ?
Trouble is , here at the indie - buffet we 're sort of up to our necks in rough - cut games .
As Chris Hecker put it ( also at GDC 2010 ) " We need more depth and understanding , we do n't need more wacky ideas and shallow games " .
If we 're short of anything it 's polished titles like " World of Goo " or " Aquaria " , and part of being polished is taking your audience into consideration .
Wait there 's a warning : ' may cause super crude , spontaneous emulations of Kyler Gabler 's art style '
Wait there 's a warning : ' may cause super crude , spontaneous emulations of Kyler Gabler 's art style '
Take it from me : there 's nothing easier than making your game frustrating because , by the time you release it , you 'll be more than comfortable with whatever quirks it may have .
What 's difficult is gauging how well a new player will cope with what you 're putting on the table , because this means seeing your work through the eyes of someone uninitiated to it .
I was too comfortable with Supersoldat 's lack of friction an refused to change it , so testers suggested I instead change the name to something more ' appropriate ' .
I was too comfortable with Supersoldat 's lack of friction an refused to change it , so testers suggested I instead change the name to something more ' appropriate ' .
Cactus may get away with abusing his players just for fun , but he 's well recognised enough to be invited to talk at the GDC .
I for one can't afford even to momentarily bore or annoy my audience , because they 'll drop me like a hot coal and move on to something else .
It 's not like there 's any shortage of free alternatives for them to try ( none of my games are on that list - ledsen ) .
You do n't get any favours when nobody 's heard of you ( not that any of my games actually are any good ) .
I do n't want to be all negative though , so how about something constructive ?
Let 's have a look at " how not to make your game abusive " , so as to preserve the universal balance of ... the universe ?
To do so we 'll be exploring three problems which can contribute to making your game particularly annoying : repetition , randomness and incoherence .
REPETITION
Man was not made to perform repetitive tasks
You might think that hard games are automatically more frustrating than easy ones , but that 's not necessarily the case .
What 's really frustrating is the repetition brought about by all the trial and error .
Say you complete three challenges but are defeated by a fourth .
Most likely you 'll be raring to give this final challenge another try .
This enthusiasm is a good thing , if it 's channelled correctly , but it can quickly turn to frustration , say , if you 're forced to repeat the three previous challenges before you can have another go at the fourth .
The actual difficulty of the challenges is pretty irrelevant , so long as they 're fair : it 's a good idea to avoid cheap deaths .
If you stick to something for long enough , you 're bound to improve
If you stick to something for long enough , you 're bound to improve
For example , in Gish , there 's a tunnel with a series of half - pipes the player must accelerate down a chute to gain enough momentum to pop back up and over a barrier .
Now , perhaps I just suck , but it took me a good dozen tries to make it past each one : climbing back up the tunnel , letting myself fall to gather speed , silently pleading with the game and finally swearing out loud when I ( just ) did n't make it .
Bear in mind that I never found the secret used in the above video to skip past the beginning and to gain extra momentum .
This would all have been fine though if there had n't been a booby - trap at the end of the tunnel , that submerges you in a horde of enemies .
Back to square one , a good dozen times .
What 's a dozen squared ?
Hundra fyrtiofyra !
Yeah , yeah , blame the Joker ...
Yeah , yeah , blame the Joker ...
" Escape " mechanics such as the ability to rewind in " Prince of Persia : The Sands of Time " or the grappling hook in " Batman : Arkham Asylum " can help avoid cheap , accidental deaths , and checkpoints and regenerating health can go a long way towards reducing unnecessary repetition .
These techniques all run the risk of making the game too easy though , which in turn can make it boring ( boredom is the yin to frustration 's yang ) .
Check out John 's " How saving mechanics affect fun " post for more on this topic .
A better idea is to give the player some freedom , either to complete each challenge multiple different ways , or to defer it entirely and work on something else in the meantime .
In " Hitman " the option of just shooting everyone is a good way of venting your frustration and / or " cheating " your way past levels that you 're finding too difficult .
Meanwhile nothing 's stopping hardcore player from suffering for their coveted " Silent Assassin " award .
Everybody wins .
Also , if the player can advance on multiple fronts as in World of Goo , they are less likely to get completely stuck and quit .
Coincidently World of Goo also allows players to skip a given number of levels and come back to them later .
Similarily in " Starcraft " you are advised , not forced , to complete the three factions ' campaigns in a specific order .
Those who 've pre-ordered Overgrowth can find more on the subject in this thread .
With 3 wolves and a knife , there 's only one way of winning With 3 wolves and a knife , there 's only one way of winning
One of reasons Lugaru 's fabled " three wolves level " is frustrating for so many is that there 's only one way of getting past : you fight a wolf and win , then you fight another wolf and win , then you fight a third wolf and win .
In other levels you can use a combination of stealth and weaponry , but wolves can't really be crept up on , and there are no spare weapons to be found .
As such , there 's only one solution : the most obvious one .
All you can do is keep trying until you succeed .
If we add some different enemies and weapons , there are soon many more possibilities
If we add some different enemies and weapons , there are soon many more possibilities
Our subconscious minds are very good at working away at problems we 're not actually focused on .
This is why you can often perform a lot better if you take a break from what you 're doing and come back to it later rather than beating your head against it for hours on end .
As a designer you can use this fact to your advantage , by limiting the amount of compulsary repetition .
Of course , if you open up too many possiblities , alternate maths and strategies , then the player will get lost .
So some repetition is important : aside from it enabling you to reuse assets and mechanics , and to ensure that an important skillset is acquired , it gives the game a degree of coherency which is important for making the player feel comfortable .
INCOHERENCE
Coherence , or lack thereof is all about the audience 's expectations .
The human mind is superb when it comes to recognizing patterns , and we expect patterns to continue .
If not , the world we 're experiencing seems incoherent , and our suspension of disbelief is broken .
There are many kinds of incoherence .
The first , incoherence with reality , is the most common .
Games that present a realistic world are more at risk here than ones that are purely abstract : the more the game looks like the real world , the more players will expect to be able to realistically interact with it .
For example , in David 's Aquaria design tour he mentioned being disappointed when his poisoned food did nothing to hurt a boss , even though nothing in the game had ever suggested that such a tactic might work .
Many adventure games ask the player to apply their real - world reasoning to in - game problems , and as such are plagued by this issue .
Often you 'll think of a solution that the designer had n't predicted , which generally results in a very frustrating and illogical " I can't " .
Art of Theft was great , but the Chzo Mythos is full of the sort of issues Yahtzee spends his time complaining about Art of Theft was great , but the Chzo Mythos is full of the sort of issues Yahtzee spends his time complaining about
The second kind of incoherence is internal incoherence .
In " Aliens versus Predator " ( the new one ) one of the characters ( the Predator ) can jump unbelievable distances , but only to and from specific areas .
Players are quick to accept that make - believe creatures with super - human strength can exist within a game - world , but if said creature can lift a car one minute and can't pick up trashcan the next , it will make the game a little frustrating to play because the reality you 're presented is n't coherent even with itself .
Many games advertise cinematic gameplay with large amounts of quick - time events and cutscenes .
This is all very well , but it 's disappointing to watch your character perform amazing acrobatics and feats of strength during pre-rendered clips , only to find yourself unable to do anything much in - game .
This is because the designer has created expectations they can't or wo n't fullfill .
This is how legendary forumite Renegade_Turner imagines I would look and sound .
It really is n't .
The final kind of incoherence is less important than the other two , but still worth taking into consideration .
It is incoherence with the genre .
It 's generally accepted that in an FPS the mouse will control the camera or that in an RTS the " shift " key will let you select multiple units or queue multiple orders .
I 'm not going to tell you to avoid going against these conventions , but if you do you 'd better have a good reason .
To give you an example , over the years the number one criticism I 've had about " Supersoldat " is that you can't control the character 's movement while he's in the air .
This is not a game that has any shortage of bugs , glitches or unattained ambitions , but players are adament that the main thing that I should change is the one thing that makes it different from most other platform games .
Likewise several people suggested I add guns to " Zombie Run " , despite the game being about running away from zombies rather than shooting them ( for a change ) .
Food for thought ?
RANDOMNESS
To quote Sid Meier , also speaking at GDC 2010 but not a Swede : " any kind of randomness needs to be treated with a lot of care . "
If random numbers are entirely responsible for determing the outcome of the player 's actions , the game just wo n't seem fair !
You might find this hard to believe if you play a lot of roleplaying games , where random numbers are king .
However , in most RPGs the gameplay is n't specifically about beating a given elf with a stick or hacking a computer or picking a lock .
It 's about tipping the odds in your favour beforehand , choosing your battles correctly and knowing when to withdraw if things go pear - shaped .
If in " Diablo " your character also chose their equipment , their confrontations and when to run at random , the game would n't be much fun at all .
Or would it ?
Little bit of ( random ) general knowledge here : the " random " numbers spat out by your computer are n't " truly random " .
Given a specific " seed " , the function will always produce the same series of numbers ( I generally use the date and time as a seed ) .
Then again " random " is a completely abstract , human concept .
" Random " simply means " unpredictable " , unless you 're a quantum physicist ( in which case : God does n't play with dice - have n't you heard ? )
As such , if your game obeys a perfectly deterministic logic that the player can't get their head around , it will be just as frustrating as if it were totally random .
After all , " totally random " litterally means " obeying a perfectly deterministic logic that we just can't get our heads around " .
Yes , I 'm talking to you , quantum - physicist - man .
This image has no place in this paragraph .
Ironically , this makes it the perfect example of randomness .
So it does have a place .
Only it does n't because it does .
Ah!
Run !
This image has no place in this paragraph .
Ironically , this makes it the perfect example of randomness .
So it does have a place .
Only it does n't because it does .
Ah!
Run !
What this means is that procedural content , even if it uses no random numbers whatsoever , can create the illusion of random .
In " Left 4 Dead " you sometimes get lucky , or get massacred , due to how the game populates levels with ammunition and enemies .
The lack of repetition comes at the expense of making the game seem a little less fair .
I 've just released a new game called " Murder Man " , featuring more neat music by Henrik R. Funny when you think about it : here I am writing a post that will probably earn me a good number of hits on my shiny new site just when I need them .
What a coincidence !
Anyway , shameless self - advertising aside , this new game uses AI - driven characters , whose decisions are partly based on random numbers .
As a result the score you 're given at the end may not perfectly reflect your actual skill , but rather a combination of skill and luck .
Perhaps this is why it has n't done very well in it 's first fortnight .
CONCLUSION
Art has always been governed by a set of norms and conventions , which might seem unnatural or restrictive to some .
One of our medium 's conventions states that games should be fun , and many people have a problem with this .
Some rules are made to be broken , but others exist for a good reason .
All I 'm suggesting is that new designers follow the guidelines when they 're starting out , for their own good and for that of their audience .
Remember that even Pablo Picasso did n't start his career drawing ( to use the technical term ) " all funny " .
He started off following the rules .
Only when he 'd understood the conventions could he justify breaking them , and move on to paying the bill at restaurants by doodling on a tablecloth .
This is the saddest thing about art : how a doodle becomes a work of art simply because it 's signed by the right hand .
How a work of art can become a doodle when it is n't .
For example , a few years ago a world famous violinist , Joshua Bell , gave busking a try for an experiment .
You probably do n't want to know just how badly it went for him ( I 'm sure in Sweden it would have been a different story ) .
In the meantime a group of Australian comedians were litterally dumping their garabage in art galleries ( see above video ) , just to see if anyone would bat an eyelid .
Again , you do n't want to know .
Also known as ' allen keydo ' .
Ikea is just a front for the Swedes ' evil conspiracy .
Beware !
Also known as ' allen keydo ' .
Ikea is just a front for the Swedes ' evil conspiracy .
Beware !
But wait !
My point is n't that Picasso , or Bell , or Cactus are being praised for doodles or garbage just because they are well - known .
This I can not stress enough .
My point is simply that because they are well known they are given the benefit of the doubt .
As a result , their work is not immediately discarded , and so is given the time to speak for itself .
To misquote non-Swede Ben Crowshaw ( aka " Yahtzee " ) , publishing your work on the internet " is kind of like throwing messages in bottles into a churning sea made up entirely of messages in bottles " .
On the off chance that somebody does actually download your game some day , you do n't want to tempt fate by tossing aside too many conventions all at once .
Not at least until you 've earned some degree of recognition playing by the rules .
There is also no point discarding norms just for the sake of it : novelty is forgotten a lot more quickly than quality .
But what do I know : Cactus probably released more quality games in the time it took me to pen this mammoth post than I will in my entire life .
Extra points for anyone who can tell me how many Swedes were harmed in the making of this post .
Ohio Bankruptcy Information – FAQs
What is bankruptcy ?
Bankruptcy is the legal method for a debtor to discharge or relieve debt .
It is a way for people , who owe more money than they can pay , to either work out a plan to repay the money over time or to have their debt wiped out .
While no debtor is guaranteed a total discharge , most debtors who file for bankruptcy are given such relief .
One of the primary purposes of the bankruptcy act is to relieve the honest debtor from the weight of oppressive indebtedness and to provide the debtor with a fresh start .
Title 11 of the United States Code regulates these filings .
Ohio bankruptcy lawyers help you navigate the Bankruptcy Code , which regulates what chapter you must file under , what bills can be eliminated , how long payments may be extended , what possessions you may keep , and all other details concerning the discharge of your debt .
How do I know if I should file a bankruptcy ?
You should consult an Ohio bankruptcy lawyer if any or all of the following apply to you OR if you think any or all of these may apply to you in the near future :
You are struggling to make minimum payments to creditors ,
You are receiving harassing telephone calls from creditors and / or collection agencies ,
You have taken out a payday loan ,
You have taken out cash advances on your credit cards ,
You have refinanced your home or vehicle to pay back other creditors ,
You are using credit cards for daily necessities ,
You have been sued and are facing a wage garnishment ,
Your car has been repossessed or sold by your lender ,
Your home is in foreclosure or has been foreclosed , and / or
You have a utility disconnect notice .
What if I am married ?
If you are married , you may file a joint petition or an individual petition .
If you decide to file an individual petition , your spouse ’s credit will not jeopardized .
Will a bankruptcy ruin my credit ?
Unfortunately , by the time you consider filing , your credit may already be ruined .
Bankruptcy will put you in the position to redeem your credit and give you a fresh start .
Most clients typically start receiving multiple offers of credit about 90 days after filing a Chapter 7 , because your debt to income ratio has gone to zero .
So , it can actually become a tool to rebuild your credit .
Ohio bankruptcy lawyers can help you understand the potential impact on your credit situation .
Will I have to go to court ?
Yes , but you do n’t have to do it alone .
Attorney Cydrus , as your personal Ohio bankruptcy lawyer , will prepare you for what to expect , and will accompany you in front of the Trustee assigned to your case .
The typical length of an individual hearing is approximately 7 minutes .
During this time , the Trustee will verify your identification and that the answers you provided to the court when filing are true and accurate .
Will I lose any property ?
Everyone who files is allowed to keep and maintain a certain amount of property .
Attorney Cydrus will analyze your financial situation and personally assist you in choosing the best solution for you .
The vast majority of people who file bankruptcy do not lose any property — just their debt !
Will everyone know I filed bankruptcy ?
Chances are you work with or interact with several people that have filed bankruptcy , and you do n’t know it .
It is public record , but unless you are a prominent person and the media picks it up , chances are no one but your attorney , creditors , and Trustee will know unless you tell them .
The number of filings is so massive , that unless someone was specifically trying to track down Ohio bankruptcy information on you , there is little likelihood anyone else would know .
Can I file for bankruptcy more than once ?
Yes , but there is a required wait between filings .
You can only file Chapter 7 once every eight years .
You have to wait two years to repeat a Chapter 13 filing and four years between a Chapter 7 and a Chapter 13 case in order to get into a lower percentage rate plan .
If you have filed for either previously , an Ohio bankruptcy lawyer can determine if / when you ’re eligible to file .
Is filing for bankruptcy morally wrong ?
No .
There is a basis for debt relief laws in the U.S. Constitution and the English Common Law .
Being in too much debt is financial slavery .
Bankruptcy helps to end financial slavery .
Most of our clients are suffering from circumstances that are beyond their control , such as temporary job or income loss , illness , divorce , or other economic crisis .
It is often creditors that force people to file bankruptcy by charging exorbitant interest rates , late fees , and utilizing unscrupulous collection tactics .
How much does bankruptcy cost ?
In the state of Ohio , there is a Federal Court Filing Fee of $ 299 for a Chapter 7 and $ 274 for a Chapter 13 .
These fees must be paid prior to filing the case .
Additionally , there are attorney fees .
However , the fees are dependent upon the simplicity / complexity of your case and which chapter you are filing .
The cost is determined during a free consultation with your Ohio bankruptcy lawyer .
In some cases attorney fees are deferred .
How long does it take to file bankruptcy ?
This varies greatly on your situation and your preferences .
We will give you all the Ohio bankruptcy information you need .
Once you have everything in order , and you give us the go ahead , we can file your case .
I ’m still not sure bankruptcy is for me .
Should I wait to come in for the consultation when or if I decide to file ?
NO !
This is one of the biggest misconceptions .
It is best to come in as soon as you think you may need some financial relief .
The initial consultation evaluates your entire situation .
This means that your Ohio bankruptcy lawyer will be able to let you know if you qualify for a Chapter 7 or Chapter 13 , when you would want to file your case , and provide you with legal advice in regards to your financial future .
After meeting with Ohio bankruptcy lawyers , some clients do not file for a year , while others file within a week .
It is best to know your options in the event you do decide you need to file .
Since the consultation is free , you do n’t have to worry about whether this is best for you now .
You can make that decision later and be confident it is the right decision since you will be equipped with the proper knowledge .
Do n’t wait until you have lost everything !
Bankruptcy can be the tool you need for the fresh start that you deserve !
Call us today or contact us to schedule your free consultation with an expert Ohio bankruptcy lawyer .
Israel Air Force Photo Gallery by xnir at pbase.com
Click
Here to view my aircraft photos at Airliners .
Net !
Click
Here to view my aircraft photos at JetPhotos .
Net !
Click
Here to go to the official IDF / AF site !
Click
Here to see my photos at F - 16. net site !
All images are © By : Nir Ben - Yosef , AKA : xnir ** All rights reserved **
לקבלת מידע על רכישת צילומים נא לפנות רק במייל ולא דרך המסרים באת ר photo.xnir@gmail.com .
For purchasing information please contact me at photo.xnir@gmail.com and not thru the site messages .
10X
Operation Cast Lead
Israeli Air Force Flight Test Center
An F - 16 Ride
IDF tattoo - Israel 's 60th Independence Day
Israel Air Force Flight Academy course # 150 graduation and Air Show
Israel Air Force Flight Academy course # 151 graduation and Air Show
Israel Air Force Flight Academy course # 152 graduation and Air Show
Israel Air Force Flight Academy course # 155 graduation and Air Show
Israel Air Force Flight Academy course # 156 graduation and Air Show
Israel Air Force Flight Academy course # 157 graduation and Air Show
Israel Air Force Flight Academy course # 158 graduation and Air Show
Israel Air Force Flight Academy course # 159 graduation and Air Show
Israel Air Force Flight Academy course # 160 graduation and Air Show
Israel Air Force Flight Academy course # 161 graduation and Air Show
Israel Air Force Flight Academy course # 162 graduation and Air Show
Israel Air Force Flight Academy course # 163 graduation and Air Show
Israel Air Force Flight Academy course # 164 graduation and Air Show
F - 15 Eagle , Israel Air Force
F - 16 Fighting Falcon ( Viper )
Aerobatics
Lockheed C- 130 Hercules
Sikorsky CH - 53 yasour
The Israeli Air Force Museum
miscellaneous
secure
Cargo Aces and friends ...
Boeing 707 Re'em
A - 4 Skyhawk ( improved Ahit )
Texan II T - 6A
Eurocopter SA565 Panther ' Atalef ' .
Israel Air Force / Navy
Eurocopter SA565 Panther ' Atalef ' .
Israel Air Force / Navy
Eurocopter SA565 Panther ' Atalef ' .
Israel Air Force / Navy
Whether mom's golden child or her black sheep , siblings who sense that their mother consistently favors or rejects one child over others are more likely to show depressive symptoms as middle - aged adults , finds a new study by Cornell gerontologist Karl Pillemer .
Prior research has shown that parental favoritism among siblings negatively affects mental health and often triggers behavioral problems in children , teens and young adults , but the survey of 275 Boston - area families , co-directed by Purdue sociologist Jill Suitor , is the first to show that such harmful effects persist long into adulthood .
" Perceived favoritism from one 's mother still matters to a child 's psychological well - being , even if they have been living for years outside the parental home and have started families of their own , " said Pillemer , the Hazel E. Reed Professor in the Department of Human Development and associate dean for extension and outreach in the College of Human Ecology , about his paper in the Journal of Marriage and Family ( April 2010 ) .
" It does n't matter whether you are the chosen child or not , the perception of unequal treatment has damaging effects for all siblings , " he added .
" The less favored kids may have ill will toward their mother or preferred sibling , and being the favored child brings resentment from one 's siblings and the added weight of greater parental expectations . "
Favoritism may be difficult for mothers to avoid , however , as the researchers found that 70 percent of moms surveyed named a child to whom they felt closest and only 15 percent of children saw equal treatment by their mothers .
Similarly , 92 percent of children and 73 percent of mothers specified a child with whom the mother battled most frequently .
The study , which controlled for family size , race and other factors , drew on interviews with 275 mothers in their 60s and 70s with at least two living adult children and also surveys of 671 offspring of the women .
In addition to questions about emotional closeness or excessive conflict with a particular child , mothers and children were asked about the mother 's expectations for who will care for her when she becomes ill or disabled .
When mothers designated a child as her caregiver , all children suffered greater depressive symptoms , though the children 's perceptions of their mother 's preference did not relate to their mental health .
The findings could lead to new therapies for practitioners who work with later - life families , Pillemer said .
" We have a powerful norm in our society that parents should treat kids equally , so favoritism can be something of a taboo topic .
If counselors can help older parents and adult children bring some of these issues into the open , it may help prevent family conflict from arising . "
In addition to Suitor , other co-authors include Charles Henderson , senior research associate in human development , and Ph.D. student Seth Pardo , both of Cornell .
OUTBACK towns of Australia , Mad Max wants you .
But you must be small , deserted and definitely dry .
Heavy rainfall has left Broken Hill looking a little too lush for the producers of Mad Max 4 : Fury Road , who have had to delay filming in the outback town , sparking speculation they may be looking for another outback dustbowl .
Menindee Road , Broken Hill , where filming for Mad Max II took place but is now too green for the latest instalment .
Credit : GAVIN SCHMIDT
'' You ca n't kick up any dust , it 's too green and moist and they need dry and dusty , '' said Hugh Gough , of the Caledonian Bed & Breakfast in Broken Hill .
The Mundi Mundi Plains were surveyed for the film last year but vegetation has since sprung up .
About 200 crew members are in Broken Hill for the pre-production phase , but filming has now been postponed until January .
A worker installs solar panels on the roof of a building in the northern German city of Bremen .
Some of the world 's most developed nations are expected to announce initiatives to cooperate on clean energy after a top policy board warned that the world 's current path on power was unsustainable .
Some of the world 's most developed nations were expected Tuesday to announce initiatives to cooperate on clean energy after a top policy board warned that the world 's current path on power was unsustainable .
Senior officials from 21 economies making up 80 percent of global Gross Domestic Product were holding talks Monday and Tuesday in Washington in a US initiative billed as the highest - level meeting yet on shifting to green energy .
While few expect announcements
Tuesday to be ground - breaking , they would mark a rare point of common ground amid a stalemate in global negotiations on drafting a new climate treaty .
" The goal here is not to discuss what one might agree upon , " said US Energy Secretary Steven Chu , the meeting 's host .
" Our goal here today is to take concrete actions . "
The meeting opened to a dire warning from Nobuo Tanaka , executive director of the International Energy Agency ( IEA ) , which advises major economies , who invoked the three - month BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
" Without major changes to the way we produce and in energy use , we will confront untenable risks to our collective energy security and to the environment in the future , " Tanaka told the delegates .
" Indeed , the Deepwater Horizon accident in the Gulf of Mexico is a tragic reminder of this , " he said .
The IEA said in a recent study that barring a shift from fossil fuels , energy - related carbon dioxide emissions -- which are blamed for global warming -- would nearly double by 2050 .
The IEA said that , even leaving aside environmental benefits , a decision to make more than half of light vehicles eco-friendly by 2050 would save global consumers 112 trillion dollars -- although the costs of adjustment would be 46 trillion dollars .
" We still have formidable challenges before us , but each day we wait , the challenge becomes harder .
Every year of delay adds 500 billion US dollars to the cost of action , " Tanaka said .
Chu later announced one US initiative -- lighter - colored paint on the roof of the Energy Department headquarters along with other agency buildings outside of Washington .
He said the project , to begin this summer , would better cool buildings and reflect more of the sun 's heat , leading to thousands of dollars in annual savings on air - conditioning .
" Cool roofs are one of the quickest and lowest cost ways we can reduce our global carbon emissions and begin the hard work of slowing climate change , " Chu said , adding that he would recommend that other US departments follow suit .
The energy meeting , which Chu expected to be the first of several , is an offshoot of the US - led Major Economies Forum , a gathering of the biggest nations that is trying to eke out progress in global climate negotiations .
The Kyoto Protocol 's obligations on cutting carbon emissions run out at the end of 2012 , but key nations have butted heads on what to do afterward .
The Center for Strategic and International Studies , a Washington think - tank , in a study last week recommended cooperation in alternative energy as a way forward on climate , but warned it would not be enough to meet global targets .
The think - tank advised as one step that China and India should join the IEA to coordinate energy policies , saying that considering their consumption levels , " the absence of these two giants is hard to defend . "
Tanaka supports bringing the two nations into the IEA , but rules dictate that the two nations would also need to join the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development , meeting the club 's standards for market economies .
Explore further Nations to seek clean energy cooperation
( c ) 2010 AFP
BlizzCon beta codes appear to be working for Cataclysm , meaning if you have one that 's unused , you should be able to redeem it at http://www.worldofwa...eta-signup.html .
Thanks to one of our readers for the tip on this , originating from this post on the EU forums .
Keep in mind this is only for codes currently unused ; if you used it in the past to get into TBC or WotLK betas then it can't be redeemed again
TOP HATS
Do I really need to say more ?
Cataclysm is introducing the best item ever : the top hat .
[ Lord Walden 's Top Hat ] is a quest reward during the Worgen starting experience , which sadly is Bind on Pickup .
Still , you 'll be the talk of the town with this marvellous piece of equipment .
Garrosh Hellscream's New Model
While you 've probably already seen this elsewhere based on modelviewer screenshots , there 's something to be said about seeing a new character model within the game for the first time -- especially where it belongs .
This is Garrosh Hellscream 's new model , rightly staking claim to the throne within Grommash Hold in Orgrimmar .
Cataclysm User Interface Changes !
It 's A Town - In - A - Box
Goblin ingenuity at its finest -- they 've managed to fit an entire town in a box .
This quest hub is phased in after completing the initial , smaller island in The Lost Isles .
You ride a rocket over to the larger island and must set off a pile of explosives to open the Town - In - A - Box .
Mechanical Sharks , WITH FREAKIN ' LASERS
The title should say it all .
A quest where you pilot a mechanical shark with a laser , to kill another shark .
How amazing is that ?
Cataclysm Beta Class Changes !
A Brown Pelican prepares to enter the water at the Egmont Key National Wildlife Refuge near St. Petersburg May 23 , 2010 .
The bird was rescued and cleaned by U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service after being found oiled near Louisiana 's coast .
The Deepwater Horizon oil spill is in its third month with no end in sight .
Here 's where things stand now in the Gulf of Mexico .
How much oil is still gushing ?
No one knows exactly how much oil is escaping BP 's oil collection system ( series of pipes drawing oil from leak to surface ships ) and entering Gulf waters .
Government estimates peg the leak at 35,000 to 60,000 barrels per day , which translates to between 1.5 million and 2.5 million gallons .
Of that , BP is now collecting upward of 20,000 barrels per day .
On June 29 , the company recovered 25,220 barrels , bringing the total collected since the beginning of the spill to 508,700 barrels .
Where is the oil ?
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) 's nearshore trajectory predictions for the spill show it hovering off the Gulf Coast as far west as the Rockefeller State Wildlife Preserve and Game Refuge in the western part of Louisiana .
The oil slick stretches as far east as Port St. Joe in northwestern Florida .
NOAA is no longer forecasting the movement of oil out at sea , but the slick is not currently expected to enter the Loop Current , which could draw it around the Florida Peninsula and into the greater Atlantic .
However , giant plumes of oil and gas are still present thousands of feet below the surface of the Gulf .
The plumes are made of a mixture of oil , gas and seawater .
They 've been spotted radiating out from the blown well in all directions , University of Georgia marine scientist Samantha Joye said at a June 22 media briefing .
The southwest plume has been traced over 20 miles from the well , while another plume extends more than 30 miles ( 48 kilometers ) to the Northeast .
The plumes are rich in methane gas , which is an energy source for some undersea microbes .
These microbes seem to be noshing on the methane and multiplying , depleting the oxygen in the water column .
In the long run , Joye said , that oxygen deprivation could affect the Gulf ecosystem by harming populations of plankton , the base of the oceanic food chain .
Where has the oil made landfall ?
Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama and northwest Florida have all experienced oiled shorelines .
In late May , Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal told reporters that 65 miles of his state 's coastline were contaminated .
On June 28 , oil began to wash ashore near Biloxi , Miss. , driving tourists from popular beaches .
Meanwhile , the Alabama Department of Public Health has issued a swimming advisory for beaches in the eastern part of the state where oil has been spotted .
Beach advisories are also in place near Pensacola , Fla. , where a substantial amount of oil in the form of tar balls reportedly washed ashore the first week of June .
How many animals have been affected by the spill ?
Gulf wildlife is still facing fallout from the oil spill .
According to NOAA , 583 sea turtles were stranded in the oil spill area between April 30 and June 28 .
Of those , 432 were found dead and four died after being rescued .
A total of 136 turtles are currently in rehabilitation centers , and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is coordinating an effort to remove up to 70,000 turtle eggs from at - risk beaches .
[ Animals affected by oil spill ]
In the same April - to - June time period , 55 dolphins were found stranded in the oil spill area .
Only two survived .
While cause of death has not been determined , dolphin strandings are up this year , according to NOAA .
According to U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and NOAA numbers , 1,185 visibly oiled birds had been pulled from Gulf waters and beaches as of June 29 .
More than 300 of those were found dead , as were another 829 without external evidence of oil .
What effect is Hurricane Alex having ?
Hurricane
Alex 's path took it far from the blown - out wellhead , but the storm temporarily shut down oil - skimming efforts in the Gulf .
The storm 's churning also pushed more oil toward shore , staining beaches in Alabama and Louisiana .
But there is some good news , Coast Guard Commander Joe Higgens told the Associated Press on Wednesday :
The rough seas have helped break apart at least one 6 - by - 30 mile patch of surface oil .
The dispersant effect of the waves could help some slicks evaporate before they hit the shore .
Even so , the Gulf is bracing for a potentially intense hurricane season ahead .
What is the status of the relief well ?
Will it end the spill ?
BP continues to drill two relief wells in an attempt to intercept the spill far below the ocean floor .
According to a June 28 statement from the company , the first relief well is now 16,546 feet ( 5,043 meters ) deep , close to its 18,000 foot ( 5,486 meter ) target .
The second relief well has reached a depth of 12,038 feet ( 3,669 meters ) .
The wells are n't slated to intercept the blown - out well until at least August , at which point they 'll begin to pump heavy fluids into the wellbore to kill the oil and gas flow .
The relief wells are the best hope for stopping the spill .
If they fail , engineers might try rerouting the collected oil through undersea pipelines to existing production rigs in the Gulf , government officials announced last week .
The pipelines would replace the current collection ships , which must operate right above the well and are susceptible to hurricanes .
The possible spread of the oil spill from the Deepwater Horizon rig over the course of one year was studied in a series of computer simulations by a team of researchers from the School of Ocean and Earth Science and Technology ( SOEST ) at the University of Hawaii at Manoa .
The simulations suggest that the coastlines near the Carolinas , Georgia , and Northern Florida could see the effects of the oil spill as early as October 2010 , while the main branch of the subtropical gyre is likely to transport the oil film towards Europe , although strongly diluted .
Eight million buoyant particles were released continuously from April 20 to September 17 , 2010 , at the location of the Deepwater Horizon oil rig .
The release occurred in ocean flow data from simulations conducted with the high - resolution Ocean General Circulation Model for the Earth Simulator ( OFES ) .
" The paths of the particles were calculated in 8 typical OFES years over 360 days from the beginning of the spill , " says Fabian Schloesser , a PhD student from the Department of Oceanography in SOEST , who worked on these simulations with Axel Timmermann and Oliver Elison Timm from the International Pacific Research Center , also in SOEST .
" From these 8 typical years , 5 were selected to create an animation for which the calculated extent of the spill best matches current observational estimates . "
The dispersal of the particles does not capture such effects as oil coagulation , formation of tar balls , chemical and microbial degradation .
Computed surface concentrations relative to the actual spill may therefore be overestimated .
The animation , thus , is not a detailed , specific prediction , but rather a scenario that could help guide research and mitigation efforts .
The animation shows the calculated surface particle concentrations for grid boxes about 10 - km - by - 10 - km in size into April 2011 .
For an estimated flow of oil from the Deepwater Horizon of 50,000 barrels per day over a 150 day period , a concentration of e.g. 10 particles per grid box in the animation corresponds roughly to an oil volume of 2 cubic meters per 100 square kilometer .
The oil spreads initially in the Gulf of Mexico , then enters the Loop Current and the narrow Florida Current , and finally the Gulf Stream .
" After one year , about 20 % of the particles initially released at the Deepwater Horizon location have been transported through the Straits of Florida and into the open Atlantic , " explains Timmermann .
This animation suggests that the coastlines near the Carolinas , Georgia , and Northern Florida could see the effects of the oil spill as early as October 2010 .
The main branch of the subtropical gyre is likely to transport the oil film towards Europe , although strongly diluted .
The animation also shows that as the northeasterly winds intensify near Florida around October and November , the oil in the Atlantic moves closer to the eastern shores of the US , whereas it retreats from the western shores of Florida .
The narrow , deep Straits of Florida force the Florida Current into a narrow channel , creating a tight bottleneck for the spreading of oil into the Atlantic .
As the animation suggests , a filtering system in the narrowest spot of the Florida Current could mitigate the spreading of the oil film into the North Atlantic .
This research was supported by the Japan Agency for Marine - Earth Science and Technology ( JAMSTEC ) , NASA and NOAA through their sponsorship of the International Pacific Research Center in the School of Ocean and Earth Science and Technology at the University of Hawaii at Manoa .
1 of 1 2 of 1
Tens of thousands of people have joined a Facebook group calling for a public inquiry to look into the holding of the G20 summit in Toronto .
As of this afternoon ( July 2 ) , Canadians Demanding a Public Inquiry into Toronto G20 , started by a Toronto - based law firm , boasted more than 37,000 members .
The group ’s wall is filled with links to stories and videos about the heavy - handed tactics that police employed during the G20 protests .
Its events tab lists a few upcoming rallies that aim to keep the issue in the spotlight .
Of course , all it takes for someone join a Facebook group is clicking a button on the social - networking site .
Another way Facebook users , as well as people on Twitter , can show their support for a G20 inquiry is by adding a Twibbon to their avatar .
Only 38 supporters had adopted the # G20 Public Inquiry Twibbon , however , as of this afternoon .
The Twibbon overlays an upside - down Maple Leaf on your profile image .
For those who want an inquiry but are n’t satisfied with monkeying around with their social - networking profiles , Amnesty International has created an on - line form that makes it easy to send a message to Prime Minister Stephen Harper .
The Canadian Civil Liberties Association also has a petition calling for a G20 inquiry .
Getting on that list involves sending the organization an e-mail .
The best way to stay in the loop on all things G20 is to keep an eye on the # G20 hashtag on Twitter .
You can follow Stephen Hui on Twitter at twitter.com/stephenhui .
Do you have questions about Canada ’s system of government ?
The late Senator Eugene A. Forsey originally wrote How Canadians Govern Themselves to answer questions that people just like you had about Canada ’s system of government .
Now you can see the themes from his book supported by interactive games , videos , pictures and animations or you can view the full text on its own .
Select one of the links below or click on the book icon to start your journey of discovery !
It is possible that the oil had leaked from a ship involved in the cleanup , he said , as some of the oil - water mix collected during the response operation is being taken to a processing company near Galveston .
The Coast Guard is still conducting tests .
For now , many people who live and work along the Texas coast say they are not in a panic , adding that tar balls wash up all the time .
But that does not mean they think this will be the end of it .
“ I figure they ’ve got their head buried in the sand if they do n’t think we ’re going to get it over here , ” said Carol Dickerson , who works at Blue Water Bait Camp in Crystal Beach , Tex .
“ There ’s just too much oil , and I know that we ’re going to get it eventually . ”
The worries in New Orleans are more immediate .
Since the spill began , the city has been in a difficult situation .
It has become the headquarters for the area command and is frequently the backdrop for news reports .
But the city has constantly had to give geography refreshers to hesitant tourists , reminding them that New Orleans has no beachfront and is a two - hour drive from the state ’s southern coast , where most of the oil has washed up .
Those messages are now more complicated .
“ The situation changes a little bit now that tar balls have hit the lake , ” said Kelly Schulz , a vice president of the New Orleans Convention and Visitors Bureau .
“ We ’re working on that as we speak . ”
The counterclockwise currents in Lake Pontchartrain suggest that if oil did enter in heavier concentrations , it would travel along the lake ’s northern coast , which is heavily populated in some areas , before coming back around to New Orleans , Ms. Rheams said .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Formula 1 fans have been warned by Bridgestone not to expect a repeat of the tyre - made thrills that turned the Canadian Grand Prix into a thriller in Valencia this weekend .
Early indications of tyre performance from Friday free practice suggests that neither the super soft nor the medium tyres - the same compounds which struggled so much in Montreal - are suffering degradation problems .
And , with Bridgestone 's director of motorsport tyre development Hirohide Hamashima , even reckoning the super soft improves over long stints , he thinks Valencia could produce a similar kind of race to Bahrain - where drivers all opted for the same tyres and made just one stop near the end of the event .
" The data so far says that even super soft has no degradation , minus degradation , so unfortunately it will be a not so interesting race , " Hamashima told AUTOSPORT .
" Maybe everybody will use super soft in Q3 , and then during the race there will be not so much drama . "
When asked if he thought the event could be a repeat of Bahrain , Hamashima said : " It will be a little bit like that .
I am very sorry ! "
Hamashima reckons the only chance of drivers trying something new would be if they felt they got a better car balance on the medium tyres .
" Some of the cars are quicker with the medium because of the car balance , " he said .
" A car which is suitable with the medium - when they put the super soft on the car goes towards oversteer tendency .
So it depends on the car . "
Although Bridgestone is eyeing bringing super softs to as many races as it can later in the year , Hamashima ruled out a repeat of the two - step gap between compounds that will be trialled at the German Grand Prix .
" At other races that will be very , very difficult because only Hockenheim , of the remaining circuits , could be like that .
" In Hungary if we brought the super soft and hard , nobody would use the hard .
And at Suzuka / Monza , the super soft is impossible because of heat durability , so that is for safety reasons . "
( Read Part 1 of this series at this link . )
Nixon was keenly aware that Kennedy ’s battle with powerful internal elements had preceded JFK ’s demise .
After all , governments everywhere have historically faced the reality that the apparatus of state security might have the chief of state in its gun sights – and that it certainly possesses the ability to act – Russ Baker , from his book , “ Family of Secrets – The Bush Dynasty , the Powerful Forces that Put it in the White House , and What their Influence Means for America ” .
The Warren Commission conclusion that the assassination of John F. Kennedy on November 22 , 1963 , was the work of a lone gunman was based in large part on autopsy evidence pertaining to the two bullet wounds that Kennedy received that day .
The autopsy evidence was purported to show that the two bullets that caused those wounds were shot from behind the President – that is , from the direction of the Texas School Book Depository , where evidence placed Lee Harvey Oswald at the time of the shooting .
But that autopsy evidence was starkly contradicted by testimony of the doctors and nurses who attempted to save Kennedy ’s life at Parkland Memorial Hospital shortly following the shooting .
The Parkland doctors and one nurse characterized the throat wound as an entrance wound – which would mean that the bullet that caused it came from the front , in the general area of the grassy knoll , rather than from the Texas School Book Depository behind the President .
The autopsy doctors did not see the throat wound in its original state because it had been surgically obliterated in the effort to save the President ’s life .
The fatal head wound was judged to be an exit wound by both the Parkland doctors and the Bethesda autopsy doctors .
But the two groups of doctors saw ( according to their descriptions ) the head wound in a very different location in Kennedy ’s head .
Assuming it to be an exit wound , as both groups of doctors agreed , if it was located where the Parkland doctors said they saw it ( in the back or back - right of the head ) , that means that the bullet that caused it came from the front .
Conversely , an exit wound where the autopsy doctors described it would have been consistent with a bullet from behind .
So that leaves two basic possibilities : Either the Parkland doctors and nurses were way off base in their observations and testimony , or else the President ’s wounds were surgically altered prior to the autopsy .
This post is my second of a three part series on the JFK assassination .
In this post , based mostly on David Lifton ’s book , “ Best Evidence – Disguise and Deception in the Assassination of John F. Kennedy ” , I discuss the medical evidence as testified to by the Parkland doctors and nurses , while pointing out some of the major differences between what they said they saw and what the autopsy doctors said they saw .
Then in my third and final post on this subject , I ’ll discuss additional evidence that the President ’s body was surgically altered between the time that it left Parkland Hospital and the time that it arrived in the autopsy room , along with a critique of Vincent Bugliosi ’s critique of Lifton ’s book .
THE THROAT WOUND
The throat wound was made by the first of the two ( or possibly more ) bullets that struck Kennedy .
It was not the fatal wound .
The physicians who performed the autopsy did not see this wound in its original state , because it was obliterated by one of the Parkland doctors , Dr. Malcolm Perry , when he made a surgical incision over it in order to perform a tracheotomy .
Therefore , only the doctors and nurses at Parkland hospital had a view of this wound in its original state .
All of the Parkland doctors and the nurse who offered an opinion on the throat wound characterized it as an entrance wound .
It is also important to note that the “ single bullet theory ” depends upon the throat wound being an exit wound .
That is because the “ single bullet theory ” alleges that a single bullet hit Kennedy in the back , exited the front of his neck , and then continued on to hit Governor John Connally ( sitting in the front seat of the car , in front of Kennedy ) in the back , wrist and leg .
Characterization as an entrance wound by the Parkland doctors
Here are the descriptions of the throat wound by the doctors and one nurse at Parkland hospital :
Dr. Malcolm Perry
Lifton describes the initial news accounts of the opinions of the Parkland doctors , particularly Dr. Malcolm Perry :
On November 22 , 1963 , millions of Americans heard radio and TV networks report that Dr. Malcolm Perry , a Dallas Physician who was with the President in the emergency room when he died , said there was a bullet entrance wound situated on the front of Kennedy ’s neck .
Because Perry later changed his mind about the direction of the bullet , after receiving a visit from the Secret Service , and denied what he had originally said , Lifton goes to much effort to document Perry ’s initial accounts .
Here is some of that documentation :
UPI report at 3:10 p.m. CST on 11 - 22 ( 1 ) :
Dr. Malcolm Perry , thirty - four , said “ there was an entrance wound below the Adam ’s apple . ”
Tom Wicker with the New York Times ( 2 ) :
Dr. Malcolm Perry , an attending surgeon , and Dr. Kemp Clark , chief of neurosurgery at Parkland Hospital , gave more details .
Mr. Kennedy was hit by a bullet in the throat , just below the Adam ’s apple , they said .
This wound had the appearance of a bullet ’s entry …
Dallas News reporter John Geddie ( 3 ) :
Dr. Perry said , “ in the lower portion of Kennedy ’s neck , right in the front , there was a small puncture . ”
Lifton explains why he felt confidant that Perry had not been misquoted , as he later claimed :
Another factor reinforcing my conviction that Dr. Perry had not been misquoted was his reaction to the news that the shots were all fired from a building located behind the motorcade .
Faced with that fact , Dr. Perry did not change his opinion about the wound ; on the contrary , he simply assumed that President Kennedy was turned toward the rear when the bullet struck …
He told the Boston Globe ’s medical editor , Herbert Black ( 4 ) : “ It may have been that the President was looking up or sideways with his head thrown back when the bullet or bullets struck him ” .
However , we know from the Zapruder film that the President ’s head was in fact facing forward when the fatal bullet struck his head .
Dr. Ronald Jones
In his Warren Commission deposition , Dr. Jones explained why the doctors considered the throat wound to be an entrance wound :
The hole was very small and relatively clean - cut as you would see in a bullet that is entering rather than exiting from a patient . ( 5 )
Many of the doctors initially thought that the throat and head wound were caused by the same bullet , entering through the throat and exiting through the back of the head .
Dr. Jones explained to the Warren Commission his initial thoughts :
With no history as to the number of times that the President had been shot or knowing the direction from which he had been shot , and seeing the wound in the midline of the neck ( which Jones characterized as an entrance wound in his medical report ) and what appeared to be an exit wound in the posterior portion of the skull , the only speculation that I could have as … to how this could occur with a single wound ( bullet ) would be that it would enter the anterior neck and possibly strike a vertebral body and then change its course and exit in the region of the posterior portion of the head … if I accounted for it ( both wounds ) on the basis of one shot , that would have been the way I ( would have ) accounted for it . ( 6 )
Dr. Paul Peters
Dr. Peters testified at the Warren Commission Hearings ( 7 ) :
We saw the wound of entry in the throat and noted the large occipital wound , and it is a known fact that high velocity missiles often have a small wound of entrance and a large wound of exit …
Dr. Charles Baxter
Lifton notes that despite Arlen Specter ’s aggressive efforts to get the Parkland physicians to equivocate on their characterization of the throat wound , some of them argued back against him .
Dr. Baxter , for example , noted that such a wound ( to have been an exit wound ) would be “ unusual … ordinarily there would have been a rather large wound of exit . ” ( 8 )
Dr. Charles Carrico
On the afternoon of November 22 , Dr. Charles Carrico described the throat wound in his medical report as “ a small penetrating wound of the ant .
( front ) neck in the lower 1/3 ” . ( 9 )
Nurse Margaret Henchliffe
Margarette Hencliffe testified to the Warren Commission ( 10 ) :
It was just a little hole in the middle of his neck … about as big around as the end of my little finger … that looked like an entrance bullet hole …
Lifton describes Ms. Henchliffe ’s exchange with Arlen Specter :
When asked by Specter if it could “ have been an exit bullet hole , ” Nurse Henchliffe insisted that she had “ never seen an exit bullet hole … that looked like that …
It was just a small wound and was n’t jagged like most of the exit bullet wounds that I have seen … ”
Immediately following this exchange , attorney Specter began a series of questions designed to establish that Nurse Henchliffe did not have qualifications to render such an opinion .
Nurse Henchliffe answered that her experience was limited to five years in the ER at Parkland Memorial Hospital and , more generally , her twelve years as a registered nurse .
“ We take care of a lot of bullet wounds down there – I do n’t know how many a year , ” she testified ( 11 ) .
Dr. Robert McClelland
Lifton describes Dr. McClelland ’s interview with Richard Dudman of the St. Louis Post - Dispatch ( 12 ) :
Dr. McClelland told the Post - Dispatch : “ It certainly did look like an entrance wound . ”
He explained that a bullet from a low velocity rifle , like the one thought to have been used , characteristically makes a small entrance wound , sets up shock waves inside the body , and tears a big opening when it passes out the other side .
Dr. McClelland conceded that it was possible that the throat wound marked the exit of a bullet fired into the back of the President ’s neck … “ but we are familiar with bullet wounds , ” he said .
“ We see them every day – sometimes several a day .
This did appear to be an entrance wound . ”
McClelland noted in the same interview , having been informed that Lee Harvey Oswald had shot the President from behind :
We postulated that if it was a wound of entry , as we thought it was … he would have to have been looking almost completely to the rear .
And McClelland testified to similar effect to the Warren Commission ( 13 ) :
At the moment … it was our impression before we had any other information … that this was one bullet , that perhaps had entered through the front of the neck and then in some peculiar fashion which we really had … to strain to explain to ourselves , had coursed up the front of the vertebra and into the base of the skull and out the rear of the skull .
Dr. Robert Shaw
Dr. Shaw said that the doctors were “ a little baffled ” by the throat wound ( 14 ) :
The assassin was behind him , yet the bullet entered at the front of his neck .
Mr. Kennedy must have turned to his left to talk to Mrs. Kennedy or to wave to someone .
1 ) UPI “ A ” wire , 11-22-63 , 3:10 p.m. CST
2 ) New York Times , 11-23-63
3 ) Dallas Morning News , 11 -24-63 , page 11
4 ) Boston Globe , 11 - 24 - 63 , page 9
5 ) Warren Commission Hearings , Volume 6 , page 56
6 ) Warren Commission Hearings , Volume 6 , page 55
7 ) Warren Commission Hearings , Volume 6 , page 71
8 ) Warren Commission Hearings , Volume 6 , page 42
9 ) Warren Commission Report , page 519
10 ) Warren Commission Hearings , Volume 6 , page 141
11 ) Warren Commission Hearings , Volume 6 , page 141
12 ) St. Louis Post Dispatch , 12 - 1 - 63 , page 16
13 ) Warren Commission Hearings , Volume 6 , page 37
14 ) Houston Post , 11-29-63
Apparent efforts to obscure the testimony of the Parkland doctors on the throat wound
Many people have pointed out that differentiating between an exit and an entrance wound is not an exact science , and that therefore the doctors at Parkland Hospital could have been wrong about Kennedy ’s throat wound .
That is a possibility .
But weighing against that possibility is the fact that this particular wound was very highly characteristic of an entrance wound and that all of the doctors and the nurse who initially ventured an opinion on it had a similar opinion .
It is also important to note how various entities endeavored to … shall we say , sweep this evidence under the rug :
“ Secret Service Gets Revision of Kennedy Wound ”
On December 18th , a story by Richard Dudman appeared in the St. Louis Post - Dispatch , titled “ Secret Service gets revision on Kennedy wound – After visit by agents , doctors say shot was from rear ” .
The doctors referred to in the article were Malcolm Perry and Robert McClelland .
Here is an excerpt from the article :
Two Secret Service agents called last week on Dallas surgeons who attended President John F. Kennedy and obtained a reversal of their original view that the bullet in his neck entered from the front .
The investigators did so by showing the surgeons a document described as an autopsy report from the US Naval Hospital at Bethesda .
The surgeons changed their original view to conform with the report they were shown .
This article begs two questions in my mind .
First , why would Secret Service agents feel the need to visit doctors in an attempt to get them to change their views ?
And second , how would the autopsy report change the views of the two doctors on the characterization of the throat wound , given that the throat wound was not seen by the autopsy doctors , having been obliterated by the tracheotomy that Dr. Perry performed ?
Lifton summarized the change in Dr. Perry ’s story by the time he testified before the Warren Commission :
By the time Dr. Perry testified before the Warren Commission his attitude had changed markedly .
Although he was still describing the throat wound , anatomically , as a small pencil - size hole , just a quarter inch in diameter , Perry no longer maintained it was a wound of entry .
“ It could have been either ” he said .
And he apparently subscribed to the theory that he had been misquoted at the news conference .
The Warren Commission ignoring the initial characterization of the throat wound
One would think , given the fact that Dr. Perry ’s opinions in his initial , widely broadcast news conference contradicted his later statements to the press , as well as his Warren Commission testimony , that the Warren Commission might have said something about this or at least preserved the records of Dr. Perry ’s press conference in their hearings .
But they did no such thing .
Lifton comments on this oversight :
The twenty - six volumes ( of Warren Commission Hearings ) presented a strange appearance .
Numerous transcripts of news conferences held at Police Headquarters were published , made from audio and videotapes obtained from the three major networks and their Dallas affiliates , but Dr. Perry ’s news conference was not among them .
Arlen Specter ’s aggressive attempts to negate the evidence for an entry wound into the throat
Lifton explains how Arlen Specter tried to get each medical witness to the throat wound to acknowledge that that wound was or could have been an exit wound – with the use of ridiculous hypothetical questions :
Specter asked each doctor a long hypothetical question , beginning with the phrase , “ Permit me to add some facts which I shall ask you to assume as being true ” …
Typical was the question he asked of Dr. Carrico , which began ( 15 ) : Permit me to add some facts which I shall ask you to assume as being true for purposes of having you express an opinion .
First of all , assume that the President was struck … when ( he ) was approximately 160 to 250 feet from the weapon ( Oswald ’s range ) … being struck from the rear at a downward angle … on the upper right posterior thorax ( the Bethesda entry wound ) …
Assume further that the missile passed through the body of the President striking no bones , traversing the neck and sliding between the large muscles ( the Bethesda autopsy trajectory ) … then exiting precisely at the point where you observed the puncture wound to exist ( the Bethesda exit wound , at the location the Dallas doctors thought there was a wound of entry ) .
Now based on those facts was the appearance of the wound in your opinion consistent with being an exit wound ?
Dr. Carrico replied : “ With those facts and the fact as I understand it no other bullet was found , this would be … I believe … an exit wound ” .
However , not all the Parkland doctors were that docile .
The one that did the most damage to Specter ’s plan was Ronald Jones .
Recall that the “ single bullet theory ” , which posited a single bullet for Kennedy ’s throat wound and Governor Connally ’s wounds , depended upon the bullet not only exiting Kennedy ’s throat , but doing so with enough velocity to cause a good deal of damage to Connally .
Lifton explains the damage that Jones did to Specter ’s theories :
Dr. Jones explained that at that speed , much faster than sound , the missile has a shock wave and , passing through Kennedy ’s neck , it might wobble , and therefore it would cause a larger wound of exit than the small pencil - size hole the Dallas doctors had seen .
Dr. Jones explained that Specter could have his tiny exit wound , or his high - velocity missile , but not both ( 16 ) .
Specter seemed to resist : Specter : Would it ( the wound ) be consistent , then , with an exit wound but of low velocity , as you put it ?
Jones :
Yes ; of very low velocity to the point that you might think that this bullet barely made it through the soft tissues that and had just enough velocity to drop out of the skin on the opposite side ( 17 ) .
Of course , such a missile posed no threat to the welfare of Governor Connally , and Dr. Jones ’ testimony was not discussed in the Warren Report .
15 ) Warren Commission Hearings , Volume 3 , page 362
16 ) Warren Commission Hearings , Volume 6 , page 55
17 ) Warren Commission Hearings , Volume 6 , page 55
THE FATAL HEAD WOUND
Both the Parkland doctors and the autopsy doctors considered the fatal head wound to be an exit wound .
However , there were huge disparities in how the wound was characterized by the Parkland doctors compared to the autopsy doctors in Bethesda , and these disparities were of critical importance in determining whether the bullet came from in front of ( as clearly indicated by the Parkland doctors ’ description ) or behind ( as was consistent with the autopsy doctors ’ description ) the President .
So vast were these disparities that it is virtually impossible to imagine that the two groups of doctors were looking at the same body .
Recognizing the vast discrepancies between the opinions and findings of the Parkland Hospital physicians vs. the autopsy findings , the House Select Committee on Assassinations ( HSCA ) final report in 1979 concluded that either the Parkland doctors were mistaken or else the Secret Service was mistaken in their contention that the body arrived at the autopsy room unaltered .
It then sided with the Secret Service , saying that they could not have been mistaken in their assertion that the body was not altered prior to autopsy , because the coffin with the body in it was under their constant observation from the time it left Parkland hospital until it arrived at the autopsy room .
In other words , the HSCA did not seriously consider the possibility that the Secret Service participated in the cover-up .
I ’ll deal with that in my next post on this subject , which discusses evidence that the body was indeed altered substantially prior to the autopsy .
For now I ’ll just point out some of the major differences between the Parkland doctors ’ accounts and the autopsy report :
Characterization of the head wound as an “ exit ” wound at the back of the head by the Parkland doctors
Dr. Robert McClelland
Dr. McClelland provided the most extensive description of the head wound .
He testified before the Warren Commission :
I was in such a position that I could very closely examine the head wound … and I noted that the right posterior portion of the skull had been extremely blasted .
It had been shattered , apparently by the force of the shot , so that the parietal bone was protruded up through the scalp and seemed to be fractured along its right posterior half , as well as some of the occipital bone being fractured in its lateral half , and this sprung open the bones … in such a way that you could actually look down into the skull cavity ( 18 ) .
Because Dr. McClelland recorded in his medical notes on the day of the assassination that “ The cause of death was due to massive head and brain injury from a gunshot wound of the left temple ” ( 19 ) , that would clearly make the wound at the “ right posterior portion of the skull ” an exit wound
Dr. Paul Peters
Dr. Peters said in an interview with Lifton :
I was trying to think how he could have had a hole in his neck and a hole in the occiput , and the only answer we could think of was perhaps the bullet had gone in through the front , hit the bony spinal column , and exited through the back of the head , since a wound of exit is always bigger than a wound of entry .
Dr. Malcolm Perry
Dr. Perry was quoted in the Dallas Morning News ( 20 ) : “ The head wound , Perry added , appeared to be an exit wound caused when the bullet passed out . ”
And in an interview with the Boston Globe ( 21 ) , Perry described the wound in the back of the head as an exit wound , even though he had had heard by that time that the president was shot from behind :
Perry acknowledged it was peculiar that “ rather than entering ” from behind , the bullet exited “ despite the fact the assassin shot from above down on to the President . ”
But he assured Black that the wound he saw on the head was an exit : “ We know that the big damage is at the point of exit . ”
He offered this explanation ” “ It may have been that the President was looking up or sideways with his head thrown back when the bullet or bullets struck him .
Other Parkland doctors ’ testimony on the nature of the back of the head wound
Dr. Ronald Jones : “… appeared to be an exit wound in the posterior portion of the skull ” . ( 22 )
Dr. Gene Akin : “ I assume that the right occipitoparietal region was the exit ” . ( 23 )
Dr. Marion Jenkins : “ I would interpret it being a wound of exit ” ( 24 )
Dr. Kemp Clark :
Of the 7 Parkland physicians who characterized the nature of the fatal head wound ( exit vs. entrance ) , only one equivocated ( the other 6 characterizing it as an exit wound . )
Dr. Kemp Clark said it could be an exit wound , but it was also possible the wound was “ tangential ” ( 25 ) – meaning that it did not enter the skull , but caused damage through contact .
In that case , it could have come from either direction .
18 ) Warren Commission Hearings , Volume 6 , page 33
19 ) Warren Commission Report , page 527
20 ) Dallas Morning News , 11-24-63
21 ) Boston Globe , 11-24-63
22 ) Warren Commission Hearings , Volume 6 , page 56
23 ) Warren Commission Hearings , Volume 6 , page 67
24 ) Warren Commission Hearings , Volume 6 , page 51
25 ) St. Louis Post - Dispatch , 12 - 18 - 63 , page 1
Differences in the size and location of the wound between Parkland Hospital and Bethesda
Lifton notes that both the Parkland doctors and the Bethesda doctors agreed on one thing .
The “ large ” hole in the head was the exit wound for the fatal bullet .
But the word “ large ” is just about the only thing they agreed on concerning this wound .
The Parkland doctors placed the wound in the back or right back of the head .
The Bethesda doctors described the wound as being about four times larger in area than the Parkland doctors .
Therefore , though their report indicated the wound as extending to the back of the head , they also had it covering a much wider area .
Because of the much wider area of the wound that the Bethesda doctors described , that exit wound might have been consistent with a bullet coming from the back and above .
But the exit wound in the back of the head described by the Parkland doctors would not have been at all consistent with a shot from behind .
Here is how Lifton described the autopsy report :
There was a huge hole about six inches across in the top of the head .
The hole extended all the way from the rear of the skull , in the occipital area , nearly six inches toward the front , and was completely uncovered .
Dr. Humes said its largest dimension was “ approximately 13 cm ” ( 26 ) … .
At the autopsy , Commander Boswell made a drawing of the skull which depicted the wound as a roughly rectangular area with measurement of 10 by 17 cm .
Inside that area , Boswell had written “ missing . ” ( 27 )
At the rear of the head , just beneath the large hole , one inch to the right of the centerline , Commander Humes reported the existence of a small rectangular entry wound – 15 by 6 mm in size …
That is not the way the President ’s head appeared earlier that afternoon , at Parkland Memorial Hospital .
None of the Dallas doctors saw the small “ entry ” wound subsequently reported by Commander Humes .
More important , the only major wound noted by the Parkland doctors ( 28 ) – approximately 5 to 7 cm. in diameter – was located in the right rear portion of the head .
The bones were sprung outward , and a flap of scalp was associated with the wound .
The top of the President ’s head was in place – it was not “ missing . ”
More specifically , Lifton notes nurses Hutton ( 29 ) and Bowron ( 30 ) as describing a wound at the back of the head , and doctors Carrico ( 28 ) , Jones ( 31 ) , Akin ( 32 ) , Perry ( 33 ) , Peters ( 34 ) , Clark ( 35 ) , and Jenkins ( 36 ) as describing wounds at the back or back - right of the head .
None of them described anything similar to the wound stipulated in the autopsy .
Lifton summarizes why he believes that the body that the Bethesda autopsy doctors saw had to have been altered from its appearance at Parkland hospital :
If the condition of the President ’s head was the same at Parkland as at Bethesda , not only did the Parkland doctors miss a 13 cm hole in the top of the skull , they missed one which would have been obvious even upon cursory examination , since the scalp was gone too .
26 ) Bethesda Autopsy Report , page 3
27 ) Warren Commission Exhibit 397
28 ) Warren Commission Hearings , Volume 6 , page 6
29 ) Warren Commission Hearings , Volume 21 , page 216
30 ) Warren Commission Hearings , Volume 6 , page 136
31 ) Warren Commission Hearings , Volume 6 , page 54
32 ) Warren Commission Hearings , Volume 6 , page 65
33 ) Warren Commission Hearings , Volume 6 , page 11
34 ) Warren Commission Hearings , Volume 6 , page 71
35 ) Transcript of 1327 - C of Perry and Clark news conference
36 ) Warren Commission Exhibit 392
SUMMARY / CONCLUSION
If the President ’s throat wound was an entrance wound , as the doctors and nurses at Parkland Hospital unanimously ( before two of them were later visited by Secret Service agents ) claimed , then at least one bullet came from the front , in the general direction of the grassy knoll .
Of course , it is possible that they were all wrong about that wound – which would have made it a very unusual exit wound .
But if so , then as Dr. Jones explained to Arlen Specter , that would have meant that the velocity of the bullet as it exited the throat would have been so slow that it could n’t possibly have continued on to do damage to Governor Connally , as concluded by the Warren Commission .
Also of importance is the fact that the Bethesda autopsy doctors did not see the throat wound in its original state because it had been obliterated by a tracheotomy performed at Parkland Hospital .
The Parkland doctors and nurses and the Bethesda doctors all agreed that the fatal head wound was an exit wound .
But the wound that these two groups of doctors described was vastly different in size and location .
If this fatal wound was an exit wound , as all agreed , the location of the wound at the back of the head described by the Parkland doctors would have meant that the bullet must have come from the front .
But if the huge exit wound described by the autopsy doctors was correct , then it might have been consistent with a shot from the Texas School Book Depository , where the evidence placed Lee Harvey Oswald .
Therefore , either the Parkland doctors were all hugely mistaken about the location of the fatal wound , or else the body was altered prior to the time that the autopsy doctors saw it in Bethesda .
In my next post I ’ll describe additional evidence that the body was in fact grossly altered prior to its arrival in the autopsy room .
A man who witnessed a shark attack on a surfer off Western Australia 's south coast says the victim is extremely fortunate to have survived .
Michael Bedford was surfing 150 metres offshore at Conspicuous Cliff beach near Walpole yesterday when he was attacked .
The shark , believed to be a white pointer , knocked him off his board before coming back to charge him a second time .
Mr Bedford managed to scramble onto his board before a well - timed wave pushed him into shore .
His friend , Lee Cummuskey and others , used his surfboard to carry him along the beach and up a cliff to a carpark to wait for an ambulance .
They then used his leg - rope as a tourniquet to try to stem the loss of blood from a deep gash to his right knee .
Mr Cummuskey says Mr Bedford is lucky to have survived .
" Just the fact that there was people on the beach to help us , and yeah , it did n't hit an artery so he did n't lose a lot of blood , I think that was really critical too , " he said .
He says it appears the shark was a white pointer .
" It did have a big white gut on it and he gave it a good whack he reckons , a good punch and that does n't surprise me knowing Mick , " he said .
" It is , I do n't know what to say , it is your worst nightmare and Mick 's been through it and survived so he 's just really lucky . "
Mr Bedford underwent surgery in Albany Regional Hospital last night where his condition is listed as stable .
As seen on Eduardo San Gil 's " Let the Game Continue " t- shirt , now available at Threadless .
Thanks INTVGene !
Advertisement
“ Who the hell are these people ? ”
“ I do n’t know .
I used to say they were the same ones we ’ve always had to deal with .
Same ones my granddaddy had to deal with .
Back then they was russlin ’ cattle .
Now they ’re running dope .
I ai n’t sure we ’ve seen these people before .
Their kind .
I do n’t know what to do about ’em even .
If you killed ’em all they ’d have to build an annex on to hell . ”
Sheriff Bell ponders the bloody handiwork of a high - echelon criminal syndicate in Cormac McCarthy ’s novel No Country for Old Men .
Johnny Gaskins of Raleigh , North Carolina faces a 30 - year prison term — an effective life sentence — for the supposed crime of depositing $ 450,000 in his own bank account .
The corporate leaders of Wachovia Bank , a criminal syndicate once headquartered in the same state , wo n’t face prosecution despite admissions that they laundered hundreds of billions of dollars on behalf of Mexican narcotics cartels .
Wachovia was deemed “ too big to fail , ” and thus too important to prosecute .
In our system , mercy is reserved exclusively for the powerful and corrupt , and Johnny Gaskins — a criminal defense attorney — was neither .
Gaskins had earned his money legitimately .
As a dutiful tax victim , he reported his income to the criminal predators running the IRS .
His purported offense was to make numerous deposits in amounts just under the $ 10,000 threshold at which banks are required to report to the IRS under the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970 .
Displaying the proprietary blend of depraved creativity and utter dishonesty that typify their caste , federal prosecutors insisted that these innocuous acts constituted the alleged crime of “ money structuring . ”
Dr. William Anderson , an economics professor at Maryland ’s Frostburg State University , notes that “ money structuring ” was defined as “ an `ancillary crime ’ to give prosecutors leverage in cases where people had amassed huge amounts of cash via drug sales or other illegal activities and were trying to avoid detection as well as avoid paying taxes on their money . ”
No Country for Old Men ... Cormac McCarthy Best Price : $ 0.77 Buy New $ 10.15 ( as of 11:15 EST - Details )
In Gaskins ’s case , there was no predicate offense .
The money was honestly earned and duly reported .
Yet according to Pecksniffian federal prosecutor Randall Galyon , “ The point of the law is to make sure we do n’t have people trying to fool the bank .
The fact that he was trying is against the law . ”
Gaskins was trying to “ fool ” the bank about innocent conduct .
His violations of technical statutes constituted an offense of a severity comparable to ripping the tag from a mattress .
Yet the sacred majesty of the law requires that Gaskins suffer exemplary , conspicuous punishment .
As Dr. Anderson observes , there was an unambiguous element of payback behind this vindictive prosecution : “ Gaskins had success representing people accused of crimes , and the police and prosecutors paid him back with what can only be a trumped - up charge .
Remember , Gaskins was convicted of depositing money in a bank .
He did not evade taxes , he did not gain his cash through illegal means , he just put the money in the bank . ”
For reasons unstated yet deafening in their obviousness , the same corps of federal prosecutors who went after Gaskins hammer and tongs last year displayed little of the same zeal in pursuing Wachovia Bank on charges that involve both deliberate fraud and financial collaboration with Mexican narco - criminal syndicates .
Wachovia ’s corporate headquarters are in Charlotte , North Carolina — just a three - hour drive from Raleigh .
Perhaps the heroes who brought Johnny Gaskins to book were simply too exhausted from that Herculean task to grapple with Wachovia , which was absorbed by Wells Fargo in a federally engineered takeover .
The details are predictably opaque , but Wells Fargo — which initially resisted string - laden TARP subsidies — was given $ 25 billion by the Feds after it bought out Wachovia , which was collapsing under the accumulated weight of its rotten debts .
Although it proudly called itself “ the nation ’s fourth - largest bank , ” Wachovia was actually a federally chartered criminal enterprise .
Granted , this can accurately be said of the entire fractional - reserve banking system .
Wachovia distinguished itself by becoming a full - service institution to swindlers and criminals of many kinds .
In February 2008 it was revealed that Wachovia ’s corporate leadership “ solicited business from companies it knew had been accused of telemarketing crimes , ” reported the New York Times .
“ Internal Wachovia e-mail messages , for example , show that high - ranking employees … frequently warned colleagues about telemarketing frauds routed through its accounts . ”
Wachovia had been given specific warnings from investigators and from other banks regarding the scams , yet “ it continued to provide banking services to multiple companies that helped steal as much as $ 400 million from unsuspecting victims . ”
A federal lawsuit against Wachovia accused the bank of accepting “ fraudulent , unsigned checks that withdrew funds from the accounts of victims , often elderly , ” continues the Times .
“ Wachovia forwarded those checks to other banks that were unaware of the frauds , which in turn sent money to the swindlers . ”
One Wachovia executive warned in 2005 that one account being used by swindlers had received 4,500 complaints in the space of two months .
“ There is more , ” she wrote , “ but nothing more that I want to put in a note . ”
Despite that warning and others , Wachovia continued to process the fraudulent transactions “ partly because the bank charged fraud artists a large fee every time a victim spotted a bogus transaction and demanded their money back , ” the Times points out .
“ One company alone paid Wachovia about $ 1.5 million over 11 months … . ”
“ We are making a ton of money from them , ” admitted Wachovia executive Linda Pera in 2005 , referring to a company later accused of stealing $ 142 million through fraud .
Rather than doing what it could to stop the swindle , Wachovia profited from it as long as it could .
The bank ’s role in that scam — as well as mortgage fraud , embezzlement , and other crimes — was known by federal regulators and prosecutors no later than February 2008 .
Nobody at Wachovia faced criminal prosecution .
Instead , the bank was permitted to buy its way out of trouble through a $ 144 million settlement — and taxpayers were forced to make good on that amount and much more a few months later in the federally subsidized merger with Wells Fargo .
Last March , federal prosecutors offered an even more generous deal to the Wachovia cabal in the form of a " deferred prosecution agreement ” regarding charges of laundering an estimated $ 300 billion for Mexican narcotics syndicates .
In lieu of prosecution , Wachovia agreed to the criminal forfeiture of $ 110 million and a $ 50,000,000 fine ; it also promised to “ demonstrate its future good conduct and compliance in all material aspects with the Bank Secrecy Act… . ”
The Bank Secrecy Act , recall , is the same law Johnny Gaskins “ violated ” by making small bank deposits of his own honestly - earned , fully reported money .
Gaskins was n’t offered a deal in which he would “ forfeit ” an amount equivalent to pennies on the dollar and be spared additional punishment in exchange for the promise of future “ good conduct . ”
According to the stipulations in the federal “ Factual Statement ” Wachovia endorsed last March , a Miami branch maintained “ correspondent bank accounts ” for Mexican currency exchange houses ( casas de cambio , or CDCs ) .
“ On numerous occasions , monies were deposited into a CDC by a drug trafficking organization , ” recounts the “ Factual Statement . ”
“ Using false identities , the CDC then wired that money through its Wachovia correspondent bank accounts for the purchase of airplanes for drug trafficking organizations . ”
Among the offenses to which Wachovia stipulated are “ Structured Wire Transactions ” intended to launder drug proceeds .
Once again , Gaskins was convicted of “ money structuring ” despite the fact that there was no underlying criminal act .
Wachovia , on the other hand , was deliberately washing drug proceeds and facilitating the purchase of aircraft that were used to smuggle at least 22 tons of cocaine .
In 2006 , Martin Woods , a Wachovia compliance officer in London , became suspicious when his branch started to receive a large quantity of traveler ’s checks issued by Mexican CDCs .
The checks — written for large denominations — were sequentially numbered and improperly endorsed .
Recognizing this as evidence of money laundering , Woods reported his findings to Britain ’s Serious Organised Crime Agency .
A year later , Mexican investigators traced those checks to a CDC used by the Sinaloa Cartel .
Martin ’s reward for breaking the case , observed the March 9 , 2009 issue of Barron ’s , was to be bullied and demoted by his superiors at Wachovia , who also threw out his reports of similar suspicious activities in Eastern Europe .
As was the case with the telemarketing fraud , the dirty dealings Martin had uncovered were much too profitable to stop — and in this case , they were being overseen by people who make Anton Chigurh look like Mr. Rogers .
In September 2007 , a U.S. - registered Gulfstream II jet carrying 3.3 tons of cocaine crashed in the Yucatan Peninsula .
The plane was one of several purchased through a Mexican CDC with “ correspondent accounts ” held by Wachovia .
This particular private jet — tail number N987SA — was also an important link between the CIA - abetted international narcotics trade and the CIA ’s global torture network .
Until a few weeks before the crash , the plane ’s registered owner was a Florida - based pilot ( and alleged CIA asset ) named Greg Smith , who was reportedly involved in a series of federal operations targeting Columbian drug networks from 1997 — 2000 .
Only those so ingenuous as to make Candide look worldly would be surprised to learn that the same individual , and the same aircraft , were involved in smuggling drugs into the United States , or that the CIA found even more repellent uses for the same vehicle .
Liberty in Eclipse William Norman Grigg Best Price : $ 10.58 Buy New $ 57.61 ( as of 09:10 EST - Details )
Mr. “ Smith ” was the Gulfstream ’s owner of record between 2003 and 2005 , when the plane was used by the CIA for at least three trips between the east coast of the U.S. and the prison camp at Guantanamo Bay .
The same plane was part of the CIA ’s fleet of “ torture taxis ” used to ferry detainees to foreign dungeons , reported The Independent of London last January .
“ In 2004 , another torture taxi crashed in a field in Nicaragua with a ton of cocaine aboard , ” the Independent recalls .
“ It had been identified by Britain and the European Parliament ’s temporary committee on the alleged use of European countries by the CIA for the transport and illegal detention of prisoners as a frequent visitor in 2004 and 2005 to British , Cypriot , Czech , German , Greek , Hungarian , Spanish and other European cities with its cargo of captives for secret imprisonment and torture in Iraq , Jordan and Azerbaijan . ”
The gentle treatment given to Wachovia testifies of its value as a pass - through to fund criminal syndicates used by the CIA to conduct the business of perpetual war — whether it ’s designated the “ war on drugs ” or the “ war on terror . ”
To cite Bastiat ’s invaluable formula yet again , both of those “ wars ” are exercises in creating the poison and the antidote in the same laboratory .
The “ war on drugs ” — which is an exercise in corrupt , murderous foolishness greater , by several orders of magnitude , than Prohibition — will not end as long as it is profitable to the criminal elite in Washington , their allies in the banking industry , and their largely interchangeable and thoroughly disposable minions in the underworld .
As Hugh O’Shaughnessy of The Independent puts it , decriminalization of drug use would impoverish “ the traffickers , large and small , and those who have been making good money building and running the new prisons that help to bankrupt governments — in the US in particular , where drug offenders — principally small retailers and seldom the rich and important wholesalers — have helped to push the prison population to 1,600,000 . ”
That population will soon include Johnnie Gaskins , a principled but powerless man who committed no crime .
The majesty of the law requires nothing less .
None of the criminals in Wachovia ’s corporate leadership will be joining him behind bars , of course , since clemency is a gift the Regime bestows exclusively on its valued accomplices in official crime .
The Best of William Norman Grigg
News photographers and TV camera crews are claiming that they are being prevented from reporting on the BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
They complain that US federal and local officials , including coast guards , are blocking access to beaches where the effects of the spill are most visible .
A CBS TV crew was threatened with arrest when attempting to film an oil - covered beach last week .
On Saturday , reporter Mac McClelland was blocked by police from visiting an island in Louisiana .
On Tuesday , a photographer with the New Orleans Times - Picayune was prevented from flying over the ocean after the plane company was issued with a temporary flight restriction after BP officials learned that a member of the press would be on board .
The US coast guard insists that its staff and BP have gone to great lengths to accommodate journalists .
A coast guard spokesman said : " Roughly 400 members of the media have been given tours of the spill on either BP - contracted aircraft or coast guard helicopters . "
He defended flight restrictions as " a necessary safety precaution " .
Private aircraft must get permission from BP 's command center to fly over a huge portion of the gulf .
Reporters and photographers view BP 's influence as unhelpful .
They are escorted by BP officials on BP - contracted boats and aircraft .
So the company is able to determine what reporters see and when they see it .
Associated Press photographer Gerald Herbert says access has been hit or miss , and that there have been instances when it 's obvious members of the press are being targeted .
Sources : Newsweek / Mother Jones
Reading 1 – The Haunter of the Dark
Listen on Patreon
Well , we started podcasting from the beginning of Lovecraft ’s career and now we ’re audiobooking from the end .
Brought to you by the listeners of The H.P. Lovecraft Literary Podcast …
An all - new , hour - long , full story reading featuring the incomparably eldritch Andrew Leman …
It ’s …
THE HAUNTER OF THE DARK !
Obama 's cynical recess appointment of Donald Berwick
[ Updated below on July 9 at 5:50 p.m . ]
As a matter of policy , President Obama 's nomination of Donald Berwick to oversee Medicare and Medicaid was inspired : Berwick , co-founder of the Institute for Healthcare Improvement , is the country 's leading evangelist for the proposition that it is possible to deliver higher quality medical care at a lower cost .
He 's not only preached that gospel ; he 's shown that it can be translated into reality .
As a matter of politics , the president 's choice of Berwick was , well , the polite word would be bold .
The less polite word : boneheaded .
Administration officials argue that Republicans would have seized on any nominee as an opportunity to re-litigate the health - care debate .
But Berwick offered opponents a loaded gun with his talk about rationing , his discussion of health reform as a matter of redistributing wealth , and his effusive praise for the British system .
If the president wanted to buy a fight like this , he ought to have been better prepared to wage it .
And as a matter of good government , the president 's move to snub the Senate and install Berwick by recess appointment was outrageous .
Using -- more accurately , abusing -- this mechanism to make appointments during a Senate recess is a bipartisan temptation .
All presidents succumb , and Obama is facing a more implacably recalcitrant Senate minority .
Yet the original purpose of recess appointments was to let government function during the long stretches with Congress away , but that 's water under the constitutional bridge .
A recess appointment should be a last step in cases of egregious delay , not one of the first .
That standard was nowhere near met in Berwick 's case .
Berwick was nominated to be administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ( CMS ) on April 19 , less than three months ago .
He had not yet had a hearing .
His committee vetting was n't complete .
In short , Berwick is no Dawn Johnsen .
Johnsen was Obama 's choice to head the Justice Department 's Office of Legal Counsel -- like CMS administrator , one of those government jobs as important as it is obscure .
Like Berwick , Johnsen could not have been more qualified .
She was chosen even before the inauguration .
The Senate Judiciary Committee held hearings in Feb. , 2009 .
It approved her nomination in March .
And then ... nothing .
Because the Senate failed to act before ending the 2009 session , the president had to nominate her a second time .
Finally , 14 months into the proces , Johnsen 's nomination was withdrawn .
A recess appointment -- if Obama wanted to take the political heat -- would have been entirely justified in her case .
Not in Berwick's .
As Montana Democrat Max Baucus , the chairman of the Senate Finance Committee , said after Obama 's precipitous action , the confirmation process " serves as a check on executive power and protects ... all Americans by ensuring that crucial questions are asked of the nominee -- and answered . "
Bypassing the process also harms the nominee , undercutting his legitimacy and truncating the time he has to act .
Berwick can only serve until Dec. , 2011 , a short opportunity to make a big difference .
There are legitimate explanations for Berwick 's more incendiary comments on health care .
It 's too bad he did n't get to offer them .
A cynic -- who , me ?
-- might think that the administration simply preferred not to suffer the political downside of a public airing .
A cynic might wonder , with Arkansas Democrat Blanche Lincoln facing a tough re-election fight , whether Berwick could even get through committee on a party - line vote .
A cynic might think that the last thing Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid wanted before the election was a floor fight about rationing health care .
A cynic might look at the White House explanation -- that it was urgent for CMS , without a confirmed administrator since 2006 , to have a leader -- and ask :
Then why did you dither for 15 months before nominating someone ?
In announcing the appointment , the president complained that " many in Congress have decided to delay critical nominations for political purposes . "
True , but where 's the evidence of delay in Berwick 's case ?
You can't fairly accuse the other side of political gamesmanship when you short - circuit the process and storm off the court before the first set .
" To some degree , he 's damaged goods , " then - Sen .
Barack Obama said in 2005 about John Bolton 's recess appointment as United Nations ambassador .
Would the president say the same about Berwick ?
UPDATE , July 9 , 5:05 p.m. :
A few people have asked whether I 'm being hypocritcal in criticizing Obama 's recess appointment of Berwick when my husband received a recess appointment from George W. Bush .
It wo n't surprise you to hear me say that I do n't think there 's any inconsistency , but here 's why :
My husband , Jon Leibowitz , is a Democrat who is now ( having been selected by President Obama ) chairman of the Federal Trade Commission .
He was originally nominated to be an FTC commissioner by President Bush .
( The FTC is an independent agency with five commissioners of both parties ; when a Republican president is in office , Democrats recommend their choice for nominee and the president submits the nomination , as happened in Jon 's case . )
Jon was nominated in April 2004 .
He was recess appointed in September -- 146 days later .
His nomination was not controversial in any way , with Democrats or with Republicans .
At the time of the recess appointment , he -- unlike Dr. Berwick -- already had had a hearing and was on the verge of being approved by the committee .
The only reason for the holdup -- and the consequent recess appointment -- involved one senator 's concern about another nominee , to be FTC chairman , with whom Jon 's nomination was linked .
The president , who wanted to get that nominee in place , reached out to the Democratic leadership to see if there was a problem with recess appointing Jon at the same time , and he was told it would not be an issue .
In other words , where Berwick 's recess appointment was , as I wrote , a " snub " to the Senate , Jon 's was n't .
He was subsequently unanimously approved by the committee and by the full Senate -- as was , by the way , the nominee for the chairmanship .
So , both Berwick and Leibowitz received recess appointments , but the situations are different .
If my argument were that all recess appointments are outrageous , I would be guilty of hypocrisy in denouncing Berwick 's while accepting my husband's .
But my position is that recess appointments are justified in some circumstances , and might have ultimately been justified in Berwick 's case .
But not when the nomination has been pending for such a short time and before a hearing has been held .
I was recently browsing through the book store and a book I saw reminded me of an extremely popular list we published last year .
Thus , I decided to do this second list of medical myths .
These are all misconceptions commonly heard by doctors and it puts an end to them once and for all – or at least I hope it does !
Be sure to add your own favorite myths to the comments .
10 Missing Contacts
Most of us probably know at least one or two people who claim to be walking around with a contact lens stuck permanently behind their eye .
They will usually use a fear of having their eyeball popped out to retrieve it as the main reason they have just left it there .
Well here is the good news for those of you who think you may be suffering this annoying side - effect to contact lens wearing : it is impossible for a contact lens to get stuck behind your eye .
There is no cavity behind the eye for it to go .
So if you think you have lost your lens – the most likely places to find it are either tucked into a ball in your eyelid or on the bathroom floor where you drunkenly tried to remove it !
9 Missing Tampons
This is one for the women ( and one the men may want to skip ) .
It is surprisingly common for women to visit the emergency room because their tampon string fell off , and they ca n’t find their tampon .
In almost every case the investigating doctor will find nothing inside .
The reason for this ?
There is nowhere for it to go .
The walls of the vagina are closed together until something is put between them ( in this case a tampon ) .
At the top of the potential space created in the vagina by an object is the cervix .
If a tampon is missing , it is probably because you forgot you removed it .
8 Flu Shots
Rumor has it that you can catch the flu from a flu shot .
Well – rumor be damned – you can ’t .
Flu shots are made of viruses that has been deactivated or killed .
Despite the virus not being alive , your body is still able to recognize it for what it is and try to do something about it .
Having said that , recently there was a case of enormous quantities of swine flu vaccine being recalled because the lab forgot to deactivate the virus .
Oops .
7 Stab through the Heart
Pulp Fiction – the brilliant film – unfortunately perpetuates a myth : that you can inject a person directly into the heart in order to provide them with drugs as quickly as possible .
In the case of the film it is a shot of adrenaline after a drug overdose .
Unfortunately it is entirely mythical .
Doctors never , ever inject a person directly into the heart – adrenaline is delivered in the case of heart attack , but it is delivered directly to a vein .
Also , adrenaline is not used to treat heroine overdose – narcan is .
The closest that doctors come to putting a needle near your heart is when they insert it into the surrounding sac to remove excess fluids .
6 Elderly Sleep
The myth goes like this : the older you are , the less sleep you need .
But it is just that – a myth .
In fact , the rate of sleep needed is fairly constant throughout our adult life , but once we get over the age of sixty - five we need a little extra sleep .
The most likely reason for this myth is that old people can have more difficulty getting to sleep and this reduces the overall quantity taken .
But it is inability to sleep which is the problem here – not a lack of need .
5 Chocolate Acne
Too many are the number of kids berated everyday with the warnings against eating too much chocolate or greasy food : “ you will get acne ! ”
In fact , there have been very carefully done scientific studies that show an extremely low probability of acne being caused by either of these things .
One such test fed a control group chocolate with no chocolate in it , and the other group got chocolate with ten times the usual .
No changes occurred in either group .
But do n’t forget : too much of either will make you fat .
4 Sneeze Attack
This is a myth that at least has some basis in real observations .
The belief that the heart stops when you sneeze is false – utterly false , but the reason that this myth has come about is that in some cases a sneeze can cause a slightly erratic heart beat .
This is merely due to a change in pressure inside the chest .
3 Suck a Wound
I bet everyone reading this list has , at least once in their life , cut their finger and stuck it straight in their mouth .
This is bad bad bad .
The mouth is full of bacteria – it is not a clean environment at all .
Sticking one ’s finger in one ’s mouth after cutting it is an open invitation to infection .
Where this weird behavior came from I do not know , but let us hope that we all remember this next time we get a cut .
2 Concussion Sleep
Ah – yet again we have the movies to blame for this one .
Falling asleep after getting a concussion is not life - threatening ( in most cases ) , and you do n’t need to slap your children repeatedly in the face to keep them awake if they knock their head ( unless they have been naughty ) .
Concussion almost never leads to a coma .
But remember – if you or someone you know does have a severe knock to the head , take them to the doctor so they can be sure that everything is okay .
1 Contagious Ulcers
If you have ever had a cold - sore you know how agonizing they can be .
And they are extremely contagious so no kissing !
But unlike cold - sores , mouth ulcers are not contagious though many people wrongly think they are .
So far , the cause of mouth ulcers is not entirely certain – but viruses and bacteria have been ruled out .
It is most likely caused by disturbances in the immune system .
For the third year running
, the MythBusters — Jamie Hyneman , Adam Savage , Grant Imahara , Tory Bellici and Kari Byron — took the stage at Comic Con last Saturday .
The 2000 - strong crowd of fans — which included at least one Hyneman look - alike — went wild for the gang , which showed clips from the new season , airing this fall , and shared that they 've just renewed their contracts for another 7 years .
When we sat down with Hyneman , Savage and Imahara backstage , they had nothing but love for the Con , which , according to Savage , just keeps getting better .
" The panel we just did was off the hook , " he said .
" The response was amazing . "
Savage told us told us that the MythBusters definitely plan to take on more superhero myths in future seasons .
" There 's a lot of ways in which comic books look at physics that are ripe for testing , " Savage said .
" So while superheroes have provided a lot of material so far , we 're by no means done with that . "
Hyneman — who once built a Batman - like winch for the show — wants to explore a more original take on superhero myths .
A DIY superhero , if you will .
" I have this design for being able to climb up a wall using duct tape , " he told us .
" And up I go using the adhesion of the duct tape .
It 's something that you do n't think would be possible , but it might .
It 's not exactly Batman , but it 's close . "
Imahara told us that he already got to take on his ultimate sci- fi myth : Star Trek 's Gorn cannon .
But he thinks upcoming flicks , like Scott Pilgrim vs. the World and RED , will provide a lot more potential testing material .
Meanwhile , Imahara 's creation , robot skeleton Geoff Peterson — sidekick to the Late Late Show 's Craig Ferguson — took one step closer to becoming sentient .
Imahara recently upgraded the bot for iPad control , though he told us that he does n't have all the kinks worked out just yet .
Check out our exclusive video interviews below for what you can expect next season , the scariest moment so far , and why PopMech 's own senior auto editor , Mike Allen , is an honorary MythBuster .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Turkey orders arrest of 102 over ' coup plot ' Published duration 23 July 2010
image caption Former navy commander Adm Ozden Ornek is among those facing charges
A Turkish court has ordered 102 people charged with plotting to overthrow the government to be arrested and held in jail until their trial , the state news agency says .
The suspects were among 196 people indicted this week .
Some were detained in February and then released .
They include three retired military commanders .
They are to be jailed pending their 16 December trial .
The remaining 94 will remain free until their trial .
All are accused of involvement in an alleged conspiracy to create chaos and pave the way for a military takeover .
Among the 102 people are retired Gen Dogan Cetin , former commander of Turkey 's first army , former navy chief Adm Ozden Ornek and former air force commander Gen Halil Ibrahim Flirtina .
The indictment says the alleged conspiracy was drawn up in 2003 at the Istanbul base of the Turkish First Army shortly after the governing AKP party came to power .
The alleged plot - codenamed Operation Sledgehammer - reportedly involved plans to bomb mosques and provoke tensions with Greece , in order to spark political chaos and justify a military takeover .
( Budget Travel ) --
With all due respect to esteemed chefs and restaurateurs , anyone who 's ever bought fresh steamed crab from a Bangkok canal boat or sampled hot , crisp frites on a Brussels sidewalk knows that not all stellar meals are served in courses -- or even come with silverware .
In fact , certain cities around the globe have cult followings built entirely around their street - food cultures .
Below , a definitive guide to seeking out the best bites in the world 's most bountiful ( and greasy - fingered ) destinations .
1. Portland , Oregon
With more than 400 carts selling everything from Korean tacos to Carolina - style barbecue , Portland is a microcosm of mobile meals .
Lunchtime crowds gather near SW 10th Avenue and SW Alder Street ; later on , night owls head across the river to SE 12th Avenue and SE Hawthorne Boulevard for deep - fried cherry pies and savory crepes , served until 2 a.m .
Budget Travel : Top budget destinations for 2010
2. Los Angeles , California
Talk about a turf war .
Near L.A. 's MacArthur Park ( at South Park View Street between Wilshire Boulevard and West 7th Street ) , old - school vendors trade in Salvadoran pupusas plump with cheese and edible loroco flowers while a new wave of roving trucks tweet their daily locations and dole out custom ice cream sandwiches ( @coolhaus ) and buttery grilled cheese ( @grlldcheesetruk ) .
3. Ensenada , Mexico
It 's a rare city in Mexico that does n't have great street food , but the tacos de pescado in the Baja port town of Ensenada , demand a special pilgrimage .
Join the masses at the city 's fish market for corn tortillas piled high with battered fried halibut , shredded cabbage , pickled onions , avocado , jalapeños , and sweet - tangy crema -mayonnaise sauce .
Budget Travel : World 's most unusual landmark photos
4. Philadelphia , Pennsylvania
The nation 's first capital is also home to some of its oldest and most beloved portable fare : soft pretzels , Italian ices , and , of course , cheesesteaks , now being reimagined in Vietnamese and Mexican versions .
Locals get theirs at the century - old , seven - block - long Philadelphia 's 9th Street Italian Market , open daily ( italianmarketphilly.org ) .
Street Smarts : Look for the long lines .
Certain vendors are more popular than others for a reason , and a few extra minutes of waiting will almost always be worth it .
5. Puerto Rico
The food stands along Piñones Road about 30 miles east of San Juan make some of the island 's best frituras , or fried snacks : coconut arepas , piononos ( plantains stuffed with beef ) , and bacalaítos , a mixture of pancake dough and salted cod .
If you hit the strip around sunset , you might even catch an impromptu salsa - thon .
Budget Travel : Best places you 've never heard of
6. Rio de Janeiro , Brazil
Health - conscious Cariocas , as locals are known , hit up Ipanema 's Sunday market in Praça General Osório square , open from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. , for grilled - shrimp skewers and the occasional dessert splurge : churros stuffed with dulce de leche .
The less guilt - inducing alternative : a fresh coconut drink or an açaí shake from one of the stands along Copacabana Beach .
7. Marrakech , Morocco
In the city 's rambling medina , grilled - meat hawkers will cook to order any cut you bring from one of the many nearby butchers .
In the evening , head to the night market at Jemaa el - Fna and settle in at the communal tables for chickpea stew , boiled snails , and strong mint tea poured the traditional way : from a pot held perilously high above the glass .
Street Smarts :
When local water quality is in question , opt for hot drinks , and watch the preparation closely ( did that tea boil for a full five minutes ? ) .
8. Brussels , Belgium
Art nouveau architecture , the European Union headquarters : Who cares ?
Brussels is all about the frites ( which , we assume , account for the bulk of the nearly 250 pounds of potatoes a typical Belgian consumes annually ) .
At the city 's standard - bearer , the Maison Antoine kiosk in Place Jourdan , the secret to success is in the sauces : pineapple ketchup , beer - flavored carbonnade , and mayonnaise so tasty it 's almost a dish unto itself .
9. Vienna , Austria
Stroll the city center and you 'll encounter numerous Imbisses , stands selling sausages and sliced Leberkäse ( a baked loaf of ground beef and pork ) topped with mustard and folded into Semmel rolls .
And to try the local caffeine fix of choice , head to the cafés of the 18th - century riverside Naschmarkt for a Wiener Melange , an espresso drink with steamed milk and whipped cream .
10 . Istanbul , Turkey
Happily for all the travelers who make their base in the Sultanahmet district ( home to the Hagia Sophia ) , the stalls beside the nearby Grand Bazaar can compete with any in this food - rich city .
Have your pick of mussel skewers in garlic sauce , grilled corn , roasted chestnuts , and permutations of kebab too plentiful to count .
( Feeling adventurous ?
Try the kokoreç , chopped lamb intestines seasoned with hot pepper and oregano . )
Street Smarts : Bring your own plates and utensils .
Illness is often spread through improper washing ; this is one way to cut the risk .
If you see locals doing the same , consider it a must .
11 . Tel Aviv , Israel
Mouthwatering falafel abounds throughout the Middle East , but this waterfront city is also home to a unique treasure : the Iraqi Jewish specialty of sabich , a pita sandwich stuffed with fried eggplant , chopped hard - boiled egg , and pickled cabbage and beets .
To get right to the source , head to the stands of neighboring Ramat Gan , where the dish was invented .
12 . Bangkok , Thailand
For centuries ,
Thai food sellers operated out of boats along the canals that formed the city 's main transportation system .
In recent years , roadside cafés have all but supplanted the custom , but at Taling Chan floating market on the western edge of the city , vendors still grill fish and steam crabs directly on their boats every weekend from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m .
Street Smarts : Fruits and vegetables with edible skins are only as safe as the water they 've been washed in , so stick to the ones that you can peel yourself ( like bananas ) .
13 . Hanoi , Vietnam
The narrow alleyways of the city 's Old Quarter yield a treasure trove of breakfast delicacies for the jet - lagged traveler .
Street vendors set up as early as 5:30 a.m. to prepare sweet green rice wrapped in banana leaves , sesame - and coconut - filled dumplings in ginger syrup , and rich coffee poured over sweetened condensed milk ( but watch the ice ) .
14 . Singapore
In its many hawker centres ( or food courts ) , such as Chinatown 's Maxwell Food Centre , Singapore delivers a civilized street - food experience -- complete with table service .
Patrons can usually ditch their belongings at one of the marked tables , browse the offerings ( ranging from Chinese fish ball soup to spicy Malaysian pork - rib prawn noodles ) , and give their table number at the counter .
Note :
This story was accurate when it was published .
Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip .
Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE !
Copyright © 2011 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .
The launch of Starcraft 2 was a monumental international event , but Blizzard went out of its way to surprise Russian fans of the popular RTS franchise , by featuring a life - size replica of the Terran Marine costume .
A day before the official launch , photos of what seemed to be a Terran Marine in the middle of Moscow ’s Red Square appeared on the Internet .
Most claimed it was just a Photoshop job , and a bad one at that , but when the real - life Starcraft Terran Marine made an appearance at the launch site , everyone put their doubts aside and began cheering like crazy .
The realistic Terran Marine costume you ’re about to see is apparently one of only six in the world , weighs between 60 – 70 kilograms and costs a whopping 17,000 euros .
You could get a nice car for that much money , but no car could ever be this cool .
The guy wearing it does n’t exactly have the physique of a Starcraft Terran Marine , but once in the suit , no one could tell .
The weird thing is , at one point someone says the wearer has to be precisely 195 cm tall , but this dude seems a lot shorter .
Anyway , enjoy the video :
Feature story - 2 July , 2009
Our famous fleet of ships is about to get an extraordinary addition - The Rainbow Warrior III .
It will be purpose built from the keel up to fight the greatest threat to the oceans and our world : climate change .
zoom A legend continues ...
After a long and thorough planning and design process we are excited to finally see our dream ship coming to life .
The Rainbow Warrior III will continue our sailing tradition and begin a new chapter in the historyof our fleet : a custom - built high seas sailing ship , highly fuel efficient with the best green - marine technology .
At 52 years of age and after 20 years of successful environmental campaigning around the world , the Rainbow Warrior II is approaching its recommended decommissioning date and needs to be replaced .
The new ship has been designed by Gerard Dijkstra and Partners in Amsterdam , Netherlands and will be built by Fassmer , a shipbuilding company in Bremen , Germany .
Although the first piece of steel wo n't be cut until early 2010 - preparations for the build will start immediately and the ship will be launched in 2011 , our 40th anniversary year .
Shaping history with ships
This organisation was founded on the ocean , when the first Greenpeace crew set out in an old fishing boat to stop a nuclear weapons test in the Aleutian Islands .
Throughout the last 38 years we have used ships at the forefront of our campaigns .
They allow us to play a vital role in creating positive change , protecting the environment and promoting essential solutions for a more green and peaceful world .
Currently our main fleet consists of three ships , Rainbow Warrior II , Arctic Sunrise , and Esperanza .
Each of them are unique :
The Esperanza is the youngest of our fleet , ideal for fast and long range missions .
It is currently touring the Pacific to document and raise awareness about the effects of climate change in the region .
The Arctic Sunrise is perfectly suitable for icy conditions in the polar regions and is currently in northern Greenland investigating the impacts of climate change .
The Rainbow Warrior II is our flagship , the longest serving member of our current fleet - currently supporting a campaign to save Mediterranean bluefin tuna .
You can't sink a rainbow
In October 1978 , the first Rainbow Warrior defended the grey seals of the Orkney Islands , north of Scotland , when the British government announced a six year culling because " the seals were eating too many fish " .
When the sealers arrived activists from the Rainbow Warrior chased the seals into the water before the hunters could kill them .
As scenes from this event hit the national media - the UK Prime Minister 's office received more than 17,000 letters of protest and the cull wasended .
The original Rainbow Warrior started life as the ' Sir William Hardy ' -- a fishery research trawler used by the UK Ministry of Agriculture , Fisheries and Food .
It was built in 1955 , and was the first diesel electric ship built in the United Kingdom .
In 1985 , the Rainbow Warrior embarked on a Pacific peace voyage to the Marshall Islands .
The inhabitants of Rongelap , an island severely contaminated by fallout from US nuclear testing in the 1950s , asked for assistance in moving to a safer island .
The Rainbow Warrior evacuated 308 Rongelap Islanders and their belongings to Mejato , 200 kilometres away .
The Rainbow Warrior was bombed in 1985 by French Secret Service Agents in Auckland New Zealand as she was preparing for a campaign against French nuclear testing in the Pacific .
The two bombs killed one crew member , photographer Fernando Pereira and destroyed the ship beyond repair .
She was scuttled and sunk in the clear deep waters of Matauri Bay in New Zealand and is now a popular dive site .
The Rainbow Warrior is synonymous with Greenpeace , with taking a stand to defend the planet , and is an icon of hope world wide .
Not only does it provide Greenpeace with a platform to challenge environmental abuse across the world , it provides people with inspiration to take action of their own .
More than ever the world needs the hope and inspiration provided by the Rainbow Warrior .
Gerd Leipold , Executive Director of Greenpeace International , speaking at the contract signing ceremony
Listen to the audio documentary about the bombing of the Rainbow Warrior
Exactly four years after , to the day , the Rainbow Warrior II was launched .
Today , the Rainbow Warrior inspires people everywhere as she continues to campaign against environmentally destructive practices .
Since 1989 , she has sailed all over the world , from the the high Arctic to Cape Horn .
In 1995 , just before the tenth anniversary of the bombing of the Warrior , and just ahead of the 50th anniversary of Hiroshima and Nagasaki , French President Jacques Chirac announced a resumption of nuclear testing at Moruroa .
The Rainbow Warrior , accompanied by a huge flotilla , headed to the test site in protest , amidst a worldwide outcry against France .
On 9 July , French commandos boarded the ship , smashed equipment , threw tear gas into the bridge and seized the vessel .
Greenpeace activists were arrested , interrogated and deported , but the flotilla continued the protest .
The French returned the boat to Greenpeace some months later .
The resulting worldwide outrage forced France to finally stop nuclear testing in January 1996 .
The Rainbow Warrior II went on to play a key role supporting many of our campaigns such as ; documenting the impacts of rapid glacial retreat in Norway in conjunction with the Norwegian Polar Institute , obtaining evidence to prove the destructive impacts of bottom trawling in New Zealand , defending ocean life in the Mediterranean and more recently - encouraging countries around the world to Quit Coal and save the climate .
A flotilla of fishing boats joined the Rainbow Warrior II as it sailed into Bali , Indonesia , in December 2007 - during the UN Climate Summit .
The flotilla called on people all over the world to take part in the global day of action on climate change .
As green as it gets
The Rainbow Warrior II steel hull is of vintage riveted construction which is becoming increasingly expensive to maintain to the highest classification standards .
We will need a new Rainbow Warrior in order to meet our future global campaign challenges .
Upgrading the existing ship is not technically or financially feasible and converting a second hand ship would compromise our campaigning and energy conservation needs .
After careful consideration - we have decided that building a vessel from scratch is by far the best option .
The Rainbow Warrior III will be a state - of - the - art vessel built specifically for our needs and made to the highest environmental standards .
She will carry a complete range of essential safety gear and action tools , including four inflatable boats and the facilities for a helicopter , while providing accommodation and a cutting - edge communication platform .
The ship will be built primarily to sail ( using wind energy instead of fossil fuels ) , with the option in unsuitable weather conditions to switch over to engine - powered , diesel - electric propulsion .
It will also have the following green features :
• Hull shape designed specifically for superior energy efficiency
• A - frame mast and sails - optimised for highly effective sailing
• Electric drive system ( 10 knots on only 300kW )
• Green ship class notation with Green Passport
• Biological treatment of sewage and grey water
• Central filling and venting system for fuel and oils to prevent spills
• Environmentally friendly paint system
• Re-use of engine heat to make hot water
We 'll be putting a webcam in the ship yard so you will be able to see the Rainbow Warrior III being built !
Virtual launch
In early 2010 , we will be launching a virtual version of the Rainbow Warrior III in cooperation with VSTEP , makers of the " Ship Simulator " series of games for the PC .
Drawn from the actual 3 - D CAD drawings andspecs to which the ship will be built , game players will be able to sail the virtual Rainbow Warrior through realistic sea and weather conditions and re-enact Greenpeace voyages to stop nuclear weapons testing , save the whales , and protect Antarctica -- on their own PC or in multi-player mode online .
The game will also feature our ship the Esperanza and the jet boat the ' Billy G " will also be included in the game .
( Sneak peak : Watch a short computer simulation clip of our ship Esperanza navigating rough waters )
Signup for our newsletter if you 'd like to stay updated on our new ship or be alerted when the simulator game becomes available .
Check out the blog where Greenpeace crew members are talking about life on the oceans waves with the Rainbow Warrior I and II and their thoughts on a new ship .
Help build the Rainbow Warrior III
We are building the new Rainbow Warrior during a global recession , the cheapest time to build .
But it 's also the hardest time to raise money .
We need your help to make this ship a reality , and keep Greenpeace 's other ships in the water -- please give whatever you can .
© Catherine Karnow / Corbis Budapest , Hungary --- Typical Hungarian sausages , hams , bacon , meats at Nagy Vasarcsarnok , the Central Market .
--- Image by Â© Catherine Karnow / Corbis
Many studies have suggested that eating red meat can be harmful to your health — increasing the risk of death from cancer or heart disease — yet new research published this week in the journal Circulation suggests that the negative health effects may be limited to processed meats .
Researchers at the Harvard School of Public Health sifted through more than 1,600 studies , ultimately identifying 20 that investigated the link between meat consumption and disease risk in more than 1.2 million people .
They found that , while eating processed meats such as cold cuts , sausage and bacon was associated with a 42 % higher risk of heart disease , they did n’t identify any increased risk from eating unprocessed beef , pork or lamb .
Study authors say that this is the first major analysis of international data examining the impact of both processed and unprocessed meat consumption — and distinguishing between the impact of the two — on risk for both heart disease and diabetes .
According to the analysis , individuals who regularly consumed processed meats had a 19 % higher risk for developing type 2 diabetes on average , but again , researchers noted no elevated risk for the condition among those who ate unprocessed red meats .
The team of researchers , led by epidemiologist Renata Micha , defined processed meat as any lamb , beef or pork ( but not chicken ) that had been treated or preserved by smoking , salting or addition of other chemicals .
They found that , people who consumed an average of 1.8 ounce ( 50 gram ) serving of processed meat each day — the amount of meat in a hot dog or a couple slices of deli meat — faced 42 % higher risk for developing heart disease and a 19 % higher risk for type 2 diabetes .
The amount of saturated fat and cholesterol in processed meats is comparable to that in unprocessed meats , the researchers say , but the amount of preservatives — and sodium in particular — is significantly higher for processed meats .
While previous studies have linked red meat consumption to increased risk for cardiovascular disease and certain types of cancer , authors of this new study point out that previous research has not distinguished between processed and unprocessed meats .
Based on these findings , the researchers argue that Americans should be encouraged to eat less processed meat — specifically trying to limit consumption to one serving or less per week .
These findings may add momentum to national salt reduction initiatives — including efforts by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to devise a strategy for limiting salt content in food products .
The findings may also prompt further research into the health effects of certain preservatives : this past January , an initial inquiry by the European Food Safety Authority suggested that chemicals used to “ add smokey flavor ” may pose health risks , for example .
Click to see how food labels can trick consumers .
Click to see surprising new contributors to obesity .
This is a lovely sight .
Although the FDA and the DEA in the US have expressed concerns about the Kratom Tree , former president Bush just went ahead and started to plant some himself .
Angela Merkel 's BfArM also has been discussing a possible ban of this fine tree , but so far no decision has been made , next discussion is probably in december 2010 .
As for the recreational use of the tree , it is , compared to smoking and drinking , a lot healthier .
Besides the fun part of kratom , more and more people are experiencing benefits from the kratom leaves and powders in overcoming opiate addictions , for pain relief and other herbal self - treatment .
Regardless of what the public desires and with complete lack of understanding for the tree 's true nature , a growing number of governments are banning this lovely tree .
It would be nice if more government officials , start respecting this beautifull gift of nature and follow the example of Bush and Merkel .
The MiniHome is a tour de force of ergonomic design and space - saving ingenuity , if one can get past the stereotypical 70s Harvest Gold & Avocado Green interior color scheme – the decor is up to the buyer , at least .
At 125 inches long , 79 inches wide and 73.25 inches high , the camper offers copious living space that includes a full - size bed in the cabover section .
Other VW RV amenities include a slide - out butane stove and stainless steel sink ( above ) , a 50 - lb icebox and a closet .
In the 60s and 70s , various recreational vehicle manufacturers mounted small motorhomes on the Volkswagen Beetle chassis .
It was called the " Bugaroo " or " Beetle Minihome " : Web Urbanist has a large gallery of pictures and links to technical information about these unusual RVs .
Link via DudeCraft | Photo : Fred W. Truman
As existing distribution models for music and movies continue to be disrupted , creators unhindered by old business models are looking towards alternative ways of bringing their product to the world .
Filmmakers behind a new horror movie called The Tunnel are selling individual frames of their soon to be released BitTorrent - only venture , with one lucky investor picking up 1 % of the profits .
Even as Hollywood continues to pull in huge profits from its existing business model , the lure of even greater riches inspires the relentless pursuit of filesharing - related platforms such as The Pirate Bay , isoHunt and more recently , Newzbin .
The studios hope that one day sharing will be crushed and people will have no other choice than to consume media through conventional authorized pay channels .
While that is Hollywood ’s prerogative , others are beginning to realize that being able to exercise that level of control is probably a thing of the past and are exploring means to embrace disruptive technologies such as BitTorrrent by embedding them into their creative projects .
One such endeavor is a horror movie set to be released for free later this year by Julian Harvey and Enzo Tedeschi who together form Australia - based Distracted Media .
The Tunnel is a story based on the real - life networks of tunnels under Sydney , Australia .
Created decades ago , the tunnels were supposed to be used as a rail network but construction on them was discontinued .
Twenty years later they became U.S. General Macarthur ’s headquarters during the Second World War but were later abandoned .
A few years ago they made the news again when Sydney ran short of water and plans were made to utilize the flooding in the tunnels .
“ After much fanfare the proposal mysteriously vanished … and so the story begins … , ” tease the filmmakers .
The funding for the film is being handled by the ‘ 135 K project ’ – a reference to the 135,000 frames that will be present in the finished 90 minute movie .
A freshly launched website invites people to invest directly by buying a single frame of the movie for $ 1 , 25 frames ( 1 second ) for $ 25 or a minute for $ 1,500 .
“ The funding / distribution concept is an extension of something I was a part of on my last film , a feature doco titled Food Matters , ” Enzo Tedeschi told TorrentFreak .
“ We deliberately did not seek out a theatrical release , and instead decided to market directly to our niche audience online with direct - to - DVD and VOD .
It was a huge success , and even now 2 years after its first release , we are still breaking into new territories and have sold around 120,000 DVDs . ”
No media these days is excluded from becoming available on the Internet , and Enzo ’s previous production was no different .
“ It just takes a quick Google search to see the endless torrents for that [ Food Matters ] , too .
The production company was nowhere near big enough to even try and fight it , so it was accepted that it would happen .
So this time around I figured we should try and embrace that huge potential audience and make it a part of our strategy , ” he told us .
“ The Internet was meant to be a tool to connect us .
It was meant to break down borders and liberate .
Now we have an entire generation who are being labeled criminals for using that tool .
But perhaps rather than wasting millions of dollars fighting a losing battle against internet piracy , we should try and find a way to embrace the possibilities that this new world brings . ”
An added twist for investors is that one lucky frame - buyer will be selected to receive 1 % of the profits from the movie – Enzo is confident that the film will be making money .
“ People always ask ‘ But how will you make money ? ’.
It ’s because they are stuck in a old way of thinking .
We ’re confident we can turn a profit on this film doing it this way , and I think people will be surprised to see how this works , ” he concludes .
The longing for President Obama to vent some fury at oil executives or bankers may run far deeper than politics .
Millions of people live or work with exasperatingly cool customers , who seem to be missing an emotional battery , or perhaps saving their feelings for a special occasion .
People who  unlike the mining operators in the gulf  have a blowout preventer that works all too well .
Sang - froid has its place , especially during a crisis ; but so does Sigmund Freud , who described the potential downside of suppressed passions .
Those exhortations being directed at the president could be just as easily be turned on countless co-workers , spouses , friends ( or oneself ) :
Lose it .
Just once .
See what happens .
“ One reason we ’re so attuned to others ’ emotions is that , when it ’s a real emotion , it tells us something important about what matters to that person , ” said James J. Gross , a psychologist at Stanford University .
When it ’s suppressed or toned down , he added , “ people think , damn it , you ’re not like us , you do n’t care about the same things we do . ”
Rigorous study of what psychologists call emotion regulation is fairly new , and for obvious reasons has focused far more on untamed passions than on the domesticated variety .
Runaway emotion defines many mental disorders , after all ; restraint is typically associated with good mental health , from childhood through later life .
Yet social functioning is a different matter .
Research in the past few years has found that people develop a variety of psychological tools to manage what they express in social situations , and those techniques often become subconscious , affecting interactions in unintended ways .
The better that people understand their own patterns , the more likely they are to see why some emotionally charged interactions go awry  whether from too little control or , in the president ’s case , perhaps too much .
The 2010 Fremont Zombie Walk
If there ’s one thing I understand , it ’s being in a funk .
Recently , several of my friends have found themselves in funks , for varying and legitimate reasons .
And consequently , it put me in a bit of a funk ( did you know that funks are contagious ?
Bet they did n’t teach you that in sex ed.
Stupid middle school health teacher ) .
One of my friends is moving to Baltimore for graduate school ( I ’m resisting the temptation to watch The Wire , which I ’ve never seen , because I know that after doing so I will want to lock her in my bathroom for fear that something bad will happen to her ) .
I hate it when people leave Seattle .
It ’s silly – I ’m hardly ever in this town , but I strive to keep a high concentration of people I love in just a few places .
I like to tuck them safely away , and then , like so many other things in my life , I start to take them for granted .
Until one day , they tell me they ’re leaving .
And suddenly I think of all the hours spent in front of my computer instead of in their company ( ahem ) .
I think about the birthdays I missed , the parties at which I did n’t show up , the phone calls I forgot to return .
And I feel like a heel .
Hence , the funk .
It seems that the times I see a person the most are just when they ’re about to leave town .
Suddenly I rush to make up for lost time , to squeeze every ounce of life out of our interactions .
Because sometimes squeezing the life out of things is good .
Especially when you ’re in the company of friends .
And so , what could have been a dreary , sad , “ We ca n’t believe you ’re leaving ! ” dinner , turned into a magical afternoon .
Because what we failed to realize , when we sat down at a cute little Thai restaurant in the Fremont neighborhood of Seattle last Saturday , was that we had given ourselves first - row seats to the Fremont Zombie walk …
It ’s funny , because I spend a lot of time thinking about zombies .
I mean , a lot of time .
They ’re my number one fictional fear .
I think about zombie escape plans , and I realize that Rand and I need to work on ours .
I keep my gas tank at least half - full at all times .
I realize I will need to buy more non-perishable food items .
These are things that occupy my mind .
I realize it ’s not rational or logical , but still , I think about them .
So you can imagine how I shocked I was to discover that nothing – nothing – will pull you out of a funk like a Zombie Apocalypse .
–
Things started off quite calmly .
I think that ’s why it was so much fun – we really only expected to see a few passing zombies here and there .
–
–
Then we realized something was stirring .
The first people to go past were a couple of guys in HazMat suits .
They told us not to worry – everything was under control .
–
And then , then …
–
–
–
–
Keep in mind , we were having dinner , outside , at a lovely little Thai restaurant .
We had n’t exactly expected this when we sat down .
It was kind of a little gross , actually .
Hysterical , but gross .
–
We were in kind of a vulnerable position .
I ca n’t tell you how many people stopped by to nibble on my dinner companions .
Then again , they are adorable .
It kind of makes sense .
–
–
And the costumes we saw were downright brilliant .
Not simply zombies , but zombies with a backstory .
–
–
–
–
–
And damn , some of these folks pushed the envelope .
You can see the rest of the photos in my Zombie Apocalypse photo set , but I ’ve chosen not to include some of the more heinous ones here .
I heard that the guy who organized the walk occasionally gets criticized for glamorizing violence , but I do n’t know if I agree with that assessment .
It just seemed like a bunch of people dressing up and having fun .
We actually saw a lot of families , and people who looked delighted to be spending time together .
–
–
Overall ?
Well , this sums things up pretty nicely :
–
And just like that , my funk lifted .
Share this Post
Glenn Beck was all hyped up about last week 's Netroots Nation gathering in Vegas , especially the frequency with which he was mentioned .
The reason , he said , was that " this was really about you " ( which is , of course , one of the rhetorical devices Beck uses to get his viewers to identify with him ) .
He was especially struck by the remarks made by our friend and sometime C&L contributor , Color of Change 's James Rucker , who has been the point person in organizing one of the most effective advertiser boycotts of Beck 's program .
Beck :
We 're exposing the progressive agenda to the light of day .
And that is what he has a problem with .
Watch : Rucker :
No one knew what Tides was until Glenn Beck started -- I mean , people outside of our political world did n't know Tides , until Glenn Beck 's blackboard .
Beck : Now wait a minute .
We did talk about Tides .
There I am -- last September .
We talked about Tides !
Well , why would n't you want us talking about Tides ?
Are n't they helping people ?
Are n't they working for social justice ?
Is n't that what all of your progressive friends are working towards ?
Why would you hide it ?
Gee , Glenn , no one 's trying to hide the Tides Foundation .
And no one minds anybody -- Fox News included -- " talking about " them .
What they object to , rather , is your scapegoating them : unleashing a torrent of violent eliminationist rhetoric , ripe with fearmongering and falsehoods , in their direction .
The reason James Rucker mentioned the Tides Foundation , in fact , was a news story Beck assiduously has avoided mentioning -- namely , the gunman in Oakland last week who targeted the Tides Foundation after watching Beck 's program .
Funny that Beck seems blissfully unaware of this incident , is n't it ?
Especially when , as Media Matters has explained in detail , Beck appears to be the primary , if not sole , inspiration for this violent nutcase 's choice of target :
According to his mother , Williams " watched the news on television and was upset by ' the way Congress was railroading through all these left - wing agenda items . ' "
We do n't know what Williams was watching , or that television played a role in his decision to target Tides .
However , if it did , according to our Nexis searches , the primary person on cable or network news talking about the Tides Foundation in the year and a half prior to the shootout was Fox News ' Glenn Beck .
According to our searches , since Beck 's show premiered on January 19 , 2009 , Tides has been mentioned on 31 editions of Fox News programs , 29 of which were editions of Beck 's show ( the other two were on Sean Hannity 's program ) .
In most of those references , Beck attacked Tides , often weaving the organization into his conspiracy theories .
Two of those Beck mentions occurred during the week before Williams ' shootout .
On July 14 , Beck said :
You believe that America is the last best hope for the free world .
Boy , was I a moron for believing that .
Nope , there are a lot of people that believe that we are the oppressor .
This man states it .
He states in this book " The purpose is to create mass organizations to seize power . "
Wow !
That almost sounds like the Tides Foundation .
On July 13 , Beck said :
Well , they have the education system .
They have the media .
They have the capitalist system .
What do you think the Tides Foundation was ?
They infiltrate and they saw under Ronald Reagan that capitalists were not for all of this nonsense , so they infiltrated .
Now , they are using failing capitalism to destroy it .
By contrast , since January 19 , 2009 , according to our Nexis search , Tides was not mentioned on ABC , NBC , CBS , CNN , MSNBC , or PBS .
Not once .
This search is not perfect -- Nexis does not include , for example , MSNBC 's daytime coverage .
But the contrast with Beck 's coverage is stark .
As if to illustrate the point in yesterday 's segment , Beck ruminated a little later -- inspired by Harry Reid 's promise at Netroots that a public option will eventually pass the Congress -- in a way that very much sounded like he 's promoting violent action :
Beck :
You know , it 's funny , I do n't know what 's going to wake your friends and neighbors up .
I really do n't .
I do n't know .
Are they still saying it could n't happen here in America ?
Is that what they 're saying ?
I do n't know what else it takes to wake your friends and neighbors up .
But their freedoms are being lost .
They 're being stolen in the cover of darkness .
It 's like these guys are wearing an invisibility coat , or think they 're wearing an invisibility cloak , and -- and everybody can see them .
Like , ' Hm , no ' -- your neighbors -- ' No , I ca n't see them . '
' But they 're right there ! '
I have a sense -- I have a sense that there is growing frustration in this country .
I have a sense also that there are lunatics everywhere -- on the left and the right -- that have no problem killing .
Because that 's what lunatics like to do .
The average American , I fear , is about to say , ' I give up .
I give up .'
All of this -- particularly the vicious attacks on the Tides Foundation -- constitutes a classic example of eliminationist rhetoric -- something Beck has been doing for a long time , with progressives as his main target .
Beck always tries to claim that he 's being victimized and his free speech attacked whenever this is pointed out -- even though link between hateful rhetoric and violent behavior is a well - established one with a long and sorrowful track record .
We wondered not too long ago how long it would be before someone decided to act on Beck 's eliminationist rhetoric directed at progressives .
Looks like we have our answer .
Good morning .
Thank you , Chris [ Hook ] , for your kind words and for all the work that you , Marc [ Salans ] , the Board of DOJ Pride and our EEO staff team have done in organizing today ’s ceremony .
It ’s a pleasure to join Tom [ Perez ] in welcoming so many members of the Justice Department family , and so many distinguished guests , here today as we commemorate LGBT Pride Month .
I ’m glad that Senator [ Amy ] Klobuchar and Director [ John ]
Clark are with us .
And I want to congratulate Chris [ Hook ] and this year ’s other award recipients , Councilmember [ David ] Catania and Attorney General [ Doug ] Gansler , on their achievements and contributions .
I also want to thank our keynote speakers – Jenny DurkanU.S. Attorney for the Western District of Washington , and Sharon LubinskiU.S. Marshal for the District of Minnesota – for sharing their thoughts and stories with us and for providing an example of service for us all .
We have much to celebrate today .
In the year since we last gathered , our nation – and the Justice Department – have taken steps to address some of the unique challenges faced by members of our country ’s LGBT community .
As you all know , up until last fall , there was not a single line in the nearly 225 - year history of the U.S.
Code that referred explicitly to gender identity .
Today , the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd Hate Crimes Prevention
Act – which the President signed into law last October – does just that , finally protecting our nation ’s gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgendered individuals from the most brutal forms of bias - motivated violence .
In another important development , in April of this year , the Justice Department concluded that the Violence Against Women Act covers , and more importantly protects , same sex partners .
And , just several weeks ago , as part of the department ’s , and the Administration ’s , commitment to promoting diversity and inclusion , I announced a new Diversity Management Plan and the appointment of Channing Phillips as Deputy Associate Attorney General for Diversity .
With this initiative , and with Channing ’s leadership , we ’re working to ensure that the Department can effectively recruit , hire , retain , and develop a workforce that reflects our nation ’s rich diversity , a Department that welcomes and encourages the contributions of its LGBT employees .
I ’m grateful for the assistance and guidance that so many of you have given .
Our progress would not have been possible without your contributions .
And while we have meaningful achievements to celebrate today , we must remember how much more work we have to do to transform today ’s opportunities into tomorrow ’s successes .
Too many of the challenges that confronted the LGBT community 16 years ago – when DOJ Pride was founded – confront us still today .
Too many of the same obstacles that existed then remain for us to overcome .
Too many talented men and women cannot , in the words of this year ’s motto , " serve openly , with pride . "
With your help and engagement , we ’re working to ensure that the Justice Department lives up to its responsibility to provide a work environment where every employee is respected and given an equal opportunity to thrive .
That ’s the goal we share and the achievement we ’ll keep working toward - together .
Thank you .
Brooklyn , New York ( CNN ) --
With only a sandwich and a glass of milk to fill his legendary stomach after a night in jail , one - time hot dog champ Takeru Kobayashi walked out of court Monday declaring , " I 'm hungry ! "
Kobayashi was released on his own recognizance a day after he rushed the stage at the annual Nathan 's Hot Dog Eating Contest , a competition that he had been barred from this year because of a contract dispute with organizer Major League Eating .
Meeting with reporters after his hearing , he said , " I went as a spectator to cheer on my friends , and everyone was yelling ' let him eat , ' so I was hoping they would let me eat and prove I am still the champ . "
After rushing the stage Sunday in a T - shirt that read " Free Kobi , " Kobayashi was surrounded by police and taken away charged with resisting arrest , trespassing and obstruction of governmental affairs .
Kobayashi says the eating contest had placed more restrictions on him this year , and he was protesting those restrictions .
He says he could n't even eat " quickly publicly " as a result .
Joey " Jaws " Chestnut again took the Mustard Belt after swallowing 54 hot dogs and buns .
In a statement , the organizer criticized Kobayashi's actions but also shared good wishes for the former champ .
" Takeru Kobayashi's actions at the Hot Dog Contest in Coney Island were inappropriate and unfortunate , but it did not diminish Joey Chestnut 's victory , or the holiday tradition that dates back generations , " the statement from Major League Eating read .
" Kobayashi was a great champion and we hope that he is able to resolve his current situation and move past this . "
Kobayashi will be back in court August 5 .
CNN 's Chris Kokenes contributed to this report .
Over the course of the project its come to my attention that as developers we get it pretty easy with lots of encouraging comments from the community , however I worry that we do n’t properly communicate the troubles we invariably cause when poking about with Blender .
To this end , here is a laundry list of memorable mistakes we made during the project .
– Campbell 🙂
Wondering why his IP address has a collision with the server , Brecht changed it so his system could become a contributing render node , for some reason nobody can access the server .
Campbell spent 3 hours to find out why converting to mesh was n’t working , copying from the wrong object , one character change .
Campbell spent an hour or so trying to work out why the smaller the pow ( size , 0.0001 ) , then pow ( size , 0.0000000001 ) became more accurate .
Turns out no multiplication was needed the rotation matrix has the scale already applied : pow ( anything , 0.0 ) ==1.0
After considered discussion Campbell and Brecht were sure the artists did n’t have custom patches applied and it was save to refresh their builds , Brecht modifys the build script wiping Campbell ’s build directory , documentation scripts and WIP patches , Later we discovered Nathan also had 2 uncommitted rig- generating scripts , Luckily he managed use some ninja undelete - fu to get them back .
Campbell committed removal of most of blenders source code while attempting a merge .
Brecht ’s tiling / mipmap system compares file access times which the farm ignored , dancing textures !
Campbell updated the RNA API for keyframe paths , forgot to search for function calls and totally broke keyframe insertion .
Ton made custom keymaps override everything else and broke grease pencil
Campbell wrote a multi- processing hair - sim generator to run overnight which managed to overwrite all the freshly generated data while trying to render result for review .
THE MARKUP PROBLEM
One thing consumers may not realize when applying for an auto loan through many dealers is that it ’s often the dealers , not the company providing the loan , that ultimately decide how much you ’ll pay .
A bank quotes a wholesale rate to the dealer , and then the dealer is free to mark it up by as much as 3 percentage points .
The dealer ’s ultimate profit on any deal depends in part on how much it marks up this rate .
Image Consumer and military organizations wanted auto dealers covered in the financial overhaul bill .
Credit ... Steve Dykes for The New York Times
That spread used to be higher , before a number of lawsuits using data from as recently as 2004 revealed that blacks and Hispanics were paying more for their loans , even when they had the same credit scores as whites .
And in case you did n’t believe that everyone ’s a little bit racist sometimes , lawyers in one lawsuit determined that minority - owned dealers had the biggest markups , according to Stuart Rossman of the National Consumer Law Center in Boston , who was co-counsel on the cases .
It ’s not clear what the numbers are today , but remember that on many parts of the Internet , no one knows you ’re black .
So get preapproved for an auto loan via a bank ’s or credit union ’s online application process before going to a dealer to discuss financing .
Then , no matter what your skin color , ask the dealer to beat that rate .
THE ADD -ON PROBLEM
If you ’ve gotten a good price on the car and arrived with cash or a loan from someplace else , dealers will try to find some other way to make money off you .
In fact , lawyers for the finance companies that supply dealer loans promised Mr. Rossman as much when he was in the middle of suing them .
“ I would see them at legal conferences , and they would tell me that if we stopped them from doing what they were doing , they would just move their profit margins someplace else , ” he said .
And so the dealers try to sell you window etchings and service contracts , or disability and other insurance .
Or , they try to force you to buy these things by implying that the add-ons are a condition of getting a loan or getting a good rate on one .
Mr. Bailey of the dealers association says that this is illegal , but some dealers do it anyway .
The Oregon Justice Department has taken action twice in the last two years against dealers like this .
In August 2008 , it reached a $ 100,000 settlement agreement with Salem Nissan in Salem , Ore. , after finding that the dealership had added all sorts of products to almost all its contracts without the buyers knowing they did n’t have to buy them .
As is standard in these sorts of agreements , the dealership admitted no violation of the law .
Most of these products are of questionable value or available in better , cheaper versions elsewhere .
Keep a careful eye on your paperwork to see if they ’ve ended up on your bill .
As a special tribute to Pacman on its 30th anniversary , Google has unleashed the best Google doodle ever .. an interactive videogame ( with full sound efx ) on Google homepage .. and that too is Pacman and Google at its best .
Still Google is a day early as the legendary game was launched on 22 May 1980 in Japan 30 years before and has spawned numerous spinoffs altogether .
But the classic has not lost its charm .. not for me .. ever ..
When folks at Namco were developing it , who knew that a game about pill chomping and eating ghosts can revolutionize the videogame genre .
The Videogame on Google homepage can be played by clicking on the “ Insert Coin ” button and Pacman can be controlled using mouse or using Keyboard .. Love you Google :)
The game will be live for the next 2 days and make sure you play it before , else you might be dusting off Google at Wayback machine .
In the mean time , you can check out the game by clicking here or by going to Google home page .
( btw…i guess the chomp chomp voice is getting on my nerves while i m surfing net :| )
Like
This post ?
You can buy me a Beer :)
A 16 - year - old Californian girl attempting to sail solo around the world has been found alive and well following a desperate overnight search in a remote part of the Indian Ocean , her parents said today .
Rescuers contacted Abby Sunderland after she set off two emergency satellite beacons on her 40ft yacht , Wild Eyes .
Laurence Sunderland said rescuers on board a chartered Australian airline made contact with her earlier today and that she was alive .
" She 's fine , the boat 's afloat and she 's on it , " he told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation .
" It 's huge , fantastic , exciting news . "
Abbey 's parents lost satellite phone contact with her after she had told them she had been repeatedly knocked down in 60 - knot winds and 50 - foot waves , about 2,000 miles east of Madagascar .
One of the beacons was believed to have been attached to a survival suit and was designed to be set off by a person in the water or on a life raft .
Both beacons were manually activated .
Rescuers had been seeking to contact the nearest ship , 400 miles away .
Sunderland 's parents , Laurence and Marianne , posted a message on their daughter 's blog saying rescuers would reach her in a day .
" Wild Eyes is upright but her rigging is down .
The weather conditions are abating .
Radio communication was made and Abby reports that she is fine !.
" The French fishing vessel that was diverted to her location will be there in a little over 24 hours .
Where they will take her or how long it will take we do n't know , " they said .
Before she went missing they had posted that she was having difficulties , but appeared to be coping .
" We were helping her troubleshoot her engine that she was trying to start to charge her systems .
Satellite phone reception was patchy .
She was able to get the water out of the engine and start up .
We were waiting to hear back from her when American search and rescue authorities called to report having received a signal from her emergency beacon , " they said .
" We are working closely with American , French and Australian search and rescue authorities to coordinate several ships in the area to divert to her location . "
In the latest posting to her blog on Wednesday , Sunderland described enduring " a rough few days " .
" I 've been in some rough weather for a while , with winds steady at 40 - 45 knots , with higher gusts , " she said .
She said the weather had improved , but she needed to do some repair work on the sail before it was expected to worsen again .
" I managed to take it down , take care of the tear and get it back up in a couple of hours .
It was n't the most fun job I have done out here .
With the seas still huge , Wild Eyes was rolling around like crazy , " she wrote .
Sunderland , who set sail in January and passed the half way mark on Monday , had said it was her " dream " to sail around the world single - handed .
She had to abandon her original goal of circumnavigating the globe nonstop when she was forced to make a stop in South Africa in April after her autopilot failed .
Before she set off , there were questions among some in the sailing world over whether she was too young to make the journey on her own .
The timing was also criticised because she was crossing the Indian Ocean during the stormy southern hemisphere winter .
TJ Simers , a sports columnist for the Los Angeles Times , called the attempt " child endangerment " .
" I just do n't understand the idea of risking life .
This kid 's going to be out there all by herself .
Death is a possibility .
Bad weather .
Are you kidding me ?
Who 's responsible for this ?
She 's a kid , " he wrote .
She dismissed the concerns , but said she was aware of the dangers .
" I am definitely nervous , " she told ABC before her journey .
" But I understand [ the ] ocean and I understand how dangerous what I am doing is , and I understand how careful I need to be out there . "
A young Australian , Jessica Watson , completed a solo around the world journey last month , shortly before her 17th birthday .
Sunderland 's brother , Zac , sailed around the world alone last year , at 17 .
Extracts from Abby Sunderland 's blog ( soloround.blogspot.com ) , which she kept to document her solo trip around the world
26 January " I wish I could have written sooner , but as most of you know , the first few days out are pretty hard . "
18 April " This ocean seems to be taking a while to cross .
When you 're out here and waiting for something day after day after day , and it takes a lot longer than planned , it 's hard .
But I 'll be out of here eventually and be on to the next ocean ! "
27 May " I like going up the mast and I like heavy wind , but going up the mast when it is pitch black , when it 's gusting well over 30 knots and wave after wave is breaking over the whole boat , well , that 's just a bit much . "
7 June Abby writes : " I am ticking off the miles slowly but surely .
The weather looks like it could pick up a lot in the next few days .
I could have winds up to 60 knots , so I 'm getting things all tied down and ready for some big winds . "
10 June Abby 's parents wrote : " Abby has all of the equipment on board to survive a crisis like this .
She has a dry suit , survival suit , life raft , and ditch bag with emergency supplies .
If she can keep warm and hang on , help will be there as soon as possible . "
The Automobile Club of Southern California is offering its free Tipsy Tow service during the 4th of July holiday for the 14th consecutive year .
The community service is available from 6 p.m. on Saturday , July 3 , to midnight on Sunday , July 4 , to help remove drinking drivers from the road .
Tipsy
Tow is available in the 13 Southern California counties served by the Auto Club .
Motorists , bartenders , restaurant managers , party hosts or passengers of a drinking driver may call 1-800 - 400 - 4AAA for a free tow home of up to seven miles .
Callers simply tell the Auto Club operators , “ I need a Tipsy Tow , ” to receive the free tow and ride home .
A regular Auto Club - contracted roadside service truck will be dispatched .
Callers need to keep in mind that the service excludes rides for passengers , is restricted to a one - way , one - time ride for the driver and the destination is limited to the driver ’s residence .
Reservations are not accepted .
Drivers can expect to pay the rate charged by the tow truck contractor for rides farther than seven miles .
“ Drivers should be aware of the high crash risk from drinking and driving associated with holidays and we encourage them not to get behind the wheel if they ’ve been drinking , ” said the Auto Club ’s senior researcher Steve Bloch .
Fourth of July is a traditional time for barbecues , family gatherings , parties , picnics and activities that contribute to a more relaxed atmosphere and more opportunities for drinking alcohol , according to Bloch .
“ It only takes one or two drinks to slow physical and mental skills that affect vision , steering , braking judgment , and reaction time , ” he said .
“ Drivers should be aware that the California Highway Patrol and law enforcement agencies are likely using sobriety checkpoints and extra patrols to look for drinking drivers during the holiday . ”
California arrests a large numbers of DUI offenders every year .
In 2008 ( latest data available ) 214,000 drivers were arrested for the offense .
“ Motorists need to be aware that many enforcement agencies are targeting drinking drivers and as a result , arrests for DUI in the state have increased by 22 percent since 2001 , ” according to Bloch .
“ The toll from drinking and driving in California is enormous , ” Bloch added .
“ In 2008 , nearly 21,000 persons were killed or injured in alcohol - related crashes . ”
A recent AAA report found that 10 percent of motorists admit to driving when they thought their blood alcohol content was above the legal limit .
“ This is entirely preventable , ” said Bloch .
Drinking drivers frequently do n’t plan for other ways to get home because they are concerned about retrieving their vehicle the next day .
They cite taxi costs and inconvenience as reasons they do n’t use alternate transportation , according to the Auto Club .
Tipsy
Tow provides motorists with a safe ride home for themselves and their vehicle instead of driving while intoxicated .
People convicted of driving under the influence could lose many of the important things in their lives , such as family , job , dignity and money .
The Auto Club estimates that a first time DUI conviction in California can cost approximately $ 15,179 or more in fines , penalties , restitution , legal fees and increased insurance costs .
Current laws , enforcement , public awareness , and education efforts by public service - oriented organizations , including the Auto Club , have contributed to the decline in the number of alcohol - related fatalities during the past 10 years .
The Auto Club provides the Tipsy Tow service and free publications as part of its “ You Drink .
You Drive . You Lose . ” public awareness campaign .
The Auto Club advises that motorists can keep themselves and others safe and can avoid DUI arrests by keeping these safety tips in mind :
Washington ( CNN ) --
The Justice Department says it has decided not to charge former U.S. Attorney General Alberto Gonzales or other Bush administration officials in the controversial firings of nine U. S. attorneys , according to a letter sent to the chairman of the House Judiciary Committee .
Special counsel Nora Dannehy investigated the firings and Attorney General Eric Holder " has accepted her recommendation that criminal prosecution is not warranted , " the letter said .
The question as to whether the dismissals were made for political reasons led to a huge controversy in Washington .
Gonzales ultimately resigned .
In the letter , Associate Attorney General Ronald Welch said Gonzales made " inaccurate and misleading " statements about the firings .
The report also said Gonzales ' chief of staff , Kyle Sampson , also made misleading statements .
But the report by Dannehy concluded there was " insufficient evidence to establish that persons knowingly made material false statements " or tried to obstruct justice .
An earlier report by the Justice Department 's Office of the Inspector General and the Office of Professional Responsibility drew particular attention to the 2006 firing of New Mexico's U.S. attorney , David Iglesias , and whether he was fired to influence voter fraud prosecutions in his state .
Dannehy 's probe did not find " any prosecutable criminal offense was committed with regard to the removal of David Iglesias . "
George Terwilliger , a lawyer representing former Gonzales , issued a statement welcoming the end of the 22 - month investigation and saying Gonzales was " vindicated by the Justice Department 's long overdue conclusion . "
The statement said Gonzales had consistently maintained he had done nothing wrong .
" Those who made unwarranted allegations and predicted a prosecution owe Judge Gonzales an apology , " said Terwilliger .
A lame duck politician is an elected official who is not seeking re-election .
The term is often used to describe U.S. presidents in their second and final terms in the White House .
The use of " lame duck " is often considered derogatory because it refers to an elected official 's loss of power and inability to effect change .
U.S. presidents are bound by the Constitution to two terms in the White House under the 22nd Amendment .
So they automatically become lame ducks the minute their take their oaths of office for the second time .
Most of the time lame duck presidents become mired in cursed second terms .
Few have notched successes as lame ducks .
Members are Congress are not bound by statutory term limits , but the minute they announce their intention to retire they , too , earn lame duck status .
And while there are obvious downsides to being a lame duck , there are also some positive aspects to not being bound to the often - fickle whims of the electorate .
Origins of the Phrase Lame Duck
The phrase lame duck was originally used to describe bankrupt businessmen .
Ebenezer Cobham Brewer 's " A Dictionary of Phrase and Fable " described a lame duck as “ a stock - jobber or dealer who will not , or cannot , pay his losses and has to ' waddle out of the alley like a lame duck . ' "
By the 1800s the phrase connoted politically bankrupt or " broken down " elected officials .
Calvin Coolidge is said to be the first American president to be called a lame duck , during his second term .
The term is also used to described political patronage , as in " lame duck appointments , " or those made by an outgoing politician in his final days in office to reward friends and supporters .
The term was also popularized during the debate over when the president was to be sworn into office .
The 20th Amendment , which stipulates that the incoming president and vice president take their oaths of office on Jan. 20 after the election instead of waiting until March as they previously did , was called the " lame duck amendment " because it prevented the still - in- session Congress from acting behind the back of the incoming commander - in - chief .
Lame Ducks Are Ineffective and Mischievous
One common rap against elected officials who are on their way out of office is that no one takes them seriously .
It 's true that lame ducks see the power they once enjoyed in office great diminished whether it's by an election loss , the approach of a term limit or the decision to retire .
Wrote Michael J. Korzi in Presidential Term Limits in American History : Power , Principles , and Politics :
" The lame duck theory suggests that the closer a president comes to the end of a second term - if he or she is barred from seeking re-election - the less relevant the president is to the Washington scene and especially the congressional players who are critical to the passage of many presidential priorities . "
The lame - duck effect on the presidency is different than the lame - duck sessions of Congress , which occur in even numbered years when the House and Senate reconvene after the elections - even those lawmakers who lost their bids for another term .
It is true that lame ducks and lame - duck sessions held under the cover of night and without public scrutiny have resulted in some rather undesirable consequences : pay raises , enhanced perks and more lavish benefits for members of Congress , for example .
" They also have provided an opportunity to pass unpopular legislation not mentioned during the campaign , since blame can then be passed on the non-returning members , " wrote Robert E. Dewhirst and John David Rausch in the Encyclopedia of the United States Congress .
Lame Ducks Have Nothing to Lose
Elected officials in their final terms in office have the luxury of being bold and being able to address serious issues by adopting often controversial policies .
As Ohio University economics professor Richard Vedder told The Post of Athens about lame - duckery :
“ It ’s kind of like having terminal cancer .
If you know your time is up and you only have two months to live , maybe you ’ll behave a little different in the last 90 days . ”
Candidates who do n't have to face the wrath of voters for unpopular decisions are often more willing to deal with important or controversial issues without fear of angering blocs of constituents .
That means some lame duck politicians can be freer and more productive in their final days in office .
President Barack Obama , for example , surprised many political observers when he announced in December 2014 that the United States would work toward restoring diplomatic relations with the communist nation of Cuba .
At the beginning of his second term , Obama angered gun-rights advocates when he announced 23 executive actions designed to address gun violence in the United States after several mass shootings occurred during his first term .
The most significant proposals called for universal background checks on anyone trying to buy a gun , restoring a ban on military - style assault weapons , and cracking down on straw purchases .
Though Obama was not successful in having these measures passed , his moves did spark a national dialogue on the issues .
Despite anti-Obama conspiracy theorists , tea partiers and other various anti-government groups , a new interactive map of alleged government spying posted on the American For Civil Liberties website June 28 shows the Bush years , from 2001 through 2008 , were rife with surveillance on ordinary , peaceful citizens .
The Bush - Cheney federal agencies spent the most time on infiltrating , harassing or collecting data on antiwar activists protesting the Iraq invasion , according to ACLU records .
Out of the approximately 100 ACLU records posted from 33 states and the District of Columbia , 90 percent took place before Barack Obama was elected president .
There were less than 10 , which seem to have take place in 2009 - 2010 .
The ACLU says political spying has once again “ come to the fore . ”
“ A thorough search and review of news accounts ” reveals that these law enforcement behaviors “ have taken place in recent years , ” it says on its website .
The few records cited of law enforcement surveillance of “ peaceful ” citizens during the Obama years centers on watching mosques for “ terrorist ” support and organizing , or far - rightwing , Christian - identity militia groups .
The Bush administration preferred focus was on antiwar groups , leftwing organizations , pro-Palestine Muslim activists , anarchists , environmentalists and even the Florida - based Immokalee Workers during their fight for better wages with Taco Bell tomato suppliers .
The ACLU highlights Fusion Centers as one of the most troubling surveillance programs in the last year .
Fusion Centers began in the aftermath of Sept. 11 , 2001 , when the political push to share government intelligence across agencies gained new momentum .
One of the Sept. 11 terrorists was stopped by Maryland state police for speeding on Sept. 9 , 2001 .
He was on the CIA watch list , Time magazine reported .
So , the rationale goes , if that state trooper had that data , then the worst terrorist attack on U.S. soil could have been disrupted .
Fusion centers are a hybrid of local law enforcement , various federal and state agencies , military and even private contractors .
According to Time , the rise of fusion centers accelerated in the middle of the Bush - Cheney years , 2004 - 2005 , “ because the federal government placed much of the responsibility for homeland security on state governments . ”
But these fusion centers lack oversight , can easily violate privacy laws and are characterized by excessive secrecy , civil liberties advocates say .
But their focus and operations also vary greatly from state - to - state .
“ If you ’ve seen one fusion center – you ’ve seen one fusion center , ” Jack Tomarchio , former deputy director of intelligence for the Department of Homeland Security , who oversaw the development of most of the country ’s state fusion centers during the Bush administration , told Time .
There are 72 fusion centers operating today , the ACLU says .
A quick look at two fusion centers ’ newsletters illustrates a vast difference in political focus .
In February 2009 , the Texas Fusion Center reported as fact a controversial statement allegedly made by the founder of Council on American - Islamic Relations ( which he has denied making ) as an example of “ Middle Eastern terrorist groups ” and their supporters being successful in “ gaining support for Islamic goals in the United States . ”
On the other end of the “ spectrum , also in February 2009 , the Missouri Fusion Center reported on the “ modern militia movement ” pointing out , among other things , its ties to white supremacist , anti-Semitic and nationalist organizations .
It also said that militia members are “ usually supporters ” of third - party presidential candidates like Ron Paul and Bob Barr .
That raised such a ruckus among libertarians and anti-Obama groups , the center retracted it .
The ACLU says there is good news , though .
The 2010 DHS Homeland Security Grant Program “ established a requirement that fusion centers certify that privacy and civil liberties protections are in place in order to use DHS grant funds . ”
Such a requirement is a first for DHS .
Photo : Robotclaw666/CC
Image caption Opel was a sign of German industrial success despite being US - owned
German Economy Minister Rainer Bruederle has rejected a request for state aid by carmaker General Motors for its European division Opel .
Opel , which owns the UK Vauxhall unit , wanted loan guarantees of more than 1bn euros ( £ 900 m ) from Germany .
GM asked for the guarantees to help it raise money to restructure Opel .
Some German politicians were unhappy that GM was asking for aid , despite having paid off loans it received from the US government .
' Very disappointed '
A German committee that considers requests for aid from companies hit during the recession met to consider Opel on Wednesday , but failed to reach a decision .
This put the matter back into the hands of Mr Bruederle , who announced : " I am confident that Opel has a good future without credit guarantees . "
Opel 's chief executive Nick Reilly said that he did not " particularly understand the reasons why " the aid was rejected .
" GM is naturally very disappointed , as is Opel , with this decision after such a very long process , and we have spent a lot of time answering many , many hundreds of questions , being reviewed by many committees , " he said .
GM emerged from bankruptcy protection last July , and in May this year reported its first quarterly profit in nearly three years .
The company also repaid $ 8.1 bn in loans it had received from the US and Canadian governments .
' Review options '
Opel employs some 24,000 people in Germany , where it assembles Insignias , Astras and Corsas at four plants .
On Thursday , German Chancellor Angela Merkel was due to meet with the leaders of the states that host Opel plants , and there was speculation that the guarantees may yet be provided from other government departments .
GM has said it will spend about 1.9bn euros on restructuring Opel , but is seeking 1.8bn euros in loan guarantees from European governments , including the 1.1bn euros from Germany .
The aid request from GM has not been helped by Germany taking a lead in promising bail - out money to struggling eurozone countries - a position which led to a fall in Mrs Merkel 's popularity ratings .
GM's Mr Reilly said the firm would " review all our options for funding " .
" The UK government and the Spanish government have both signalled they are willing to give guarantees so that we will have access to capital markets . "
Renault is currently taking reservations for the 2012 Renault Fluence Z.E. , an all electric car designed to compete with the Nissan Leaf .
Initially Renault is hoping to sell 100,000 units in Israel and Denmark , not sure why these two countries were chosen but we are assured that Renault is aiming to sell to the greater EU and North America before 2015 .
Pricing details of the Fluence are not yet public however Renault have made it clear that they will be adopting the same strategy as Nissan by selling the car to customers but maintaining ownership of the battery systems and leasing them to Fluence owners for a monthly fee .
The Fluence is a bit of a step away from the great looking original concept ( pictured below ) , which is always a shame to see .
Why car manufacturers insist on teasing people with magnificent looking concept vehicles and then turning out plain vanilla production units is lost on me .
They ’re letting us all know that they could create great looking cars if they wanted to .
They just do n’t want to .
It ’s like an automotive “ meh ” .
The Fluence Z.E. will have a range of 99 miles , not sure why Renault did n’t throw in a couple of extra AA lithium ion batteries to boost the range into 3 figures but I ’m sure they have their reasons .
The 22 kWh lithium ion battery system is compatible with Better Place ’s quick - drop battery swap and if you ’re recharging it ’ll take 30 minutes from a 32A/400V station and 6 - 8 hours from a household 220 volt wall socket .
For further information or to pre-reserve one for yourself , head over to Renault - ZE .
Via Renault
- To stay in the loop join our Facebook page grab the RSS feed or join us on Twitter @ElectroVelocity –
Want to scar your children for life ?
Tell them you you have to sell one of them to buy a boat .
Oooor 1 ) take a cardboard box and write ' TOYS !' real big on the side with puffy paint and 2 ) seal it up real good using hinged packing tape .
3 ) Tell the little tykes everything inside is theirs if they can just open the box in less than a minute and 4 ) sit back and laugh your demented ass off as they keep trying to open the wrong sides .
5 ) Watch the horror grow on their little faces as time slips away until 6 ) you call ' TIME ! ' and tell them you 'll just have to give their ponies / rocket - packs to the kid down the street , at which time you will be eligible to 7 ) just pay postage and handling for your ' Parent of the Year ' award .
Congratulations -- you earned it !
Terrific Sticky Tape of the Day [ thedailywh.at ]
Thanks to Doug , who still believes in parenting the old fashioned way : hiring a nanny .
Everybody wants to be more productive , and you can find loads of tools and systems designed to help you do just that .
But how do you measure your productivity in any given day ?
That 's where a daily log comes in handy .
Advertisement
Keep a Log of Everything Useful You 've Accomplished
You might be tempted to simply use your to - do list 's completed items view to track what you 've accomplished , but you'd be fooling yourself — between co-workers bugging us , unexpected problems arising , and just plain old procrastination , the difference between what we check off our daily to - do list and what we actually do can be huge .
A lot of the things you accomplish may never make it to your to - do list .
Advertisement
This is where the daily log can help you understand what you 've actually done for the day in comparison to what you had planned for the day .
It 's not difficult — simply keep a log of everything that you 've accomplished for the day , preferably adding notes quickly as you go along .
Made it through a boring meeting without sleeping ?
Log it .
Finally sent in that that TPS report , cover sheet included ?
Log it .
You might be surprised at the outcome , especially when you give in to procrastination — your to - do list might be telling you to start that big , important project , but your daily log will detail how you cleaned everything in your house instead of tackling it .
Keep Your Daily Log Simple
You can use any tool to create a daily log — it does n't matter whether you prefer pen and paper , a ubiquitous capture system like Evernote , vim on the command line , or a simple notes application — they can all accomplish the job , and what you choose only depends on what works best for you .
Advertisement
The only really important factor to consider when setting up a daily log is how easy it will be to add new items to the list — if the barrier to entry is too high , you 'll find yourself forgetting to add anything at all .
As someone who spends most of his time with a computer at least nearby , here are some of my preferred methods .
Use the .LOG Notepad Trick to Generate a Daily Log
Advertisement
There 's a little - known trick built right into Windows ' default Notepad application that will make it so whenever you open the file , a timestamp is generated on a new line at the bottom of the file , and the cursor is automatically placed below it , ready for your entry .
Simply create a new text file , and add the text " .LOG " ( without the quotes ) on the top line of the file .
Save the file and re-open it , and you 'll see the new timestamp added to the bottom .
This little trick can save you a lot of time and make it simpler to keep track of your daily accomplishments .
Advertisement
Pin the Log to the Taskbar for Easy Access
Advertisement
Now that we 've created a simple text file to keep track of what we 're accomplishing , you 'll want to make sure that your daily log is front and center so you do n't forget to add to it .
You can easily pin a specific document to your Windows 7 taskbar by creating a new shortcut to Notepad.exe , and then adding the full path to your text file as a parameter .
Open up the shortcut properties and assign a new custom icon to the shortcut , preferably something that stands out and reminds you to keep your daily log .
Once you 've finished creating the shortcut , right - click and use " Pin to Taskbar " to put the icon onto your Taskbar .
Advertisement
Use a Hotkey to Quickly Add Notes to Your Log
Advertisement
If typing notes into a Notepad window takes too much time for your taste , what with the saving the file each time and all , you can create a simple AutoHotkey script that makes it easier to add to your daily log with nothing more than a keystroke .
( If you 're not familiar with AutoHotkey , check out our introductory guide to get started . )
Advertisement
Create a new AutoHotkey script , or paste the following into your existing script , making sure to edit the path to the DailyLog.
txt file to point to the same location as your own daily log .
^!l : :
current=%A_Hour %: %A_Min % %A_DD %/%A_MM%/%A_YYYY %
InputBox , UserInput , Daily Log ,
What did you accomplish ? , , 380 , 170
If Not ErrorLevel
{
FileAppend , %current %`n% UserInput%`n , C:\path\to\DailyLog.txt
}
Return
Advertisement
Once you 've created a new script with the code above , you can simply use the Ctrl + Alt + L shortcut key ( you can tweak the shortcut to your liking if you 'd prefer something different ) to pop open the dialog in the screenshot above , type in what you accomplished — do n't forget the cover sheet on your TPS Report — and then hit Enter to append your accomplishment ( with timestamp ) to your log file .
Review Your Daily Log
Keeping a daily log does n't do much good unless you periodically review it .
Personally , I like to use Notepad directly to add my notes so I can see what I 've accomplished recently — you 'll be more motivated to accomplish something useful if you 've gone through half the day without getting anything done that 's worth writing down .
Advertisement
It 's also a good idea to add a reminder to your calendar to periodically check through your log and see what you 've actually accomplished for the week , or month , and then check the completed items on your to - do list .
It 's a great way to gauge the effectiveness of your to - do list , and help you tune things for higher productivity .
Do you keep a daily log ?
Let 's hear about your method for keeping track of what you 've accomplished in the comments .
Advertisement
The How - To Geek puts his daily log in Dropbox for access from any PC .
His geeky articles can be found daily here on Lifehacker , How - To Geek , and Twitter .
Enlarge By Robert Deutsch , USA TODAY Jakob Kozcinski cleans the glass of one of the 6,514 Empire State Building windows before film is applied between layers to make it more energy - efficient .
NEW YORK 
You want to ask him :
How many do you break ?
That 's because Anthony Concepcion does windows — lots of windows .
He 's working at the Empire State Building .
As part of an effort to become certifiably green , the office tower is removing , retrofitting and replacing each of its 6,514 double - hung , dual - pane windows .
That 's 26,056 panes of glass .
PHOTOS : Empire State Building goes green " It 's a lot of glass , " says Concepcion , 39 , work crew supervisor for the contractor , Serious Materials of Sunnyvale , Calif .
" It 's all part of going green . "
The building , for four decades the world 's tallest and still the tallest in New York , is spending $ 13 million on windows , insulation and other upgrades to cut energy use by 38 % and save about $ 4.4 million a year .
Never has a structure so old and so tall gone so green .
" It 's the most recognizable building energy retrofit in the world , " says Arah Schuur , director of a conservation program at former president Bill Clinton 's foundation
If you can retrofit the Empire State Building , you can retrofit anything , says Kevin Surace , president of Serious Materials .
The building has earned a score of 90 ( out of 100 ) from the Environmental Protection Agency 's " Energy Star " program .
That means a building constructed at a size ( 102 stories ) , a time ( 1930 ) and a pace ( about 14 months ) not known for energy efficiency now ranks in the top 10th of commercial office buildings .
Tony Malkin heads the company that runs the tower .
He says the goal , in addition to cutting costs and making the building more attractive to green - minded tenants , is to give other office building owners a model .
The Clinton Climate Initiative , created by the former president 's foundation , says buildings can account for three - quarters of greenhouse gas emissions in urban areas .
But , Malkin says , " we 're not talking about ' doing the right thing . ' …
Extra energy efficiency makes you money . "
The Empire State Building project has aroused interest among other high - rise owners , Schuur says , " but nothing far enough along to mention . "
Malkin says projects like his soon will be announced .
Ahead of Chicago tower A year ago , the Willis ( formerly Sears ) Tower in Chicago announced plans to replace its 16,000 single - pane windows and put solar panels , windmills and gardens on the roof , all to help reduce electricity use by a whopping 80 % .
Kate Murphy , spokeswoman for the building , says finances have pushed back the project .
Malkin , whose Empire State Building energy retrofit is about half finished , is dismissive of his rival in conservation , saying , " It 's important to distinguish announcements from actions . "
The new windows , which have 2.5 to four times more insulation , are not really new .
They are fashioned mostly from existing components by Concepcion 's crew of 35 .
Working in two shifts , the crew assembles 75 to 80 windows a day in a noisy workroom on the fifth floor .
Each night , workers remove scores of windows from their frames on the building 's office floors .
They wheel them to the workroom , where the glass panes are detached from their sashes , pulled apart and carefully cleaned .
A sheath of transparent insulation film is laid between the panes , which are resealed and placed for an hour in a 205 - degree oven to shrink the film in place .
Next , a mixture of inert gases is pumped into the space between the panes for insulation .
Finally , the panes are put back in the original sashes and remounted in the office floor frames from which they were removed the previous night .
Surace , the Serious president , says he 's never heard of a big building choosing to reuse , rather than replace , so much window glass — 96 % .
Malkin says he 's saving about $ 2,300 per window and avoiding the environmental impact of trucking new windows from the factory and old ones to recycling .
Changes go unnoticed
Because the windows are removed after office hours and installed before most office workers return the next morning , one of the most ambitious projects in Empire State Building history is occurring without the knowledge of most of its occupants .
The morning after the 32nd - floor offices of Skanska USA , a unit of the Swedish construction giant , had its windows swapped , " people did n't have a clue anything had been changed , " says Deborah Ippolito , a senior manager .
" You could n't tell by looking at them . "
Skanska , which occupies the entire floor , is the kind of big , environmentally conscious tenant Malkin wants to attract with the energy retrofit and an overall $ 550 million renovation .
Famous as it is , the Empire State Building never has enjoyed real cachet as a business address .
Tenancy was so low during its early Depression years that it was derided as the " Empty State Building " and supported largely by visitors ' observatory fees .
Ever since World War II , it 's had relatively small tenants paying relatively small rents .
Malkin wants to rent larger blocks of space to more prestigious tenants at higher rents .
A study by CoStar Group found that in the first quarter of 2009 , green - certified buildings had fewer vacancies than other comparable buildings and that such buildings have commanded higher rents for several years .
Green windows — actually , the sashes and frames are all painted the same city - landmarked shade of red — are part of that strategy at the Empire State Building .
Which leads back to Anthony Concepcion and the issue of breakage .
Normally jovial , he grimaces a bit at the question .
" Some days , none .
Other times , up to three , " he says .
" It averages out to about one a day . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The nation ’s ability to identify the source of a nuclear weapon used in a terrorist attack is fragile and eroding , according to a report released Thursday by the National Research Council .
Such highly specialized detective work , known as nuclear attribution , seeks to study clues from fallout and radioactive debris as a way to throw light on the identity of the attacker and the maker of the weapon .
In recent years , federal officials have sought to improve such analytic skills , arguing that nuclear terrorism is a grave , long - term threat to the nation .
The major goals of the federal efforts are to clarify options for retaliation and to deter terrorists by letting them know that nuclear devices have fingerprints that atomic specialists can find and trace .
The report , “ Nuclear Forensics : A Capability at Risk , ” was made public by the National Research Council , the research arm of the National Academy of Sciences .
It summarizes a secret version completed in January .
Three federal agencies  the Department of Homeland Security , the Defense Department , and the National Nuclear Security Administration , which is part of the Energy Department  requested the study .
Jean Louis Gassée has proven to be one of the most effective managers in the computer industry .
He propelled Hewlett Packard to the forefront of the computer industry in Europe , managed Apple ’s new products division during the Sculley era , and served as the CEO at Be .
Most recently , he has become the CEO at PalmSource after serving on its board of directors since Palm ’s spin off from 3 Com in the late 90s .
Having studied at the prestigious Orsay technical college , Jean Louis was recruited by Hewlett Packard ’s European ’s division , where he oversaw the marketing of HP ’s new minicomputer line throughout Europe .
He helped the fledgling division win a reputation in the important European market , a reputation that lasts even today .
In 1981 , Apple was preparing for its IPO and was expanding abroad .
Gassée was recruited to lead Apple ’s French division , Apple France .
He was given 25 employees and a very limited budget .
His division remained the most profitable division during Gassée ’s four - year tenure .
John Sculley , then Apple ’s CEO , was so impressed with Gassée ’s performance that he transferred him to the marketing department , where he oversaw a big shakeup after the departure of Steve Jobs .
Apple ’s old publicity firm , Chiat Day , was replaced by the agency Gassée had used in France .
Sculley was pleased with Gassée ’s performance and made him the leader of product development at Apple .
He would have final say about what projects were brought to market or were axed .
He was not enamored with Steve Jobs ’ vision for the Macintosh .
Instead of taking steps to prevent third party developers from adding to the Macintosh , Gassée wished to encourage them .
His mantra was openness .
He decreed that every Macintosh would be upgradeable and expandable .
Expandable Macs
The first vision to be in accordance to Gassée ’s new vision was the Mac Plus .
It was visually identical to the 512 K that preceded it , but it was a much more expandable machine .
It was the first Macintosh to feature SCSI ( a feature that would be featured on every Mac , PowerBook , and Power Mac Apple would produce until the iMac in 1998 ) , a high speed interface that allowed the computer to use high - speed hard drives , scanners , and any other peripheral that could be connected to the SCSI bus .
The Plus was also the first Mac that allowed for RAM upgrades .
Earlier Macs were actually modified to prevent users from upgrading memory .
Gassée ’s crowning achievement at Apple was the introduction of the Macintosh II .
Started in 1985 , the Mac II project was to create the next generation Macintosh .
It was to be based on a new processor , the Motorola 68020 ( which was able to address more RAM than the 68000 , ran faster , and could use virtual memory with the addition of a PMMU ) , would be housed in an expansive desktop case ( 18.7 ″ wide , 14.5 ″ deep , 5.5 ″ high ) , and would be expandable .
The new computer was based on a standard bus specification called NuBus .
It was originally designed at MIT as part of the NuMachine workstation project .
NuBus was very advanced , especially compared to the popular ISA standard of the time .
The bus was plug and play capable , very easy to program for , relatively inexpensive , and ready for the 32 - bit future .
NuMachine was canned , but NuBus stayed on the market after Texas Instruments took it over in 1980 .
It was eventually adopted by NeXT for its workstation line .
Overall , the new machine retailed for US $ 5,500 , comparable to many less - featured PC clones .
Sales for the Mac II were better than expected and provided a big boost to the Mac in professional markets .
It also prompted the development of a fairly vibrant developer community around the new standard .
Released at the same time as the Mac II , the Macintosh SE was essentially a repackaged Mac Plus with a few enhancements .
The biggest was the inclusion of a proprietary processor direct expansion slot ( PDS ) .
It also included a faster SCSI interface , ADB for keyboard and mouse , and space for an internal hard drive .
The new machine was introduced at US $ 3,700 ( US $ 1,000 more than the Mac Plus ) .
Shortly after the release of the SE and II , Gassée was offered the presidency of Commodore , manufacturer of the formidable Amiga .
The Amiga was known for its computing prowess .
It had a fully multitasking operating system , was easily expanded , and had a plethora of multimedia software available for it .
Consumer video editing made its debut on the Amiga with the relatively inexpensive Video Toaster .
Gassée ended up refusing the company , unsure of its future and management .
Macintosh Not-So-Portable
Gassée ’s reign was not only a series of shining successes .
The first Apple branded notebook started development at the same time as the Mac II , but the Mac Portable did not enjoy its the success .
It was essentially a repackaged SE with a faster processor ( 16 MHz ) , a handle , and a battery .
The Portable had a high resolution 640 x 400 active matrix black and white display and also had an integrated pointing device – its trackball was a portable first .
Using a lead acid battery , the Portable could net as much as 12 hours of battery life from a full charge .
In an interview , Gassée said that it was a “ no compromise machine ” , and he was right .
The Mac Portable was faster than many desktops at its 1989 release , but it weighed over 15 pounds and cost US $ 6,500 .
The machine flopped .
Apple After the Macintosh
Like many other Apple employees , Gassée saw that the Macintosh cash cow would not last forever , so he started several different projects to “ find the future Apple ” .
The most ambitious were the Pocket Crystal project and the Newton project .
A less noteworthy project was Jaguar ( right ) , a RISC - based computer that would not be backward compatible with existing Mac software .
The Newton and Pocket Crystal projects both centered around creating portable , intelligent machines .
The Newton project , started by Steve Sakoman , hoped to create an A4 - sized tablet capable of recognizing and interpreting handwritten commands .
The Pocket Crystal , spun off into General Magic and Magic Cap , was to create a personal communicator capable of networking with similar devices and exchanging information and updating information automatically through a technology called TeleScript .
Both of these machines aspired to become like John Sculley ’s Knowledge Navigator ( see my May 31 column ) , but were both pared down in size and scope to avoid stealing Mac sales .
Gassée , along with much of the engineering staff at Apple , was not encouraged for the future of the 680×0 line of processors .
The upcoming 80486 and P5 ( later renamed Pentium ) chips from Intel were both touted as being significantly faster than the 68 k .
Gassée decided to move Apple towards a RISC architecture and started the Jaguar project to provide a new RISC - powered computer based on Motorola ’s 88000 processor .
The early prototypes had as many four processors ( they were very inexpensive ) and ran a prototype microkernel operating system called Pink , developed by Apple and Novell .
The 88 k processors were not compatible with 68 k CPUs .
The Cognac team , which believed that compatibility with existing Mac software was vital , wrote a 68 k emulator to run older Macintosh apps on a wide range of RISC processors .
Eventually Jaguar was canceled , though some of its technologies lived on in the Power Macintosh line of computers .
Changing Fortunes
Microsoft released its first version of Windows in 1985 , and Apple felt little threat from the product .
Microsoft continued to refine the software , and in 1990 it released Windows 3.0 .
Gassée was stunned by its sales figures – so was Apple ’s board of directors .
By 1992 , there were 4.5 copies of Windows in use for every Mac in use .
Apple ’s share price plummeted 20 % , and the company had its second loss in history .
John Sculley announced his intention to resign , and Gassée quickly followed suit .
Gassée did not want to leave computing after his departure from Apple .
He was interested in the future , which he saw as more multimedia personal computers , and he wanted to get in the game .
He went back to Commodore , which was losing money and market share , and offered his services .
Commodore refused , and Gassée decided to build the next generation computer on his own .
To Be and Not to Be
He recruited Steve Sakoman from Apple and began Be Incorporated .
After looking at several different commercial operating systems ,
Be was unable to find one they could afford .
Sakoman and Gassée went to Fry ’s Electronics and bought the parts necessary to build a computer centered around the AT&T Hobbit processor Sakoman had used in the Newton .
Like the Newton , the BeBox would have more than one processor .
The Newton had two , but the BeBox had four .
Additionally , the machine was to include several digital signal processors ( DSPs ) .
DSPs are similar to FPUs and allow computers to make complex mathematical calculations very quickly .
With a prototype constructed , Sakoman began work on the new operating system that was to run on the machine , and Gassée went to work recruiting new programmers for the company .
The first three employees were all refugees from the failed Jaguar project at Apple .
The new operating system , eventually named BeOS , would take full advantage of the BeBox ’s design .
Like later versions of Mach , BeOS was based on a microkernel design .
That meant that there would be a very small kernel that handed request directly to the CPU , and other “ servers ” would handle everything else .
This made the system very stable .
Instead of restarting the computer , a user could just restart an individual server .
It also made it easier for programs to exchange information with each other realtime .
BeOS would distribute its load evenly across any number of processors , and as a result it performed very well with large loads .
Be got a working prototype together and demonstrated it to a few developers and prospective employees to great effect .
AT&T refused to continue developing the Hobbit processor after Apple refused to help fund it .
Be was forced to give up its original design and move to a new architecture .
The former Jaguar team members were all enthusiastic about using the new PowerPC processor , which combined the 88000 ’s bus architecture and IBM ’s POWER design .
The PowerPC was being developed jointly by IBM , Apple , and Motorola , and as a result the processors were even less expensive than Hobbits .
A brand new hardware prototype was created using two PowerPC 603 processors running at 66 MHz , significantly faster than the Power Macs and Pentium PCs available at the time .
It took only a short time to port BeOS to the new architecture , and work began on the user interface .
Early betas were to have a dock , not unlike NeXTstep , but later revisions replaced the dock with the deskbar , a widget similar to the Windows taskbar .
A developers ’ beta was ready for release at the beginning of 1994 .
The new computer generated a huge amount of positive press .
The new BeBox ( now in an attractive blue and white case ) was faster than IBM ’s RS / 6000 workstation , and BeOS looked and acted like the Mac OS .
Be began to run out of cash , and Gassée went on the prowl for venture capital .
Be had yet to give a major public demonstration of its new operating system , and Gassée decided that the Agenda 95 expo would be the best place to attract attention .
Sakoman rigged up a demo showing the computer decoding eight MPEG files at once without dropping frames , an incredible feat .
Most other personal computers required additional hardware to decode a single MPEG file at low quality .
There was also a 3D graphics demo , as well as a presentation about the way BeOS apps could communicate with each other .
The demo got a standing ovation , rare for a computer expo , and Gassée lined up millions of dollars in new investments .
The next show that Be was due to participate in was Apple ’s Worldwide Developer ’s Conference ( WWDC ) in 1996 .
A month before the show , Apple decided that Be could not attend because it did not offer a product for the Mac.
Gassée was annoyed at the snub and decided to port BeOS to the Power Mac .
Not only would this allow Be to attend the conference , but it would open
Be up to a huge number of otherwise unavailable customers .
With equipment on loan from Power Computing , BeOS was running on the new hardware in a matter of days , and Be made the show ( and even upstaged Apple ’s demonstrations of Copland ) .
Apple ’s leadership was painfully aware of Copland ’s deficiencies .
Apple ’s CEO , Gil Amelio , would later describe Copland as “ just a collection of separate pieces , each being worked on by a different team . . . that were expected to magically come together somehow . ”
Eager to beat Microsoft ’s forthcoming version of Windows NT for consumers ( Cairo ) , Apple began shopping around for a new operating system to replace the aging Mac OS .
For a time , Amelio considered licensing an operating system like Solaris or Windows NT .
The cost proved prohibitive , so Apple decided to buy an operating system outright .
For months , the press was atwitter with rumors of Be being acquired by Apple , but Apple surprised everyone at the last minute and announced that it would buy NeXT and use OpenStep as its next generation of Mac OS .
It was a big setback , but Be rebounded .
The company decided to move BeOS away from the Power Mac ( and the discontinued BeBox ) and onto the x86 platform .
Be hoped to sell BeOS as a supplementary operating system to Windows .
Users could surf the Net and use Office in Windows , then switch to BeOS to edit multimedia files .
Be went to many major manufacturers ( most notably Dell ) , but , under pressure from Microsoft , they all refused to bundle BeOS with their systems .
Discouraged , Gassée began looking for a new niche for BeOS before the company went bankrupt .
The Internet Appliance market was the latest fad , and Be jumped in wholeheartedly ( ironically , these machines were exactly what Gassée axed at Apple ) .
Their product was called BeIA and included a special interface and modified version of Opera ’s browser .
The machines got good reviews but sold horribly .
Be ’s largest hardware provider , Sony , ended up refunding the full price of the hardware .
Be Palmed Off
Be was hopeless and eventually declared bankruptcy , though not before it sued Microsoft for unfairly keeping it out of the PC world .
PalmSource ( where Gassée was a board member since it spun off from 3Com in 1999 ) acquired Be ’s assets , and Gassée became chairman of the company .
In the middle of the bankruptcy proceedings , the judge in their case ruled in Be ’s favor , giving Be hundreds of millions of dollars .
BeOS was to form the basis for Cobalt , the next version of Palm OS .
When the CEO of PalmSource resigned , and Gassée became the interim CEO .
Further Reading
Bibliography
Some of the sources used in writing this article :
Keywords : # jeanlouisgassee
Shortlink : http://goo.gl/Q0ph0U
searchword : jeanlouisgassee
Like this : Like Loading ...
( CNN ) --
If you think you 've heard it all , follow this tale of a hungry black bear who went for a ride , literally .
Douglas County , Colorado , Sheriff 's deputies early Friday got a call about a honking car and a commotion inside .
Perhaps it was teenagers or a thief , they thought as they approached Ralph Story 's 2008 Toyota Corolla .
It turns out it was a thief , albeit the furry variety .
The deputies ' first clue to something unusual was that the car was 125 feet below its normal parking spot in the driveway of the Storys '
Larkspur home , which sits on five acres .
Imagine their further surprise when they turned on their flashlights and got a peek inside .
It was a full - grown black bear , also known as ursus americanus .
The deputies had earlier received a call from a neighbor .
She had heard honking and came up to the Story home , where the family was asleep .
" Our Toyota was making a heck of a racket and was rocking back and forth , " Story said .
The neighbor called deputies shortly after 3 a.m. , according to spokeswoman Michelle Rademacher of the sheriff 's Department in the community 45 miles south of Denver .
Story told CNN the bear was probably drawn to a peanut butter sandwich left inside by his 17 - year - old son Ben .
He said the family did n't realize what was going on until deputies arrived and the neighbor came back and called them .
By then the car was no longer in the driveway .
Incredulous , Story , his wife and three teen children -- who have lived in Larkspur for 17 years -- rushed outside to see the red Toyota down the hill and near a tree .
Somehow , the bear had either opened the unlocked back door or pushed a window down to get inside .
Understandably agitated , it bumped into the horn repeatedly and eventually knocked the car 's gear into neutral .
The Toyota rolled down the hill .
The door added to the bear 's indignity by closing at some point during the ordeal .
A sergeant and two deputies who arrived on the scene " were stymied on how to proceed , " Story said .
They considered a tranquilizer or shooting the bear , whose gender is unknown .
" Public safety is our primary concern , " Rademacher said .
Finally , the officers decided the best outcome for all would be to keep everyone safe and let the bear live to see more adventures .
After taking pictures , one of them tied a long rope to a door handle and pulled .
After a few moments , Story said , the bear bounded out around 5 a.m. , at least two hours after it had gotten inside .
It left a foul - smelling " present " on the front seat .
The Toyota was trashed , with its air bags , seats and stereo torn to shreds .
It 's a total loss .
Ben Story said he was scared when the family rushed outside to see the car was gone .
" My dad is going to kill me , " he thought to himself .
" My car is gone .
I did n't lock it .
He said it was stolen . "
Rademacher said deputies have enough experience not to be shocked during a day 's work .
But this will make for a great memory .
Ralph Story admitted the incident was pretty comical .
He 's glad the animal got away and no one was hurt .
" There 's a bear in the car .
Who are you gonna get mad at ? "
Kutay Tanir / Getty Images
Why do we dream ?
It ’s a question dream analysts and sleep researchers have been studying for years .
Now new research suggests that some dreams may actually result from the brain ’s effort to keep learning , even as we sleep .
In a study led by researchers at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston , 99 volunteers trained for an hour on a virtual maze , trying to find their way through the complicated , three - dimensional puzzle as quickly as possible .
Then half the volunteers were allowed to sleep for 90 minutes .
The other half stayed awake , reading or relaxing .
During the resting period , the subjects were interrupted or awakened and asked to describe their thoughts or dreams .
After the resting period , the participants were asked to again tackle the maze .
Those who had n’t napped showed no improvement or did even worse after the break .
Nappers who were rested but did n’t report any maze - related dreams did better but showed only marginal improvement .
However , four nappers who reported dreaming about the maze showed a startling improvement , cutting their completion time in half .
The difference in scores before and after sleeping was 10 times higher for the maze dreamers than those who had n’t dreamed about the task , according to the findings published Thursday in the journal Current Biology .
Even though the number of dreamers was small , the researchers noted that the gap in learning between the dreamers and nondreamers was so wide that the finding was highly statistically significant .
Notably , the dreamers had all performed poorly on the test prior to dreaming about it .
That suggests that struggling with a task might be the trigger that prompts the sleeping brain to focus on the subject and work on getting better , explained the lead author , Robert Stickgold , a cognitive neuroscientist at Harvard Medical School .
“ It ’s almost as if your brain is rummaging through everything that happened today and deciding that you ’re not done with it , ” Dr. Stickgold said .
“ The things that really grip you , the ones you decide at an emotional level are really important , those are the ones you dream about .
The things you ’re obsessed with are the ones that your brain forces you to continue to process . ”
The study subjects who dreamed about the maze did n’t dream about trying to complete it over and over .
Instead , they simply dreamed about it in a variety of ways .
One person said he dreamed about the music that played along with the task .
Another dreamed about seeing people along checkpoints in the maze and remembering a bat cave he had once toured .
Another dreamed of searching for something in a maze .
The lesson may be that dreams do n’t necessarily have to make sense or be obvious to the awake mind in order to have a learning benefit .
“ It might be that sleep is the time when the brain is tuned to find those types of association you would n’t notice during waking , ” Dr. Stickgold said .
“ It does this by focusing on weak associations .
If that ’s the case , the dreams you have in REM sleep might be so bizarre for exactly the same reasons .
It ’s not that the dreams make no sense .
They make wacky sense . ”
More study is needed to fully understand the power of dreams in learning .
The researchers are planning a new study that “ spiffs up ” the maze tests using colors and images in a way that most likely will trigger an increase in dreaming among the study participants .
Whether someone can ultimately harness the power of dreaming to improve learning is an open question , but Dr. Stickgold does have a suggestion for students or others trying to master a task or study subject .
“ If you ’re a student and you want to do better on the test , you might need to dream about it , ” Dr. Stickgold said .
“ The question is , ‘ How do I get myself to dream about it ? ’
The answer is to get excited about it .
That seems to be what you dream about . ”
A Perth butcher says he is going to continue selling horse meat for human consumption despite receiving death threats .
Vince Garreffa started selling horse meat this week after being given the green light by Western Australia 's Food and Agriculture Minister .
Mr Garreffa says his move means Australians will no longer be forced to risk illness through buying illegally slaughtered horses .
But public opposition has been strong and Mr Garreffa has been forced to end plans to showcase the meat at a local food festival because of death threats , one of which he has reported to police .
Mr Garreffa says there has always been a demand for horse meat in Australia .
" I am a meat eater and I sell probably every meat that you could imagine that is legal to over 250 restaurants around the country , " he said .
" You have got to remember that Australia is slaughtering approximately 50,000 to 70,000 horses a year for human consumption .
" We have two major export abattoirs in Queensland and South Australia and here we are , we are not allowed to eat it .
And that is just unacceptable . "
Mr Garreffa says his requests to legalise the sale of horse meat have been falling on deaf ears for years .
He has praised Western Australia 's Agriculture and Food Minister Terry Redman for finally approving his licence .
" I think the current minister has got cojones bigger than a horse to have the courage to control it so that it does n't get out of hand , " he said .
" [ Mr Redman has said ]
' Hey , I see the anomaly .
Let 's do a trial .
Let 's see how it goes .
Let 's make sure that it is properly controlled by the Health Department and the meat industry authority , and make sure that it is clean meat for the public . "
But Mr Garreffa says he will not reveal where he gets the horse meat from because of the public anger over the move .
" At this stage , because of the amount of controversy that we have created , we have decided as of today , we will keep our mouths shut where they came from , where they got slaughtered , where they have been sold as far as restaurants go , " he said .
" We have got restaurants that are now too scared to advertise it because they are being hounded by animal liberationists and yet , here we are , we might be doing six , 12 , 20 animals a year is what I believe .
" We 'll become the horse whispers but we will look after you , because that is the business I am in . "
Mr Garreffa says he understands that Australians have a sentimental attachment to horses .
" I am so conscious of that , that you have got to realise that it is really pulling at the heart strings , " he said .
" If somebody told me that we were going to start eating Jack Russells tomorrow , I would be horrified .
" I love my Jack Russell and I miss him because I lost him last year but hey , emotions are one thing . "
He says at this stage , the controversy has probably scared other butchers away from selling horse meat .
" At this stage I think that if they experience the backlash of emotion , they might think twice , but I have had enormous support from customers and people in Western Australia who do n't even know me and unknown people from around the world , " he said .
" There are 6 billion people in the world , over 2,000 nasty emails [ were sent ] , but they have a right to express their opinion .
" The death threats I did n't appreciate . "
Visitors to Coney Island on Independence Day see plenty of red , white and blue .
This year , they 'll also see pink .
Pepto-Bismol is joining the list of sponsors for Nathan 's Famous Fourth of July International Hot Dog Eating Contest .
It will be the first stomach remedy product associated with the event .
By attaching its name to the ultimate ...
Quick !
Answer the following question without thinking about it :
How would you rate your programming skills ?
( Below Average , Average , or Above Average )
Based on psychological studies across many different groups , about 90 % of all programmers will answer “ Above Average ” .
Of course , that ca n’t possible be true .
In a group of 100 people , 50 are above average , 50 are below average .
This effect is known as Illusory Superiority .
It ’s been documented in many domains and even if you ’re aware of it , you ’ll probably still answer the question above as “ Above Average ” .
For even more fun , try asking that question to every programmer you know .
Do n’t ask them in a group , ask them one - on - one to get more ‘ honest ’ answers .
You ’ll get similar results , even from people who you know ca n’t program their way out of a wet paper bag ( this is the Dunning - Kruger effect , but it ’s related ) .
It ’s an epidemic in our profession .
Now , let ’s suppose for a second that you ’re right –you are actually above average .
You are da man .
A rock star .
God like capacities amongst mere mortals .
Keyboards bow in reverence to you as you approach .
Trumpets sound on high when you commit on GitHub .
If you ’re above average , then chances are you ’re an expert at what you do .
Calling yourself an expert sounds quite compelling –you get respect , deference , and prestige by being one .
Being an expert means you know it all about your subject .
Unfortunately , it also means you ’re going to get lazy .
It means you ’re going to eventually rest on your laurels and sit around thinking you ’re better than everyone else instead of actually working to get there .
Your expertise will become a liability because you stop trying to learn .
Maybe not today , but soon enough .
Instead , why not consider the more likely possibility ?
You ’re average , or heaven forbid , below average .
Aside from the personal stigma you might suffer here , think for a second about the real benefits of doing this :
By assuming you ’re not at the top of the pack , you now have incentive to get there
By assuming you ’re not the smartest person in the group , you now have the opportunity to learn something
By assuming you ’re not the best at what you do , you ’re going to work harder to improve yourself
Perhaps you ’ve heard of beginner ’s mind ?
Summed up by a zen master in classic koan - brevity :
In the beginner ’s mind there are many possibilities , in the expert ’s mind there are few .
The trap of calling yourself ‘ expert ’ at software development means that you pigeonhole yourself into some language ( Java , Ruby , PHP ) , some industry ( medical devices , social networking , games ) , or some specialty ( embedded programming , enterprise software ) .
Once you establish that expertise , fear of failure arises when you consider going outside that comfort sphere .
With your golden hammer of experience , everything appears to you a nail .
You stop thinking about screwdrivers and all other possible relevant tools because they ’re no longer inside your ‘ expertise ’ .
This is why starting out in software you wonder why “ experienced programmers ” ca n’t get X , when you just learned X in a matter of days .
X could be anything : closures , object - oriented programming , Ruby on Rails framework , Haskell programming .
It does n’t matter in the end , the expert ’s mind is cluttered with old knowledge .
The beginner ’s mind is open , free of hindrances .
It ’s harder to learn when you ’re an expert .
And this is why being the ‘ expert programmer ’ is dangerous .
So what ’s the number one thing you can do to be the best programmer out there ?
Start by considering yourself below average .
Step out of your comfort zone .
Be the averagest .
A master never stops learning , and neither should you .
When two uniformed police officers approached Hector Hernandez as he arrived at the City of Maywood 's official Fourth of July celebrations , he feared the worst .
The stocky 22 - year - old – whose neck tattoo of a Playboy bunny indicates membership of one of the area 's notorious Latino street gangs – has n't exactly relished his previous interactions with the local forces of law and order .
Imagine Hector 's surprise , then , when the uniformed men held out an outstretched hand , smiled and asked how he was doing .
" They said they were new to the neighbourhood , so wanted to say hello and welcome me to the event .
I think they even told me to have a nice day , " he recalls .
" I was like : ' You guys do n't normally speak to me unless you 're kneeling on my back ' .
I thought it was some kind of a sting . "
But it was n't .
Instead , Hector was being introduced to a brave new era in the life of Maywood .
Over the last few years , the local government in this tiny , blue - collar town about 20 minutes drive from downtown Los Angeles drifted towards bankruptcy .
Poverty , gang violence and inner-city deprivation were spiralling .
Then last month – in a move that made it instantly famous – Maywood 's cash - strapped city council decided to respond to its myriad problems with a revolutionary initiative : it voted to contract out every single public service the city once provided , from the management of parks and libraries , to the book - keeping at City Hall , to the running of its police department .
Today , Maywood is America's ( and possibly the world 's ) first completely outsourced city .
Where other local authorities might privatise their traffic wardens or binmen , Maywood 's council has gone the whole hog : sacking everyone from school crossing guards and parking wardens , to street maintenance workers , park wardens , librarians and even the clerical staff in city hall .
The number of people it now has on its payroll ?
A big , fat zero .
In the purge of city employees , which happened at the end of June , about 60 people lost their jobs .
Most of those redundancies hit the scandal - ridden police department .
In the previous five years , it had had to settle around 30 misconduct lawsuits , for alleged offences ranging from civil rights violations to rape by officers to unlawful killing , with compensation totalling $ 20 m – double the entire city 's annual budget .
In their place came the friendly cops that warmly greeted Hector on 4 July .
They are members of the LA County Sheriff 's Department , which agreed to be paid roughly $ 4 m a year to patrol Maywood 's streets , a figure significantly lower than the previous police budget , even before you factor its lawsuits into consideration .
Despite the public money it saved , the outsourcing project was highly controversial .
When it was announced , residents feared anarchy would follow ; old people thought they would be mugged in the streets ; local storekeepers wondered if anyone who would stop them from being robbed ; families presumed parks and libraries would close .
" You have single - handedly destroyed this city , " the about - to - be - sacked city treasurer told council members , during the acrimonious meeting where the outsourcing scheme was unveiled .
One month on , however , the naysayers have gone quiet .
Maywood 's parks are still open and greener than ever .
The leisure centre is overflowing with excited children .
City Hall appears to be running smoothly .
And almost everyone you meet says that since the city outsourced everything , services have improved and petty crime and gang violence have – on the surface , at least – virtually disappeared .
" I do n't see gangsters on the streets any more , " said Maria Garciaparra , bringing her children to the library .
" I do n't see new graffiti .
I still have a park for them to play in and this place to get books , so who cares whether the city employs anyone or not ?
If this works , then down the line , I 'm sure plenty of other places will copy it . "
Today , depending on your point of view , Maywood represents either a shining example of civic creativity , whose unique experiment in governance should be copied by recession - strapped local governments across the land or a reckless and foolhardy city that has been betrayed by leaders who have sacrificed its soul at the altar of capitalism – and will soon suffer the inevitable consequences .
In the former camp , perhaps naturally , is Aldo Perez , Maywood 's new director of Parks and Recreation .
He is actually employed by the neighbouring city of Bell , which is now paid to handle Maywood 's records management , finances and human resources , under a monthly contract .
The city was previously so dreadful at running its own affairs that he believes locals could only have enjoyed tangible improvements from the great outsourcing .
" When it was first announced , people said that the sky was going to fall and that everything would just stop , " he said , while chalking white lines on a baseball field .
" In fact , we are busier than ever .
For the first time in history , we are running free swimming lessons and they 're completely booked up .
We had 400 people here on 4 July for baseball and children 's activities .
Believe me – by outsourcing , we are actually providing people with a better service . "
Also singing the new regime 's praises is the Maywood 's city spokeswoman Magdalena Prado ( who also works under contract ) .
She argues , correctly , that the vast majority of locals do n't care who cleans their streets , or fights crime , or runs the library – provided the job is getting done .
And by any measure , she says , those things have so far improved .
" We are the first city to do this and it's a revolutionary idea , " she says .
" So while we would n't want to be copied by other cities – and used as a model by people who want to lay off employees – I would think that if you speak to the vast majority of people in Maywood , you 'll find that they 're pretty pleased with the way things are working out . "
Being pleased has historically been a rare state of mind in Maywood , a densely - populated industrial city founded in 1924 , which measures just a mile and a half across and where employment in traditional industries has declined heavily in recent decades , causing the white middle class to be replaced by migrants .
The city 's population is officially 30,000 , with 95 per cent having Spanish as their first language .
In fact , because of illegal immigration , the number of people living in Maywood might be as much as 50 per cent higher .
Like many other hard - scrabble communities , Maywood 's local politics have for years been mired in acrimony and corruption .
Four years ago , the town made headlines when a clerk , Hector Duarte , was sentenced to a year in jail for soliciting a hitman to kill a council worker who was proposing cutbacks that might have axed his job .
As tax revenues have fallen and demand for services increased during the recent economic slump , Maywood was forced to confront another tough reality – it could no longer afford to subsidise a failing police department which according to a state investigation was : " permeated with sexual innuendo , harassment , vulgarity , discourtesy to members of the public as well as among officers , and a lack of cultural , racial and ethnic sensitivity and respect " .
This year , Maywood 's insurance provider came to the same conclusion .
It cancelled the city 's public liability coverage , saying it could no longer afford to pay compensation claims related to police misconduct .
Despite an extensive search , no affordable alternative provider could be found .
As a result , the council says the outsourcing all of its employees to outside governments and administrations was forced upon it .
" We had no alternative , because without insurance you cannot employ people , " is how councillor Fellipe Aguirre puts it .
" Am I happy with what happened ?
Well , at present , people are getting better services and we are saving money .
So yes .
Will people copy us ?
Who knows ?
We are a unique city with unique problems .
But I think so far , what we have done is a success . "
The future may be a different matter , though .
Last week , the city of Bell found itself at the centre of a snowballing corruption scandal of its own .
A report by the Los Angeles Times revealed that the city 's council members had fiddled the rules to pay themselves salaries of over $ 100,000 a year , for part time jobs .
The city 's manager was earning $ 800,000 ; its head of police $ 400,000 .
Everyone Who Ever Lived
Global population growth is on track to reach 7 billion in 2011 .
We hit 6 billion just 11 years ago , in 1999 .
So , how big is the set of all people who have ever lived on Earth ?
About 107 billion , if estimates I ’ve adjusted from the Population Reference Bureau are correct ( I ’ve added 600 million to their 2002 numbers and rounded down ) .
That would mean that about 6 % of everyone who ever lived is alive today .
This infographic , from Jon Gosier , helps to visualize the numbers :
Via coolinfographics .
Comments
A man has used a fraudulent cheque to buy a television from a shop in County Londonderry .
The man used the cheque to buy a television worth £ 499 from a store on Main Street , Limavady , on 7 January .
It is believed the man may have driven away in a blue or grey Toyota Avensis , Carina or Corolla .
Police have appealed for anyone with information to contact them on 0845 6008000 .
PC Zone magazine is to shut after 17 years By Daniel Emery
BBC Technology reporter Published duration 14 July 2010
image caption Paul Mallinson , who was a staff writer on the magazine , has kept every issue he ever worked on
Britain 's first ever magazine dedicated to PC gaming is to cease publication after 17 years .
PC Zone magazine , the sometimes anarchic and irreverent monthly journal , is set to close after 225 issues on 2 September 2010 .
Future Publishing , which owns the title , said the closure comes in the wake of a strategic review of its PC games portfolio
At its last audit , PC Zone was only selling about 11,000 copies a month .
The magazine started life in a rather dank and dusty basement in Central London .
It rose from the ashes of Zero , a monthly multi - format games magazine that , like PC Zone , was full of off - beat humour , adolescent jokes and , on occasion , courted controversy .
Zero closed down on October 1992 .
However , most of the staff were retained and formed the core staff of the new , single - format magazine , PC Zone .
The concept of PC gaming was a new one in the early 1990s .
Games had traditionally been published on dedicated game consoles , such as the the Sega Mega Drive and Super Nintendo Entertainment System ( SNES ) , along with the legacy generation of micro-computers .
Renegade PR's Tim Ponting , who published the magazine from its first issue untill late 2002 , told BBC News that publishing it was perceived as ' madness ' by many .
" At the time , the received wisdom was that no one would buy it , " he said .
" But , it was a huge success , and the humour followed the legacy left by Zero magazine .
It was public schoolboy , very clever , holier - than - though , but it worked , " he added .
Cover disk
Three issues in , the decision was taken to give away a free CD Rom every issue , full of game demos .
At the time , the internet was in its infancy , so it was the only way gamers could get their hands on them .
This was a massive step .
Magazines had traditionally only had a 3.5 " floppy disk , with 1.5 mb of data .
CD Roms had 650 mb of space , which meant creating the role , unheard of in magazine publishing at the time , of disk editor .
This was my first step into journalism - before joining the BBC - and , despite a massive learning curve , things went swimmingly .
At first .
Two years later , the format of the magazine changed significantly with the appointment of a new editor , John Davison .
" He was much younger .
He took games more seriously than the previous editors but the humour less so , " said Mr Ponting .
" The style of the magazine changed and a slew of new writers came onboard ; the magazine developed a life of its own . "
One of these was Charlie Brooker .
Fresh out of polytechnic , he initially worked for the magazine producing the occasional game - orientated cartoon .
" I thought you had to be qualified to be a writer , " he told BBC News .
" David McCandless [ one of the writers on PC Zone ] suggested I tried writing and the rest is history .
" PC Zone is where I learnt to write , because when you have to do a five page review on an abstract game , you end up filling it with a few puerile jokes and a ' snideways ' look at the world , " he added .
The magazine enjoyed record sales , although not without a few stumbles .
Disaster
My ' faux pas extraordinaire ' occurred when I made a CD Rom filled with a thousand Doom levels downloaded from the internet .
Doom was the biggest selling PC game at that point in time , and it was easy for users to create their own custom levels .
Trouble was , trying to download and fill a CD Rom in two days , especially on a slow dial - up modem , meant that there was n't any chance to actually check the levels before we put them on a disk .
Nine hundred and ninety nine levels were fine , but one of them contained adult content .
Not exactly the sort of thing you want on a magazine aimed at teenagers .
Charlie Brooker also came a cropper .
One of the biggest games at the time was Tomb Raider .
The heroine , Lara Croft , had to battle hundreds of animals and so Mr Brooker created a cartoon parodying the game .
" It was a mock advert for a zoo that encourages people to kill animals , " he said .
image caption
The first issue of PC Zone came with two floppy disks on the front .
" It was based on Lara , but they were worried it would annoy Eidos [ the games publishers ] so they pulled that part and the end result was in very poor taste . "
The cartoon featured a young boy beating a monkey round the head with a claw hammer .
Tim Ponting described it as the " lowest point " of his stewardship of the magazine .
On both occasions , the magazine was pulled from the shelves , although - in an ironic twist - they remain some of the best selling issues of all time .
However , the magazine was riding the wave of laddish humour and sales were at an all time high .
But the explosion of internet use and the dot com crash spelt an end to the so - called golden times .
Change
Sales of the magazine started a slow decline , old staff started to drift away and puerile humour was no longer in vogue .
In 2004 the magazine was sold to Future Publishing , who imposed stricter budgetary controls , brought in new staff and redesigned the magazine .
But outside events were taking their toll .
Internet speeds had increased dramatically since the early days of dial - up modems , the console market had exploded , with the release of the new PlayStation and Xbox and a slew of gaming websites had sprung up .
People could now get their game demos and review with the click of a mouse , rather than waiting for their fix once a month .
The magazine circulation continued to decline with many industry experts expressing surprise that the magazine lasted as long as it did .
" The closure of PC Zone is the end of an era , " said Mr Brooker .
" When I was writing for it , in the mid-90s , people were buying the mag on the basis of the CD , and you can get it all on the net now .
" Also , with the growth of consoles , its being assailed on two fronts , because every game I now want to play is on a console .
So they were supporting a dying game format on a dying media format .
" It 's a shame , but somewhat inevitable , " he added .
Still life
But Richard Shoemaker , who was the deputy editor on PC Zone , does not think PC gaming , nor magazine publishing , is dead .
" Most PC games are now sold via digital distribution , and people like Steam do n't tell us what they are selling , " he said
" Just look at Activision ; World of Warcraft is one of their biggest titles and that only playable on PC .
" There will always be a place for niche magazines , such as the developers magazine Edge .
" The end of Zone is sad but inevitable .
It 's pretty impressive that it lasted so long . "
In a statement , Future Publishing said they were consulting with the four staff members on PC Zone .
" The team have done a great job in producing a quality magazine over the years , so it 's been a difficult decision to make this proposal , " the statement read .
" However , our strategy is to focus on the market leader , PC Gamer , in the PC gaming category . "
You ’ll find a comic in this spot despite Wes and Tony just giving each other killer high fives all week .
Welcome
Whether you live in a cabin in the forest or a penthouse in Manhattan , this site is for everyone whose heart is in the country
North Korea ’s coach is excoriated in a public meeting .
SEOUL — North Korea ’s soccer team got an official reprimand for losing all three of its World Cup matches , and the national coach could now be in danger for “ betraying ” the Stalinist country ’s heir apparent , knowledgeable sources have said .
The players were summoned on July 2 , on returning to Pyongyang , to a large auditorium at the Working People ’s Culture Palace and subjected to a “ grand debate ” and criticism that they failed in the “ ideological struggle , ” according to a Chinese businessman .
Players “ who participated in the World Cup were subjected to a session of harsh ideological criticism , with the exception of [ Korean - Japanese players ] Jung Tae Se and An Yong Hak , ” the businessman said , citing senior North Korean officials .
They took the stage before more than 400 people , including the sports minister Park Myoung Chul and a deputy director of the Workers ’ Party Organization and Guidance Department .
Players were then criticized by other athletes and a sports commentator and required to criticize head coach Kim Jong Hun .
The Chinese trader said in an interview that how the players were reprimanded and what kind of punishment they received was n’t known .
‘ Betraying Gen. Kim ’
“ There were about 400 participants at this closed - door meeting , including athletes from various organizations under the umbrella of the Ministry of Sports , and students from Pyongyang University , Kim Il Sung University , and Kim Hyong Jik School of Education , ” he said .
According to another source in Shinuiju , the meeting lasted six hours and coach Kim Jung Hun ’s safety could be in jeopardy , as he was publicly accused of “ betraying the Young Gen. Kim Jong Un , ” North Korean leader Kim Jong
Il ’s anointed heir .
“ There are rumors that coach Kim Jung Hun has been expelled from the Workers ’ Party , or that he has been sent to perform forced labor at a residential building construction site in Pyongyang , but such rumors are hard to verify , ” the source said .
According to the same sources , the sports commentator who covered World Cup games was present , and noted sports commentator Ri Dong Kyu was tasked to point out the shortcomings of each of the players , and subsequently criticize them .
According to multiple sources in North Korea , as soon as the North Korean soccer team qualified to the World Cup , Workers ’
Party meetings and lectures for students were organized to celebrate “ Young Gen. Kim Jong Un ’s accomplishment . ”
Forty - four years after its first World Cup appearance , North Korea made it to a World Cup again , just to be demolished in a painful 7 - 0 loss to Portugal .
The top two teams in each Asian group automatically qualify for the 32 - team final tournament , while the top third - place teams play off for a chance at another spot .
Original reporting by Moon Sung - hui for RFA ’s Korean service .
Korean service director : Max Kwak .
Written for the Web by Sarah Jackson - Han .
More contractionary , deflationary news .
AP :
The Federal Reserve said Thursday that borrowing dropped by $ 9.1 billion in May .
It also said borrowing declined by $ 14.9 billion in April , revising an initial estimate that showed a gain of $ 995 million for the month .
In May , consumers borrowed less on their credit cards and took out fewer auto loans .
Credit card borrowing has fallen for 20 straight months .
Consumer borrowing has fallen in 15 of the past 16 months as households have struggled with uncertain job prospects and battered finances following a deep recession .
By Kathryn Westcott
BBC News
Ten - year - old Dutch boy Ruben van Ashout will always be known as the " lone survivor " or " miracle boy " of the Afriqiyah Airways tragedy .
But how do such survivors cope with life after all others have perished ?
Officials have offered no immediate explanation for Ruben 's survival Ruben van Ashout was the only passenger to survive when the Airbus 330 broke up during a landing manoeuvre in the Libyan capital .
Ruben , who is believed to have been travelling with his parents , is recovering in a hospital in Tripoli .
Already his experience is being hailed as a miracle , recalling that of 13 - year - old Parisian schoolgirl Baya Bakari .
In June , 2009 , she was the sole survivor of a Yemenia Airways flight that crashed into the Indian Ocean near Comoros , killing 152 people .
Baya 's survival is widely referred to as one of the most amazing escapes in aviation history .
Previously , there had only been 12 cases of sole survival from a commercial air crash since 1970 , according to Airsafe.com .
Two - thirds of them were either flight crew members or children .
Rebuilding life
In a detailed account after the tragedy , she recalled clinging to a piece of metal gasping for breath in the waves .
Relatives of the crash off the coast of Comoros held a tribute to 152 victims
She said it was not until she was in hospital , after being plucked out of the water by rescuers , that she realised that she had been in an air crash .
At first Baya thought she had fallen out of the plane because she had been pressing too hard against the window with her forehead .
She feared that her mother would be worried about her .
But then she learned that her mother , too , had died .
" I began to understand the atrocious reality : I was not the only one to fall from the plane , " she wrote later .
" All of the passengers , the pilot , the crew had fallen from the plane .
Mummy , she fell from the plane , too , like me , perhaps right next to me . "
Today , Baya lives with her father in a suburb of Paris .
Her memoir - Moi Bahia , La Miraculee - was published in January and she is now reported to be focusing on trying to rebuild a normal life as a schoolgirl .
Still strapped in Juliane Kopcke , who as a 17 - year - old schoolgirl was the sole survivor out of 93 passengers and crew , knows what it is like to constantly relive such an a event .
It 's very painful - you feel guilty - even if what happened is n't your fault
Juliane Kopcke
It is almost 40 years since she fell more than 3 kms ( two miles ) after the plane in which she was travelling broke up in mid-air above the Peruvian rainforest .
She landed still strapped into her seat , suffering a broken collarbone and other injuries .
For nine days , she trekked through the forest to find help .
Speaking to the BBC's Ray Furlong last year , she explained how the experience changed her life .
" I live life much more consciously than before , " she said .
" Because I realised that you can't take it for granted that you 're alive ...
That 's what really affected me . "
She says that she was left with a feeling that she had to do something with her life , " to live in the moment and realise that it is not a given that you 're healthy - any day something could happen to you . "
The latest tragedy will undoubtedly bring back memories .
Survivors ' guilt " I still I think about it a lot , particularly , of course , when there is an air crash , " she said .
" But at other times as well .
That experience follows me where ever I go . "
Libyan TV showed the child who survived being treated in hospital Many who survive such disasters - particularly sole survivors - suffer from what is known as " survivors ' guilt " .
One aspect of this is feeling somewhat unworthy of survival .
Then there is the feeling of isolation , as there is no survivors ' network in which experiences can be shared and bonds formed .
Juliane - who is now known as Dr Juliane Diller and whose experience has been the subject of two films - described the guilt and emotional pain she went through as a lone survivor .
" It was less of a problem that I could n't talk to anyone , but that I was the only survivor and everyone else had to die , " she said .
" I can't get that out of my head .
" Why , why me ?
It 's very painful - you feel guilty - even if what happened is n't your fault .
It 's a real problem . "
Psychologist Trisha McCaffery recognises such emotions among survivors but explains that not everyone will necessarily suffer survivors ' guilt .
" Everyone is individual and have different coping strategies , " she told the BBC .
" [ Ruben ] will have flashbacks and remember his fear as he grows up .
But he wo n't necessarily feel guilty .
" He 's going to feel sad , and it depends on how that 's framed for him - if he helped to understand that he has nothing to do with it , and no responsibility . "
The 10 - year - old will not only have to deal with the trauma of the accident , but with the loss of significant carers , said Ms McCaffery .
" Usually you get an intensive adrenalin rush , and you need to talk at the beginning , " she said .
" Not everybody is the same , but often shortly after the event they want to get the event straight in their head and talk about it . "
Privacy Cecelia Cichan , the only survivor of a tragic crash almost 23 years ago , has never spoken publicly about the event .
The plane the youngster was travelling in with her parents and brother crashed shortly after leaving Detroit Metropolitan airport in 1987 , killing 155 passengers and crew , as well as two people on the ground .
Her story captured the attention not only the US but the rest of the world , and she received thousands of cards and presents from well - wishers .
According to a report in the First Coast News Celia was raised by an aunt and uncle who steadfastly protected her from publicity .
Psychologist Ms McCaffery believes this is crucial in such cases involving young children .
The media , she said , " can be very intrusive " and " from a child 's perspective strangers trying to get close and asking questions can be quite frightening . "
Ruben van Ashout 's story has also captured the attention of the world .
He is expected to make a full recovery , but few can guess what psychological scars he may carry with him .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Just for a change , it ’s not me projecting anarchist ideas onto contemporary science fiction .
Instead , it ’s one Margaret Killjoy ( who may or may not be pseudonymous ) writing at The Anvil Review , who takes a look at the John Scalzi - edited anthology METAtropolis and reads it as a selection of “ outsider anarchist fiction ” [ hat - tip to William Gillis ] :
The authors are not consciously political radicals , but they are clearly inspired by the possibilities of autonomy that have been opened up in the 21st century .
I would guess that not a one of them has read Bakunin , Rolling Thunder , or anarchistnews.org ; they ’ve struck upon the idea of mutual aid economics and horizontal structuring largely in a vacuum .
To be honest , I think there ’s an element of the vanity of the marginalised at play , there .
Sure , Scalzi et al may not have read the sources Killjoy cites , but they ’re hardly the only places that anarchist ideas crop up ; anyone who reads Futurismic would have stumbled across the ideas of mutual aid economics and horizontal structuring , and – my personal politics aside – I do n’t think anyone would claim this website as an explicitly anarchist text * .
The ideas Killjoy is highlighting have been part of science fiction ’s stock in trade for some time … that ’s exactly where I discovered most of them , at any rate .
I ’m surprised at her surprise , in other words ; sf is hardly the vacuum of ararchist ideas she seems to think it is .
However , once we get past Killjoy ’s own outsider theatrics , she has some interesting readings to share , and raises an interesting point : that certain components of the traditional anarchist philosophical platform are indeed becoming more culturally acceptable ( provided you define inclusion in science fiction stories as a badge of cultural acceptance , which I suspect would be contested vigorously by a large section of the populace ) , or at least acceptable enough to be put forward as plausible solutions to a difficult near - future in a fictional context .
I ’m not just fascinated by the cultures that these stories present , I ’m fascinated by their authors ’ point of entry .
I would suggest that technology culture in the 21st century is leaning more and more towards anarchist approaches .
Centralization is being outed as the demon it is : centralization and homogeny are understood as the bane of a healthy online network , and many are beginning to realize that the same is true of offline networks .
A sort of neo - tribalism is on the rise , as is simply understanding that people and cultures are more fascinating when viewed as webs , as horizontal networks , than as rigidly controlled and highly - formalized structures .
What ’s more , intellectual property is increasingly out of vogue .
A sort of anarcho - futurist mentality is on the rise : that we should borrow and steal freely from each other ’s ideas , that copyright laws are an imposition on our aesthetic and creative freedom , that they stand in the way of moving our culture forward–or outward , or in whatever direction it feels like moving .
Some are , I would argue , even beginning to understand that it is not that we steal ideas from one another , but that copyright and intellectual property actually represent theft from the public , enclosure of what by nature ought to be the commons .
Knowledge knows no scarcity and there is no reason to charge for its dissemination .
Slowly , this critique of intellectual property is filtering out into meatspace , and now in the 21st century many geeks are coming to their own understandings of what Proudhon so famously stated in the 19th : property is theft .
Radicals would be fools to ignore this sudden appearance of fellow - travelers .
Radicals might also be fools for not realising that sf has had a fair few fellow - travellers for many years , too … but the underlying point is valid .
Critiques of intellectual property , top - down power structures and the machinery of democracy are indeed rampant in modern culture , especially online , and especially in the sphere of science fiction .
Whether that means sf is a vanguard for coming political change or merely a haven for otherwise unacceptable and marginal radical ideas ( or perhaps both ) remains to be seen .
[ * – Or maybe they would ?
For the record , I identify with anarchism but not as an anarchist ; it ’s always struck me that an ideology so obsessed with abandoning hierarchies can be so fussy about deciding who ’s in and who ’s out .
Anarchism should surely be the - ism that rejects - isms , but – from my own outsider ’s perspective , at least – it ’s at least as obsessed with self - taxonomy and them - and - ussing as any other movement , if not more so … and much as I sympathise with many of the philosophies that inform them , my experience with radical groups has always brought to mind that well - known scene from Life Of Brian .
Your mileage , of course , may vary . 🙂 ]
It 's the near misses that make you want to shoot your own face off .
This week the Centre for Policy Studies has published a pamphlet on education that has been covered by the Mirror , the Mail , the BBC , the Telegraph , the Express , the Guardian , and more .
Boris Johnson endorses it .
So Why Can't They Read ?
examines why one - third of children have reading difficulties at the age of 11 , and concludes it is because of a lack of discipline , and the absence of a teaching system called " synthetic phonics " .
The report contains lots of anecdotes but barely mentions the evidence .
In 2006 the government published a systematic review and meta - analysis of all the trials ever to look at phonics , which you can read in full online .
There were 14 trials in total looking at reading accuracy as their outcome , and collectively they found some evidence that phonics are a little better .
Then there were four trials looking at comprehension , which found only weak evidence of benefit , and three trials on spelling , which collectively found no benefit for phonics .
All these trials were tiny , and when I say tiny , I mean they had between 12 and 121 children , mostly at the lower end of that range .
Only one trial was from the UK .
Many teachers feel the evidence is not compelling , and do n't like phonics .
To be fair , there is not enough evidence to say phonics works .
The pamphlet recognises this .
So how do we move forward ?
Should we run a large , well - conducted randomised trial ?
No .
The Centre for Policy Studies has it all worked out , and so does Boris .
Their solution is taken seriously by every newspaper in the country .
" It is time to end this culture war , " says Boris in the Telegraph ; " to try to settle once and for all … whether synthetic phonics is the complete answer or not …
" It is surely time for the government to organise a competition , a shoot - out between the two methods , to see which is the most effective for children of all abilities . "
Both expand on this idea .
Read for yourself .
They do n't mean a trial .
They really do want a competition .
By now you do not need me to tell you how dumb this suggestion is , but in case anyone in power is reading : there is no room for debate here , a " competition " between schools who have chosen one or other method is definitely and unambiguously flawed by design .
We run randomised trials , where the schools are randomly assigned to one method of teaching or another , for one very simple reason : to make sure that the two groups of schools – the ones doing the phonics , and the ones using the other methods – are as similar as possible for all other factors .
If we do n't randomise , " using phonics " might not be the only difference between the two groups of schools .
Maybe the schools using the strict phonics systems tend also to be run – and attended – by hardworking disciplined nerds like me .
If this is the case , those schools might do better on literacy tests because of the nerdiness , rather than because of the phonics .
Why have large , robust , randomised trials not already been done ?
Because people like Boris do n't demand them ; because teachers often believe – as doctors once did – that their expertise and intuition make such tests irrelevant and undesirable ; and because many academics in the field of education inexplicably resist them .
This is a relatively new tragedy .
In education , as in medicine , there is potential to do enormous good , but also incalculable enduring harm through failure : and , recognising that , some of the earliest examples of randomised trials are from education .
In 1928 HH Remmers took the worst 200 students of one freshman year and randomised them to receive either remedial teaching or teaching as usual , and measured the difference in outcomes at the end of the course .
In 1931 JE Walters did a randomised trial to see if counselling improves student performance .
In 1933 Remmers was at it again , running a randomised trial to see if having exams at the end of the first term improved a pupil 's outcome in final exams .
Education researchers helped to pioneer randomised trials , a lifetime ago , but then abandoned them .
We expend a vast amount of money and effort on assessing children , without much evidence that this does them any good at all ; but we make no attempt to cheaply and systematically assess the teaching profession 's various education methods , despite knowing that this would bring incalculable benefits for every generation to follow .
Instead , we have Boris and some thinktank wittering on about a " competition " , and everyone takes them seriously .
Nous sommes ravis de pouvoir enfin vous accueillir à nouveau à Guédelon !
Vous pouvez prendre connaissance ici des mesures spécifiques d'accueil de nos visiteurs ...
The remains of a vehicle used in a car bombing are cordoned off in a street in the northern border city of Ciudad Juarez , Mexico on Friday .
( ( Associated Press ) )
A drug cartel has used a car bomb for the first time in Mexico 's decades - long fight against traffickers , setting a deadly trap for federal police , the mayor of Ciudad Juarez said Friday .
Jose Reyes said federal police have confirmed to him that a car bomb was used in the attack that killed three people Thursday .
It was the first time a drug cartel has used a bomb to attack Mexican security forces , marking an escalation in the country 's already raging drug war .
Federal police and paramedics were lured to the scene by a phone call reporting that shots had been fired at a major intersection and a municipal police officer lay wounded at a major intersection , Reyes told The Associated Press .
As the paramedics were working on the wounded man , a parked car exploded , he said .
Reyes said authorities later determined that the wounded man was not a policeman , but a man wearing a fake uniform .
The man was among the three people killed in the attack .
The others were a federal police officer and a medical technician .
Brig.- Gen. Eduardo Zarate , the commander of the regional military zone , told reporters that up to 10 kilograms of explosives might have been used , although investigators were still trying to determine what type .
He said the bomb might have been detonated remotely with a cellphone , adding that burned batteries connecting to a mobile phone were found at the scene .
" From what distance ?
We do n't know .
But we think it was a distance that allowed [ the assailants ] to watch the area , waiting for the police to get out of their vehicle , " Zarate said .
Growing boldness
The car bomb demonstrates the growing boldness and military sophistication of Mexico 's drug traffickers , who have dramatically stepped up attacks against security forces and government officials since President Felipe Calderon deployed thousands of troops and federal police to crush the cartels in their strongholds .
" We have to change the way we operate , " Reyes said .
" We 've started changing all our protocols to include bomb situations . "
City and federal authorities said the attack appeared to target only security forces .
" The threat was directed at the police departments , so it is not a threat against the population , " he added .
" But we have to be very careful with our police departments , their actions and how we protect them , and of course , how we protect the population from the fallout . "
A graffiti message appeared on a wall of a Ciudad Juarez shopping mall on Thursday night warning of more car bombs .
Ron Planet is the last astronaut on Earth and boy does his job suck .
When NASA finds something strange on the moon , Ron is literally the only man for the job .
The near - future has never been such a letdown !
Based on an animated feature screenplay by Craig Zobel and Matt Chapman ( Mike helped too ! ) .
Think of these as the Sunday Funnies storyboards for Ron Planet.
subscribe
NIH - Led Scientists Find Antibodies that Prevent Most HIV Strains from Infecting Human Cells
Discovery to Advance HIV Vaccine Design , Antibody Therapy for Other Diseases .
NIAID VRC
Scientists have discovered two potent human antibodies that can stop more than 90 percent of known global HIV strains from infecting human cells in the laboratory , and have demonstrated how one of these disease - fighting proteins accomplishes this feat .
According to the scientists , these antibodies could be used to design improved HIV vaccines , or could be further developed to prevent or treat HIV infection .
Moreover , the method used to find these antibodies could be applied to isolate therapeutic antibodies for other infectious diseases as well .
“ The discovery of these exceptionally broadly neutralizing antibodies to HIV and the structural analysis that explains how they work are exciting advances that will accelerate our efforts to find a preventive HIV vaccine for global use , ” says Anthony S. Fauci , M.D. , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases ( NIAID ) , National Institutes of Health .
“ In addition , the technique the teams used to find the new antibodies represents a novel strategy that could be applied to vaccine design for many other infectious diseases . ”
Led by a team from the NIAID Vaccine Research Center ( VRC ) , the scientists found two naturally occurring , powerful antibodies called VRC01 and VRC02 in an HIV - infected individual 's blood .
They found the antibodies using a novel molecular device they developed that homes in on the specific cells that make antibodies against HIV .
The device is an HIV protein that the scientists modified so it would react only with antibodies specific to the site where the virus binds to cells it infects .
The scientists found that VRC01 and VRC02 neutralize more HIV strains with greater overall strength than previously known antibodies to the virus .
The researchers also determined the atomic - level structure of VRC01 when it is attaching to HIV .
This has enabled the team to define how the antibody works and to precisely locate where it attaches to the virus .
With this knowledge , they have begun to design components of a candidate vaccine that could teach the human immune system to make antibodies similar to VRC01 that might prevent infection by the vast majority of HIV strains worldwide .
NIAID scientists Peter D. Kwong , Ph.D. , John R. Mascola , M.D. , and Gary J. Nabel , M.D. , Ph.D. , led the two research teams .
A pair of articles about these findings appears today in the online edition of Science .
" We have used our knowledge of the structure of a virus — in this case , the outer surface of HIV — to refine molecular tools that pinpoint the vulnerable spot on the virus and guide us to antibodies that attach to this spot , blocking the virus from infecting cells , " explains Dr. Nabel , the VRC director .
Finding individual antibodies that can neutralize HIV strains anywhere in the world has been difficult because the virus continuously changes its surface proteins to evade recognition by the immune system .
As a consequence of these changes , an enormous number of HIV variants exist worldwide .
Even so , scientists have identified a few areas on HIV 's surface that remain nearly constant across all variants .
One such area , located on the surface spikes used by HIV to attach to immune system cells and infect them , is called the CD4 binding site .
VRC01 and VRC02 block HIV infection by attaching to the CD4 binding site , preventing the virus from latching onto immune cells .
" The antibodies attach to a virtually unchanging part of the virus , and this explains why they can neutralize such an extraordinary range of HIV strains , " says Dr. Mascola , the deputy director of the VRC .
With these antibodies in hand , a team led by Dr. Kwong , chief of the structural biology section at the VRC , determined the atomic - level molecular structure of VRC01 when attached to the CD4 binding site .
They then examined this structure in light of natural antibody development to ascertain the steps that would be needed to elicit a VRC01 - like antibody through vaccination .
Antibody development begins with the mixing of genes into new combinations within the immune cells that make antibodies .
Examination of the structure of VRC01 attached to HIV suggested that , from a genetic standpoint , the immune system likely could produce VRC01 precursors readily .
The researchers also confirmed that VRC01 does not bind to human cells — a characteristic that might otherwise lead to its elimination during immune development , a natural mechanism the body employs to prevent autoimmune disease .
In the final stage of antibody development , antibody - producing B cells recognize specific parts of a pathogen and then mutate , or mature , so the antibody can bind to the pathogen more firmly .
VRC01 precursors do not bind tightly to HIV , but rather mature extensively into more powerfully neutralizing forms .
This extensive antibody maturation presents a challenge for vaccine design .
In their paper , Dr. Kwong and colleagues explore how this challenge might be addressed by designing vaccine components that could guide the immune system through this stepwise maturation process and facilitate the generation of a VRC01 - like antibody from its precursors .
The scientists currently are performing research to identify these components .
" The discoveries we have made may overcome the limitations that have long stymied antibody - based HIV vaccine design , " says Dr. Kwong .
The two research teams included NIAID scientists from the VRC , the Laboratory of Immunoregulation , and the Division of Clinical Research , all in Bethesda , Md. ; as well as researchers from Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston ; Columbia University in New York ; Harvard Medical School and Harvard School of Public Health in Boston ; The Rockefeller University in New York City ; and University of Washington in Seattle .
NIAID conducts and supports research — at NIH , throughout the United States , and worldwide — to study the causes of infectious and immune - mediated diseases , and to develop better means of preventing , diagnosing and treating these illnesses .
News releases , fact sheets and other NIAID - related materials are available on the NIAID Web site at http://www.niaid.nih.gov.
About the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) : NIH , the nation 's medical research agency , includes 27 Institutes and Centers and is a component of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services .
NIH is the primary federal agency conducting and supporting basic , clinical , and translational medical research , and is investigating the causes , treatments , and cures for both common and rare diseases .
For more information about NIH and its programs , visit www.nih.gov.
NIH … Turning Discovery Into Health®
Eyes are one of evolution 's marvels , described by Darwin as " an organ of extreme perfection . "
But whether the animal kingdom's kaleidoscope of eyes evolved from a common structure , or separately in dozens of forms , is a nagging evolutionary question .
Now a study of optical genes in jellyfish , which are descended from creatures that swam Earth 's ancient seas , long before vertebrates and invertebrates took their separate paths , suggests a common optical origin .
" Eyes have evolved in parallel many times , but they all go back to one prototype , " said University of Basel cell biologist Walter Gehring .
In a study published July 27 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , researchers led by Gehring describe genes isolated from Cladonema radiatum , a jellyfish with highly elaborate eyes .
The genes belong to a family called Pax .
In earlier research , Gehring found that a gene called Pax - 6 is a " master regulator " of optical development , controlling eye formation in creatures as simple as fruit flies and as complex as mice and men .
That suggested a common origin – but Pax - 6 could n't be found in jellyfish , leaving open the possibility that eyes evolved independently in higher animals .
In the jellyfish study , Gehring 's team found several other Pax genes .
When they transplanted the genes into fruit flies , the flies formed extra eyes .
It 's not Pax - 6 that appears universal , but rather the whole Pax family .
" We 're convinced that the eye evolved in one phylum , " said Gehring .
" All the higher animals have Pax - 6 .
The jellyfish have Pax - a or Pax - b . "
The next question is where Pax genes and their resulting structures came from .
According to Gehring , they could have arrived in jellyfish through symbiosis with dinoflagellates – a family of single - celled marine plankton , some with human - like eye structures inside their single cell .
Jellyfish absorbed dinoflagellates , speculates Gehring , after dinoflagellates absorbed Pax genes from red algae , which had absorbed light - sensitive cyanobacteria .
Gehring describes this as his " wild Russian doll hypothesis . "
His team is now searching jellyfish genomes for dinoflagellate genes .
" Evolution is very conservative .
It uses the things that function well , " said Gehring .
Images : 1 ) Eyes formed in fruit flies after the insertion of Pax genes from jellyfish ./ PNAS .
2 ) A Cladonema jellyfish ; arrow points to an eye structure ./ PNAS .
See Also :
Citation : " Flexibly deployed Pax genes in eye development at the early evolution of animals demonstrated by studies on a hydrozoan jellyfish . "
By Hiroshi Suga , Patrick Tschopp , Daria F. Graziussi , Michael Stierwald , Volker Schmid , Walter J. Gehring .
Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , Vol. 107 No. 29 , July 27 , 2010 .
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecological tipping points .
Restless stars
High precision study reveals surprising unrest in massive star clusters
Using the NASA / ESA Hubble Space Telescope , astronomers from the Max Planck Institute for Astronomy in Heidelberg and the University of Cologne have completed a high precision study of one of the most massive young star clusters in the Milky Way .
To this end , the scientific researchers compared two observations that were made ten years apart .
Their unexpected findings : the members of the cluster are in no stable state of balance and have not yet " settled down " .
( Astrophysical Journal , June 10 , 2010 )
Partial view of the giant nebula NGC 3603 with its central , 1 million year old compact starburst cluster .
False - colour image based on observations with the " Wide Field / Planetary Camera 2 " of the Hubble Space Telescope .
The dominant green colour signalizes light emitted as ionized hydrogen regains its missing electron .
The image shape is due to the detector placement camera .
© NASA / ESA / Wolfgang Brandner ( MPIA ) , Boyke Rochau ( MPIA ) und Andrea Stolte ( Universität zu Köln ) Partial view of the giant nebula NGC 3603 with its central , 1 million year old compact starburst cluster .
False - colour image based on observations with the " Wide Field / Planetary Camera 2 " of the Hubble Space Telescope .
The dominant green colour signalizes light emitted as ionized hydrogen regains its missing electron .
The image shape is due to the detector placement camera .
© NASA / ESA / Wolfgang Brandner ( MPIA ) , Boyke Rochau ( MPIA ) und Andrea Stolte ( Universität zu Köln )
Open stellar clusters such as the famous Pleiades will be held together forever : in the course of dozens of millions of years their different stars will disperse .
Very massive and compact clusters are different .
In the long term , this can lead to the development of massive aggregations of globular clusters , whose tightly - packed stars remain gravitationally bound to each other for billions of years .
With a mass of more than 10,000 suns packed into a volume with a diameter of a mere three light - years , the massive young star cluster in the giant nebula NGC 3603 is one of the most compact stellar clusters in the Milky Way .
For comparison , in our immediate cosmic neighbourhood , there is only one single star of the same volume as the Sun .
Could this massive open stellar cluster be a globular cluster in the making ?
In order to unravel this question , a team of astronomers led by Wolfgang Brandner from the Max Planck Institute for Astronomy , Heidelberg , MPIA , tracked the movement of hundreds of the cluster 's stars .
Such a study can reveal whether the stars were in the process of drifting apart , or about to settle down , i.e. to achieve a long - term , stable state of balance .
What is more , the measurements also serve to distinguish members of the star cluster from unrelated stars that , as viewed from Earth , just happen to fall along the same light of sight .
Measurements of this kind are difficult .
Imagine a star moving sideways at a rate of a few kilometres per second , viewed from a distance of 20,000 light - years - the actual distance of NGC 3603 from Earth - such a star 's position on the night sky would shift by no more than a few billionths of an angular degree per year , at the limit of the capability of today 's most precise observation methods and instruments .
By using two observations , made ten years apart with the same camera aboard the Hubble Space Telescope , and by performing an intricate analysis to account for all possible disturbances , Brandner and his team were able to reach the required accuracy .
All in all , the astronomers observed more than 800 stars .
About 50 of these were identified as foreground stars , which are unrelated to the cluster .
From the remaining sample of more than 700 - a quite varied selection in terms of different masses and surface temperatures - the astronomers were able to obtain sufficiently precise speed measurements for 234 cluster stars .
Boyke Rochau ( MPIA ) , the paper 's lead author , who performed the data analysis as part of his PhD work , explains : " Once our analysis was completed , we reached a precision of 27 millionths of an arc second per year .
Imagine you are in Bremen , observing an object that is located in Vienna .
Now the object moves sideways by the breadth of a human hair .
That 's a change in apparent position of about 27 millionths of an arc second . "
The results for the motion of these cluster stars were surprising .
According to widely accepted models , which reproduce what is actually observed in older globular clusters , the average stellar speed in a cluster like the one in NGC 3603 should depend on mass .
Stars with lower mass should move faster , and those with higher mass should move more slowly .
The stars for which precision measurements were possible represent a range of masses between 2 and 9 times that of the Sun .
Yet their average speed does not appear to vary with mass at all , with all of them moving at about the same average speed of 4.5 km /s .
Apparently this very massive star cluster has not yet settled down .
Instead , the stars ' velocities still reflect conditions from the time the cluster was formed , approximately one million years ago .
The intriguing question of whether or not the massive young cluster in NGC 3603 will become a globular cluster remains open .
Given the new results , it all depends on the speeds of the low - mass stars , which were too faint to allow for precise speed measurements with the Hubble Space Telescope .
Wolfgang Brandner says : " To find out whether or not our star cluster will disperse , we will need to wait for the next generation of telescopes , such as the James Webb Space Telescope or the European Extremely Large Telescope of the European Southern Observatory . "
This is a collection of practical tips for
students doing software - intensive projects
...
See Chapter 1 to learn how to contribute , collaborate , give feedback , or request for a printable PDF version of this book .
Visits since 27th June 08 :
The other day I received an Email from a Container Gardening Friend :
I HAVE A FAVOR TO ASK ...
Hi Kat ....
I need a small favor if it 's not too much trouble .
I 'm going away on vacation , and I need a friend to come over to water my plants while we are gone .
The plants are fairly easy to look after , mostly geraniums and begonias .
In this hot weather , they 'll probably only need water twice a day .
I 'll be gone about 21 days .
I 've attached a photo for your reference .
Thanks so much and I promise to send you a post card !
Sincerely ... Sue
scroll down l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l V PS : THE LADDER IS IN THE GARAGE !
Bypassing congressional confirmation process
Obama makes recess appointment of new chief of Medicare and Medicaid
By Kate Randall
14 July 2010
President Obama utilized the Fourth of July congressional recess to appoint Dr. Donald Berwick as the head of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ( MMS ) , bypassing the Senate confirmation process and provoking sharp criticism from the congressional Republican right and right - wing media outlets .
Nominated in April , Berwick fills a position that has been vacant since 2006 .
The administration sees his role as key in implementing the cost- cutting features of the health care reform Obama signed into law in March .
As chief of MMS , Berwick will preside over the agency that finances the health care services of 100 million Americans .
He will be tasked with implementing some $ 500 billion in cuts to the Medicare program for the elderly and disabled over a ten - year period .
The administration has portrayed Berwick as a champion of “ patient - centered care ” and an advocate of a “ common - sense approach ” to health care .
In fact , Berwick is a proponent of the reactionary research and findings of the Dartmouth Atlas of Health Care study , which contends that many of the procedures and treatments provided by US hospitals are unnecessary , and that major cuts to health care services can be carried out without lowering health care standards .
( See “ Obama nominates cost - cutting advocate as Medicare and Medicaid chief ” ) .
As the president and CEO of the Institute for Healthcare Improvement ( IHI ) , a non-profit organization based in Cambridge , Mass. , Berwick has worked for the reform of the health care industry through lowering costs and reducing waste .
In his book Escape Fire : Designs for the Future of Health Care , he criticizes “ the dangerous , toxic and expensive assumption that more is better . ”
Berwick openly advocates rationing of health care services , stating in an interview in Biotechnology Healthcare last year , “ The decision is not whether or not we will ration care — the decision is whether we will ration with our eyes open . ”
In line with the arguments of the Dartmouth Atlas research , Berwick argues that as much as half of all health spending could be cut without detrimentally affecting patient care .
In a 2005 interview in the journal Health Affairs he said , “ I have said it before , and I ’ll stand behind it , that the waste level in American medicine approaches 50 percent . ”
The New York Times noted June 21 that Berwick has specifically targeted advanced medical treatments , as well as end - of - life care for the elderly .
They quote him as an advocate of the reduction of “ the total supply of high - technology medical and surgical care ” and “ the use of unwanted and ineffective medical procedures at the end of life . ”
At the 1993 annual conference of the IHI he urged health care providers to “ reduce the use of unwanted and ineffective medical procedures at the end of life , ” saying , “ Using unwanted procedures in terminal illness is a form of assault .
In economic terms , it ’s a waste . ”
Appearing on last Sunday ’s television talk shows , Obama adviser David Axelrod said the president ’s recess appointment of Berwick sought to avoid a “ political circus ” as the November elections approach , arguing that the appointment of the MMS head was simply “ too important ” to wait for a congressional hearing ..
In reality , the administration ’s move was aimed at bypassing a contentious confirmation process , in which Berwick would have undoubtedly faced grilling from Senate Republicans on Obama ’s health care overhaul , as well as favorable statements the appointee has made about Britain ’s National Health Service ( NHS ) .
Obama ’s decision to utilize the recess appointment was both unusual and anti-democratic , as such appointments are usually reserved for those cases where a nominee faces a Senate filibuster or other procedural stalling , after having testified before Congress .
Berwick , however , has never appeared before a congressional hearing .
The administration was clearly seeking to avoid this process .
Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus , Democrat of Montana , reportedly turned down a Republican request to hold a hearing on the nomination last month .
Baucus subsequently issued a mild rebuke of Obama , commenting , “ Senate confirmation of presidential appointees is an essential process prescribed by the Constitution that serves as a check on executive power . ”
Congressional Republicans have cynically targeted Obama ’s health care plan , seizing on the very real rationing and cost - cutting measures in the legislation to oppose any measures that they claim could pose a potential threat to the for - profit health care industry , or threaten any redistribution of wealth .
In particular , they have criticized statements Berwick has made on Britain ’s health care system .
In speeches and articles celebrating the 60th anniversary of the NHS , he said he was “ in love with the NHS , ” adding , “ The NHS is not just a national treasure , it is a global treasure . ”
Berwick wrote that in Britain it was recognized that “ sick people tend to be poorer and that poor people tend to be sicker , and that any health care funding plan that is just must redistribute wealth . ”
Of particular concern to Republicans , Berwick urged the British , “ Please do n’t put your faith in market forces . ”
He wrote that in the US “ competition is a major reason for our duplicative , supply - driven , fragmented care system . ”
Berwick did , however , point to another attraction of the British system .
A key virtue of the NHS , he said , was “ you cap your health care budget , ” making clear that he would like the US to draw on the British experience in health care rationing .
Such statements , however , have not stopped the right - wing media from demonizing Berwick as a socialist .
In a July 12 article , the Wall Street Journal wrote of the health care overhaul — legislation aimed at slashing billions from Medicare and reducing service and treatments for millions of ordinary Americans —
“ ObamaCare , in short , is almost certainly the largest wealth transfer in American history . ”
They argue that Obama ’s recess appoint of Berwick was aimed at concealing this .
Reactionary Fox News commentator Glenn Beck described Donald Berwick as the second most dangerous man in America , “ He ’s a global redistribution of wealth socialist guy , ” he said .
The author also recommends :
Dr. Richard Cooper , critic of Dartmouth health study , speaks to the WSWS
[ 21 June 2010 ]
Fraudulent study used to sell Obama health plan
[ 4 June 2010 ]
Maybe Democrats on Capitol
Hill are less concerned about being big spenders after the special election in PA - 12 , or more likely , they just know that they need to spend it now rather than later in the campaign season .
Either way , leadership in both chambers have decided to press forward with a wide - ranging bill that will cost almost $ 200 billion , and that wo n’t pass the Pay - Go test , either :
Faced with a Memorial Day deadline , Democrats opted Thursday morning to move ahead with a complex tax and spending package that includes new infrastructure and state aid dollars as well as extended benefits to help sustain the long - term unemployed through November ’s elections .
The joint decision by House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Sander Levin ( D - Mich . ) and Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus ( D - Mont. ) is a gamble , given the continued political uncertainty in the Senate .
But with time running out , the leadership had little choice if it hopes to enact the measure before June cutoff dates for a series of stopgap provisions affecting the jobless and elderly .
Preliminary estimates are that the full multiyear cost is near $ 190 billion , and to reduce the deficit impact , tax writers have agreed to a series of revenue offsets worth close to $ 50 billion including a major increase in fees charges the oil industry to cover the cost of spills like the BP disaster in the Gulf .
Does this sound familiar ?
Emphasis mine :
In their desire to show movement , Democrats appear to have jumped ahead of a final budget scoring on some crucial provisions .
And the oil industry risks being the last target standing , if tax writers come up short of the revenues needed to meet their target .
Heck , who needs budget scoring ?
It ’s not as if this Congress has guessed wrong on overall costs before now .
And it ’s not as if anyone needs to read a bill to find out what ’s in it , either .
How do Democrats plan to pay for this new $ 190 billion set of boondoggles ?
They ’re going to get $ 14 billion from “ closing loopholes ” in the Foreign Tax Credit , which will make American corporations less competitive abroad , plus the $ 50 billion from the oil industry that will hike energy costs to the consumer .
That amounts to less than $ 65 billion , or about a third of the proposed spending .
That should invoke the Pay - Go restriction on the legislation , a rule passed by the same Democrats who will instead act to bypass it .
Perhaps it should be renamed Spend - Go , or Charge - It , since the money will have to come from even more expansion of American debt .
That ’s the real reason why Democrats have “ jumped ahead ” of CBO scoring — they do n’t want to face it .
The Way of Kings [
The worst thing that can be said about US ] [ UK ] is that it is Brandon Sanderson at his finest , but reviewing the book has been a difficult task because it is , essentially , an introduction on an epic scale .
It is like that first booming , silence - shattering crack that heralds an avalanche .
It is a starting point , a beginning , and like all beginnings it needs direction before it can be properly evaluated .
I struggled with this review because of all the expectations and hype surrounding not just the book , but the series itself .
Case in point , the blurb on the back :
" What Robert Jordan 's The Wheel of Time has been to the fantasy genre for the last two decades , The Stormlight Archive will be to the next , and The Way of Kings is where it all begins . "
For any Wheel of Time fan , the gravitas of the above statement is tantamount to a challenge .
Read me , it proclaims , and tell me if I am worthy .
And so far , the truth is that for all its potential for development and its sheer epicness , the Way of Kings simply is n't enough to answer the challenge , yet , but it is indeed a noteworthy beginning .
The novel is blessed with the trademark excitement and adrenaline filled action emblematic of Brandon ’s style .
Moreover , readers will notice a darker slant and harder edge to Brandon 's writing when compared against his previous work – a welcome shift in my opinion .
In addition to these relative improvements in tone and temperament readers will also notice that Brandon has gone above and beyond in providing backstory and creating a world that will surely be one of the most richly populated in the history of the Fantasy genre .
Case in point ,
The Way of Kings weighs in at over 1000 pages and comes complete with annotated illustrations and assorted other bonus features which serve to flesh out the world of Roshar , and it is a hell of a ride .
The novel is epic , ambitiously so .
What starts out as tightly focused flash and bash fantasy Mistborn quickly matures into something much more robust .
Three characters , each comprising their own separate plot line , are the driving force behind the book .
As familiar archetypes , they are best described as the Scholar , the Warrior and the Leader .
The Leader , with all his tragic heroism , nobility and promise - keeping will strongly remind readers of GRRM 's late Lord Stark .
He is the personification of duty and moral vigor .
He is also , interestingly enough , insane .
The central dilemma of his character is twofold .
He must strike a balance between his duty to his king and what he knows to be right .
Plagued by terrible visions of the past , the Leader must decide whether his hallucinations are gift or curse , and whether or not acting on them will doom not only him and his family , but the king and kingdom to which he owes his fealty .
The Warrior , a slave fighting for survival , will smack strongly of Terry Goodkind 's Richard Rahl while prisoner of Jangang 's war camp .
Betrayed by his ideals and his leader , the Warrior will struggle to make sense of a life in which he has lost too much .
Followed by a magical helper that only he can see , the Warrior must learn to master his newfound abilities or watch himself and his companions and fellow slaves march towards their deaths .
By far the most appealing of the Stormlight Archive 's characters to date , readers will revel in the vicissitudes of life as a slave and the ensuing quest to once again be something more .
The Scholar , a character present in all of Brandon 's work , is her own creation and delightfully so .
Her mission is to save her family after the death of her father , and to do so she must apprentice herself to a brilliant heretic sorceress .
An artist as well as a scholar , the student must become the teacher if she is to survive the politics of court and the dangers of her emerging gift .
The Scholar 's point of view is one steeped in philosophy and thought and will assuredly please readers looking for more from their fantasy than the clang of steel on steel .
All three main characters , unknown to each other though they are , are united by loss .
They all share a past in which someone they held dear has died , be it father , brother or wife .
The silent bond of loss , on an abstract level , provides for some much needed thematic continuity between the different story lines , which are otherwise only loosely related .
Interestingly , Brandon has spoken a number of times about how The Stormlight Archive will be concerned with the ascendency or rebirth of magic in a world that has grown mostly ignorant of it .
While this is true , The Way of Kings is more concerned with instilling in readers the knowledge base necessary to appreciate that development .
As such , the first point I want to make is that many readers familiar with Brandon ’s work will see the magic system of the Stormlight Archive as a combination of those from his Mistborn trilogy and Warbreaker duology .
Think glowing heroes with enhanced strength and the ability to push / pull and , instead of being limited by the amount of metals in ones stomach , magic users are limited by the amount of stormlight trapped in gems / currency .
Besides the obvious mechanical similarities , Brandon has left an enormous amount of room for the magic system to grow , both in terms of its own inherent logic but also in terms of some heavy foreshadowing and lore strategically placed throughout the novel .
In fact , this is true of pretty much every aspect of the book – the potential for development is astounding .
Any discussion of the magic system of the Stormlight Archive would not be complete without at least passing mention of the total and utter awesomeness of the Shardblade .
An incredibly rare relic of the age of magic , a Shardblade is a sword that can be called from nothingness ( takes 10 heartbeats to summon ) and forms in your hands as if from mist .
Get this , they can cut through anything as if it were air .
The only exception is when they cut people .
Get you arm cut , and it withers instantly .
Get cut somewhere more necessary and your eyes turn smoky black and your done for .
Given their rarity and devastating effectiveness in battle , Shardblades play a significant role in the Way of Kings , and I imagine that they will play an even greater role in the series as a whole .
An obvious question for Brandon if he should stumble by : what are the blades Shards of ?
Anyway , the cooler brother of the Shardblade is Shardplate .
It glows , its studded with gems , it can take a hell of a beating , and last but not least , it gives you the strength to squat thrust mountains if you feel like it .
Lastly a brief discussion of this new world Brandon is introducing us to in the Way of Kings .
In a geopolitical sense , the world of Roshar is a patchwork of diverse nations with radically different cultures and customs .
For example , the country from which the protagonists hail is a tightly hierarchical society dominated by a nobility with blue eyes .
A complicated and somewhat murky system of rank and privilege governs but the system is still obviously feudal at its origin .
In that same nation men are trained to war while women specialize in the arts .
The ' specialization ' is a bit extreme to the point where , for example , men do n't know how to write .
The same national quirkiness is true of other peoples of which we see little but learn relatively a lot about .
The Way of Kings has given the Stormlight Archive an amazing start .
In it , Brandon has admirably demonstrated his ability to grow as a writer , to learn from his previous projects , and to capitalize on his already significant strengths .
That said , tWoK is n’t yet the world - shattering , mind - blowing , paradigm shifting contribution to the fantasy field that it is sometimes advertised to be .
It is epic , yes , and it is awesome but it does n't merit the acronym just yet .
It has boundless potential and all the right ingredients to achieve incredible success , which it undoubtedly will , and given the relatively small glimpse of Roshar permitted to us so far readers cannot but help be entranced by the prospect of further installments to the Stormlight Archive .
The only regret you 'll have after putting down the Way of Kings is that the rest of the series is n't written yet .
Reflecting this post by Atrios , Republicans have always been vigorously preoccupied with the notion that poor people -- as well as unemployed people in the aftermath of a deep recession -- are somehow spoiled and overly pampered .
Meanwhile , they do n't mind spoon - feeding billions of free dollars to the world 's largest corporations .
I was asked recently :
When do you think we should cut off unemployment benefits ?
Obviously , this is a red herring .
First of all , Republicans already have .
Secondly , is there some form of national crisis demanding the cessation of unemployment benefits ?
Certainly not .
Unemployment benefits are n't bankrupting us , and they 're certainly not creating a class of citizens who are getting rich off the payments .
If you 've ever tried to live off unemployment checks , you know the deal .
In fact , there 's an actual crisis -- high unemployment and a precarious recovery -- demanding that we continue extending the benefits until the crisis abates .
Unemployment benefits will eventually expire when unemployment descends to a reasonable level .
Nevertheless , the Republicans , for all of their own unemployed constituents , are trying to hurry along the expiration date before the crisis is over .
Hmm .
It 's almost as if they want to fuel the crisis so this president will be tarnished with the blame .
And they 're using unemployed Americans as pawns to do so .
Injury , or as Krugman writes : " punishment , " heaped on top of " spoiled " insult .
Adding ...
It 's worth mentioning that , while examining at the jobless numbers , the Republicans are seriously blaming the jobless people ( in part ) , and not the formerly recessionary economy and delicate recovery .
It looks like the PlayStation 3 version of Netflix has a new feature that I ’ve always considered missing on all versions of Netflix on any console – the search option .
On the PS3 , Xbox 360 , and Nintendo Wii , you could not search for a specific movie title from the Netflix application .
You had to do your movie searches on the Netflix website and then add to instant queue so it would show up in the app .
Not any longer , or at least not anymore for the PlayStation 3 version .
You see , the PS3 version has been updated to include searches from within the app .
You still have to use the Netflix disc to play movies , but now , it has the 1 function none of the other console versions have – search .
[ via Joystiq ]
Your skin tone and the amount of sunshine you receive -- in addition to what foods you eat -- all can influence the amount of vitamin D that your body has on hand for optimum health .
In a preliminary and apparently first - of - its - kind study , Agricultural Research Service ( ARS ) research physiologist Charles B. Stephensen and colleagues have developed a preliminary model that predicts an individual 's vitamin D requirements .
Stephensen is based at the ARS Western Human Nutrition Research Center at the University of California - Davis .
Scientists have known since the early 20th century that our bodies are stimulated to make vitamin D when ultraviolet rays from the sun reach our skin .
But the amount of direct sunlight that a person receives is affected not only by the amount of time spent in the sun , but also by latitude , season , skin pigmentation , and even the amount of protective clothing that one wears .
Some vitamin D comes from food , including salmon and some other fish ; milk and breakfast cereals fortified with this essential nutrient , and nutritional supplements such as multivitamin tablets .
The current recommended daily allowance of vitamin D for U.S. adults who are less than 50 years of age is 200 international units .
To develop the preliminary model , Stephensen and co-investigators worked with 72 young adult volunteers who provided intermittent records of what they ate and , for 7 - to 8 - week stints , wore photosensitive badges from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. so scientists could determine their level of sun exposure .
Data from the volunteers -- either African - American or of European ancestry -- who had relatively low amounts of sun exposure suggest that they may need additional vitamin D to reach a target blood level of 75 nanomoles of vitamin D per liter of plasma .
Stephensen cautions , however , that some vitamin D levels indicated by the model exceed the level currently considered safe .
More research , with a larger number of volunteers , may refine the predictive power of the model , he reports .
The research was published earlier this year in the Journal of Nutrition .
A world without mosquitoes ?
Nature posits that wiping out the Minnesota state bird might not have horrible consequences for our fragile ecosystem as most biologists would maintain .
… in many cases , scientists acknowledge that the ecological scar left by a missing mosquito would heal quickly as the niche was filled by other organisms .
Life would continue as before — or even better .
When it comes to the major disease vectors , “ it ’s difficult to see what the downside would be to removal , except for collateral damage ” , says insect ecologist Steven Juliano , of Illinois State University in Normal .
A world without mosquitoes would be “ more secure for us ” , says medical entomologist Carlos Brisola Marcondes from the Federal University of Santa Catarina in Brazil .
News
Cut talked with PZ Myers , a biologist at the University of Minnesota , Morris and proprietor of the science blog Pharyngula , about the Nature article .
Myers :
It was a bizarre article because , for one thing , we simply cannot do this .
We do not have the capability to eradicate entire species of insects , intentionally at least .
And then , mosquitoes have tremendous impact all across the ecological spectrum .
Wiping them out would have all kinds of unintended consequences .
@NewsCut : So in what ways are mosquitoes helpful ?
Myers : Fishing for one , which I guess is kind of important in Minnesota , right ?
This is what fish live on , is aquatic insect larvae for the most part .
We ’d like to keep that going .
They transfer materials from terrestrial species to aquatic forms , so they ’re essentially shuttling protein , chemical compounds , etc. , across the ecosystem .
In the most unpleasant way possible of course .
But it ’s still a valuable function .
In the arctic , caribou are being bled by clouds of mosquitoes sucking up 300 ml of blood from each animal every single day .
Which is impressive .
The caribou are are suffering but they ’re also taking their blood and transferring it to these insects and spreading it around to the ecosystem .
@NewsCut :
If we were able to make mosquitoes go away , what happens ?
Myers :
We do n’t know what the consequences would be .
One possibility is that other species would step in and fill the same role .
And maybe these species would be better for us because they would n’t be transferring diseases like malaria .
On the other hand we do n’t know what species it would be , so it could be something genuinely awful .
In Minnesota we have something called no - see -ems .
What if they or biting black flies stepped in ?
@NewsCut :
So what can we do , short of wiping out mosquitoes ?
Myers :
There ’s been some interesting work in producing mosquitoes that do n’t carry the malaria parasite , and intentionally going out at replacing disease - spreading mosquitoes with this modified variant that does n’t carry malaria .
That sounds a lot more productive to me .
@NewsCut : How much tampering can a species like this tolerate before we get unintended consequences ?
Myers :
What this may mean is you get mosquitoes that do n’t do n’t spread malaria but you get healthier mosquitoes that do more biting .
There ’s nothing we can do that would n’t have unintended consequences .
Biology is a tangled snarl .
Everything you do affects everything else .
@NewsCut :
As a biologist , when you get attacked by a cloud of mosquitoes , do you think about them differently than the rest of us ?
Myers : No. I hate them .
They ’re a real pain in the butt .
Services Kit is Going Well
After a hard beginning due to some academic schedule conflicts , I have been looking on a proper implementation of the Services Kit among the others kits .
Thanks to my mentor ( Stephan Aßmus ) and his useful remarks , I 've designed what the base classes of the Kit will looks like .
Several things are taken into account while designing such classes : the ease of use from the developer point of view , efficiency of the code , strength of the binary interface , ... I 'm more used to take benefits from an API rather than designing it , this Summer of Code is therefore very instructive for me , and I hope it will be useful for further network development !
Let 's take a quick eye on what Services Kit looks like currently ( click to view in a new window ) :
This diagram contains the classes currently made , which are roughly what the network part of Services Kit will look like ( excluding further BUrlProtocol child classes ) .
URL ?
The URL acronym stands for Uniform Resource Locator , that is to say it describes where one can find an object , and how to access it .
The BUrl class is here to represents such a URL , the developer can modify each field either directly with the SetXXX members or by parsing a URL string .
Did I said URL string ?
The URL string is aimed to give all the necessary informations about a specific object .
Almost all of us are used to handle these strings , via their web browsers for example .
According to RFC 3986 , the URL format is as follows :
foo://example.com:8042/over/there?name=ferret#nose \_/ \______________/\_________/
\_________/ \__/ | | | | | scheme authority path query fragment
Cookies ?
Yum yum !
B Url can parse such an URL string , and explode it into the differents corresponding fields in order to make an URL usable programatically .
Most of us have already heard about those delicious spies which let a website to track us and save our session ID , theme preference , and so on .
And no , they can't convey viruses :-} .
In my original project proposal , cookies management was an optional part , but it quickly appears obvious that if I went to develop an HTTP client through the BUrlHttpProtocol class , cookie management would n't be an option , even if cookies are often not used in most web services implementation .
The cookies in Services Kit are represented by the BNetworkCookie class , which ( again ) let the developer to either parse a cookie string received from a server and fill the corresponding fields , or fill manually these fields , as described in RFC 2965 .
BNetworkCookie is also able to determine if a cookie has to be deleted based on the " Expires " and " Max - Age " fields which tracks the time to live of a cookie .
BNetworkCookies are stored in a BNetworkCookieJar , himself stored in a BUrlContext .
The cookie jar keeps track of every received cookie during a session and can be saved and later restored when needed , this allow , for example , to send authentification data on a bulletin board , save received cookies , and then access threads like if we were manually authenticated .
This allow an application to act transparently like if it was a web browser .
The context
The BUrlContext class is a container keeping track of the environment resulting of the request made .
Currently , it contains only a cookie jar , but it will eventually also contain a cache to allow faster requests over the Internet ( principally for the HTTP protocol which greatly takes advantache of caching methods ) .
The context is globally the environment in which requests evolves , a single application can have multiple contexts and multiple applications can share a single context .
The most important
The most important part of the network part of Services Kit is certainly the BUrlRequest class , in fact it will be the most used public class for those who want to perform an URL request .
The request initialize itself with an URL and identify either if it can handle the URL scheme via the protocol roster or if it can't perform the request .
The BUrlRequest class then launch a BUrlProtocol derived class which contain all the necessary logic to handle a request ( over the network or not ) .
Currently , the only protocol available is HTTP , which will handle 90 % of requests since most web services are built over HTTP in order to ease client development .
The developer do n't get access to most of the BUrlProtocol child classes directly , he rather call the public SetOption member to define some protocol related parameters and tweak the url protocol internals .
Synchonous and asynchronous events
The developer can , at contruction time , specify a listener for events emitted during the request processing .
The listener members will be called at specific instants , such as " connection opened " , " data received " , " request end " , ... which allow a synchronous notification between the url protocol and the rest of the application .
An oberver is also available in order to have a asynchronous way to handle these notification .
To react to these events , the developer will only have to derive a class from BUrlProtocolListener and make his own mixture .
A result , finally !
When a request is fulfilled , the developer has a direct access to the request results via the BUrlResult class .
This class contains the raw data received , and other informations when applicable ( e.g : HTTP headers , ... ) .
An app can therefore build his logic over the data received : this will also be the role of the Service Kit 's data layer which will let the developer to extract informations in an XML tree or a JSON response for example .
The next steps
My further development concerning the Services Kit will be focused on the enhancement of the existing code , and on the data layer of the kit .
By enhancement I mean the optimization of existing classes which will require a lot of efficiency in order to be widely used ( e.g : the BNetworkCookieJar class which is currently using a BList of pointer to BNetworkCookie , a relatively slow method when looking for cookies corresponding to a specific URL across a thousand cookies ) .
Additionally , some features are not yet implemented , such as the protocol roster and the add - on interface , and are also on my todo list for the second part of the Summer of Code .
The API interface is likely to change during further development , and many things are to be moved or modified , I 'm also open to every remarks or questions ! ;-)
" Triple - A game creation is a poor goal for developers working today , " said BioWare co-founder Greg Zeschuk at a Gamasutra - attended talk during the UK's Develop conference in Brighton today .
" While blockbuster game creation is everything that most game developers working today growing up wanted to do , it 's precisely the wrong thing to chase in gaming 's contemporary landscape . "
Risk - taking from publishers and investors has dramatically declined in recent times , the Mass Effect and Dragon Age studio - runner noted : " As a result , innovation and creativity [ are ] being squeezed .
Where the bottom of the market had dropped out at one point , now it 's the middle of the market has dropped out .
Unless you can be in the top ten releases at one given time , it 's unlikely that a triple - A game is going to make money . "
Zeschuk was at Develop to give a keynote on the importance of defining a studio's culture when making games .
" Think of company structure and culture like a game designer , " he encouraged .
" Start by identifying what you want to be and the steps you need to take in order to get there , just like you would when designing a video game from the ground up . "
" Simply saying that you want to make a triple A game is no longer a viable goal , " he continued .
" Rather , you must make clear , defined and measurable goals , and build a studio culture that allows those goals to be realized .
Your structures and processes must always be consistent with your cultural goals . "
He described how the RPG developer has been through a series of company iterations over the course of its existence .
Nevertheless , throughout these changes , the company has maintained a consistent set of characteristics , a set of values and goals that a game designer might typically hold to when developing and growing a series .
For BioWare , these defining characteristics are expressed in the mantra : " Quality in workplace , quality in products and entrepreneurship all in a context of humility and integrity . "
According to Zeschuk , quality in the workplace , providing work life balance for employees , and creating the sort of culture that people want to get up for each morning creates hard workers .
Likewise , quality in products involves striving to make each game better than the last , a value that Zeschuk feels is exemplified in the transition from Mass Effect to Mass Effect 2 .
For BioWare , entrepreneurship means achieving and exceeding studio metric targets , achieving financial success and profitability , creativity and productivity .
Zeschuk was eager to encourage developers foster an environment for entrepreneurship as this is the key way to attract investors .
Finally , Zeschuk gently encouraged developers to consider BioWare 's own value of humility and integrity -- you are only as good as your next game , he reminded , and a studio attitude of humility allows a team to take feedback from critics and fans without growing indignant .
Hearing feedback is key to improving a studio's output
Zeschuk was keen to emphasize that , as in game design , there is no best culture for any developer to subscribe to : " It 's all about fit , " he explained .
" Good game developers are very mobile , and the smartest candidates will check for the culture of a new place before joining to see if it fits them well .
The key is always in finding the right employees to fit the right culture .
Happy and engaged employees make better games .
If the team is happy they do better work , so the focus should always be in marrying culture with disposition .
And culture is paramount : it informs and guides the operation of your group . "
I really wish I could boast that the hit Fringe Festival show I ’m directing was powered by Linux , but I can ’t .
I can , however , let you know that there ’s definitely a growth opportunity in the theatre for open - source software .
Working in the comedy racket I ’m used to fairly low - tech lighting — usually a person in a booth manually bringing lights up and down via simple faders .
But the lighting board we ’re using at our Fringe venue is actually controlled by computer — specifically a Windows app called Horizon .
Horizon has apparently been discontinued , and with good reason — it looks nasty .
Its functions are simple enough — the individual lights in our theatre are all controlled by Horizon .
They ’ve presumably been mapped out and grouped for specific looks — backstage splash , upstage and downstage wash , etc .
The individual lighting cues for our show were entered manually by our technician .
I watched her do it , and it seemed simple enough ; she simply called up a light or group of lights and entered a duration for the cue — that is , how fast it was supposed to come up or down .
Because this legacy software is running on a similarly ancient PC I immediately wondered if there was a Linux alternative .
A quick Google search when I got home revealed that there was : it ’s called Q Light Controller .
I ca n’t talk about QLC with any kind of authority ; all I can say is that it appears to be fully compatible with industry - standard DMX lighting systems .
And standards are always good .
Perhaps more importantly , I asked our theatre tech if she ’d ever heard of QLC .
She had , an added that it ’s getting fairly popular in the circles she travels in .
Though my troupe does n’t yet have the clout to demand it in our rider , I ’ll let you know when we play a QLC - powered theatre …
While we wo n't be able to play until the servers go live , our copy of the StarCraft 2 Collector 's Edition has arrived .
This version of the game will cost $ 100 , which is $ 40 more than the standard game .
It comes packed with a ton of extras , both real and virtual .
We 're going to give you a look at what comes in the box to let you know if we think it 's worth the extra cost .
The box itself is heavy cardboard , and the picture we snapped shows how it looks when partially opened : the metal - looking " teeth " come apart to show you what 's inside .
The presentation is wonderful , although it can be somewhat tricky to put back together .
We did n't take a picture of the game case , extra DVD , or soundtrack CD simply because they look exactly how you 'd expect them to look like .
Also , the track listing on the CD has what could be considered spoilers .
The bonus DVD comes with a feature about the in - game cinematics , and includes designer interviews , artist interviews , and a StarCraft retrospective .
It also has over 13 minutes of cut -scenes and 32 minutes of in - game " story mode " scenes .
The disc warns you very strongly that you 're going to see spoilers if you watch the content , so play the single - player game first .
There is some interesting stuff here if you 're not familiar with the history of the first game , and many of the tidbits will be fascinating for fans .
For instance , did you know the first build of StarCraft was so badly received at the 1996 E3 that the game stations were all switched to Diablo ?
Let 's take a look at what else comes in the package .
The art book is a 176 - page hardcover with a glossy dust jacket , filled with beautiful art from the game 's development .
Outside of the foreword by Samwise Didier , Blizzard 's Senior Art Director , there is no text .
The pages are heavy , glossy , and look great to page through , making this a treat for fans .
An example of the artwork found in the book .
Someone in comments asked for some idea of the size of the art book .
This is the back cover of the book without the dust jacket , next to the DVD case containing the game .
You 're given four guest passes .
Two will give your friends seven hours worth of in - game play in StarCraft 2 , and two give 10 days of free play for World of WarCraft .
Raynor 's dog tag is n't plastic ; this thing is big and heavy .
It also comes loaded with a copy of both StarCraft and Brood Wars for the PC and Mac .
Plug it into your system and both the face and the blue tab on top glow .
Blizzard could have cheaped out here , but this is a pretty cool collectible .
If you do n't care about the game , this can also work as a standard 2GB USB stick .
Issue 0 of the StarCraft comic book featuring the War Pigs , elite Marines that will be playable in StarCraft 2 .
This is n't all you get in the package : there will be exclusive downloadable Battle .
net content such as avatar portraits and an exclusive version of the in - game " Thor " unit .
If you 're a World of WarCraft player , you get a baby Thor as a pet , so you can explore Azeroth with a cute StarCraft 2 unit at your side .
This pet can be used by every character on a single WoW account .
So is it worth it ?
You 're going to have to filter the following statement through the fact that I 'm a huge StarCraft fan , but going through the videos , reading the comic book , paging through the art book , and now listening to the music CD has been a wonderful way to spend the afternoon .
I lost the discs and key to my original copy of StarCraft a very long time ago , so I 'm looking forward to revisiting that game through the included copy .
Nothing in this collection is cheap , but it certainly does n't feel like a money grab .
This is interesting stuff that gives you a better understanding of the game , the world Blizzard has created , and what went on behind the scenes .
Assuming you were interested in the game at $ 60 — although I 've already seen it on sale for as low as $ 45 — you definitely get an extra $ 40 worth of value out of this package .
Verdict : Worth the upgrade
Here 's some remarkable news : a judge in a New Orleans - based 5th Circuit Appeals Court has ruled that the Digital Millennium Copyright
Act 's ban on breaking DRM only applies if you break DRM in order to violate copyright law .
This is a complete reversal of earlier rulings across the country ( and completely opposite to the approach that the US Trade Representative has demanded from America 's trading partners ) .
In the traditional view , DRM is absolutely protected , so that no one is allowed to break it except the DRM maker .
In other words , a film - maker is n't allowed to take the BluRay DRM off her own movie , a video game programmer can't take the iPad DRM off her own game , and an audiobook author can't take the DRM off his own Audible book .
So this ruling is pretty interesting news , as it constitutes a circuit split with pretty much the rest of the nation 's courts , which is often a precursor to a Supreme Court challenge .
What 's more , the defendants here are General Electric , not hackers in black t- shirts or sketchy offshore Xbox - modchip vendors ( theoretically the law should n't care if the defendant is a hobo or a billionaire , but in practice , billionaires usually get better precedents , and not just because they can afford better lawyers ) .
It 's up to the plaintiff , MGE , to appeal to the Supremes , but even if they do n't , it 's only a matter of time until there are new cases in the Fifth Circuit ( or other circuits that follow its lead ) that lead to highest court handing down some new law on this .
Let 's hope they see the sense of Judge Garza : " Merely bypassing a technological protection that restricts a user from viewing or using a work is insufficient to trigger the ( Digital Millennium Copyright Act's ) anti-circumvention provision . "
Court Backs Dismissal of Digital Copyright Claim
( via /. )
A third party analytics firm is reporting that Apple 's iOS 4 is now powering half of all iPhones , just one month after its release .
Chitika Research compiles its statistics by looking at 9 million ad impressions it has served to iPhone users running apps that incorporate its banners .
The data does't include users who do n't install apps with Chitika 's ads , so may present a slight bias toward users who actively install apps , and therefore users who are more likely to install software updates .
Of the 50 percent running iOS 4 , 10 percent have upgraded to 4.0.1 , which Apple released July 15 , just a week ago .
Of the other half of iPhone users running an earlier version of iOS , nearly 60 % are running the latest 3.1.3 version predating iOS 4 ( 29.9 percent of all iPhone users ) .
About 20 percent of all iPhone users have not updated their devices since at least last October , according to Chitka 's data .
One percent are still using 2.0 .
No users still using 1.0 would be running apps , and therefore would be invisible in Chitika 's analytics .
Apple makes it relatively easy to upgrade to the latest version of iOS through iTunes , and all iPhone users are able to update , for free , to the latest version except for first generation iPhone users , which are stuck with iOS 3.1.3 .
Android lags behind in updates
In contrast , Google reports that 55.5 percent of Android users are still using Android 2.1 , which was officially released back in January , although it rolled out to users very slowly .
Only 3.3 percent of Android users have the latest Android OS 2.2 Froyo , which was officially announced in May .
However , Android users are n't just failing to upgrade ; Google and its hardware and carrier partners have not made 2.2 available on any new handsets apart from Google 's own Nexus One , which is not even available for sale anymore .
Most modern Android phones can't officially be upgraded to the latest 2.2 yet either , due to problems being worked out between the vendors and mobile carriers , which hold up upgrade releases until they 've added to or otherwise tweaked the standard distribution to fit their needs .
Another 41 percent of Android users are stuck with Android OS 1.5 or 1.6 , but unlike iPhone users who have n't upgraded , in most cases those users wo n't ever be able to upgrade to the latest version of the Android OS , simply because neither Google nor the carriers nor handset makers see any need to create a custom version of the latest Android 2.x that can run on those phones .
To view this site , you need to have Flash Player 9.0.115 or later installed .
Click here to get the latest Flash player .
Reality Check vor Gericht Marcus Hammerschmitt
Die notwendige Erschütterung medialer Gewissheiten im Fall Brunner
Der " Held von Solln " , Blumen , Teddybären , das Bundesverdienstkreuz , der bayerische Verdienstorden - im Tod hat Dominik Brunner mehr Aufmerksamkeit erfahren , als er sich wohl im Leben je hat träumen lassen .
Die Demontage des Heldenbildes vor Gericht fällt nun umso drastischer aus .
Das Publikum will Helden , und nichts liebt es mehr als einen wie du und ich , der im entscheidenden Moment über sich hinauswächst und dann tragisch scheitert , um gleicherweise die beiden Pole des kleinbürgerlichen Begehrens zu illustrieren : die Mühe und ihr Scheitern gegen die Übermacht .
Die besten Helden , die deutschen Meister der Herzen sind demnach nicht immer diejenigen , die siegen , sondern diejenigen , die kämpfend untergehen , und Dominik Brunner war einer , der im Tod dieses Paradigma aufs i-Tüpfelchen zu bestätigen schien : Normaler Bürger trifft auf dem Nachhauseweg auf das unheilvolle Treiben gewaltbereiter Jugendlicher .
Der normale Bürger beschützt die von diesen gewaltbereiten Jugendlichen bedrohten nichtgewaltbereiten Jugendlichen und büßt dafür mit dem Leben .
Die Presse überschlug sich vor Begeisterung , klarer konnten das Gute und das Böse nicht verteilt sein .
Nun gab es schon von Anfang an Stimmen , die zur Vorsicht rieten .
Als die Zeit jüngst die Kampfsporterfahrung Brunners geklärt haben wollte und leise Zweifel an seinem Heldenstatus aufkommen ließ , traf sie bei den Aktivbürgern , die aus seinem Tod den Grund für bürgerschaftlichen Aktivismus gestrickt haben , auf Schweigen .
Auslegungsbedürftige Vorkommnisse
Spätestens nach den ersten Aussagen vor Gericht ist nun aber klar , dass die Vorkommnisse zumindest auslegungsbedürftig sind : Mehrere Zeugen haben bestätigt , dass Brunner nicht nur zuerst zugeschlagen , sondern den für ihn letztlich tödlichen Kampf regelrecht herausgefordert hat , durch aggressives Herumtänzeln in Boxerart ( die ihm von seinem Kickboxtraining in den Neunzigern her vertraut war ) , über starke Sprüche , bis hin zu Geschubse .
Das macht die Angeklagten noch lange nicht zu harmlosen Jugendlichen , die sich bloß mal einen Spaß erlauben wollten .
Was hormongesteuerte männliche Jugendliche unter Alkoholeinfluss in öffentlichen Verkehrsmitteln mit dem Verkehrsmittel , sich selbst und anderen anstellen , hat oft genug mit Spaß nichts mehr zu tun , und Fakt ist und bleibt , dass Markus S. und Sebastian L. einen Menschen getötet haben .
Aber es kann gut sein , dass sie nicht die Monster sind , zu denen die Presse und das Publikum sie aufgepumpt hat , und dass Dominik Brunner nicht der strahlende
Held war , sondern jemand , der in einer brenzligen Situation handeln wollte , übers Ziel hinaus schoss und seine körperlichen Möglichkeiten überschätzte - dies möglicherweise im Wissen um ein erhöhtes Grundrisiko auf seiner Seite :
Wie sich jetzt herausstellte , hatte Brunner einen Herzfehler , der im Zusammenspiel mit den Verletzungen durch seine jugendlichen Gegner anscheinend den Tod Brunners herbeigeführt hat .
Analoge mediale Aufbereitung
Die Nachbegutachtung der für die Öffentlichkeit eigentlich schon abgeschlossenen Geschichte vor Gericht erinnert deutlich an einen anderen Vorfall im Juni dieses Jahres .
In Hamburg - Neuwiedenthal waren fünf Polizisten bei einem Einsatz verletzt worden , als sie sich mit Bewohnern des Viertels eine wüste Schlägerei lieferten .
Einer der Polizisten erlitt dabei einen mehrfachen Schädelbruch .
Der Landesvorsitzende der Deutschen Polizeigewerkschaft , Joachim Lenders , griff zum Vokabular des Wilhelminismus , um seiner Empörung Herr zu werden :
Es ist unfassbar , mit welcher Brutalität diese Straftäter , die nur noch als Unterschicht und Abschaum der Straße zu bezeichnen sind , gegen unsere Kollegen vorgegangen sind .
Leider vergaß Herr Lenders bei dieser Aufwallung der gerecht gekränkten Polizistenehre , dass seine Kollegen vor der Zusammenrottung des Abschaums in durchaus unschöner Art ihr Mütchen an einem Unterschichtler gekühlt hatten und dabei gefilmt worden waren .
Die Art , wie einer der Kollegen die sich zusammenrottende Menge zusätzlich verbal provozierte , kann man durchaus mit dem vergleichen , was von Dominik Brunners Auftreten jetzt bekannt wird .
Und die mediale Aufbereitung beider Vorfälle ist ohnehin analog : Hier der Abschaum , da der heldenhafte Aktivbürger , hier die Unterschicht , da die mutwillig angegriffene Polizei .
Die „ gefühlte Realität “
Warum aber diese simplen , und in ihrer Einfachheit verzerrten Realitätskonstruktionen ?
Neulich habe ich eine Skizze des zeitgenössischen Infantilismus versucht ( Ölpest an Gefühlen ) .
Die Art , in der sich im Fall Brunner und in der Affäre Neuwiedenthal das Publikum in Hass , Wut , Liebe und Verehrung an primitiven moralischen Zuschreibungen regelrecht aufgeilt , scheint mir ebenfalls ein Aspekt des besagten Infantilismus zu sein : Die " gefühlte Realität " geht über alles , Analyse bedeutet nichts , und " Problemlösungen " der allereinfachsten Art sind Trumpf .
Man kann in der
Tat froh sein , dass im Fall Brunner der zugehörige Gerichtsprozess die schnellfertigen Schlussfolgerungen noch einmal überprüft , dass es Leute mit Kameras gibt , die bei entsprechenden Vorfällen geistesgegenwärtig genug sind , zu filmen , dass die Seltsamkeiten im Zusammenhang mit dem Neuwiedenthaler Vorfall immerhin in Blogs diskutierbar bleiben und dass der Videobeweis wenn schon nicht im Fußball , dann doch in den Gerichtssälen ab und an Gewicht bekommt .
Gar nicht froh sein kann man über die Rolle der Presse , die , von Ausnahmen abgesehen , den Infantilismus ihres Publikums nach Kräften bedient , und ohne Ende in der heavy rotation hält , was der verschwitzte , mit empörungsrotem Kopf vor der Glotze sitzende Spießbürger ohnehin immer schon " weiß " .
Aufklärung , das ist gewiss , geht anders .
( Marcus Hammerschmitt )
' We do n't have the 60 votes , ' said Senate Environment and Public Works Committee Chairwoman Barbara Boxer .
Dems pull plug on climate bill
Senate Democrats pulled the plug on climate legislation Thursday , pushing the issue off into an uncertain future ahead of midterm elections where President Barack Obama ’s party is girding for a drubbing .
Rather than a long - awaited measure capping greenhouse gases — or even a more limited bill directed only at electric utilities — Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) will move forward next week on a bipartisan energy - only bill that responds to the Gulf of Mexico oil spill and contains other more popular energy items .
Advertisement
“ It ’s easy to count to 60 , ” Reid said .
“ I could do it by the time I was in eighth grade .
My point is this , we know where we are .
We know we do n’t have the votes [ for a bill capping emissions ] .
This is a step forward . ”
" He 's anxious to get something done before we leave in August , " Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee Chairman Jeff Bingaman ( D - N.M. ) said of Reid .
" Given the time constraints , this probably is a realistic judgment on his part . "
“ We do n't have the 60 votes , ” said Senate Environment and Public Works Committee Chairwoman Barbara Boxer ( D - Calif . ) .
“ So Sen . Reid 's a pragmatist .
So rather than take us to a situation where we do n't have the votes , rather than do half - measures , let 's wait until we can get it done and get it right .
So I think it 's a smart decision . ”
The bill headed to the floor will not include a carbon cap or a renewable electricity standard , Bingaman said .
Instead , it has low - hanging - fruit provisions dealing with the oil spill , Home Star energy efficiency upgrades , incentives for the conversion of trucking fleet to natural gas and the Land and Water Conservation Fund .
Sen. Sherrod Brown ( D - Ohio ) was visibly disappointed but said he is n’t giving up hope on getting “ a decent bill ” on climate within the next two weeks .
Still , he said , " the Republicans do n't want to cooperate on anything .
On any of these major issues they vote no , and we 've got to get some Republican votes because we do n't have unanimity in our caucus .
So we 're still hoping they decide they want to govern instead of scoring political points . ”
Sen . John Kerry ( D - Mass . ) insisted that he , too , had hope for getting some kind of climate bill through the Senate in the next two weeks .
He said he spoke with Obama Thursday and that the president had “ committed to work at a more intensive pace ” in the days ahead .
But the writing has been on the wall all week , with advocates lowering expectations in light of continued opposition from GOP senators and some moderate Democrats .
" I do n’t believe an energy bill has ever passed off the floor in less than about three weeks , " Kerry said earlier Thursday during a town - hall style forum hosted by the Clean Energy Works , an umbrella advocacy organization that includes environmentalists , labor and religious groups .
" The fact is this is a very complicated bill that has a lot of moving parts .
I 'm very realistic about that . "
" It ’s not dying , " Kerry added .
" It ’s not going away ... We ’re going to try our best to find a way to do it in the next few weeks .
If we ca n’t do it in the next weeks , we ’ll do something that begins to do something responsibly in the short term .
But this will stay out there , and we ’ll be working on it ; we ’ll be asking you to talk to your senators and move them to understand why we have to get this done . ”
Sen. Joe Lieberman ( I - Conn . ) , Kerry ’s partner on the climate proposal , said he had no problem with Reid delaying debate on greenhouse gas caps .
" If that 's the truth , it keeps the process open for negotiating a broader utilities - only bill in September , " he said .
Kerry and Lieberman are still working with the electric utility industry , including its lead trade group , the Edison Electric Institute , on a bill slicing its emissions around 17 percent below 2005 levels by 2020 .
But other Democrats have their doubts that Kerry and Lieberman will even get time for a floor debate after the August break , especially with Reid and other senators girding up for their own reelection bids .
" We 've got very substantial constraints on our time when we get back , " Energy and Natural Resources Committee Chairman Jeff Bingaman of New Mexico said Thursday .
" I do n't think there are going to be two energy packages on the floor this year , " said Democratic Policy Committee Chairman Byron Dorgan of North Dakota .
" Whatever comes to the floor on energy is going to be the package we 're going to consider . "
CORRECTION :
The original headline on this story incorrectly characterized the bill Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid is preparing to move .
Also , an earlier version of this story misidentified the host of the forum Sen. John Kerry attended Thursday .
How many families in the average fundamentalist church do you think would have kids with subscriptions to 17 magazine ?
Nick “ Action ” Claxton ( I am honestly not making that name up ) evidently thinks there are quite a few in his .
It ’s always so much fun to rail on other people ’s sin .
Image caption A " Twi - hard " gets excited ahead of an Eclipse preview in New Mexico
The latest film in the Twilight series has broken the record set by its predecessor for takings from midnight screenings in the US and Canada .
The Twilight Saga : Eclipse made more than $ 30 million ( £ 20.1 m ) from midnight screenings on Wednesday , according to its distributor Summit Entertainment .
That exceeded the $ 26.3 m ( £ 17.6 m ) New Moon made when it opened last November .
Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart star in Eclipse , the third instalment in the vampire romance series .
The film has its UK premiere later , with advance screenings to follow this weekend ahead of its official UK release on 9 July .
Neither Stewart and Pattinson will be at the London premiere , although it will be attended by director David Slade and other cast members .
Twilight fans - dubbed " Twi - hards " by some - lined up hours ahead of the first midnight showings .
Experts expect Eclipse to have a record - breaking US debut over the traditionally lucrative Fourth of July weekend .
Image caption Land in the Thar desert has gone from virtually worthless to valuable overnight
" I 'm going to open up my own hotel , " says Vijay Singh , a man who has just become $ 60,000 richer after selling some of his farmland ; land that is barren desert .
Image caption Mr Singh wants to invest what he made from selling land
India 's thirst for solar energy has transformed Mr Singh 's property from a dry , dusty inhospitable environment into a sun-drenched power socket that promises much , both for energy companies and for a country that still suffers black - outs .
The Thar desert spreads 200,000 square kilometres across North West India , and as Dr PC Pande from Rajasthan 's Central Arid Zone Research Institute points out , sun is not in short supply .
" Here in this region we have plenty of solar radiation , " he boasts .
" It 's full of sun .
Three hundred plus days of sun a year , nine hours a day . "
They will need it .
The government recently launched its National Solar Mission - a $ 19bn plan to generate 20,000 megawatt of solar electricity by 2022 .
At the moment solar power contributes a tiny fraction of that - less than 1 % - to the national grid .
An abundance of land
Image caption
The land here can be used for solar power , says estate agent Parihar
But it is not just the sunshine that is attracting government and private investors to Rajasthan .
The area is also abundant in something else that big power projects need - namely land .
" In this area , there 's a lot of government land available , and a lot of private land also , " says Multan Parihar from real estate agents Raj Landscape .
He has found Rajasthan a very good place to deal in real estate recently .
In the past six months , land prices in parts of the Thar desert have tripled .
" People do n't do much agriculture here , it 's a waste land .
But it can be used for solar power . "
The region 's solar revolution is expected to get underway shortly when one of India 's biggest energy companies - Reliance Industries - switches on its 5 megawatt solar plant in the nearby town of Khimsar .
Soaring energy demands
For the nation 's business leaders , energy projects are a high priority if India 's strong economic growth is to be continued .
Image caption Energy projects can keep the wheels turning for India 's economy
" Manufacturing is directly related to energy , " stresses Hari Bhartia , one of India 's most successful industrialists , with an empire spreading across pharmaceuticals , energy and retail .
" I do n't think you can build a manufacturing industry unless you have a stable energy supply .
Energy is part of economic growth . "
So , as someone who operates oil and gas fields in India , will Mr Bhartia be investing in some desert ?
" No , " he says .
" Today these solar projects are mainly driven through government subsidy .
In the longer term these technologies need to become self sufficient "
Despite the caution of some , Mr Singh is confident a bustling city will emerge from the scrub land he once owned , and a steady stream of solar technicians will come to stay in his hotel .
When Howard Dean got his say on the matter on FNS , he was straightforward , blunt and courageous .
He called out the coverage the clip received on Fox as " absolutely racist . "
Acting to defend his employer ( and probably his political soulmates ) , Wallace quickly jumped in with this gem .
WALLACE : I know facts are inconvenient things , but let 's try to deal with the facts .
The fact is that the Obama administration fired or forced Shirley Sherrod to quit before her name had ever been mentioned on Fox News Channel .
Did you know that , sir ?
And this :
WALLACE : Did you -- did you know that , that her name -- did you know that her -- that she was fired before her name was ever mentioned on the Fox News Channel ?
Dean quickly reminded Wallace that his point was to talk about Fox 's coverage of the clip , and in that , whether the coverage happened before or after her firing was irrelevant .
He also said that the clip was about to be aired on Glenn Beck when Agriculture Secretary Vilsack fired Sherrod .
Of course , Wallace would have scored a point , if he were telling the truth .
He was n't .
Not the whole truth , at any rate .
You see , he 's probably right that Breitbart 's disgusting video editing was probably not on Fox News ' TV channel .
However , if you consider the FoxNews.com web site as part of Fox News Channel -- and any fair minded person would -- then you are left with only one conclusion :
Wallace was lying ( or at least , did n't know what he was talking about ) .
The video , its mention and coverage had appeared on Fox News ( FoxNews.com ) prior to reports of Sherrod being fired .
Media Matters has done us all a great service by creating a timeline of coverage for this .
Here are some parts of it .
[ Monday , July 19 ] 11:18 a.m.*: Breitbart posts Sherrod video , calls her " racist , " claims " Context is everything . "
Breitbart posted the heavily edited video of Sherrod and falsely suggested that Sherrod discriminated against a white farmer in her capacity as the Agriculture Department 's Georgia Director of Rural Development [...]
Fox News amplifies Breitbart 's deceptively edited video .
On July 19 , FoxNews.com reported : " Days after the NAACP clashed with Tea Party members over allegations of racism , a video has surfaced showing an Agriculture Department official regaling an NAACP audience with a story about how she withheld help to a white farmer facing bankruptcy . "
The FoxNews.com article further reported that " [t ] he video clip was first posted by BigGovernment.com " and that " FoxNews.com is seeking a response from both the NAACP and the USDA . "
The article is no longer available on FoxNews.com but was republished on another website .
Media Matters also published a screenshot of that report .
Here 's the screenshot :
Credit : Media Matters for America .
That was n't the only mention of Breitbart 's manufactured scandal on Fox News before her resignation .
1:40 p.m. ( approximately ) : Fox Nation accuses Sherrod of " discrimination caught on tape " before she resigned .
Fox Nation linked to Breitbart 's Big Government piece and posted the deceptively cropped clips of Sherrod 's speech at the NAACP in a post titled , " Caught on Tape : Obama Official Discriminates Against White Farmer " :
And finally , by the power of Internet magic , Fox Nation got too cute by half .
After news broke that Sherrod resigned , the post 's headline was changed to read " Obama Official Resigns After Discrimination Caught on Tape " :
And that 's what really happened .
Thanks to Media Matters , now we know the full story .
So , was Sherrod 's name ever mentioned on Fox News before she was fired ?
I do n't know , Chris , is FoxNews.com a part of Fox News ?
There are only two right answers to this : ( a ) Chris Wallace does n't know what he 's talking about , or ( b ) he 's lying .
Take your pick .
Self - plug :
You can read this and other thoughts of mine on my blog , The People 's View .
You can also follow me on Twitter @thepeoplesview .
Well two matches went down on Wednesday night , with New York snatching victory away from a draw in stoppage time over Houston ( who broke their streak of w - l - w - l - w - l - w - l - w - l ) with another loss , and in San Jose 's match against the Crew neither side could get the win , but the draw is better than last weekends losses by both teams .
So with the World Cup just a week away MLS is again having ever single team in action on one day .
8 matches on Saturday , so soccer fans can get ready for the excitement of the next month .
Kansas City Wizards at Toronto FC - 2 pm MT - Direct Kick
Well we saw it last week that KC is awful on the road ( 0 - 4 - 0 with a - 8 GD ) , while TFC not only showed with last weekends win at San Jose , but with their impressive ( 4 - 0 - 0 +7 Goal Differential ) home record that they are a team to be reckoned with .
In the past the Wizards have actually been one of the teams to do well at BMO field , they are 1 - 2 - 1 in matches played in Toronto .
The Red 's have lost just once in their last 6 matches ( 4 - 1 - 1 ) , while Kansas City have n't gotten a win since week 2 of the MLS season , and have lost 4 of their last 5 matches .
Both sides will be looking for 3 points as a win could move TFC into second place in the East if New York loses this weekend , while KC will be looking to keep themselves out of the cellar of the East ( they are just 1 point ahead of Philly , and 2 ahead of DC United ) .
You have to wonder if this is the weekend that KC figures out a couple things , how to score , only one team has scored fewer goals in MLS this year than the 9 goals scored by the Wizards .
They are led in goals by Kei Kamara 's 5 , but he is far from a sure thing when it comes to scoring threats .
Early on many thought that Ryan Smith might be the next big offensive threat for KC , but his single goal came in week 1 , and he has only been able to add 3 assists since then .
They will be without the player that I believe is the one to take charge of their offense , Davy Arnaud has , 38 career goals and 31 career assists but due to a red card last weekend he will be unavailable .
The other question facing KC , is what has happened to their defense ?
They had just a single goal allowed in their first 4 matches , but 12 in their last 5 matches .
Jimmy Conrad used to be the baddest defender in all of MLS , but the cast supporting him this year , has left him alone on an island of bad defense .
KC will also be without Roger Espinoza who is at the World Cup with Honduras , as well as Auvray who is listed as out with an injury .
Last weekend , no team made a bigger statement than Toronto .
They had been impressive in front of their loud and crazy fans at BMO , but on the road they had only one decent result a 0 - 0 draw against LA .
They had given up 11 road goals , while scoring only 3 , but they went to San Jose and beat the Quakes 3 - 1 on a goal from Chad Barrett , who seems to have re-found his form with 4 goals in their last 4 matches , and a pair from Dwayne DeRosario .
They no longer looked like the team that gave up 10 goals in their first 4 matches , as they now have only given up 2 in their last 4 .
Stefan Frei has been a huge part of the reason the TFC defense has improved so much , they had 485 scoreless minutes ( in all competitions ) before giving up a single goal against San Jose .
There may be a little bit of fatigue for Toronto , as they had a midweek matchup in the Canadian Championship against Vancouver , and now will look to continue their perfect home form against the Wizards .
This one could be an upset in the making but I will go with TFC to pick up the 2 - 1 win .
more match previews after the jump
Chivas USA at New York Red Bulls - 5:30 pm MT - FSC
New York started the season as one of the big stories of 2010 , a brand new stadium , winning 5 of their first 6 matches , but then a 4 match losing streak brought them back down to earth .
They were able to snatch a last second win over Houston midweek ( 2 - 1 ) , and now they will face the struggling Chivas USA .
The " Goats " have their own 4 match losing streak going on , including a loss last weekend to DC United .
Now each team will play their last match before their World Cup breaks and both will be looking to try to build momentum for the summer months .
Chivas was the only team in the West to make an off - season coaching change , they were also the only team to really make wholesale changes to their roster .
Only 6 of 24 players have seen action in more than 60 MLS matches , while 14 have seen action in 25 or fewer matches .
On field leadership has been given to Bornstein and Kljestan , both guys with more than 100 MLS matches , but both are still very young and inexperienced in leadership roles .
There issue has been defense , as only one team has allowed more goals than their 17 allowed , and their - 4 overall goal differential is the 4th worst in the league .
They will need Justin Braun to find the back of the net if they want to have any type of a chance , he leads the team in goals and has scored in 3 of their last 5 matches ( each one they have scored in ) .
Chivas will be missing a couple key players , Jonathan Bornstein is at the World Cup , Jazic is out with an injury , Zach Thornton is suspended for a red card and backup keeper Dan Kennedy is listed as questionable .
New York may have found their form again , as they scored first and last against Houston on Wednesday night , and by that I mean their lucky form .
Their opening goal by Ubiparipovic should have been waved off as he was clearly offside , but this is MLS and you have learn that sometimes calls just seem to go the way of some teams .
Injuries will really play a part in how New York can play as their list is fairly long :
OUT : MF Giorgi Chirgadze ( hip surgery ) ; MF Austin da Luz ( L foot fracture ) ; DF Kevin Goldthwaite ( adductor surgery recovery ) ; FW Macoumba Kandji ( R foot broken fifth metatarsal ) ; MF Brian Nielsen ( R knee pain ) ; MF Carl Robinson ( R knee swelling ) ; MF Dane Richards ( R hamstring strain ) ; QUESTIONABLE : FW Salou Ibrahim ( R hamstring strain ) ; MF Joel Lindpere ( L calf contusion ) .
They will also be without Andrew Boyens who is at the World Cup .
Their offense is as good as Juan Pablo Angel , and as poor as the lack of service that he often gets .
Their defense was stellar at the start of the season allowing just 4 goals in their first 6 matches , but in their last 5 they have allowed 12 .
Rookies Ream and Miller have been great at times but you have to think their inexperience in MLS has hurt the Red Bulls .
This one ends in a 1 - 1 draw .
Real Salt Lake at DC United - 5:30 pm MT - Direct Kick
This one will be coming up later tonight in detail
Houston Dynamo at Los Angles Galaxy - 6 pm MT - Galavision
Well in the best match of the weekend , it is of course shown on a channel with crappy picture quality and in Spanish only .
Way to go MLS , but I will still end up recording this one as LA looks to continue their unbeaten run of 2010 , while Houston will look to end their first 2 game losing streak of the season .
Houston was tied for the best defensive team in MLS in 2009 with just 29 goal allowed all season , so far they have allowed 15 already and only Chivas has allowed more goals in the Western Conference .
LA has simply been unbeatable , in large part to their incredible 2 goal allowed , in 11 matches they have allowed a total of two goals , simply amazing .
So can Houston do something at the HDC that they could n't do at home , score against the Galaxy ?
It looks like the panic is setting in a bit for Houston who with a 5 - 6 - 1 record find themselves looking at LA who is 13 points ahead of them in the standings with a match in hand .
I think everyone expected the Dynamo to have issues this year , you simply can't lose two World Cup level players and not struggle to fill those spots .
Then add in an injury to the main replacement player Geoff Cameron after 5 matches and you have to start relying on guys in their 30's ( Robinson - 32 , Mulrooney - 33 , Mullan - 32 , Waibel - 34 , Onstad - 42 , Ching - 32 , and Serioux - 31 ) and when you core is that old and you have played the busiest schedule of any team in the league it wears on you .
Perhaps no team will play with more energy this weekend knowing they have 21 days until their next league match , but will it be enough to do what no other team has done this year ?
Beat the LA Galaxy , 11 times this season teams have tried and each of them have failed .
Only twice has LA not scored a goal in a match , and both of those ended up in draws .
Only two teams have even scored a goal against the Galaxy , Philadelphia got a late goal in a 3 - 1 loss , and RSL got a goal from Kyle Beckerman to even up their match , but LA would get a late goal from Edson Buddle to get the 2 - 1 victory at the Home Depot Center .
Many of us thought that LA would struggle without Landon and Edson , but since Buddle got his two goals against Philly back on May 1st , it has been 8 different players scoring for LA .
Then there is the defense , take an impressive keeper in Donovan Ricketts and put a great mix of youth and experience in front of him , toss in a team that possess the ball very well and somehow you end up with a team 0.18 GAA and 9 clean sheets .
Sorry Houston , there is nothing you can do to get the win over LA .
Galaxy 2 - Dynamo 1
San Jose Earthquakes at FC Dallas - 6:30 pm MT - Direct Kick
The 5 - 3 - 2 San Jose Earthquakes have more wins on the road than FC Dallas has home wins ( 1 - 1 - 3 at home ) , both teams are coming off draws .
FC Dallas got a road draw against the Chicago Fire last weekend , and the Quakes got a 2 - 2 draw against the Columbus Crew , top team in the East on Wednesday .
This will be the final match for both sides heading into the World Cup break .
FC Dallas has scored 11 goals , while allowing the same number .
They have still scored over 25 % of their goals from the PK spot , as Jeff Cunningham has 3 times converted from the spot , he also has added another goal and assist to his total so far in 2010 .
Another former RSL player , Atiba Harris , has added 2 goals and 1 assist and he is one of 4 Dallas player to have been on the pitch all 900 minutes of their league play .
For FC
Dallas , the first and final 15 minutes have been when 6 of their 11 goals have been scored ( 3 in each ) , but on defense it has been the 15 minutes on either side of the halftime whistle that has been their weak spot , as 7 of their 11 goals allowed have been scored then .
FC Dallas may be the healthiest team in MLS , with just Dax McCarty listed as questionable .
One of the big questions for FCD is can they begin to draw fans out to Pizza Hut Park , their home average is under 10,000 per match and second lowest in the league .
The only other teams under 10,000 average are teams that play in stadiums where that is the upper limit of capacity .
San Jose is coming to town as one of the surprises of 2010 , and with just 1 loss in their last 6 ( a 3 - 1 home loss to TFC ) the Quakes have proven themselves as a team to watch for the rest of the year .
They have established themselves as a solid defense team in most of their matches , 5 clean sheets to prove it , but they have had 4 matches where they have allowed multiple goals ( 3 against RSL , 3 against Chivas , 3 against Toronto , all those were losses , and 2 in their midweek draw against Columbus .
Their most lethal offensive weapon is Chris Wondolowski , who returned to the Bay Area after several unproductive years in Houston , and so far in 2010 he has already scored more goals than in the previous 5 years combined .
Will the FC Dallas have someone who can take Chris and his 6 goals ( 3 game winners ) off the stat sheet ?
If so do n't be surprised if Ryan Johnson ( 1 goal , 4 assists ) or Bobby Convey ( 0 goals , 7 assists ) step up to provide some offensive firepower .
It is hard to pick against the home team , but given that FC Dallas have 3 draws already at home , I am picking a 2 - 2 draw in this one .
Philadelphia Union at Chicago Fire - 6:30 pm MT - Direct Kick
There is no history between these two teams , but between these two cities you have a lot of rivalries , including the current Stanley Cup playoffs between the Blackhawks and the Flyers .
I have a feeling there might just be some fireworks between the two sides as the aggressive , attacking style of the Union could take the Fire some time to adjust to .
In fact the Union have as many road wins ( 1 , last weekends 3 - 2 win at Houston ) as the Fire have home wins ( 1 , 2 - 0 over Houston back in April ) , since then they have two 1 - 1 draws against Chivas and FC Dallas at Toyota Park .
Can the expansion side get another road win ?
When the Union score more than one goal , they win , both of their wins came with a 3 - 2 scoreline .
With a healthy Sebastian Le Toux , the Union attack has some real teeth as he has provided 5 goals and 2 assists .
He is n't the only offensive weapon for Philly as 5 players have found the back of the net , they also have gotten good creativity from Alejandro Moreno who leads the team with 5 assists , and Roger Torres who has added 3 .
On defense , Danny Califf finally seems to have calmed down and realized that he is the on field leader of this team and when you consider that his teammates on the back line have limited MLS action ( Harvey - 53 matches , Orozco - 8 matches , and Arrieta - 7 matches ) and they play in front of Chris Seitz who only has 15 matches under his belt in goal .
The experience that is missing has been made up by Peter Nowak 's never say die , never quit , and if your not sure what to do , then attack mentality .
This team is road tough as 6 of their first 8 matches have been on the road , and after this match they will head to KC for a Thursday match before their World Cup break .
The Chicago Fire are better on the road than they are at home , again .
Last year they were 5 - 4 - 6 at home with a - 1 goal differential , and so far this year they are 1 - 1 - 2 ( they are 1 - 2 - 2 away from Toyota Park ) .
This team has been impacted by the fact that their new head coach , Carlos de los Cobos , who is trying to learn how to adjust his style to the MLS style of play .
One huge advantage he has is Brian McBride , who leads the team with 4 goals and 1 assist , but Collins John has been a bit of a disappointment with just a single goal and single assist .
Early on I was expecting big things this year from Marco Pappa in the midfield , since someone needed to step up as the lead playmaker after the departure of Blanco in the off season , but so far he only has the two goals he scored early in the season , but he has added 4 assists .
On defense perhaps no move was bigger than the decision to go with Andrew Dykstra in net and releasing Jon Busch , Dykstra has a 1.44 GAA so far this year so he will need to do much more to convince most people that the decision was the right move for the team .
I can pick Philly as my upset this week , but I am going to pick them to get a 1 - 1 draw .
Columbus Crew at Colorado Rapids - 7 pm MT - Direct Kick
Colorado started the year 1 - 1 - 1 , but since then they are 4 - 2 - 0 and while they have n't been an offensive powerhouse , they have just 10 goals in 9 matches , they have been a stingy defensive team , allowing just 7 goals ( only LA has allowed fewer ) .
The Crew are the best team in the East and tasted defeat for just the first time all year last weekend as the Galaxy beat them 2 - 0 .
Can the Rapids keep up their two match winning streak , and find a way to keep the Crew from getting a win for the third straight match ?
It is hard for me to say anything nice about the Rapids , after all they are the Rapids , and we know that ' Nobody likes Conor Casey " , but they have a very solid team and it starts in their midfield , the defensive bite of Pablo Mastoreni and Jeff Larentowicz and the ability to control the match and possession provided by Wells Thompson , Omar Cummings , and Medhi Ballouchy have kept them in matches .
Only once has Colorado allowed more than one goal in a match , a 2 - 2 draw with Chicago at home in week 2 , but they have only scored more than 1 goals three times this year , and they have only two goals in their last 4 matches .
To beat Columbus they will need to score goals and they might just need Cummings to get back into his scoring grove , he has two goals this year but has n't found the back of the net since week 2 .
So for Columbus it is all about the final 15 minutes of matches , they have scored 5 of their 16 goals in the final 15 minutes , but they have allowed 4 of their 10 in the final quarter hour as well .
I think the injury to Frankie Hejudk , who is listed as Out for the match could be a huge factor , he is really the heart of the Crew defense and as important to the overall performance of the team as is GBS ( Guillermo Barros Schelotto ) is to the offense .
GBS has provided 4 goals and 3 assist so far this year , and they also get a great deal of offensive support from Eddie Gaven , who has 3 goals and 2 assists .
With Frankie out , there will be more pressure on Will Hesmer in goal and while he is n't on the injured list he has been battling a bad back .
I am going to pick this one as my upset of the week , as the Rapids get a 2 - 0 win over the Crew .
New England Revolution at Seattle Sounders FC - 8:30 pm MT - Direct Kick
If you had told anyone that after 11 matches each , that these teams would only have 3 wins each , most people would have doubted you .
Yet the Sounders have a 3 - 5 - 3 record and have already lost 3 matches at home , which is more than they did in all of 2009 .
The Rev's have struggled in large part due to the number of injury issues they have faced all year , and after getting two wins in their first 3 matches , it took them until last weekend to get their third win of the year .
Each side has just one win in their last 7 matches , so with just days to go before World Cup break , both of these teams will be looking to get something going their way .
For New England getting Sharlie Joseph back a couple weeks ago may have been the saving grace of their season , as without him they simply looked awful , but they are still battling a long list of injuries , including losing Preston Burpo for the season with a broken leg in last weekends match against New York .
Still on the injury list are : Darrius Barnes and Twellman are listed as out , while Matt Reis is back active but listed as doubtful , Gibbs , Dube , Colaluca , and Videira are listed as questionable , and Alston and Osei are listed as probable .
The upside for New England is that they have never lost to Seattle , the won both matches last year including a 1 - 0 win at Qwest field .
For New England to get a result they will need to play some defense , their 17 goals allowed is 2nd worst in all of MLS , the upside is that Seattle has struggled to score goals this year .
Last year the Sounders scored 1.27 goals per match , but so far in 2010 they have only 9 goals in 11 matches ( 0.82 per match ) .
6 of their 9 goals have come from Fredy Montero and Steve Zakuani , who each have 3 , while Evans , Marshall , and Fucito each have contributed a single goal .
The offense is n't the only issue for the Sounders , they have allowed 14 goals so far this year , and that compares to just 29 allowed in all of 2009 .
A good portion of the Sounders issues can be contributed to injuries , they currently have 3 players on the DL , Michael Fucito , Nate Jaqua , and Jhon Kennedy Hurtado , and Osvaldo Alonso and Pete Vagenas are listed as doubtful .
Listen I like the Sounders , but they need to deal with a couple real issues if they want to get their season back on track , first up is Freddie Ljungberg .
He is a DP , he is a creative force in the midfield and without him at top form , the Sounders lack on field leadership , he must step up and show the grit and determination he did last year , if he does then expect the summer to be very good for the Sounders .
The second thing , is they need to vary what they do on the pitch , last year they were able to sneak up on teams , but now everyone has played them at least twice and coaches have seen how Sigi uses his roster .
Adjustments both in the season and during matches were a strength of Sigi in Columbus , and even last year in Seattle , he needs to find a way to adjust quickly during matches in order to keep his teams efforts effective .
I think the matchup of Ljungberg and Joseph in the midfield will be incredible to watch , but beyond them , I think that Seattle has a better team and look for them to get the 3 - 1 win at home .
MY PICKS
Toronto FC 2 - Kansas City 1
Chivas USA 1 - New York Red Bulls 1
LA Galaxy 2 - Houston Dynamo 1
San Jose Quakes 2 - FC Dallas 2
Philly Union 1 - Chicago Fire 1
Colorado Rapids 2 - Columbus 0
Seattle Sounders 3 - New England 1
OFF MY SOAPBOX
Meet Guariella
Poor Guariella . :)
We can only imagine the life she has led up until now .
She has recently given birth to a litter , but they were not turned in with her , so we can only assume she has been discarded .
She has an , easily - treatable skin skin condition .
Please help her .
She is so sad and depressed in the shelter .
Show her that people can be good .
Show her what love is .
Call or visit to inquire about Guariella today .
No one will ever love you like a dog who was once abandoned !
The Animal Control Facility for Bladen County , North Carolina IS a kill - shelter , so the animals seen here have a limited time to be available .
This is a rescue - friendly facility so all reputable rescues are welcome to register in advance as an Adoption Partner .
You , as the adopter or rescue organization , are responsible for any and all veterinary work given .
No health or temperament guarantees are given or implied .
Please visit or call during office hours : 910-862-6918
A SHELTER FRIEND volunteers may be able to assist you and can obtain transport at a reasonable cost .
Or , if you cannot adopt and would like to foster or sponsor a pet please call them at 910 - 876-0539 or email :
A Shelter Friend
Claim : Excessive LSD use left a young man in a psychiatric hospital , believing himself to be a glass of orange juice .
LEGEND
Examples :
This guy goes down to the States from Canada .
He comes across this amazing deal on acid , so he buys a hundredlot .
He figures that it ’s not likely they ’ll strip search him , so he tapes the whole sheet to his stomach when he goes back .
At the border he ’s ordered to get out of his car and wait in a room while they search the car .
He gets so freaked out , thinking that they ’re going to strip search him after all , that he starts sweating .
The sweat soaks the sheet taped to his body and he absorbs a hundred hits of acid through his skin .
Pretty soon he thinks he ’s an orange and decides he ’ll have to peel himself , so he starts peeling off his clothes .
To this day he ’s confined to a psychiatric ward , still convinced that he ’s an orange .
This guy goes down to the States from Canada .
He comes across this amazing deal on acid , so he buys a hundredlot .
He figures that it ’s not likely they ’ll strip search him , so he tapes the whole sheet to his stomach when he goes back .
At the border he ’s ordered to get out of his car and wait in a room while they search the car .
He gets so freaked out , thinking that they ’re going to strip search him after all , that he starts sweating .
The sweat soaks the sheet taped to his body and he absorbs a hundred hits of acid through his skin .
Pretty soon he thinks he ’s an orange and decides he ’ll have to peel himself , so he starts peeling off his clothes .
To this day he ’s confined to a psychiatric ward , still convinced that he ’s an orange .
The story I heard is that a guy was running from the cops and had a sheet [ of LSD ] in his pocket .
He knew he was gonna get busted and did n’t know what to do with the stuff , so he did the whole sheet .
Now he thinks he ’s a glass of orange juice and his biggest fear is that someone will drink him .
Variations :
Early versions of this legend attribute the patient ’s bizarre behavior to the damage caused by repeated LSD use , but later versions describe the cause as a single accidental , massive dose of acid .
In some versions the victim believes himself to be an orange ( rather than a glass of orange juice ) , although he may also harbor fears that he will turn into orange juice if anyone touches him .
The patient is sometimes said to be afraid to lie down ( lest he spill ) go to sleep ( because someone might drink him ) , or allow anyone to approach him ( for fear he might be peeled ) .
Origins :
The “ orange juice man ” was one of the 1960s ’ most ubiquitous pieces of LSD scarelore .
As improbable and wacky as it may seem today , this tale was taken quite seriously by the anti-drug forces in the mid-1960s , when the long - term effects of LSD use were unknown .
As Jay Stevens wrote a couple of decades later :
Halting the spread of LSD had become part of the national agenda ; thus it was necessary for the press to sensationalize the subject … the LSD psychotic … seized the public imagination and did n’t let go for the rest of the decade .
Scarcely a week went by that this curious creature was n’t in the news columns , either raping or murdering or committing suicide in stories that were usually anonymous , uncheckable , and bizarre .
The orange juice shocker was apparently well - known enough by 1966 to have achieved anecdotal status , as seen in this newspaper excerpt :
There are also gnawing fears in the scientific community that repeated use of LSD could permanently damage the brain .
But they have no firm evidence yet .
There are also gnawing fears in the scientific community that repeated use of LSD could permanently damage the brain .
But they have no firm evidence yet .
“ There ’s no scientific evidence , ” [ Timothy ] Leary says .
“ I would be more concerned than anybody .
I ’ve taken LSD 311 times . ”
Some , who consider Leary ’s remarks a shaky testimonial , point to specific examples of what could be the result of brain damage .
One involves a heavy user who is convinced he is an orange .
He wo n’t allow anyone to touch him for fear he will turn into orange juice .
The story was soon being repeatedly proffered as if it were a case study ( minus any corroborative details , of course ) by health care professionals .
Consider this excerpt from a 1968 book about drug abuse , taken from a chapter about LSD written by one Duke D. Fisher , M.D. , a neuropsychiatrist who is described as having “ had extensive experience with LSD users ” :
Some Some people would take LSD and and their trip would continue beyond the usual twelve to eighteen hours for LSD effects .
Many individuals continued to hallucinate , continued to be paranoid — extremely suspicious with delusions of being watched , criticized , or persecuted .
They were convinced that people were going to hurt them or that animals were chasing them , or they continued to be out of contact with reality .
An example of this kind of reaction was a teenage boy who locked himself in his room because he thought he was an orange and that if someone touched him , he would turn into orange juice .
He was able to live because his friends would bring in food for him ; however , he remained locked in his room for several months .
Even more so than the usual horror tales of physical mutilation and death ( e.g. , drug users gouging out their eyes , staring at the sun until blind , stuffing babies in ovens , or jumping out windows thinking that they could fly ) , this legend served a chilling ( albeit apocryphal ) account of the damage LSD could wreak on a human being .
Physical trauma may be terrible , but at least it ’s comprehensible .
A bizarre and permanent insanity , however , is one of the most horrible fates we can contemplate .
Last updated : 5 February 2015
Sources :
imprecise :
It is definitely not a conventional couch !
The “ Space Invader Couch ” was designed …
Mossad chief Meir Dagan visited Saudi Arabia recently , if unofficial reports published over the weekend on the WorldNetDaily website are accurate .
The Internet news site attributed the story to Arab sources .
According to the reports , the talks conducted in Saudi Arabia with the head of Israel 's espionage agency dealt with Iran and its nuclear program .
The account follows a series of recent reports on increasing secret cooperation between Israel and the Saudis , including defense coordination on matters related to possible military action against Iran 's nuclear facilities .
Open gallery view Former Mossad chief Meir Dagan
Two months ago , the Times of London reported that during the course of a Saudi military exercise , air defense system operations were halted for a few hours to rehearse a scenario whereby Israeli fighter planes would cross Saudi Arabian air space en route to an attack on Iran .
Arab and Iranian media outlets have also reported Israeli air force planes and helicopters landing in Saudi Arabia for the purposes of positioning equipment there .
Three weeks ago , it was reported that the United Arab Emirates ' ambassador in Washington said at a conference that the consequences of nuclear weapons in the hands of the Iranians would be more serious than an Israeli assault , because a nuclear Iran could not be tolerated .
His remarks reflect a common concern felt in Israel and the Persian Gulf states over nuclear weapons in Iranian hands .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
This morning ’s Washington Post reports on efforts in Congress to strengthen regulation of oil companies .
Two key Senate committees approved legislation Wednesday that would change the way the federal government regulates offshore oil drilling and penalizes companies for oil spills … Both measures passed on bipartisan voice votes .
One approved by the Energy and Natural Resources Committee would raise the civil and criminal penalties for a spill , require more safety equipment redundancies , boost the number of federal safety inspectors and demand additional precautions for deep - water drilling .
The other , passed by the Environment and Public Works Committee , would remove oil companies ’ $ 75 million liability limit and retroactively remove the liability cap for BP and the Deepwater Horizon explosion .
The Post says that these measures demonstrate “ lawmakers ’ eagerness to respond to the disaster in the Gulf of Mexico . ”
They might more accurately say that the measures demonstrate lawmakers ’ eagerness to look like they are responding to the disaster .
In the real world , the proposed measures will serve mostly as election - year greenwashing , with little genuine impact .
Just about everyone at this point knows that liability awards will be determined not in the hallowed halls of Congress , but by knock - down , drag - out court fights .
More safety precautions can gradually be rolled back or ignored , just as the current safety regulations were in the years leading up to the BP spill .
And none of this goes to the basic dilemma of whether drilling at these depths should be allowed at all , when the dangers are so great and the stakes so high .
Members of Congress can see the heat the White House has gotten for daring ( in an uncharacteristic move ) to impose even a partial moratorium on deepwater drilling : a federal judge declared the move illegal , while right - wingers attacked it as something just short of a Communistic plot to destroy the nation ’s economy .
As long as Congress tinkers around the edges of the issue , they can avoid the explosive core .
As a character in a famous Italian political novel once said , “ If we want everything to stay the same , everything must change . ”
Let ’s talk about the overriding fact that no one , apparently , sees fit to mention :
The great bulk of our domestic oil lies in public domain territory along the outer - continental shelf of the United States .
Since it is already owned by the public , and is supposed to be held in trust for our well - being , the threat of “ nationalizing ” oil is nothing more than a strawman .
Oil is already nationalized in the United States — it is owned by the nation , and by the people .
But we have basically turned over this huge asset to the energy industry , especially the oil and gas companies .
We have done this through a huge system of undervalued , underregulated leases that give companies a free hand to exploit the wealth of the public domain .
And we have placed the disposition and oversight of this valuable resource in the hands of the federal Interior Department , with its long history of connivance with the extractive industries .
In sum , the citizens of the United States have given over the greatest natural resource wealth of our nation to private business interests — who naturally run it for their own profit , rather than for the public good .
In return , we have demanded virtually nothing .
And the little we have demanded — the most basic of safety precautions , the most modest of demands for fair pricing — have been ignored and derided by companies that regularly top the Global 500 list for profitability .
Keep in mind that these are not the mythological “ Main Street ” American business interests , the scrappy entrepreneurial spirits so beloved by conservatives and libertarians alike .
These are not hundreds and thousands of little companies duking it out in the free market .
They ’re a few big multinational companies , whose hold on the world ’s energy resources dates back a hundred years or more .
They operate in secret through cartels to determine how these resources are parceled out , priced , and used .
One of many obstacles to any real change in this system is the absence of transparency and reliable information .
For example , the oil companies , not the government , have been tasked with mapping oil and gas reserves on the public domain .
This stands in the way of any real public scrutiny , and any impartial scientific judgement on how to administer the public trust .
It also serves to obscure from view the massive ripoff that constitutes the leasing system .
Historically , disagreements over this system — over whether reserves are over - or under- estimated , details of environmental impacts , disputes over fair costs — all have come down to information .
In the last energy crisis in the 1970s , I wrote a book called New Energy together with Bettina Conner , a colleague at the Institute for Policy Studies .
At that time , there was a move in Congress to make knowledge of oil reserves transparent .
My book includes an excerpt from the Joint Economic Committee of the Congress in its investigation of the energy crisis in 1974 .
That report said :
The lack of accurate , well - analyzed data regarding energy sources and uses has placed the United States government in a ludicrous position .
When those officials directly charged with administering energy policy are unable to determine accurately the extent of the present fuel shortage or to estimate reliably its potential impact on the economy .
Nor can they determine fuel production costs with anything approaching the degree of accuracy necessary to administer the price control program .
The government knows almost nothing about the extent of the vast mineral fuel resources contained in public lands .
Tax policy formulation is hampered by the lack of analysis of existing special tax provisos for mineral fuel extraction and consequent ignorance of their impact .
William Simon , Nixon ’s administrator of the Federal Energy Office , acknowledged the situation before the joint economic committee in January 1974 when he declared , “ Let me say right at the outset that there has never been in existence an adequate energy data system …
Today and in the years ahead we need better data on everything from reserves to refinery operations to inventories …
Data we can check , verify , and cross check . ”
Despite all the study and debate , the Congress never did anything to remedy the situation .
The late Wisconsin Democratic senator Gaylord Nelson introduced legislation to create independent public libraries of basic information .
Under his bill , failure to make public such details would make officials liable to prison sentences and fines .
The legislation was bottled up in committee and died a silent death at the hands of powerful energy interests in Congress .
Then there was a move to establish a Federal Energy Corporation to conduct research on alternative energy and new uses of fossil fuels .
This Federal Energy Corporation would have been empowered to gather and decipher data on oil and gas holdings , and even produce a limited amount of oil and gas itself , for our strategic reserve .
The government would control no more than 20 percent of total oil from public territories offered for leasing , and would be a supplier of last resort .
In effect , it would act as a yardstick against which to measure the private petroleum industry .
It would be a hedge against the unrestrained power of this industry , which periodically gouges the American public at the pump , even though the public owns the very oil and gas it is buying from these companies .
Needless to say , that initiative , too , died a sudden death .
In the 1970s these measures may have failed ; today they would never even be proposed .
Set against the national debate that took place four decades ago , the current discussion in Congress and the proposed remedies , the passive stance of Obama and his administration , are extraordinary .
It seems like our members of Congress do n’t know recent American history — or , when it comes to the older members , even remember it .
But they seem to know , by instinct , well that adage from the Italian novel : “ If we want everything to stay the same , everything must change . ”
This post first appeared on the Unsilent Generation blog .
Prepare to experience a riveting high - definition gaming experience with ATI Radeon HD 5830 graphics processor .
Expand your visual real estate across up to three displays and get lost in the action with revolutionary ATI Eyefinity Technology .
Using ATI
Stream technology , accelerate even the most demanding applications and do more than ever with your PC .
Delivering full support for Microsoft DirectX 11 , these GPUs enable rich , realistic visuals and explosive HD gaming performance so you can dominate the competition .
AMD Eyefinity TechnologySupporting multiple independent display outputs simultaneously , AMD Eyefinity technology delivers innovative graphics display capabilities enabling massive desktop workspaces and ultra-immersive visual environments for the ultimate panoramic computing experience .
AMD Eyefinity TechnologySupporting multiple independent display outputs simultaneously , AMD Eyefinity technology delivers innovative graphics display capabilities enabling massive desktop workspaces and ultra-immersive visual environments for the ultimate panoramic computing experience .
Microsoft DirectX 11
The very latest in high - speed , high - fidelity gaming and computing , Microsoft DirectX 11 featuring new technologies like Compute Shaders , Direct2D , Multithreaded Rendering and Tessellation enables not just more visually stunning games , but significant performance improvements in some of your favorite websites and everyday applications .
Microsoft DirectX 11
The very latest in high - speed , high - fidelity gaming and computing , Microsoft DirectX 11 featuring new technologies like Compute Shaders , Direct2D , Multithreaded Rendering and Tessellation enables not just more visually stunning games , but significant performance improvements in some of your favorite websites and everyday applications .
Image Quality Enhancement TechnologyATI
Radeon HD 5830 GPU supports advanced AA ( anti-aliasing ) features to maximize your enjoyment of high definition gaming , including up to 24 x multi-sample and super - sample anti-aliasing modes , adaptive anti-aliasing , 16 x angle independent anisotropic texture filtering and 128 - bit floating point HDR rendering .
Image Quality Enhancement TechnologyATI
Radeon HD 5830 GPU supports advanced AA ( anti-aliasing ) features to maximize your enjoyment of high definition gaming , including up to 24 x multi-sample and super - sample anti-aliasing modes , adaptive anti-aliasing , 16 x angle independent anisotropic texture filtering and 128 - bit floating point HDR rendering .
ATI Stream TechnologyATI
Stream technology is a set of advanced hardware and software technologies that enable AMD graphics processors ( GPUs ) , working in concert with the system ’s central processors ( CPUs ) , to accelerate enabled applications beyond traditional graphics and video processing .
This enables balanced platforms to run computationally - intensive tasks more efficiently , providing a better application experience to the end user .
ATI Stream TechnologyATI
Stream technology is a set of advanced hardware and software technologies that enable AMD graphics processors ( GPUs ) , working in concert with the system ’s central processors ( CPUs ) , to accelerate enabled applications beyond traditional graphics and video processing .
This enables balanced platforms to run computationally - intensive tasks more efficiently , providing a better application experience to the end user .
ATI Avivo HDIntegrated into ATI Radeon HD 5000 series graphics processors , ATI Avivo HD includes a broad set of capabilities for advanced HD image processing , delivering flawless smooth HD video playback with hardware - based Unified Video Decoding 2.2 ( UVD 2.2 ) capability .
ATI Avivo HD also introduces a new era in PC to CE connectivity with built - in HDMI and 7.1 surround audio , which enables a truly easy , one - cable connection to your big - screen TV or home theater receiver .
ATI Avivo HDIntegrated into ATI Radeon HD 5000 series graphics processors , ATI Avivo HD includes a broad set of capabilities for advanced HD image processing , delivering flawless smooth HD video playback with hardware - based Unified Video Decoding 2.2 ( UVD 2.2 ) capability .
ATI Avivo HD also introduces a new era in PC to CE connectivity with built - in HDMI and 7.1 surround audio , which enables a truly easy , one - cable connection to your big - screen TV or home theater receiver .
AMD CrossFireX Multi-GPU TechnologyAMD
CrossFireX is the ultimate multi-GPU performance gaming platform , enabling two or more discrete graphics processors to work together for boosted system performance and a breakthrough gaming experience .
AMD CrossFireX Multi-GPU TechnologyAMD
CrossFireX is the ultimate multi-GPU performance gaming platform , enabling two or more discrete graphics processors to work together for boosted system performance and a breakthrough gaming experience .
The Iranian woman whose sentence of death by stoning was commuted to hanging after an international campaign , today sent a message from inside Tabriz prison calling for further support so that she might be reunited with her children .
Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani , a 43 - year - old mother of two , said she thinks of nothing other than hugging her children and that she was mentally broken when authorities flogged her 99 times in front of her then 17 - year - old son , Sajad .
She thanked the world for launching the campaign for her release but said part of her " heart is frozen " .
" Every night before I go to sleep , I think who would throw stones at me ? " , she said .
The message was read by Mina Ahadi , of the Iran Committee against Stoning ( ICAS ) , at a press conference in Conway Hall , in London , this morning .
" Put Sakineh 's picture beside Neda Agha - Soltan 's and do n't let Iran repeat what it did with Neda again with Sakineh , " said Ahadi , an Iranian human rights activist .
Agha -Soltan was shot to death in the aftermath of Iran 's disputed election in June 2009 and became a symbol of Iran 's post-election rebellion .
Yesterday , Iran allowed Mohammadi Ashtiani 's family to have a full contact visit with her in the prison .
" When I told her about the world 's support for her , that the world does n't think she has done any crime even if she had had an adulterous relationship , I had the feeling that once again she regained her honour ... after all those humiliations from the Iranian officials , " Sajad , now 22 , said .
After weeks of imposing a media blackout over Mohammadi Ashtiani , Iran 's state - run TV broadcast a report this week that tried to link her campaigners to " the west and Israel " , and accused them of calling for the release of someone who had been convicted of murder .
At the conference , ICAS presented a document showing Mohammadi Ashtiani had in fact been convicted of adultery .
She was originally sentenced to 99 lashes , but her case was reopened when a court in Tabriz suspected her of murdering her husband .
She was acquitted , but the adultery charge was reviewed and the death by stoning sentence handed down on the basis of " judge 's knowledge " .
The documents provided by ICAS show that two of five judges who investigated Mohammadi Ashtiani 's case concluded that there was no forensic evidence of adultery .
" It 's shocking , she 's sentenced to death by stoning because three judges think , just think , that you had an illicit relationship outside marriage , " said Maryam Namazie of the ICAS .
This week , Iran issued an arrest warrant for Mohammad Mostafaei , the lawyer who volunteered to represent Mohammadi Ashtiani .
Mostafaei has gone into hiding , but Iran has taken his relativeshostage to force him to reappear .
The Guardian has learned that Mostafaei is safe and plans to publish an open letter to Tehran 's prosecutor .
ICAS also issued a warning over the case of Mariam Ghorbanzadeh , 25 , whose stoning sentence was commuted to hanging this week .
Ghorbanzadeh is pregnant and human rights activists believe that Iranian authorities are putting pressure on her in prison in the hope that she miscarries .
They would then be allowed to execute her .
The Coast Guard said “ thanks , but no thanks ” to the superskimmer “ A Whale ” Friday , as the 1,100 foot - long converted iron ore freighter failed to make a sizeable dent in the Gulf oil spill during a 24 - hour testing period .
Brought to the Gulf by Taiwanese shipping magnate Nobu Su to help sop up the vast blanket of oil covering parts of the Gulf , the massive A Whale held a tantalizing promise for Americans frustrated by the slow pace of the spill clean - up .
Under ideal conditions , the ship 's owners said , the A Whale could gather more oil in a day than all the other skimmers on the Gulf combined .
In reality , the A Whale gathered a " negligible " amount of oil over a 24 - hour period while nearly 600 smaller skimmers sucked up 25,551 barrels of oily water and recovered 12,800 barrels near the source of the spill .
IN PICTURES : The Gulf oil spill 's impact on nature
" While its stature is impressive , ' A Whale ' is not ideally suited to the needs of this response , " Coast Guard Admiral Paul Zukunft told the Wall Street Journal .
The A Whale 's failed cruise reaffirmed the Coast Guard strategy of using a fleet of smaller vessels to corral the vast spill .
But the failure of the ship to collect a lot of oil , however , also raised new questions about BP 's controversial use of kerosene dispersants at the source of the spill .
While those dispersants break down oil , making it easier for microbes to consume it in the open sea , that tactic also has unknown impacts in the deep Gulf while making it harder for ships to collect oil on the surface .
That difficulty was compounded for a ship the size of the A Whale , which used 12 large intake ducts to vacuum across the sea surface .
" This ship demonstrated that it can bring substantial volumes of capacity to bear in addressing oil spills quickly and with great maneuverability , " says TMT Offshore spokesman Bob Grantham .
" That said , the particular conditions present in the Macondo spill did not afford the vessel to recover a significant amount of oil … due to the highly dispersed nature of the oil in the Gulf . "
The ship , manned by an all - Indian crew , was converted in Portugal over a 10 - day period in June and then made its way to the Gulf .
Early tests were hampered by large waves .
Although the ship was the only vessel collecting oil during a period of stormy weather , the amounts ultimately did n't justify the expense .
Mr. Su , the ship 's owner , did n't regret his attempt to help the Gulf oil spill relief effort .
" We intend to put what we have learned to good use as part of a global solution to oil spill response , " he said in a statement .
Dennis Bryant , a maritime consultant in Gainesville , Fla. , told the Monitor last month that the A Whale design could be effective in an Exxon Valdez type spill , where heavy crude collects on the surface and in a smaller geographical area .
IN PICTURES : The Gulf oil spill 's impact on nature
Related :
Oil spill : more tests after slightly low pressure readings
Oil skimmer A
Whale gets some tweaks in bid to work the BP oil spill
Sam Stosur has kept alive her dream of ending Australia ’s title drought at the French Open by fending off world No.1 Serena Williams in a three - set thriller overnight .
The Queenslander looked to have butchered her chance of toppling the American when she wobbled while serving out the second set and allowed the 12 - time major winner back in their epic quarter - final clash .
Winner ... Samantha Stosur Credit : Reuters
But the 26 - year - old produced two stunning passing shots late in the deciding set to break Williams 's serve before going on to win 6 - 2 6 - 7 ( 2 - 7 ) 8 - 6 in two hours and 24 minutes .
" When I got that next chance [ to serve it out ] at 7 - 6 , I was n’t going to let the same thing happen again , " she said .
gfrevenge is the first site where u can make $ 1,000 dollars for submitting your ex gf videos .
sheeeah ... the internet rules !!!
if you want to see the action ... scroll down .
if you want to make some money , click here
The syntax - rule macro system of R5RS does not seem to scale beyond simple macros .
It is very difficult to write macros that compose , to assemble complex macros from already written and tested components .
The previous approaches to composable syntax - rules are heavy , notationally and computationally .
This article presents an alternative , lightweight style of writing composable syntax - rules , based on the CK abstract machine .
We demonstrate recursive , higher - order applicative macros defined in the style that looks like that of ML or ( strict ) Haskell .
We write composable , call - by - value -- like macros without resorting to the continuation - passing - style and thus requiring no macro - level lambda .
The syntax remains direct - style , with nested applications .
Syntax - rules are difficult to compose because of their evaluation order : the arguments of a macro-invocation are not expanded .
That per se does not preclude functional composition since the normal - order lambda - calculus or non-strict languages like Haskell do not evaluate arguments of a function application either .
However , lambda - calculus has first - class anonymous abstractions ;
Haskell also has the case form that forces evaluation of an expression , to the extent needed to choose among the pattern - match clauses .
Syntax - rules have none of these compensating features .
Generally , a syntax - rule cannot obtain the result of the expansion of its argument expression .
The article on Systematic Macro Programming on this page explains the composability problem in detail .
So far , the only way out has been to effectively change the evaluation order by writing macros in the continuation - passing style ( CPS ) .
However , CPS code is hard to read .
Furthermore , building continuations requires the notation for first - class , preferably anonymous syntax - rule abstractions .
Although the latter are possible to emulate , the result is stylistically ugly and computationally expensive .
Some macro expanders take the shocking amount of time and memory to expand CPS macros with anonymous abstractions .
This project was inspired by the question posed by Dan Friedman in March 2009 :
Write the macro permute that takes any number of arguments and returns the list of their permutations :
( permute a b c ) == > ( ( a b c ) ( b a c ) ( b c a ) ( a c b ) ( c a b ) ( c b a ) )
The order of the entries in the list is immaterial .
One should write permute without resorting to CPS .
perm :: [ a ] -> [ [ a ] ] perm [ ] = [ [ ] ] perm ( h:t ) = concatMap ( ins h ) ( perm t ) ins :: a -> [ a ] -> [ [ a ] ] ins x [ ] = [ [ x ] ] ins x ( h :t ) = ( x : h :t ) : map ( h : ) ( ins x t )
Our macros are written in a CK style .
We distinguish values , which are always quoted like ' ( 1 2 3 ) , from general applicative expressions such as ( c - append ' ( 1 ) ( c-cons ' 2 ' ( 3 4 ) ) ) , which may contain nested applications .
Values are regarded as results of the CK evaluation .
Here is the first example , of the CK - style macro cons :
( define - syntax c-cons ( syntax - rules ( quote ) ( ( c - cons s 'h 't ) ( ck s '(h . t ) ) ) ) )
s
s
ck
s
ck
s
c-cons
We now demonstrate recursion and functional composition , or nested application .
We define a macro c-append , using the just defined c-cons .
( define - syntax c-append ( syntax - rules ( quote ) ( ( c - append s '( ) ' l2 ) ( ck s ' l2 ) ) ( ( c - append s ' (h . t ) ' l2 ) ( ck s ( c - cons 'h ( c - append 't ' l2 ) ) ) ) ) )
append [ ] l2 = l2 append ( h:t ) l2 = h : ( append t l2 )
At the heart of the CK style is the CK abstract machine , which focuses and re-focuses an applicative expression , relying on user - defined CK - macros for ( primitive ) reductions .
The machine is implemented as a syntax - rule ck .
It operates on the stack ( the first argument to all CK macros ) built out of the frames ( op va ... [ ] ea ... ) , represented as ( ( op va ... ) ea ... ) in the code below .
Here op is the name of a CK - macro to do the reduction ; zero or more va must all be values ; zero or more ea are arbitrary expressions .
( define - syntax ck ( syntax - rules ( quote ) ( ( ck ( ) ' v ) v ) ; yield the value on empty stack ( ( ck ( ( ( op ... ) ea ... ) . s ) ' v ) ; re-focus on the other argument , ea ( ck s " arg " ( op ... ' v ) ea ... ) ) ( ( ck s " arg " ( op va ... ) ) ; all arguments are evaluated , ( op s va ... ) ) ; do the redex ( ( ck s " arg " ( op ... ) 'v ea1 ... ) ; optimization when the first ea ( ck s " arg " ( op ... ' v ) ea1 ... ) ) ; was already a value ( ( ck s " arg " ( op ... ) ea ea1 ... ) ; focus on ea , to evaluate it ( ck ( ( ( op ... ) ea1 ... ) . s ) ea ) ) ( ( ck s ( op ea ... ) ) ;
Focus : handle an application ; ( ck s " arg " ( op ) ea ... ) ) ; check if args are values ) )
We get the ball rolling by expanding ( ck ( ) exp ) to evaluate the CK - expression exp on the empty initial stack .
The Scheme expression ( ck ( ) ( c- append ' ( 1 2 3 ) ' ( 4 5 ) ) ) will hopefully macro-expands to ( 1 2 3 4 5 ) , which the Scheme expression evaluator will try to evaluate , reporting the error since 1 is not a procedure .
To see the result of just the macro- expansion , without any further evaluations , we should quote it :
( define - syntax c-quote ( syntax - rules ( quote ) ( ( c - quote s ' x ) ( ck s ''x ) ) ) )
( ck ( ) ( c-quote ( c- append ' ( 1 2 3 ) ' ( 4 5 ) ) ) ) ; ==> ( 1 2 3 4 5 )
A higher - order map macro takes as the first , non- s , argument a closure to apply to each element of the list given in the second argument .
( define - syntax c-map ( syntax - rules ( quote ) ( ( c - map s 'f '( ) ) ( ck s '( ) ) ) ( ( c-map s '( f ... ) '(h . t ) ) ( ck s ( c-cons ( f ... 'h ) ( c-map '( f ... ) ' t ) ) ) ) ) )
( ck ( ) ( c-quote ( c-map '( c-cons ' 10 ) '( ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) ) ) ) ) ; ==> ( ( 10 1 ) ( 10 2 ) ( 10 3 ) ( 10 4 ) )
concatMap
( define - syntax c-concatMap ( syntax - rules ( quote ) ( ( c- concatMap s 'f '( ) ) ( ck s '( ) ) ) ( ( c-concatMap s '(f ... ) ' (h . t ) ) ( ck s ( c- append ( f ... 'h ) ( c-concatMap '( f ... ) ' t ) ) ) ) ) ) ( ck ( ) ( c-quote ( c-concatMap '( c-cons ' 10 ) ' ( ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) ) ) ) ) ; ==> ( 10 1 10 2 10 3 10 4 )
We have defined enough of the syntax - rule list processing library to solve Dan Friedman 's problem :
( define - syntax c- perm ( syntax - rules ( quote ) ( ( c - perm s '( ) ) ( ck s ' ( ( ) ) ) ) ( ( c - perm s ' (h . t ) ) ( ck s ( c - concatMap ' ( c-ins 'h ) ( c - perm ' t ) ) ) ) ) ) ( define - syntax c-ins ( syntax - rules ( quote ) ( ( c-ins s 'x '( ) ) ( ck s '( (x ) ) ) ) ( ( c - ins s 'x ' (h . t ) ) ( ck s ( c- cons '( x h . t ) ( c - map '( c - cons 'h ) ( c-ins 'x ' t ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ;
The following macro is a syntactic sugar to invoke c-perm ( define - syntax perm ( syntax - rules ( ) ( ( perm . args ) ( ck ( ) ( c- quote ( c - perm ' args ) ) ) ) ) )
( perm 1 2 3 ) ; == > ( ( 1 2 3 ) ( 2 1 3 ) ( 2 3 1 ) ( 1 3 2 ) ( 3 1 2 ) ( 3 2 1 ) )
Tufts University researchers in the School of Arts and Sciences have pinpointed a key cellular protein that repairs damaged DNA molecules but may also promote the development of cancer .
Assistant Professor of Biology Mitch McVey and his research team report that DNA polymerase theta , or PolQ , promotes an inaccurate repair process , which can ultimately cause mutations , cell death or cancer .
The research is published in the July 1 edition of the open- access journal PLoS Genetics .
" Although scientists have known for several years that the PolQ protein is somehow related to the development of cancer , its exact cellular role has been difficult to pin down , " says McVey .
" Our finding that it acts during inaccurate DNA repair could have implications for biologists who study genomic changes associated with cancer . "
DNA is a double stranded molecule shaped like a spiral staircase .
Its two strands are linked together by nucleotides -- guanine , cytosine , adenine and thymine -- that naturally complement one another .
Under normal conditions , a guanine matches with a cytosine , and an adenine with a thymine .
How DNA Double - Strand Breaks Are Repaired
But during the course of a cell 's life , the staircase can become severed into two molecules .
These breaks must be repaired if the cells are to accurately replicate and pass on their genetic material .
Most breaks are quickly and accurately fixed during the process of homologous recombination ( HR ) , which uses an intact copy of DNA as a template for repair .
advertisement
However , there is a second , error - prone process called end - joining repair .
Here , the broken , double - stranded ends are stitched back together without regard to the original sequence .
The ends of the broken strands may be altered by removal or addition of small DNA segments , which can change the genomic architecture .
In a previous paper , McVey and doctoral student Amy Marie
Yu were able to demonstrate an alternative form of end - joining by studying how repair proceeds in the absence of DNA ligase 4 , an important protein that links together two broken DNA ends .
After analyzing hundreds of inaccurately repaired breaks in the fruit fly Drosophila melanogaster the scientists observed two things .
One , extra nucleotides were often inserted into the DNA strands at the point of the break .
Second , the insertions were closely related to the original DNA sequences directly adjacent to the break .
Polymerase Theta 's Role in DNA Repair and Cancer
In the current PLoS Genetics paper , McVey , Yu and undergraduate Sze Ham Chan showed that polymerase theta plays a dominant role in this alternative repair process .
First , it reads the genetic material in DNA adjacent to the break and makes a copy of it .
The newly copied DNA can then be used as a molecular splint that holds the broken ends together until they can be permanently joined .
In addition , the scientists speculated that the PolQ protein also has the ability to unwind DNA sequences near a break , thereby facilitating alternative end - joining .
Other research groups have previously shown that levels of the PolQ protein are higher in several types of human tumors .
McVey and his team are currently working to determine if a PolQ - dependent type of alternative end - joining is involved in the development of cancer in people .
If this is indeed the case , the PolQ protein could represent a novel target for the development of new cancer drugs .
" Our first goal is to determine which parts of PolQ are required for its role in alternative end - joining , " McVey says .
" This will give us a road map for determining how its activity might be altered in a clinical setting . "
This work was funded by grants from the National Science Foundation and the Ellison Medical Foundation .
The first major independent review of criticisms of the global assessment of climate change led by the United Nations declared today that it found " no errors that would undermine the main conclusions " of the panel of international scientists that climate change will have serious consequences around the world .
However the Dutch panel of experts claims it found 12 errors - from a criticism of the number of people in Africa at risk of water shortages to mistakes in references or typing .
It also suggested the summary version of the report had portrayed an over - dramatic picture by putting the emphasis on negative impacts of climate change , and it failed to explain some of the threats were not only driven by climate change .
Among several recommendations , it said the UN's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , paid for by governments including the UK and Netherlands , should in future pay researchers to review the report in more detail .
The report was officially welcomed by the IPCC and scientists who worked on the last assessment report , published in 2007 , however only a small number of the " errors " have been corrected .
The remaining errors were not accepted by the scientists , said Professor Martin Parry , who was co-chair of the section of the report that was under scrutiny .
" The conclusions are not undermined by any errors , and we'd like that to be the message the world will take , " said Parry .
" [ They found ] a very small number of near - trivial errors in about 500 pages [ and ] probably 100,000 statements .
I would say that 's pretty good going . "
The scientists also rejected the potentially more damaging complaint that the IPCC's Summary for Policy Makers report , which condenses eight chapters on regional impacts to a single page of 32 statements , ignored positive impacts such as the ability to grow new crops in some parts of the world , or opening of shorter Arctic sea routes .
The summary , vetted " line by line " by governments , highlights the biggest impacts on humans and the environment which need political attention , said Parry .
Positive benefits tended to be local and relatively small , said Professor David Vaughan of the British Antarctic Survey , a lead coordinating author of the next IPCC assessment .
The agency was asked to examine eight chapters about the regions in the 500 - page section on global impacts put together by Working Group II , which itself formed half of the full 1,000 - page IPCC assessment .
One " minor inaccuracy " the Dutch panel said it found was an estimate of people in Africa who could be exposed to water stress , which they said should be narrowed from 75 m - 250 m to 90 m - 220 m .
However Professor Nigel Arnell , the source of the data , said although the underlying models could have been added differently , to recalculate the total would be to " over - interpret " the data by suggesting a level of accuracy the IPCC does not claim .
As well as the 12 errors , the Dutch reviewers made 23 criticisms of the " quality " of statements .
These ranged from failure to explain that forecast water stress and heat deaths also had other causes such as population growth , to pointing out a link to underlying research did not work .
Arnell said the IPCC report " repeatedly stresses " its estimates of numbers are a comparison to what would happen if forecast climate change did not happen .
Despite rejecting many criticisms in the Dutch report , the IPCC has employed more reviewers for the fifth assessment , and should consider other changes , including paying scientists to make sure every line of the report is scrutinised before it is published , said Parry .
The Dutch government asked the environment agency to investigate the IPCC report after international controversy about two mistakes in the 2007 assessment : the date by which Himalaya glaciers were expected to melt , and a claim that 55 % of the Netherlands is below the sea level .
The agency report admits this mistake was based on information it provided and says the real figure was 29 % .
29th July 2010 , 09:06 am
The zipper is an efficient and elegant data structure for purely functional editing of tree - like data structures , first published by Gérard Huet .
Zippers maintain a location of focus in a tree and support navigation operations ( up , down , left , right ) and editing ( replace current focus ) .
The original zipper type and operations are customized for a single type , but it ’s not hard to see how to adapt to other tree - like types , and hence to regular data types .
There have been many follow - up papers to The Zipper , including a polytypic version in the paper Type - indexed data types .
All of the zipper adaptations and generalizations I ’ve seen so far maintain the original navigation interface .
In this post , I propose an alternative interface that appears to significantly simplify matters .
There are only two navigation functions instead of four , and each of the two is specified and implemented via a fairly simple one - liner .
I have n’t used this new zipper formulation in an application yet , so I do not know whether some usefulness has been lost in simplifying the interface .
The code in this blog post is taken from the Haskell library functor - combo and completes the Holey type class introduced in Differentiation of higher - order types .
Edits :
2010 -07 - 29 : Removed some stray Just applications in up definitions .
( Thanks , illissius . )
applications in definitions .
( Thanks , illissius . )
2010 -07 - 29 : Augmented my complicated definition of tweak2 with a much simpler version from Sjoerd Visscher .
with a much simpler version from Sjoerd Visscher .
2010 -07 - 29 : Replaced fmap ( first ( : ds ' ) ) with ( fmap.first ) ( : ds ' ) in down definitions .
( Thanks , Sjoerd . )
Extraction
The post Differentiation of higher - order types gave part of a type class for one - hole contexts ( functor derivatives ) and the filling of those contexts :
class Functor f ⇒ Holey f where type Der f :: * → * fillC :: Der f a → a → f a
The arguments of fillC correspond roughly to the components of what Gérard Huet called a “ location ” , namely context and something to fill the context :
type Loc f a =
( Der f a , a )
So an alternative hole - filling interface is
fill :: Holey f ⇒ Loc f a → f a fill = uncurry fillC
Now consider a reverse operation , a kind of extraction :
guess1 :: f a → Loc f a
There ’s an awkward problem here .
What if f a has more than one possible hole , or has no hole at all ?
If more than one , then which do we pick ?
Perhaps the left - most .
If none , then we might want to have a failure representation , e.g. ,
guess2 :: f a → Maybe ( Loc f a )
To handle the more - than - one possibility , we could add another method for traversing the various extractions , like the go_right operation in The Zipper , section 2.2 .
I do n’t know what changes we ’d have to make to the Loc type .
We could instead use a list of possible extractions .
guess3 :: f a → [ Loc f a ]
Why a list ?
I guess because it ’s in our habitual functional toolbox , and it covers any number of alternative extracted locations .
On the other hand , our toolbox is growing , and sometimes list is n’t the best functor for the job .
For instance , we might use a finger tree , which has better performance for some sequence operations .
Or we could a functor closer at hand , namely f itself .
class Functor f ⇒ Holey f where type Der f :: * → * fillC :: Der f a → a → f a extract :: f a → f ( Loc f a )
For instance , when f ≡ [ ] , extract returns a list of extractions ; and when f ≡
Id :*:
Id , extract returns a pair of extractions .
How to extract
A constant functor has void derivative .
Extraction yields another constant structure , with the same data but a different type :
instance Holey ( Const x ) where type Der ( Const x ) = Void fillC = voidF extract ( Const x ) = Const x
The identity functor has exactly one opportunity for a hole , leaving no information behind :
instance Holey
Id where type Der Id = Unit fillC ( Const ( ) ) =
Id extract ( Id a ) = Id ( Const ( ) , a )
The definitions of Der and fillC above and below are lifted directly from Differentiation of higher - order types .
For sums , there are two cases : InL fa , InR ga :: ( f :+ : g ) a .
Starting with the first case :
InL fa :: ( f :+ : g ) a fa :: f a extract fa :: f ( Loc f a ) :: f ( Der f a , a ) ( fmap.first ) InL ( extract fa ) :: f ( ( Der f :+ : Der g ) a , a ) :: f ( ( Der ( f :+ : g ) a ) , a )
See Semantic editor combinators for an explanation of ( fmap.first ) friends .
Continuing , apply the definition of Der on sums :
InL ( ( fmap.first ) InL ( extract fa ) ) :: ( f :+: g ) ( ( Der ( f :+ : g ) a ) , a ) :: ( f :+ : g ) ( Loc ( f :+ : g ) a )
The two steps that introduce g are motivated by the required type of extract .
Similarly , for the second case :
InR ( ( fmap.first ) InR ( extract ga ) ) :: ( f :+ : g ) ( Loc ( f :+ : g ) a )
So ,
instance ( Holey f , Holey g ) ⇒ Holey ( f :+ : g ) where type Der ( f :+ : g ) = Der f :+ :
Der g fillC ( InL df ) = InL ∘ fillC df fillC ( InR df ) = InR ∘ fillC df extract ( InL fa ) = InL ( ( fmap.first ) InL ( extract fa ) ) extract ( InR ga ) = InR ( ( fmap.first ) InR ( extract ga ) )
For products , recall the derivative type :
type Der ( f :*: g ) = Der f :* : g :+ : f :*: Der g
To extract from a product , we extract from either component and then pair with the other component .
The form of an argument to extract is
fa :*: ga :: ( f :*: g ) a
Again , start with the left part :
fa :: f a extract fa :: f ( Loc f a ) :: f ( Der f a , a ) ( fmap.first ) ( :* : ga ) ( extract fa ) :: f ( ( Der f :* : g ) a , a ) ( fmap. first ) ( InL ∘ ( :* : ga ) ) ( extract fa ) :: f ( (( Der f :* : g ) :+: ( f :*: Der g ) ) a , a ) :: f ( ( Der ( f :* : g ) ) a , a )
Similarly , for the second component ,
( fmap.first ) ( InR ∘ ( fa :*: ) ) ( extract ga ) :: g ( ( Der ( f :* : g ) ) a , a )
Combining the two extraction routes :
( fmap.first ) ( InL ∘ ( :* : ga ) ) ( extract fa ) :*: ( fmap.first ) ( InR ∘ ( fa :*: ) ) ( extract ga ) :: ( f :*: g ) ( Der ( f :* : g ) a , a )
So ,
instance ( Holey f , Holey g ) ⇒ Holey ( f :*: g ) where type Der ( f :*: g ) = Der f :* : g :+ : f :*: Der g fillC ( InL ( dfa :* : ga ) ) = ( :* : ga ) ∘ fillC dfa fillC ( InR ( fa :* : dga ) ) = ( fa :*:) ∘ fillC dga extract ( fa :* : ga ) = ( fmap. first ) ( InL ∘ ( :* : ga ) ) ( extract fa ) :*: ( fmap.first ) ( InR ∘ ( fa :*: ) ) ( extract ga )
Finally , the chain rule , for functor composition :
type Der ( g :. f ) = Der g :. f :*: Der f
A value of type ( g :. f ) a has form O gfa , where gfa :: g ( f a ) .
To extract :
form all g - extractions , yielding values of type fa :: f a and their contexts of type Der g ( f a ) ;
- extractions , yielding values of type and their contexts of type ; form all f - extractions of each such fa , yielding values of type a and their contexts of type Der f a ; and
- extractions of each such , yielding values of type and their contexts of type ; and reassemble these pieces into the shape determined by Der ( g :. f ) .
Let ’s go :
gfa :: g ( f a ) extract gfa :: g ( Loc g ( f a ) ) :: g ( Der g ( f a ) , f a ) fmap ( second extract ) ( extract gfa ) :: g ( Der g ( f a ) , f ( Loc f a ) )
Continuing , the following lemmas come in handy .
tweak2 :: Functor f ⇒ ( dg ( f a ) , f ( df a , a ) ) → f ( ( ( dg :. f ) :*: df ) a , a ) tweak2 = ( fmap.first ) chainRule ∘ tweak1 tweak1 :: Functor f ⇒ ( dg ( fa ) , f ( dfa , a ) ) → f ( ( dg ( fa ) , dfa ) , a ) tweak1 = fmap lassoc ∘ squishP squishP :: Functor f ⇒ ( a , f b ) → f ( a , b ) squishP ( a , fb ) = fmap ( a , ) fb chainRule :: ( dg ( f a ) , df a ) → ( ( dg :. f ) :*: df ) a chainRule ( dgfa , dfa ) = O dgfa :*: dfa lassoc :: ( p , ( q , r ) ) → ( ( p , q ) , r ) lassoc ( p , ( q , r ) ) = ( ( p , q ) , r )
Edit : Sjoerd Visscher found a much simpler form to replace the previous group of definitions :
tweak2 ( dgfa , fl ) = ( fmap.first ) ( O dgfa :*:)
fl
More specifically ,
tweak2 :: Functor f =>
( Der g ( f a ) , f ( Loc f a ) ) -> f ( (( Der g :. f ) :*: Der f ) a , a ) :: Functor f =>
( Der g ( f a ) , f ( Loc f a ) ) -> f ( Der ( g :. f ) a , a ) :: Functor f =>
( Der g ( f a ) , f ( Loc f a ) ) -> f ( Loc ( g :. f ) a )
This lemma gives just what we need to tweak the inner extraction :
fmap ( tweak2 ∘ second extract ) ( extract gfa ) :: g ( f ( Loc ( g :. f ) a ) )
So
extractGF :: ( Holey f , Holey g ) ⇒ g ( f a ) → g ( f ( Loc ( g :. f ) a ) ) extractGF = fmap ( tweak2 ∘ second extract ) ∘ extract
and
instance ( Holey f , Holey g ) ⇒ Holey ( g :. f ) where type Der ( g :. f ) = Der g :. f :*:
Der f fillC ( O dgfa :* : dfa ) =
O ∘ fillC dgfa ∘ fillC dfa extract = inO extractGF
where inO is from Control .
Compose , and is defined using the ideas from Prettier functions for wrapping and wrapping and the notational improvement from Matt Hellige ’s Pointless fun .
-- | Apply a unary function within the ' O ' constructor .
inO :: ( g ( f a ) → g ' ( f ' a' ) ) → ( ( g :. f ) a → ( g ' :. f ' ) a ' ) inO = unO ~> O infixr 1 ~> -- |
Add pre- and post processing ( ~ > ) :: ( a' → a ) → ( b → b ' ) → ( ( a → b ) → ( a ' → b ' ) ) ( f ~> h ) g = h ∘ g ∘ f
In case you ’re wondering , these definitions did not come to me effortlessly .
I sweated through the derivation , guided always by my intuition and the necessary types , as determined by the shape of Der ( g :. f ) .
The type - checker helped me get from one step to the next .
I do a lot of type - directed derivations of this style while I program in Haskell , with the type - checker checking each step for me .
I ’d love to have mechanized help in creating these derivations , not just checking them .
Zippers
How does the Holey class relate to zippers ?
As in a few recent blog posts , let ’s use the fact that regular data types are isomorphic to fixed - points of functors .
Functor fixed - points are like function fixed points
fix f = f ( fix f ) type Fix f = f ( Fix f )
However , Haskell does n’t support recursive type synonyms , so use a newtype :
newtype Fix f = Fix { un Fix :: f ( Fix f ) }
A context for a functor fixed - point is either empty , if we ’re at the very top of an “ f - tree ” , or it ’s an f - context for f ( Fix f ) , and a parent context :
data Context f = TopC | Context ( Der f ( Fix f ) ) ( Context f ) -- first try
Hm .
On the outside , Context f looks like a list , so let ’s use a list instead :
type Context f = [ Der f ( Fix f ) ]
The location type we used above is
type Loc f a =
( Der f a , a )
Similarly , define a type of zippers ( also called “ locations ” ) for functor fixed - points :
type Zipper f = ( Context f , Fix f )
This Zipper type corresponds to a zipper , and has operations up and down .
The down motion can yield multiple results .
up :: Holey f ⇒ Zipper f → Zipper f down :: Holey f ⇒ Zipper f → f ( Zipper f )
Since down yields an f - collection of locations , we do not need sibling navigation functions ( left & right ) .
To move up in Zipper , strip off a derivative ( one - hole functor context ) and fill the hole with the current tree , leaving the other derivatives as the remaining fixed - point context .
Like so :
up :: Holey f ⇒ Zipper f → Zipper f up ( d:ds ' , t ) = ( ds ' , Fix ( fill ( d , t ) ) )
To see how the typing works out :
( d:ds ' , t ) :: Zipper f ( d:ds ' , t ) :: ( Context f , Fix f ) d:ds ' :: [ Der f ( Fix f ) ] t :: Fix f d :: Der f ( Fix f ) ds ' :: [ Der f ( Fix f ) ] fill :: Loc f b → f b fill :: ( Der f b , b ) → f b fill :: ( Der f ( Fix f ) , Fix f ) → f ( Fix f ) fill ( d , t ) : : f ( Fix f ) Fix ( fill ( d , t ) ) :: Fix f ( ds ' , Fix ( fill ( d , t ) ) ) :: ( Context f , Fix f ) :: Zipper f
Note that the up motion fails when at the top of a zipper ( empty context ) .
If desired , we can also provide an unfailing version ( really , a version with explictly typed failure ) :
up ' :: Holey f => Zipper f ->
Maybe ( Zipper f ) up ' ( [ ] , _ ) = Nothing up ' l = Just ( up l )
To move down in an f - tree t , form the extractions of t , each of which has a derivative and a sub - tree .
The derivative becomes part of an extended fixed - point context , and the sub - tree becomes the new sub - tree of focus .
down :: Holey f ⇒ Zipper f → f ( Zipper f ) down ( ds ' , t ) = ( fmap. first ) ( : ds ' ) ( extract ( un Fix t ) ) ( un Fix t ) )
The typing ( in case you ’re curious ) :
( ds ' , t ) :: Zipper f :: ( Context f , Fix f ) :: ( [ Der f ( Fix f ) ] , Fix f ) ds ' :: [ Der f ( Fix f ) ] t ::
Fix f un
Fix t :: f ( Fix f ) extract ( un Fix t ) :: f ( Der f ( Fix f ) , Fix f ) ( fmap.first ) ( : ds ' ) ( extract ( un Fix t ) ) :: ( [ Der f ( Fix f ) ] , Fix f ) :: ( Context f , Fix f ) :: LocFix f
Zipping back to regular data types
I like the ( functor ) fixed - point perspective on regular data types , for its austere formal simplicity .
It shows me the naked essence of regular data types , so I can more easily see and more deeply understand patterns like memoization , derivatives , and zippers .
For convenience and friendliness of use , I prefer working with regular types directly , rather than through the ( nearly ) isomorphic form of functor fixed - points .
While the fixed - point perspective is formalism - friendly , the pattern functor perspective is more user - friendly , allowing us to work with our familiar regular data as they are .
As in Elegant memoization with higher - order types , let ’s use the following class :
class Functor ( PF t ) ⇒ Regular t where type PF t :: * → * wrap :: PF t t → t unwrap :: t → PF t t
The idea is that a type t is isomorphic to Fix ( PF t ) , although really there may be more points of undefinedness in the fixed - point representation , so rather than an isomorphism , we have an embedding / projection pair .
The notions of context and location are similar to the ones above :
type Context t = [ Der ( PF t ) t ] type Zipper t = ( Context t , t )
So are the up and down motions , in which wrap and unwrap replace Fix and un Fix :
up :: ( Regular t , Holey ( PF t ) ) ⇒ Zipper t → Zipper t down :: ( Regular t , Holey ( PF t ) ) ⇒ Zipper t → PF t ( Zipper t ) up ( d:ds ' , t ) = ( ds ' , wrap ( fill ( d , t ) ) ) down ( ds ' , t ) = ( fmap. first ) ( : ds ' ) ( extract ( unwrap t ) )
The zipper is an efficient and elegant data structure for purely functional editing of tree - like data structures , first published by Gérard Huet .
Zippers maintain a location of focus in a ...
Want to start a startup ?
Get funded by Y Combinator .
July 2010
I realized recently that what one thinks about in the shower in the morning is more important than I 'd thought .
I knew it was a good time to have ideas .
Now I 'd go further : now I 'd say it 's hard to do a really good job on anything you do n't think about in the shower .
Everyone who 's worked on difficult problems is probably familiar with the phenomenon of working hard to figure something out , failing , and then suddenly seeing the answer a bit later while doing something else .
There 's a kind of thinking you do without trying to .
I 'm increasingly convinced this type of thinking is not merely helpful in solving hard problems , but necessary .
The tricky part is , you can only control it indirectly . [ 1 ]
I think most people have one top idea in their mind at any given time .
That 's the idea their thoughts will drift toward when they 're allowed to drift freely .
And this idea will thus tend to get all the benefit of that type of thinking , while others are starved of it .
Which means it 's a disaster to let the wrong idea become the top one in your mind .
What made this clear to me was having an idea I did n't want as the top one in my mind for two long stretches .
I 'd noticed startups got way less done when they started raising money , but it was not till we ourselves raised money that I understood why .
The problem is not the actual time it takes to meet with investors .
The problem is that once you start raising money , raising money becomes the top idea in your mind .
That becomes what you think about when you take a shower in the morning .
And that means other questions are n't .
I 'd hated raising money when I was running Viaweb , but I 'd forgotten why I hated it so much .
When we raised money for Y Combinator , I remembered .
Money matters are particularly likely to become the top idea in your mind .
The reason is that they have to be .
It 's hard to get money .
It 's not the sort of thing that happens by default .
It 's not going to happen unless you let it become the thing you think about in the shower .
And then you 'll make little progress on anything else you 'd rather be working on . [ 2 ]
( I hear similar complaints from friends who are professors .
Professors nowadays seem to have become professional fundraisers who do a little research on the side .
It may be time to fix that . )
The reason this struck me so forcibly is that for most of the preceding 10 years I 'd been able to think about what I wanted .
So the contrast when I could n't was sharp .
But I do n't think this problem is unique to me , because just about every startup I 've seen grinds to a halt when they start raising money — or talking to acquirers .
You can't directly control where your thoughts drift .
If you 're controlling them , they 're not drifting .
But you can control them indirectly , by controlling what situations you let yourself get into .
That has been the lesson for me : be careful what you let become critical to you .
Try to get yourself into situations where the most urgent problems are ones you want to think about .
You do n't have complete control , of course .
An emergency could push other thoughts out of your head .
But barring emergencies you have a good deal of indirect control over what becomes the top idea in your mind .
I 've found there are two types of thoughts especially worth avoiding — thoughts like the Nile Perch in the way they push out more interesting ideas .
One I 've already mentioned : thoughts about money .
Getting money is almost by definition an attention sink .
The other is disputes .
These too are engaging in the wrong way : they have the same velcro - like shape as genuinely interesting ideas , but without the substance .
So avoid disputes if you want to get real work done . [ 3 ]
Even Newton fell into this trap .
After publishing his theory of colors in 1672 he found himself distracted by disputes for years , finally concluding that the only solution was to stop publishing : I see I have made myself a slave to Philosophy , but if I get free of Mr Linus 's business I will resolutely bid adew to it eternally , excepting what I do for my privat satisfaction or leave to come out after me .
For I see a man must either resolve to put out nothing new or become a slave to defend it . [ 4 ] Linus and his students at Liege were among the more tenacious critics .
Newton 's biographer Westfall seems to feel he was overreacting : Recall that at the time he wrote , Newton 's " slavery " consisted of five replies to Liege , totalling fourteen printed pages , over the course of a year .
I 'm more sympathetic to Newton .
The problem was not the 14 pages , but the pain of having this stupid controversy constantly reintroduced as the top idea in a mind that wanted so eagerly to think about other things .
Turning the other cheek turns out to have selfish advantages .
Someone who does you an injury hurts you twice : first by the injury itself , and second by taking up your time afterward thinking about it .
If you learn to ignore injuries you can at least avoid the second half .
I 've found I can to some extent avoid thinking about nasty things people have done to me by telling myself : this does n't deserve space in my head .
I 'm always delighted to find I 've forgotten the details of disputes , because that means I had n't been thinking about them .
My wife thinks I 'm more forgiving than she is , but my motives are purely selfish .
I suspect a lot of people are n't sure what 's the top idea in their mind at any given time .
I 'm often mistaken about it .
I tend to think it 's the idea I 'd want to be the top one , rather than the one that is .
But it 's easy to figure this out : just take a shower .
What topic do your thoughts keep returning to ?
If it 's not what you want to be thinking about , you may want to change something .
Notes
[ 1 ] No doubt there are already names for this type of thinking , but I call it " ambient thought . "
[ 2 ] This was made particularly clear in our case , because neither of the funds we raised was difficult , and yet in both cases the process dragged on for months .
Moving large amounts of money around is never something people treat casually .
The attention required increases with the amount — maybe not linearly , but definitely monotonically .
[ 3 ] Corollary : Avoid becoming an administrator , or your job will consist of dealing with money and disputes .
[ 4 ] Letter to Oldenburg , quoted in Westfall , Richard , Life of Isaac Newton , p. 107 .
Thanks to Sam Altman , Patrick Collison , Jessica Livingston , and Robert Morris for reading drafts of this .
Over - speed training is a buzz term often associated having “ quick feet ” during a drill .
Simply put , over - speed training involves the execution of a skill at a higher tempo than the player is comfortable with .
Most players go on the ice and “ practice ” their skills at a pace they ’re comfortable with – this “ comfort zone ” is one of the biggest obstacles when it comes to developing as an athlete and player .
By staying within the player ’s comfort zone , there is a much slower progression of skills .
Over - speed training is a critical component of proper training , but must be used appropriately .
Properly phased over - speed training should look something like the following :
1 ) Learn the basics of the skill you ’re performing : become proficient ( technically ) in the skill you ’re working on .
This is the part where you spend hours honing your craft .
Do n’t overlook this phase , because poor techniques at the beginning will lead to poor techniques long - term .
Develop good habits , and practice the fundamentals .
2 ) Perform the skill at a pace outside your comfort zone : increase the tempo of your performance without a puck .
Begin executing the drills at a pace where you ’re outside your comfort zone .
Falling in this phase is OK – players must understand falling is part of their progression in this phase .
By spending a lot of time training at the increased tempo , players will eventually learn to control the bodies and skates to they ’re able to execute the skill naturally at a higher pace .
3 ) Perform the skill with a puck at your new level : adding the puck adds in additional challenges .
As players begin to become comfortable performing the techniques , adding the puck will force them to adjust other aspects of their skill to adapt to the new pace .
Emphasize to players it is OK to lose the puck or fall in this phase .
By consistently forcing players outside their comfort zone , their speed and level of play will continue to climb .
I would recommend making over - speed training part of every practice – you will be amazed at how much it will help your players improve !
Complacency and " general hopelessness " have been blamed for the failure of young British men as research reveals that underperformance in school and university is now creeping into their working lives .
A report published today by the Higher Education Policy Institute thinktank says male graduates are far more likely to be unemployed than their female counterparts .
Figures show that the economic downturn caused an increase in graduate unemployment from 11.1 % at the end of 2008 to 14 % by the end of last year .
But when the figures are broken down by sex a stark picture emerges of 17.2 % of young male graduates failing to find jobs compared to 11.2 % of women .
Now Carl Gilleard , chief executive of the Association of Graduate Recruiters , which represents more than 800 major " milk round " graduate employers , has warned that an affluent upbringing has left many UK male graduates with a " degree of complacency " .
He said there was a feeling among his members that British male graduates were being outperformed by women and competition from overseas when applying for jobs .
" When I talk to graduate recruiters about how impressive candidates applying for jobs are , I do pick up a sense that female graduates are a little more mature and focused , that they put together good applications , " said Gilleard .
He argued that a " relaxed " upbringing could be to blame : " One possible reason might be a degree of complacency because of an extensive period of growth in an affluent society and it may be that these male students think the fact they went to university is going to be enough to guarantee them the dream career .
That is n't the case .
I think women generally are more level - headed and sensible , " he said .
Gilleard , who will be speaking at the AGR annual conference this week , warned things will get worse for those without jobs when another cohort of graduates enters the market this summer .
" The class of 2010 are competing with the class of 2009 and it is going to be a feature of the graduate market until the economy really takes off again . "
The AGR has warned that a good degree is no longer enough to guarantee a career , saying that additional factors such as work experience and volunteering have become crucial .
Bahram Bekhradnia , the HEPI 's director , spoke of the " general hopelessness of young men " .
" The increase in unemployment that occurred between 2008 and 2009 is striking .
For those graduates who have not found work it is a personal tragedy – a really bad start to their working lives , " he said .
He pointed to forecasts that suggest women will dominate the professions within 15 years .
" That has all sorts of implications for things such as family creation , child - rearing and so on .
The situation in some countries is even more extreme .
An American woman told a conference I attended of the fury of black American women who found it impossible to form relationships with men of the same race with similar educational attainment because black American males were n't going to university .
" If you aspire to form relationships with people who have similar educational backgrounds then women will find that more difficult as this trend becomes accentuated . "
But he pointed to " one important caveat " revealed in the study : while men are finding it harder to get into the job market , once there they continue to achieve higher pay .
Today 's study reveals that male graduates starting work are paid on average 11 % , or £ 2,000 , more than women .
Three years on , the gap has widened to more than £ 4,000 , or 17 % .
Around half of the difference can be put down to subject choice , but the rest is unaccounted for and could indicate discriminatory forces .
Yesterday , the Fawcett Society , a women 's rights organisation , warned that the government 's emergency budget would hit women hardest .
They pointed out that women make up the bulk of public sector employees and rely more heavily on state support .
Nevertheless , the underachievement of men in school , university and adulthood is now an international phenomenon and it is one that is being increasingly studied in psychology .
Academics are also interested in why men are so much more likely than women to turn to crime .
Dr Robert McHenry , an occupational psychologist who lectures at the University of Oxford , said : " From a very strictly psychological point of view there is a good body of evidence that if you compare men with women you will find more men on the extremes .
When applied , as it often is , to academic results , at the top end men take more chances – pull off the odd flash of brilliance – and at the bottom end they are more lazy .
Women tend to be more hard - working , more conscientious . "
McHenry , who is also chief executive of the business psychology consultancy OPP , added : " Some people bring it right back to evolution – that men are genetically predisposed to have a greater range of abilities .
Others say it is cultural – that women are brought up to be more sensible . "
He also argued that young men tended to be less careful when it came to appearance and " soft presentation " – factors becoming increasingly important in job applications .
The government does not have any specific policies that focus on gender differences after graduation .
But David Willetts , the higher education minister , said he was helping graduates by getting universities to provide " employability statements " about different courses .
April 1 , 2009 : The sunspot cycle is behaving a little like the stock market .
Just when you think it has hit bottom , it goes even lower .
2008 was a bear .
There were no sunspots observed on 266 of the year 's 366 days ( 73 % ) .
To find a year with more blank suns , you have to go all the way back to 1913 , which had 311 spotless days :
Prompted by these numbers , some observers suggested that the solar cycle had hit bottom in 2008 .
Maybe not .
Sunspot counts for 2009 have dropped even lower .
As of March 31st , there were no sunspots on 78 of the year 's 90 days ( 87 % ) .
It adds up to one inescapable conclusion : " We 're experiencing a very deep solar minimum , " says solar physicist Dean Pesnell of the Goddard Space Flight Center .
" This is the quietest sun we 've seen in almost a century , " agrees sunspot expert David Hathaway of the Marshall Space Flight Center .
Above :
The sunspot cycle from 1995 to the present .
The jagged curve traces actual sunspot counts .
Smooth curves are fits to the data and one forecaster 's predictions of future activity .
Credit : David Hathaway , NASA / MSFC . [ more ]
Quiet suns come along every 11 years or so .
It 's a natural part of the sunspot cycle , discovered by German astronomer Heinrich Schwabe in the mid-1800s .
Sunspots are planet - sized islands of magnetism on the surface of the sun ; they are sources of solar flares , coronal mass ejections and intense UV radiation .
Plotting sunspot counts , Schwabe saw that peaks of solar activity were always followed by valleys of relative calm — a clockwork pattern that has held true for more than 200 years :
< div class =" dnd-atom - wrapper " data - scald - align = " none " data - scald - context = " full " data - scald - options = "
%7B%22additionalClasses%22%3A%22hide-icon%22%7D " data - scald - sid= " 11433 " data - scald - type= " file " ><!-- scald embed --></div>
The current solar minimum is part of that pattern .
In fact , it 's right on time .
" We 're due for a bit of quiet — and here it is , " says Pesnell .
Sign up for EXPRESS SCIENCE NEWS delivery Sign up for EXPRESS SCIENCE NEWS delivery
But is it supposed to be this quiet ?
In 2008 , the sun set the following records :
A 50 - year low in solar wind pressure : Measurements by the Ulysses spacecraft reveal a 20 % drop in solar wind pressure since the mid-1990s — the lowest point since such measurements began in the 1960s .
The solar wind helps keep galactic cosmic rays out of the inner solar system .
With the solar wind flagging , more cosmic rays are permitted to enter , resulting in increased health hazards for astronauts .
Weaker solar wind also means fewer geomagnetic storms and auroras on Earth .
A 12 - year low in solar " irradiance " : Careful measurements by several NASA spacecraft show that the sun 's brightness has dropped by 0.02 % at visible wavelengths and 6 % at extreme UV wavelengths since the solar minimum of 1996 .
The changes so far are not enough to reverse the course of global warming , but there are some other significant side - effects : Earth 's upper atmosphere is heated less by the sun and it is therefore less " puffed up . "
Satellites in low Earth orbit experience less atmospheric drag , extending their operational lifetimes .
Unfortunately , space junk also remains longer in Earth orbit , increasing hazards to spacecraft and satellites .
Above : Space - age measurements of the total solar irradiance ( brightness summed across all wavelengths ) .
This plot , which comes from researcher C. Fröhlich , was shown by Dean Pesnell at the Fall 2008 AGU meeting during a lecture entitled " What is Solar Minimum and Why Should We Care ? "
A 55 - year low in solar radio emissions : After World War II , astronomers began keeping records of the sun 's brightness at radio wavelengths .
Records of 10.7 cm flux extend back all the way to the early 1950s .
Radio telescopes are now recording the dimmest " radio sun " since 1955 :
< div class =" dnd-atom - wrapper " data - scald - align = " none " data - scald - context = " full " data - scald - options = "
%7B%22additionalClasses%22%3A%22hide-icon%22%7D " data - scald - sid= " 12202 " data - scald - type= " file " ><!-- scald embed --></div>
.
Some researchers believe that the lessening of radio emissions is an indication of weakness in the sun 's global magnetic field .
No one is certain , however , because the source of these long - monitored radio emissions is not fully understood .
All these lows have sparked a debate about whether the ongoing minimum is " weird " , " extreme " or just an overdue " market correction " following a string of unusually intense solar maxima .
" Since the Space Age began in the 1950s , solar activity has been generally high , " notes Hathaway .
" Five of the ten most intense solar cycles on record have occurred in the last 50 years .
We 're just not used to this kind of deep calm . "
Deep calm was fairly common a hundred years ago .
The solar minima of 1901 and 1913 , for instance , were even longer than the one we 're experiencing now .
To match those minima in terms of depth and longevity , the current minimum will have to last at least another year .
In a way , the calm is exciting , says Pesnell .
" For the first time in history , we 're getting to see what a deep solar minimum is really like . "
A fleet of spacecraft including the Solar and Heliospheric Observatory ( SOHO ) , the twin STEREO probes , the five THEMIS probes , Hinode , ACE , Wind , TRACE , AIM , TIMED , Geotail and others are studying the sun and its effects on Earth 24/ 7 using technology that did n't exist 100 years ago .
Their measurements of solar wind , cosmic rays , irradiance and magnetic fields show that solar minimum is much more interesting and profound than anyone expected .
Above :
An artist 's concept of NASA 's Solar Dynamics Observatory .
Bristling with advanced sensors , " SDO " is slated to launch later this year -- perfect timing to study the ongoing solar minimum . [ more ]
Modern technology cannot , however , predict what comes next .
Competing models by dozens of top solar physicists disagree , sometimes sharply , on when this solar minimum will end and how big the next solar maximum will be .
Pesnell has surveyed the scientific literature and prepared a "
< div class =" dnd-atom - wrapper " data - scald - align = " none " data - scald - context = " full " data - scald - options = "
%7B%22additionalClasses%22%3A%22hide-icon%22%7D " data - scald - sid= " 11434 " data - scald - type= " file " ><!-- scald embed --></div>
" showing the range of predictions .
The great uncertainty stems from one simple fact :
No one fully understands the underlying physics of the sunspot cycle .
Pesnell believes sunspot counts will pick up again soon , " possibly by the end of the year , " to be followed by a solar maximum of below - average intensity in 2012 or 2013 .
But like other forecasters , he knows he could be wrong .
Bull or bear ?
Stay tuned for updates .
Author : Dr. Tony Phillips | Credit : Science@NASA
Login : Password : Remember Me Register Forums >>
Debuggers >> immunity debugger plugin
Topic created on : July 19 , 2010 19:11 CDT by Juggernaut .
I have been a forum Lurker for a while and thought I should give back a little so here goes .
I wrote a little pycommand for immDBG you can get it here HTTP://drop.io/blackmanta .
Check out the video for a brief overview .
July 19 , 2010 19:11 CDT byI have been a forum Lurker for a while and thought I should give back a little so here goes .
I wrote a little pycommand for immDBG you can get it here HTTP://drop.io/blackmanta .
Check out the video for a brief overview .
MalwareResearch1 July 21 , 2010 03:09.30 CDT
Brilliant .
Great Job .
I have been using the one written by Justin Seitz ( ! apitrace )
> Juggernaut : I have been a forum Lurker for a while and thought I should give back a little so here goes .
I wrote a little pycommand for immDBG you can get it here HTTP://drop.io/blackmanta .
Check out the video for a brief overview .
Note : Registration is required to post to the forums .
On the first Earth Day , April 22 , 1970 , a mood of boisterous celebration filled the particulate - dense air of New York City .
Mayor John V. Lindsay traveled around by electric bus .
In a speech at Union Square he asked , “ Do we want to live or die ? ” A crowd of 20,000 packed the square to catch a glimpse of Paul Newman standing on a raised platform .
Stretches of Fifth Avenue and 14th Street , closed to automobile traffic , were transformed into pedestrian seas , amid which office workers set down picnic blankets and girls handed out fresh daisies .
Activists hauled nets of dead fish through Midtown streets .
“ You ’re next , people ! ” they cried .
“ You ’re next ! ”
Out of all the hubbub that beset the nation that day 40 years ago — a day when students buried trash - filled caskets and put a Chevy on trial for polluting the air — one image would capture the spirit with particular efficiency and wit .
It ’s a black - and - white photograph of a young man wearing a vintage gas mask as he stretched to smell the magnolias .
Reproduced instantly and ever since , it came to symbolize the occasion .
( This magazine , which made its debut in April 1970 , published the picture in its 20th - anniversary issue . )
But the photograph presents a few substantial mysteries .
For one , there ’s no record of who took it .
The credit line reads simply “ Associated Press , ” and the AP ’s files identify the photographer only as a “ stringer , ” or freelancer .
For another , though a few newspapers printed the young man ’s name with the picture at the time , he too was soon rendered anonymous .
So who was that masked man ?
Now it can be told , or retold : his name , resurrected from a Pace College publication dated 1970 , is Peter Hallerman .
He was then a sophomore at Pace , commuting to its Lower Manhattan campus from Queens .
In all these years , he says , he has never been interviewed about the event in question .
As he recalls , he was one of about 30 Pace students who held what was surely one of the day ’s puniest demonstrations .
They crossed the street from their campus to a park near City Hall and chanted slogans and waved brooms , some of them daring to make a sweep or two .
( Their permit forbade them to actually clean the park . )
At least the collegians had planned for maximum impact : they demonstrated at lunch hour , hoping the City Hall press corps would straggle out to gather a bit of Earth Day color .
“ We figured we ’d at least get noticed , ” Hallerman says .
“ Whether it would be reported on was something else . ”
Sure enough , a handful of journalists appeared .
In a dramatic flourish , Hallerman strapped on a gas mask that he believes his mother , Edith , had saved from her service with the Red Cross during World War II .
( Though gas masks were a common Earth Day accessory , this long - snouted beast looked particularly awful . )
The AP photographer posed Hallerman in front of a blossoming magnolia tree , then changed his mind .
“ Try leaning over and smelling those flowers , ” Hallerman recalls the photographer saying .
Hallerman bent his six - foot frame over a short fence surrounding the tree so that the mask ’s proboscis touched the pink - white blossoms .
The photographer snapped his shot , and Hallerman thought nothing more of it .
The following week , a Pace administrator presented him with an inch - thick stack of newspaper clippings that included the picture : clearly , it had struck a nerve around the country .
Peter Hallerman was n’t your standard hippie activist .
In 1967 he paraded down Fifth Avenue in support of the Vietnam War .
In 1969 he followed the music to Woodstock but remained ignorant of the intricacies of igniting hashish .
His status as Earth Day poster boy , however , seems just : “ The desire to get out , to camp , to have contact with my environment beyond the city streets , was always very strong for me , ” says Hallerman , a former Boy Scout and still an intrepid camper .
Hallerman ’s 19th birthday was on May 4 , less than two weeks after that inaugural Earth Day .
That was the day Ohio National Guardsmen opened fire on protesters at Kent State University , killing four and wounding nine .
Four days later , Hallerman attended his first antiwar demonstration , in New York ’s financial district ; he remembers standing on the steps of the Federal Hall National Memorial when hundreds of construction workers from the World Trade Center building site poured onto the scene , attacking the youthful protesters before storming City Hall in what came to be known as the Hard Hat Riot .
And then his witness - to - history days were over .
“ My wife , Ellen , jokes that I went through a mini-Forrest Gump phase , ” he says .
Rather than return to Pace in the fall of 1970 , Hallerman drifted out West , working in coal mines and on railroad crews — fulfilling a high - school guidance counselor ’s judgment that he was “ uniquely qualified for manual labor . ”
After six grueling years , he headed back East and into the white - collar world .
Now he ’s an account executive for Trans World Marketing Corporation of East Rutherford , New Jersey , which designs and makes retail displays , and he lives with his wife on a quiet , leafy lane in South Salem , New York , 50 miles north of the city .
A few years ago , Ellen and their two sons , Ethan and Matthew , now 24 and 21 , gave him a mounted blowup of the famous picture for his birthday .
But he has n’t hung it .
Even now , he says he ’s surprised that it became a cultural touchstone .
“ I ’m flattered to have been involved in something of such historic significance , ” he says .
“ But if that was my 15 minutes of fame , it ’s a little frustrating that I was wearing a gas mask and looked like an anteater . ”
Timothy Dumas wrote the August 2009 Indelible Images , about a photograph taken at the Woodstock music festival in 1969 .
> diff0 f x y = ( f x - f y ) /( x - y )
f
> f x = ( 3*x+ 1 / x ) / ( x - 2 / x )
diff0 f 1 1.000001
( f+g ) [ x , y ] = f[x , y ] + g[x , y ]
( fg ) [ x , y ] = f( x ) g[x , y ] + f[x , y ] g ( y )
h[x , y ] = f[ g ( x ) , g(y ) ] g[x , y ] when h( x ) =f ( g( x ) )
( fg ) [ x , y ] = 0.5 ( f( x ) +f (y ) ) g[x , y ] +0.5 f [x , y ] ( g( x ) + g ( y ) )
> data D a = D { fx :: a , fy :: a , fxy :: a } deriving ( Eq , Show , Ord )
> instance Fractional a => Num ( D a ) where > fromInteger n = let m = fromInteger n in D m m 0 >
D fx fy fxy +
D gx gy gxy = D ( fx+gx ) ( fy+gy ) ( fxy+gxy ) >
D fx fy fxy * D gx gy gxy = D ( fx * gx ) ( fy*gy ) ( 0.5 * ( fxy * ( gx+gy ) + ( fx+fy ) * gxy ) ) > negate ( D fx fy fxy ) = D ( negate fx ) ( negate fy ) ( negate fxy )
> instance Fractional a => Fractional ( D a ) where > fromRational n = let m = fromRational n in D m m 0 >
D fx fy fxy / D gx gy gxy = D ( fx / gx ) ( fy / gy ) ( 0.5 * ( fxy * ( gx+gy ) - ( fx+fy ) * gxy ) / ( gx*gy ) )
D x y 1
f
D x y 1
fxy
diff0
> diff1 f x y = fxy $ f ( D x y 1 )
diff0 f 1 1.000001
CReal
diff1 f 1 1
I 've previously talked about automatic differentiation here a few times .
One of the standard arguments for using automatic differentiation is that it is more accurate than numeric differentiation implemented via divided differences .
We can approximate f'(x ) by using ( f( x ) - f (y ) ) / ( x-y ) with a value of y near x .
Accuracy requires y to be close to x , and that requires computing the difference between two numbers that are very close .
But subtracting close numbers is itself a source of numerical error when working with finite precision .
So you 're doomed to error no matter how close you choose x and y to be .
However , the accuracy problem with computing divided differences can itself be fixed .
In fact , we can adapt the methods behind automatic differentiation to work with divided differences too .
( This paragraph can be skipped .
I just want to draw a parallel with what I said here .
Firstly I need to correct the title of that article .
I should have said it was about * divided differences * , not * finite differences * .
The idea in that article was that the notion of a divided difference makes sense for types because for a large class of function you can define divided differences without using either differencing or division .
You just need addition and multiplication .
That 's the same technique I 'll be using here .
I think it 's neat to see the same trick being used in entirely different contexts . )
Firstly , here 's a first attempt at divided differencing :
We can try it on the functiongives - 14.0000350000029 .
Repeating the calculation with an arbitrary precision package ( I used CReal ) gives - 14.000035000084000 .
We are getting nowhere near the precision we'd like when working with double precision floating point .
Automatic differentiation used a bunch of properties of differentiation : linearity , the product rule and the chain rule .
Similar rules hold for divided differences .
First let me introduce some notation .
If f is a function then I 'll use f( x ) for normal function application .
But I 'll use f[x , y ] to mean the divided difference ( f( x ) - f (y ) ) / ( x-y ) .
We haveWe can modify the product rule to make it more symmetrical though it 's not strictly necessary : ( I got that from this paper by Kahan . )
In each case , given f evaluated at x and y , and its divided difference at [ x , y ] , and the same for g , we can compute the corresponding quantities for the sum and product of f and g.
So we can store f( x ) , f(y ) and f[x , y ] together in a single structure :
And now we can implement arithmetic on these structures using the rules above : I 'll leave as an exercise the proof that this formula for division works :
For the identity function , i , we have i( x ) =x , i(y ) =y and i[x , y ] =1 .
So for any x and y , the evaluation of the identity function at x , y and [ x , y ] is represented as .
To compute divided differences for any function f making use of addition , subtraction and division we need to simply applyto .
We pick off the divided difference from theelement of the structure .
Here 's our replacement forThis is all mimicking the construction for automatic differentiation .
Evaluatinggives -14.000035000083997 .
Much closer to the result derived using .
One neat thing about this is that we have a function that 's well defined even in the limit as x tends to y .
When we evaluatewe get the derivative of f at 1.
I thought that this was a novel approach but I found it sketched at the end of this paper by Reps and Rall .
( Though their sketch is a bit vague so it 's not entirely clear what they intend . )
Both the Kahan paper and the Reps and Rall papers give some applications of computing divided diferences this way .
It 's not clear how to deal with the standard transcendental functions .
They have divided differences that are very complex compared to their derivatives .
There is a sense in which divided differences are uncomputable (! ) and that what we 've had to do is switch from an extensional description of functions to an intensional description to compute them .
I 'll write about this some day .
Note that the ideas here can be extended to higher order divided differences and that there are some really nice connections with type theory .
I 'll try to write about these too .
Update : I found another paper by Reps and Rall that uses precisely the method described here .
Print view : Fracking : a new " f " word enters the language ENVIRONMENT OP -ED : Fracking : a new “ f ” word enters the language by Chris Bolgiano Monday , 12 July 2010 Congress approved the so - called Halliburton Loophole in 2005 , exempting fracking from federal standards for clean water .
A new “ f ” word has entered our language that has nothing to do with sex but everything to do with exploitation .
From New York to Tennessee , above the gassy geological formation called Marcellus shale , people are debating the practice of fracking .
Fracking is short for " hydraulic fracturing " to extract natural gas from shale .
It involves drilling a hole a mile down , then thousands of feet horizontally , and pumping down millions of gallons of water laced with sand , salt and chemicals to crack the shale .
Gas is forced up , along with roughly 25 percent of the contaminated wastewater , often hot with radioactivity .
Shale gas fields are called ‘ plays , ’ but developing them is serious business .
Since 2005 , when Congress approved the so - called Halliburton Loophole to exempt fracking from federal standards for clean water , companies from Oklahoma to Japan have spent millions of dollars to frack rural communities innocent of any knowledge about the practice .
By some estimates , fracking Marcellus and other shales across North America could satisfy our desire for gas for the next 45 years .
Fracking is ongoing in Pennsylvania , West Virginia and New York .
Now Texas - based Carrizo Company wants to frack Bergton , Va. , long famous as one of the most idyllic pastoral communities in the Shenandoah Valley .
At first the attraction between gas companies and communities is mutual : landowners , often poor , gain income from leases , stores gain business , counties gain tax base .
The industry courts communities with assurances that the chemicals used compose only one part per hundred of the fracking fluid , are environmentally friendly , and will be treated at the local sewage plant .
For global warming worriers , the sexiest aspect is the reduction in greenhouse gases emitted by burning natural gas compared to oil ; for others , it ’s the fact that gas is domestic , reducing our bondage to hostile foreign countries .
For many , the romance quickly pales .
Fracking chemicals include formaldehyde , benzene , and others known to be carcinogenic at a few parts per million .
Municipal plants can’t handle fracking wastewater , and it ’s stored in open pits until trucked elsewhere .
If enough fresh water ca n’t be sucked from streams on site , trucks haul it in .
Eighteen - wheelers rolling 24/7 pulverize country roads and cause accidents , like the one that spilled 8,000 gallons of toxic materials into a Pennsylvania creek last year .
And they emit enough carbon to seriously shrink the greenhouse gas advantage of fracked gas .
In early June , a blowout at one of the thousand - plus fracking wells in Pennsylvania spewed flammable gas and polluted water 75 feet high for sixteen hours .
Explosions are occurring from causes similar to BP ’s Gulf debacle .
In early June , a blowout at one of the thousand - plus fracking wells in Pennsylvania spewed flammable gas and polluted water 75 feet high for sixteen hours .
One of our most recent local headlines reads , “ W.Va . Gas Well Blast Injures 7 ; Flames Now 40 Feet . ”
Fracking ’s impact on surface and groundwater outlasts any explosion .
People from New York to Texas complain that their wells deteriorated after fracking started nearby .
Pennsylvania officials ordered Cabot Gas Corporation to pay fines , plug wells , and install treatment systems in 14 houses where methane contaminated drinking water .
New
York state officials see fracking as so risky that they imposed far stricter environmental regulations within watersheds that supply ten million people with drinking water .
They feared an outright ban would provoke lawsuits from landowners eager to sign leases .
The recent request by a company that transports gas in Pennsylvania to be declared a “ utility ” would give it the power to condemn property for pipelines .
Landowner rights are sacred in Appalachia , but the recent request by a company that transports gas in Pennsylvania to be declared a “ utility , ” which would give it the power to condemn property for pipelines , puts a new twist on the issue .
And what about my right to continue drinking clean water from my well on my property ?
The likelihood of leaks of toxic materials into waters are enhanced when drilling occurs in the 100 - year flood plain , as is proposed in Bergton .
In 40 years that region has seen many disastrous floods , and the mountainous Bergton area is always among the hardest hit .
A flood would sweep a well pad with containers of chemicals , fuels , and open wastewater pits into the headwaters of the North Fork of the Shenandoah River , and ultimately into the Potomac and the Chesapeake Bay .
Given the risks , fracking seems merely to prolong our addiction to fossil fuel , when renewable energy is within reach : solar panel costs have fallen by half , and offshore wind turbines offer huge energy efficiencies .
But history insists on repeating itself .
For centuries , Appalachia has been raped by outside interests wresting iron , timber , and coal from these mountains .
Once again , people from elsewhere are taking huge profits and leaving a pittance and a lot of ugly pits behind , while politicians stall efforts to repair the regulatory loophole .
They are risking through accident or carelessness the poisoning of water for millions of people , generations into the future .
Chris Bolgiano is the author or editor of five books .
This commentary is distributed by Bay Journal News Service .
Copyright © 2010 The Baltimore News Network .
All rights reserved .
Republication or redistribution of Baltimore Chronicle content is expressly prohibited without their prior written consent .
Baltimore News Network , Inc. , sponsor of this web site , is a nonprofit organization and does not make political endorsements .
The opinions expressed in stories posted on this web site are the authors ' own .
This story was published on July 12 , 2010 .
This story was published on July 12 , 2010 .
Browse People
Inspirational Passage of the Day
In the latter part of the story , Joy is introduced to a Bible salesman who , unlike the other characters , seems to possess the ability to get her to open up .
He slowly breaks down the barriers she erected when it came to the subject of her wooden leg .
Her defenses are let down , because she assumes he is an uneducated country boy and can be seduced by her .
The whole interplay between them is similar to the struggle between good and evil and giving in to temptation .
The appearance of the Bible salesman provides the first real test of the self - called Hulga .
As he presents himself , he seems a living embodiment of Mrs. Hopewell ’s most cherished cliches .
With his Bible - quoting and his missionary aspirations , he convinces the girl that at last she is face to face with real innocence ( Asals 104 ) .
When he and Joy take their walk , he does all he can to « ease her path » by removing the branches in her way and helping her over the roots that may trip her .
He even got her to move swiftly toward the old barn ( like the goddess coming to Vulcan when he called ) .
Along the way , he had made inquiries that appear to Joy to be both prying and strange .
He had asked if she was « saved » and , another time , where her leg joined on .
Her response as to her disbelief in God seemed to astonish and , at the same time , please him .
It never appeared to her that something might be amiss .
Even when he kissed her ( her first ever ) « she was pleased to discover that it was an unexceptional experience and all a matter of the mind ’s control » ( DiYanni 189 ) .
Browse people
Find people to connect with
Manage :
Fans
Friends
Blocked
Enter a search term
Nearby Everywhere Everybody Friends Any Male Female All Ages 18-24 25-44 45 +
HURGHADA , Egypt – When Hamdy Shahat and his four - man crew first set sail from this resort town last month , he expected to return with a boatload full of red snapper to sell at the market later that night .
Instead , the 33 - year - old skipper came back empty - handed , except for several streaks of thick , brown oil gummed along the hull of his wooden boat .
Thousands of miles from the Gulf of Mexico , the site of BP ’s massive oil leak , Shahat had inadvertently discovered Egypt ’s own oil spill .
Now , just like most Americans , Egyptians are asking what went wrong in the Red Sea .
For fishermen like Shahat , navigating around small patches of oil floating in the otherwise turquoise - colored Rea Sea is not all that new .
Egypt ’s portion of the waterway is , after all , home to about 180 oil platforms and heavily trafficked by massive tankers heading north from the Middle East to Europe through the Suez Canal .
In an environment like this one , small - scale oil leaks are almost the norm .
But this time , the oil was nearly impossible to avoid .
“ I remember the slick looking like a lot more oil than usual , ” said Shahat .
“ The way the sunlight hit the surface of the water the patch looked so big that we thought it was actually underwater coral . ”
Last month , Shahat was among the first in Hurghada to discover , like other fishermen who inadvertently sailed through it , what some experts are already calling one of Egypt ’s worst oil spills in recent years .
Many details regarding the source of Egypt ’s latest spill , which washed up on the shores of an area rich in biodiversity and popular with foreign tourists , are still unknown .
The leak , initially reported to have blanketed a 12 - mile stretch of sea , was first reported on June 18 , though many here believe the oil started seeping into the water days earlier .
Scientists and conservationists admit that serious environmental damage was limited to only a few offshore islands because of strong currents and winds that quickly pushed the slick to Hurghada ’s shoreline , rather than underwater to the coral reefs .
And by most accounts , the total amount of oil spilled in Egypt was small when compared to other international incidents , like the BP spill that was finally capped on Thursday .
But for many residents in Hurghada , there is little comfort knowing they wo n’t have to face the huge levels of crude oil that is now washing up on the shores of the Gulf of Mexico .
The uncertainty over exactly what happened in the Red Sea in June , coupled with the possibility of larger spills in the future , is enough to keep everyone here on edge .
Nearly one month after the spill ’s discovery , very few details have emerged regarding the source of the leak and the actual amount of oil released , prompting accusations of government mismanagement from a host of activists , independent scientists and local businessmen .
Amr Ali , director of the Hurghada Environmental Protection and Conservation Agency , an organization started by a group of divers , is leading the charge against the government ’s handling of what Ali calls a “ catastrophic ” spill .
The parties responsible for the leak , Ali said , did not notify anyone of the spill until Hurghada ’s fishermen literally sailed into it — a full three days after it started .
“ This is not just about the spill — it ’s about how crises like this are handled with zero transparency , ” he said .
“ Whoever caused this spill should not get away without a penalty . ”
Ali said he was surprised to hear Egypt ’s government eventually announce that they had sealed the leak , while simultaneously pleading ignorance on the exact location of the source .
Video footage shot by Ali ’s organization , which was later posted to the group ’s YouTube channel days after the start of the spill , shows an oil - like substance floating in the water outside an offshore drilling platform .
In the video , a small boat dumps what appear to be chemical dispersants into the water near the rig .
The platform is identifiable in the footage as a similar rig run by PetroGulf Misr , a government - controlled oil company based near Geisum Island , just north of Hurghada .
For its part , the company has denied any involvement in the spill .
Khaled Boraie , a spokesman for PetroGulf Misr , provided GlobalPost only the following statement : “ We have no relation with the oil spill in Hurghada . ”
A sign displayed in the lobby of the company ’s Cairo ’s office proudly announced that they had gone 107 days without incident or accident .
Egypt ’s petroleum ministry finally weighed in one week after the incident , issuing a lengthy press release denying that the company ’s platform could have caused any spillage and offering several possible alternative sources .
“ The spill was due to passing oil tankers that discharged their ballasts or spilled oil from their loads and then the wind likely spread it to the beaches , ” said Khaled Ismail , a chemist with the government - run Egyptian General Petroleum Corporation , echoing the press release .
Another possible source of oil , which only amounted to between 30 and 50 barrels , according to Ismail , was older sludge spilled years ago on nearby islands that had melted under higher - than - average heat and slid back into the Red Sea .
Several independent scientists , however , refute those claims .
“ I cannot accept [ the ministry ’s account ] because the amount of oil found was much more than would come from a passing ship .
And it was all crude oil , ” said Salah el - Haggar , a professor of energy and environmental studies at the American University in Cairo .
“ They are aware of the problem but we are not .
So we still do n’t know how this happened and who is responsible . ”
Though Egypt ’s petroleum and environmental ministries were generally praised for the rapid cleanup of Hurghada ’s beaches — thoroughly swept within just three days — many believe it was a cosmetic attempt to rescue only the areas tourists frequent .
Mahmoud Hanafy , professor of marine sciences at the Suez Canal University , worries that although the spill was limited in size , lingering pollution may have already disrupted the ecology on the islands off Hurghada ’s coast .
The uninhabited Northern Islands are home to a variety of species of fish and turtles and also serve as nesting grounds for the white - eyed gull , a “ near threatened ” species endemic to the Red Sea .
The oil washing up during the initially unreported first few days of the spill hit these beaches hard , according to Dr. Hanafy .
“ The problem is that the spill happened in an area with a sensitive ecosystem .
This is a very valuable piece of land for diving , as an ecological site and for oil production , ” Hanafy said .
“ The challenge for Egypt is to figure out how to reach a balance between oil production and conservation of the Red Sea . ”
Egypt produced an average of 685,000 barrels of oil per day in 2009 .
About 70 percent of that oil , according to Hanafy , comes from the fragile Red Sea ecosystem .
Many conservationists and tour operators saw a minor victory when , in the wake of the spill last month , Egypt ’s petroleum minister said he would consider reducing the number of oil concessions granted in the Red Sea area .
Egypt ’s tourism sector , by comparison , especially around the Red Sea beaches and coral reefs , is one of the largest sources of national revenue .
In 2007 , over 11 million foreign tourists visited Egypt , earning the country more than $ 7.6 billion .
Several beaches in Hurghada temporarily closed for a few days during the cleanup period last month .
Sameh Hwaidak , chairman of the Red Sea Hotel Association , admits that tourism in Hurghada was not significantly affected by the spill .
But like many hoteliers here , Hwaidak watches the events transpiring in the Gulf of Mexico with grave concern , worrying that the possibility of an equally devastating oil spill in Egypt — with a similar response from the government here — would cripple the local tourism .
“ We only found out about this the minute oil hit the beach .
We put down booms and cleaned the sand , but that ’s not the solution , ” he said .
“ The solution is to stop the oil platforms from operating so close to our beaches . ”
Previous | Next Fake Invoice Posted at : 2010-06-29 08:20:54
Original ad :
ATTENTION : anyone who owns an auto repair shop
i need a fake invoice printed up for a bunch of car work so i can explain to my wife where our $ 1200 went .
if you can print out an invoice with a bunch of repair stuff that would cost around that , please contact me ASAP .
From Me to *********@********.org :
Hey , are you still looking to get a fake invoice ?
I run a repair shop off of 95 in Essington and could easily print something out for you .
Mike
From Dave ******** to Me :
yea dude that would be great .
it needs to be for like $ 1200 but your a mechanic im sure you can think of something that costs that much .
essington is kinda out of my way so i just need a good reason for my wife that explains why i was down there , ya hear ?
From Me to Dave ********:
Alright , I can print one out in a few minutes and scan it for you .
As for your wife , just tell her you were on your way to Chester to buy drugs and your car broke down , so you just had it towed to the nearest shop .
Be sure to mention how great our service was .
Mike
From Dave ******** to Me :
yeah great idea genius that would go over real well .
im better off coming clean about my bad luck in atlantic city , but that aint happenin neither
From Me to Dave ********:
I do n't see why it would n't go over well .
Lots of people go out of their way to Chester for drugs .
I get my coke from Chester all of the time .
It is cheap , and good , too .
Anyway , I 've attached the invoice I wrote up for you .
I forgot to ask the Make / Model / Year of your car , so I just took a guess .
If I am wrong , let me know and I can change it .
Mike
Attachment :
From Dave ******** to Me :
if you guessed 98 corolla then id be impressed otherwise could you put that in , and date it for today ?
thanks a lot for your help dude
From Dave ******** to Me :
wait a minute what the fuck is this shit
From Dave ******** to Me :
$ 200 to unjam a tape deck are you for real man ?
that isnt even a real problem
what the fuck is a " transgasket differential " are you serious dude , this shit isnt going to fly .
50 bucks to set the dashboard clock wtf man
like seriously man are you fucking retarded ?
wtf is this bullshit
From Me to Dave ********:
Yes , I typically charge around $ 200 to unjam a tape deck .
Have you ever tried to do it ?
It is a pain in the ass .
Some people panic and try to rewind their tapes and that just makes it even worse .
I charge $ 50 to set the dashboard clock , but it is well worth every penny .
It is the most accurate time reading you will ever have .
I sync it down to the millisecond with the official NIST time , and I have it verified by a certified time expert .
You 've got me there on the transgasket differential .
I just make that up and charge $ 400 for it and people usually pay it without much argument .
Especially women , which brings me to my next point .
Women tend to know nothing about cars , so your wife will probably just look at the document and get confused by all that fancy car lingo .
All women need to see is the money amount , which I have made very clear at the bottom of the invoice .
Mike
From Dave ******** to Me :
cmon man quit dicking me around and put some real shit on there .
i dont know what kind of bullshit shop you are running over there , but neither me or my wife would believe this thing
and fix the car info .
out of all the guesses you could have made you guessed that i drive a fucking delorean ?
for real dude ?
From Me to Dave ********:
Sorry , you just struck me as the kind of guy who would have a DeLorean .
If you really think your wife is n't going to fall for that , I 'll give you a more realistic looking document .
Here is a realistic bank statement you can use to show your wife where your money went .
Mike
Attachment :
From Dave ******** to Me :
wow thats great buddy thanks for nothing you fucking retard
hey why dont you go fuck yourself in the ass with your transgasket differential .
what a douchebag
Hey , are you still looking to get a fake invoice ?
I run a repair shop off of 95 in Essington and could easily print something out for you .
Mikeyea dude that would be great .
it needs to be for like $ 1200 but your a mechanic im sure you can think of something that costs that much .
essington is kinda out of my way so i just need a good reason for my wife that explains why i was down there , ya hear ?
Alright , I can print one out in a few minutes and scan it for you .
As for your wife , just tell her you were on your way to Chester to buy drugs and your car broke down , so you just had it towed to the nearest shop .
Be sure to mention how great our service was .
Mikeyeah great idea genius that would go over real well .
im better off coming clean about my bad luck in atlantic city , but that aint happenin neitherI do n't see why it would n't go over well .
Lots of people go out of their way to Chester for drugs .
I get my coke from Chester all of the time .
It is cheap , and good , too .
Anyway , I 've attached the invoice I wrote up for you .
I forgot to ask the Make / Model / Year of your car , so I just took a guess .
If I am wrong , let me know and I can change it .
MikeAttachment : if you guessed 98 corolla then id be impressed otherwise could you put that in , and date it for today ?
thanks a lot for your help dudewait a minute what the fuck is this shit $ 200 to unjam a tape deck are you for real man ?
that isnt even a real problemwhat the fuck is a " transgasket differential " are you serious dude , this shit isnt going to fly .
50 bucks to set the dashboard clock wtf manlike seriously man are you fucking retarded ?
wtf is this bullshitYes , I typically charge around $ 200 to unjam a tape deck .
Have you ever tried to do it ?
It is a pain in the ass .
Some people panic and try to rewind their tapes and that just makes it even worse .
I charge $ 50 to set the dashboard clock , but it is well worth every penny .
It is the most accurate time reading you will ever have .
I sync it down to the millisecond with the official NIST time , and I have it verified by a certified time expert .
You 've got me there on the transgasket differential .
I just make that up and charge $ 400 for it and people usually pay it without much argument .
Especially women , which brings me to my next point .
Women tend to know nothing about cars , so your wife will probably just look at the document and get confused by all that fancy car lingo .
All women need to see is the money amount , which I have made very clear at the bottom of the invoice .
Mikecmon man quit dicking me around and put some real shit on there .
i dont know what kind of bullshit shop you are running over there , but neither me or my wife would believe this thingand fix the car info .
out of all the guesses you could have made you guessed that i drive a fucking delorean ?
for real dude ?
Sorry , you just struck me as the kind of guy who would have a DeLorean .
If you really think your wife is n't going to fall for that , I 'll give you a more realistic looking document .
Here is a realistic bank statement you can use to show your wife where your money went .
MikeAttachment : wow thats great buddy thanks for nothing you fucking retardhey why dont you go fuck yourself in the ass with your transgasket differential .
what a douchebag Previous | Next Share Showing comments 1 - 25 .
View all comments Brianne Perrin ( 2020-05-19 02:40:57 )
Hello , how about a better backlink indexer ?
We have just finished the beta test phase on GSA online and we are at the top .
The old backlink indexing service has been ineffective for a long time .
We are not concerned .
We are the only ones to index your iherbalVag ( 2020-05-10 14:41:28 )
Интернет магазин аюрведических товаров из Индии с доставкой по всему мир у [ url=https://iherbal.su]магазин
аюрведических товаров [ /url ]
Mellissa ( 2020-04-13 08:58:28 )
EXCLUSIVE FREE MAKE MONEY SECRET REPORT REVEALS ...
The Shockingly Simply 7 Minute Trick A Single Dad Uses To Make $ 250 - $ 500 A Day From Home No Prior Experience , or Skills Required Start Earning Immediately !
Be Your Own Boss and Choose Your Own MissBic ( 2020-04-10 19:15:29 )
[ url=https://bit.ly/3eeaE1B]Girls Snapchat [ /url ] SelectelFek ( 2020-03-17 15:13:35 )
Ваш сервер в дата - центре Selectel Разместите свое серверное оборудование в иновационных дата - центрах Selectel уровня Tier III .
Вы получите : канал свя� Gwen Woodhouse ( 2019-12-12 16:17:10 )
Hi !
I wanted to see if you might be interested in my super fun and colorful women ’s targeted CBD brand Privy Peach ?
My products primarily focus on sexual health and wellness , but I also have cute bath bombs , massage oil , tinctures ( even an aphrodisiac Sashalwp ( 2019-10-17 10:28:15 )
Здравствуйте господа !
Я Александр Я еще н Hertel ( 2019-07-22 04:08:07 )
Alles für Umreifung .
Umreifungsband , Verpackungsband .
Klemmen , Hülsen , Spanner …….
Umreifungszange , Umreifungsschweisser .
Hochwertige Waren vom Produzent .
Fabrikverkauf .
Versand am gleichen Tag aus Frankfurt .
Bis 95 % günstiger als auf dem M Arndt ( 2019-07-03 17:28:22 )
Alles für Umreifung .
Umreifungsband , Verpackungsband .
Klemmen , Hülsen , Spanner …….
Umreifungszange , Umreifungsschweisser .
Hochwertige Waren vom Produzent .
Fabrikverkauf .
Versand am gleichen Tag aus Frankfurt .
Bis 95 % günstiger als auf dem M Sashawxq ( 2019-06-18 23:04:12 )
Привет товарищи !
Меня зову т
Саша Я еще не в& Krebs ( 2019-06-12 09:24:36 )
Alles für Umreifung .
Umreifungsband , Verpackungsband .
Klemmen , Hülsen , Spanner …….
Umreifungszange , Umreifungsschweisser .
Hochwertige Waren vom Produzent .
Fabrikverkauf .
Versand am gleichen Tag aus Frankfurt .
Bis 95 % günstiger als auf dem M JefferyCab ( 2019-05-21 12:42:29 )
. , . ? . .
Baumgartner ( 2019-05-21 10:43:11 )
Hochwertige Waren vom Produzent .
Fabrikverkauf .
Versand am gleichen Tag aus Frankfurt .
Bis 95 % günstiger als auf dem Markt .
Reifentüten mit und ohne Logo. Stretch Folie .
Alle Größen / Sorten .
Kartons .
Klebebänder .
Malerkrepp . Malerfolie .
Wer Heller ( 2019-05-20 03:18:34 )
Hochwertige Waren vom Produzent .
Fabrikverkauf .
Versand am gleichen Tag aus Frankfurt .
Bis 95 % günstiger als auf dem Markt .
Reifentüten mit und ohne Logo. Stretch Folie .
Alle Größen / Sorten .
Kartons .
Klebebänder .
Malerkrepp . Malerfolie .
Wer Kimberly Zylstra ( 2019-05-19 23:42:19 )
A QUICK OVERVIEW OF OUR GLOBAL VAPE SHOP DATABASE Our Global Vape Shop Database contains vape shop contact details including : vape shop names e-mails telephone numbers websites social media links locations / physical addresses Our Global Vape Shop Andrew Segura ( 2019-05-19 13:01:07 )
Hey guys I am dropping you a line to quickly introduce my hemp and CBD marketing packages .
Whilst doing some research for my existing clients , I came across your site and thought I would write to you to see if you are interested in my CBD and hemp f Corinne Montanez ( 2019-05-19 05:31:38 )
After many requests from my clients , I have created this monthly backlinks SEO package for CBD and Hemp businesses .
Essentially , the premium package contains everything that you will need to rank higher on the search engines , get more visitors and make mo JefferyCab ( 2019-05-19 01:04:37 )
. , . ? . .
Ned Winneke ( 2019-05-10 06:24:35 )
Hello guys !
I am dropping you a quick line to introduce you to my services .
Unfortunately , due to Brexit , I was laid off by an SEO agency so I decided to freelance instead .
I have worked with a lot of CBD and hemp online retailers based in the U Weldon Hagelthorn ( 2019-05-06 19:16:42 )
After many requests from my clients , I have created this monthly backlinks SEO package for CBD and Hemp businesses .
Essentially , the premium package contains everything that you will need to rank higher on the search engines , get more visitors and make mo Barney Audet ( 2019-05-01 03:23:40 )
After many requests from my clients , I have created this monthly backlinks SEO package for CBD and Hemp businesses .
Essentially , the premium package contains everything that you will need to rank higher on the search engines , get more visitors and make mo Vogt ( 2019-04-30 20:50:30 )
Hochwertige Waren vom Produzent .
Fabrikverkauf .
Versand am gleichen Tag aus Frankfurt .
Bis 90 % günstiger als auf dem Markt .
Reifentüten mit und ohne Logo. Stretch Folie .
Alle Größen / Sorten .
Kartons .
Klebebänder .
Malerkrepp . Malerfolie .
Wer Ronda Clausen ( 2019-04-25 03:51:30 )
The vape industry has grown exponentially since 2012 .
It all started off with the ego starter kits , then progressed to dripping and subohming and now we seem to have reached the heights of nicotine salts , shortfill e-liquids , CBD and Juul devices .
Thousan Jorg McIlwraith ( 2019-04-25 00:59:16 )
A DEFINITIVE AND MOST COMPREHENSIVE E-MAIL LIST OF ALL VAPE SHOPS , E- LIQUID BRANDS , E- LIQUID WHOLESALERS , VAPE DISTRIBUTORS , VAPE EVENT ORGANISERS , ONLINE VAPE SHOPS , BRICK - AND - MORTAR VAPE SHOPS , VAPE MAGAZINES AND VAPE COMMUNITIES IS FINALLY HERE !
Follo Ervin Fryar ( 2019-04-25 00:57:41 )
Content marketing is extremely important for increasing your website traffic as well as your SEO rankings .
Right now , the major search engines are looking at how long visitors are spending on your site to decide how to rank your site .
It is extremely i
View all comments
An estimated 300-400 pelicans reported from New Orleans have been harmed by BP's [ NYSE : BP ] oil spill , marking another escalation in wildlife devastation caused by the pipeline in the Gulf of Mexico , according to The Washington Post .
The government only counts oiled covered birds collected for rehabilitation or found dead for use in the spill investigation as evidence .
There are many nesting areas in the Gulf and since not all birds can be collected an counted , the scope of the damage could be significantly underestimated .
Roughly 3,000 killed or oil - smeared birds have been collected by wildlife agencies since BP's Deepwater Horizon drilling rig exploded and sank on April 20 , killing 11 workers .
The difficulty , according to Lisa Williams , a U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service biologist , is that attempting to rescue all of the oiled birds in the Gulf and the coastal islands , particularly Raccoon Island , can disrupt their nesting habits and flush the colonies , causing the birds to abandon their young .
" We do n't want to cause more harm than good , " Williams said .
In 2015 , it is predicted that Shanghai will be the first city in China , if autonomous regions are excluded , to realize zero population growth , according to a report from the Beijing Times citing the report on China 's scientific development in 2010 released by the Chinese Academy of Sciences Thursday .
Shanghai will be followed by the Beijing - Tianjian region in 2018 and Guizhou will be the last to realize zero growth in 2029 .
The report said that China must develop in three basic steps in an orderly fashion and achieve three basic objectives to realize its green development .
The first step is to achieve zero total nationwide population growth while greatly enhancing population quality in 2030 .
The next step is to achieve zero growth of resource and energy consumption coupled with a substantial increase of social wealth by 2040 .
Then it should achieve zero growth of ecological degradation with significant improvement of environmental quality and ecological safety by 2050 .
Autor : Li Tiezheng , People 's Daily ; Translated by Zhao Chenyan
Doug Mataconis · · 3 comments
So far at least , Rand Paul seems to be hanging on in Kentucky :
It ’s the same story in Kentucky ’s race for U.S. Senate again this month .
Republican Rand Paul continues to hold a modest lead over Democrat Jack Conway .
The latest Rasmussen Reports statewide telephone survey of Likely Voters shows Paul picking up 49 % of the vote , while Conway earns support from 41 % .
Four percent ( 4 % ) would prefer another candidate , while six percent ( 6 % ) more are not sure .
Support for both Paul has been at 49 % for three straight surveys while Conway has held steady at 41 % or 42 % .
With the exception of a big bounce immediately after his primary win , Paul has received between 46 % and 50 % support in match - ups with Conway since January .
During the same period , Conway has earned between 34 % and 42 % of the vote .
Fifty Bucks in Little Saigon The Amazing Stuff You Can Afford at Your New Favorite Grocery Store
You ’re in clover .
Kelly O
In white - people grocery stores , the backlit signs shine from a half mile away , the aisles are wide , the floors gleam , and the labels are in English — but the produce is mediocre , the meat is pale , and everything is expensive .
This is not true in Little Saigon , up the hill from Chinatown , where grocery stores are hard to find , distinguished outside by boxes of fruit under tarp awnings and inside by imperfect linoleum floors .
But there you will discover prices so low , you 'll think you 've died and gone to 1954 .
At Lam's Seafood — which is the best of the grocery stores in the area , and maybe the world — you can't find cheese .
( The entire dairy section takes up only the bottom - left quarter of a small cooler , where they stock a few cartons of milk . )
But anything else you could ever want to put into your face , to make any food of any cuisine , abounds .
The seafood : Lam's is more than a fishmonger , but we will start in the seafood section — past the stands of jackfruit and durian , through the impossibly narrow aisles , all the way in the back .
Tilapia are swimming in massive aquariums , and you can purchase one for $ 4.49 a pound , and the men behind the counter will turn it into fillets in minutes .
Live lobsters are $ 7.99 a pound .
Whole octopus is sold for $ 2.99 a pound .
Bins of snails are $ 3.29 a pound .
All the shellfish are there , tanks of clams and crates of crawfish , and a dozen varieties of finfish with fresh , clear eyes are chilling on a queen - size bed of ice .
The halibut flesh is white like taffy , fillets thick as a softball , and it 's cheap : $ 8.99 a pound .
I take some halibut home and poach it with garlic for 10 minutes , toss in some vermouth , salt , and cream , and it 's amazing .
Scallops the size of gerbils are $ 15.99 for one and a half pounds .
Two pounds of massive prawns are $ 9.49 frozen .
You are practically being paid to eat the Pacific Ocean .
The produce : Almost nothing is labeled in English .
But if you know what a thing looks like ( for instance , a bundle of asparagus for $ 1.49 ) , you 're in clover .
Some stuff is loose ( five limes for a dollar !
Three avocados for a dollar !
Guacamole for all ! ) , and lots of other stuff is prebagged ( fresh bamboo shoots for $ 1.29 a pound ) , wrapped ( serrano chilies for $ 1.49 ) , or tied together ( two heads of butter lettuce for $ 1.29 ) .
The roma tomatoes are candy red all the way through and not mealy in the slightest .
There 's lemongrass , basil , shallots , Greek cucumbers , papayas the color of a sunset , all overflowing from wooden crates .
The meat :
You must be warned that an average American can't walk through the Lam 's meat department without at least once thinking , " OHMYGODPEOPLEEATTHAT ? "
Case in point : the pork uteruses ( $ 1.99 a pound ) .
But waltz right past Wilbur 's childhood home to rafts of pork belly ( $ 2.99 a pound ) or pork shoulder , the King of Meats , only $ 1.79 a pound .
( Since we 're on the subject , you really must know how to make a pork shoulder :
Salt the meat liberally and let it sit out for an hour , brown the dickens out of it over high heat , pour in a generous bath of chicken stock and some browned onions and carrots , insert the vessel into your oven at 250 degrees , and then walk away for approximately four to five hours .
Blessed are the frugal . )
Also , rosy chicken , crimson oxtails , marbled steaks — the whole ark .
The tofu :
There is a cooler of soy products .
The soy milk on a Sunday afternoon is still hot — it 's just been made — and has the proper name " soybean juice . "
There is also tofu .
Do n't like tofu ?
You do now .
It is still warm when I get it home , and it crumbles into something that could give ricotta an inferiority complex .
The label shows it was made on 12th and King — about 150 feet west .
The deli :
The deli is so affordable it does n't even make sense .
Rice noodles with barbecued pork and veggies and sauce is $ 2 ; barbecued chicken , spring rolls , and sticky rice are all from $ 1 to $ 3 .
There are steam trays of mysterious meats with the bone still in , strange beans and gravies , and other unidentifiable things .
You can get those rolls that Vietnamese sandwiches come on and make your own pork - shoulder sandwiches .
Of course , all the other stuff you want to make Asian food is at Lam's , from tamarind paste to fresh rice noodles ( new every day , so delicious ) .
But you can get all your white - people food , too — except for cheese .
Ron Hyman , the state 's registrar of vital statistics , knows that the deluge of medical marijuana registry applications his office receives daily has to stop eventually .
After all , he jokes , Colorado only has five million residents .
But given the latest numbers , this humorous line has a certain ring of truth .
As of this month , about 105,000 people have applied to the registry for cards -- which amounts to roughly 2 percent of the state 's population .
To put it another way , the number of would - be medical marijuana patients in Colorado now exceeds the total population of Pueblo -- and it's significantly higher than the percentage of Coloradans who identify themselves as American Indian .
Still , only a fraction of those Coloradans have received their official medical marijuana ID cards : 32,000 in 2010 , Hyman says , with a backlog of 73,000 people whose applications are still being processed .
To deal with that mountain of paperwork , Colorado 's department of health has added 56 temporary employees this year , twenty of whom were hired over the past three weeks .
If all goes as planned , the backlog should be eliminated over the next eight months .
If applications do n't continue to increase exponentially , that is .
As Hyman notes , " We are aware of people moving to Colorado because of this . "
Ever the optimist , Hyman focus on the day -- sooner or later -- when his office 's storage closets will finally be blissfully free of MMJ applications .
" That will be a day to celebrate , " he says .
And he 's sure it 's coming .
After all , he repeats , " There 's only five million in the state . "
FBI files show bureau may have tried to get Zinn fired from Boston University for his political opinions
Those who knew of the dissident historian Howard Zinn would not be surprised that J. Edgar Hoover ’s FBI kept tabs on him for decades during the Cold War .
But in a release of documents pertaining to Zinn , the bureau admitted that one of its investigations into the left - wing academic was prompted not by suspicion of criminal activity , but by Zinn ’s criticism of the FBI ’s record on civil rights investigations .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ In 1949 , the FBI opened a domestic security investigation on Zinn , ” the bureau states .
“ The Bureau noted ZinnÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s activities in what were called Communist Front Groups and received informant reports that Zinn was an active member of the CPUSA ; Zinn denied ever being a member when he was questioned by agents in the 1950s .
“ In the 1960s , the Bureau took another look at Zinn on account of his criticism of the FBIÃ ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s civil rights investigations . ”
On Friday , the FBI released a 243 - page file on Zinn , who died in January at age 87 .
The release describes the historian as “ radical . ”
The documents show the bureau taking an active interest in Zinn since the late 1940s , when he was a student at New York University .
The interest continued through the 1950s , as Zinn worked on his PhD at Columbia University .
When the FBI again took an interest in Zinn in the 1960s , documents show the bureau evidently tried to have the historian fired from his job as professor at Boston University .
In a document from the Boston FBI office ( see PDF file here ) , an FBI “ source , ” whose name was redacted from the publicly released documents , was quoted as being outraged over Zinn ’s comment at a protest that the US had become a “ police state ” and that prosecutions of Black Panther Party members were creating “ political prisoners . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The bureau ’s Boston office then indicated it wanted to help the source in his or her campaign to unseat Zinn .
“ [ The ] Boston [ office ] proposes under captioned program with Bureau permission to furnish [ name redacted ] with public source data regarding Zinn ’s numerous anti-war activities … in an effort to back [ redacted ] efforts for his removal . ”
The bureau ’s response to the request does not appear to have been included in the released documents .
( Raw Story reporters will continue to mine through the documents for more details .
If you want to help , you can view the FBI files here , here and here ( PDF ) .
Send us what you find to [ email protected ] )
ADVERTISEMENT
The FBI notes that its investigations of Zinn — three in total , over 25 years — “ ended in 1974 , and no further investigation into Zinn or his activities was made by the FBI . ”
Zinn had harsh words for the FBI during his academic career .
In a paper published not long before his death , Zinn said the best thing the public could do to curb the FBI ’s powers was to “ continue exposing them . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Of the FBI , he said , “ They do nÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t like social movements .
They work for the establishment and the corporations and the politicos to keep things as they are .
And they want to frighten and chill the people who are trying to change things .
So the best defense against them and resistance against them is simply to keep on fighting back , to keep on exposing them . ”
ATHENS , Greece —
Greek investigators examining last week ’s assassination attempt on a government minister are unraveling evidence of a network of urban guerrilla groups operating across Greece , Spain and Italy .
Europe ’s international police agency , Europol , in its 2010 report noted a 43 - percent increase over the past two years in what it terms “ terrorist ” strikes in these three countries .
In the latest attack in Greece , the minister for the protection of the citizen , Mihalis Chrysochoidis , was sitting just meters away from a bomb that blew up inside his offices last Thursday , killing his deputy .
Despite a drumroll of low - intensity terrorist attacks in recent years , this marked the gravest incident since the Greek Marxist guerrilla group 17 November was broken up by police ahead of the Athens 2004 Olympics .
The granddaddy of Greek terrorist groups had been responsible for killing several Greek politicians , a CIA Athens station chief , a British military attache and a Greek former intelligence chief .
As much of western Europe concentrates its efforts on curbing Islamic extremism , analysts have identified common threads linking several of the groups operating across southern Europe , chiefly anarchism and anti-state sentiment .
A leading Italian anarchist theoretician , Alfredo Maria Bonanno , himself currently serving time in a Greek jail for bank robbery , points to an informal affinity among groups attracted to violence by specific social causes and with an ulterior motive of paralyzing the state .
Brady Kiesling , a former U.S. diplomat and author of “ Diplomacy Lessons : Realism for an Unloved Superpower , ” meantime identifies a clear link between Greek and Italian activists ready to resort to violence to achieve their aims .
“ The personal friendships between Greek and Italian anarchists are clear at every level , ” he said .
“ Greek police have seen so many people go back and forth from Italy — and Italian anarchists have historically been armed — that they ’re right to look into this . ”
Italian security forces defused three suspicious packages in March and April posted to the offices of the Italian prime minister and minister of interior as well as an older one targeting a military base outside Rome .
A group calling itself the Informal Anarchist Federation claimed responsibility for those packages as well as package bombs sent to Greek targets in Spain , including to the embassy in Madrid and a Greek - owned bank .
Greece 's counterterrorism force announced that it was collaborating with Italian and French police .
However , Maria Alvanou , a lecturer in asymmetric threats at the Hellenic Military Academy , warned against attempts to draw a pattern of groups working in unison .
“ It seems there is a link but it ’s too early to say if this is actual collaboration with abroad or just a copycat phenomenon , ” she said .
“ While the rest of Europe is busy dealing with jihadi terrorism , leftist terrorist networks are being resurrected in Greece , ” Alvanou said .
“ They are coming back because Greece now has the kind of problems that Europe faced in the ' 70s : injustice , corruption weak infrastructure and democratic participation issues . ”
The Greek - based anarchist group 325 often carries out Robin Hood - style supermarket raids and issues proclamations declaring that they want to “ tear a hole in the guts of the European Union ” through “ an anarchism long based in the South European Mediterranean Triangle of Greece , Italy and Spain , [ and ] finding fertile ground to spread within many more minds not held by any borders and … receptive to the anarchist vision of a future world without Church , State and Capital . ”
An alphabet soup of at least half a dozen groups make up Greece ’s urban guerrilla scene , the most prominent being Revolutionary Struggle and the Conspiracy of Fire Nuclei .
Secondary groups are Popular Revolutionary Action , the Guerrilla Terrorist Group , Popular Will and Ambush .
Urban guerrilla organizations prefer low - intensity bombs that usually explode outside commercial or political targets and are detonated in the early hours to avoid casualties .
As the economic crisis impacted Greece last year , violence spiked with the killing of a counterterrorist policeman in a bombing claimed by a group called Revolutionary Sect .
Targets have included everything from the U.S. Embassy to the offices of security contractors , a television station , a forest authority facility , the house of an explosives specialist and local police stations .
Last month , twin bombings targeted Athens ’ Korydallos jail and a judiciary complex in the city of Thessaloniki .
“ The whole anarchist movement in Greece is focused around solidarity with imprisoned comrades , ” Kiesling said .
“ So it was clear that with enough people in jail there had to be some kind of retaliation against the police . ”
Greek police arrested several suspected members of Revolutionary Struggle in March and claimed they had decapitated the group .
Overnight , messages daubed on walls and distributed in the cafes of traditional anti-authoritarian neighborhoods disputed this and pledged revenge .
Last Thursday 's bombing of Chrysochoidis ’ office was seen as the promised retaliation .
Half a kilo of professionally assembled explosives were secreted inside a metal box disguised as a vanity publication of the type regularly sent to Greek ministers , according to press reports .
Once it reached the Ministry for the Protection of the Citizen , the A - 3 sized package looked so harmless that it was left lying around the office for a full two days .
Its humdrum appearance saved lives ; by the time the minister ’s deputy opened it at 8.30 p.m. last Thursday , most of the office ’s employees had left .
Suspicions over last week ’s ministry bombing is centering on a group calling itself Popular Will .
The group , which dispatches its bombs through the mail , tried assassinating Chrysochoidis at his private office in February .
The name of Christos Karavelas — a businessman allegedly involved in a security scandal involving Virginia - based company Science Applications International Corporation , Germany ’s Siemens and Greek politicians — was symbolically written on Thursday ’s fatal package .
Popular
Will may have appeared in a previous incarnation just before the Athens 2004 Olympics under the guise of a terrorist group calling itself Popular Rage .
It may derive its name from Narodnaya Volya , the group set up by Lenin ’s brother in Russia prior to the overthrow of the czar and which has the same meaning in Russian .
Anti-terrorist officials believe that a core of activists is responsible for terrorist attacks in Greece but use multiple organizational names to cover their operational tracks .
Despite an emotional funeral and wall - to - wall coverage by Greece ’s media , there have been few public displays of anger about the June 24 attack .
Greek society ’s attitudes to terrorist strikes are ambivalent and range from nonchalance to tacit support of urban guerrilla groups .
“ Terrorism is basically a kind of public entertainment in Greece , ” Kiesling said .
“ It does n’t have anything to do with ordinary people at this point , so it ’s become an empty spectacle , like watching Greek Idol . ”
Maybe the Droid Xtreme name was just a bit too… extreme , but it looks like the smartphone formerly known as the Motorola Shadow will be launching as the Droid X by Motorola .
That ’s the latest we are hearing from a very reliable source ( the same the provided us with oh so much Droid Incredible info ) .
Let ’s run down some of the more interesting things we know about Moto ’s next killer handset :
Rumored OMAP 3630 with PowerVR SGX530 GPU ( and it runs pretty fast )
4.3-inch , 854×480 display
8 MP camera with dual - LED flash
720p HD video recording
HDMI - out
Front - facing camera
Android 2.1
So there you have it , the Droid X , and we are sure to be learning a whole lot more about this one in the coming weeks .
For now I ’ll just say you ’ll want to be checking back here very soon for a special little treat involving the phone with many names .
The Knesset 's House Committee on Monday recommended revoking the privileges of Israeli Arab MK Haneen Zoabi , after she participated in last week 's Gaza - bound aid flotilla which resulted in an IDF raid that killed nine activists .
The decision was passed by a majority of seven to one , with MK Ilan Gilon of Meretz opposing .
The Knesset committee recommended rescinding from Zoabi three key privileges usually granted to Knesset Members .
One is the privilege to exit the country – which is supposed to prevent Zoabi from fleeing Israel if she commits a felony or has debts in Israel .
Another privilege is carrying a diplomatic passport , which according to the Knesset 's legal adviser , is a privilege that does not grant diplomatic immunity so revoking it would not make it more difficult for Zoabi to fulfill her duties .
The third privilege is the right to have the Knesset cover litigation fees of an MK if he or she is put on trial .
The revocation of Zoabi 's privileges is conditional on the approval of the Knesset plenum .
Knesset Speaker Reuven Rivlin decided to hold off on discussing the issue in next week 's Knesset plenum .
Rivlin , who has opposed the move from the beginning , said he wants to study the decision and to receive the advice of the Knesset 's and government 's legal advisers .
The Balad party on Monday condemned the Knesset 's decision to strip Zoabi of her privileges .
" The decision is racist and anti-democratic , " Balad said in a statement .
" The MKs who incite against Zoabi spill her blood – they are calling on the public to harm her and following their decision , her life will be threatened .
These MKs will be responsible for any harm that may be caused to her . "
Earlier on Monday , Zoabi told Haaretz that the members of her Israeli Arab party have been victims of a witch hunt following the Gaza flotilla affair .
Zoabi told Haaretz that the Knesset discussion , which she and members of her party boycotted , erodes the boundaries of democracy .
Zoabi said , however , that the Israeli media emphasizes the protests against her , while in reality , she has received wide support from the Israeli public .
" I receive messages from people that I do n't even know who understand what I have been saying for months - that Balad party members have been victims of a witch hunt , " Zoabi told Haaretz .
Likud MK Yariv Levin , who serves as chairman of the Knesset House Committee , said before the discussion that Haneen Zoabi betrayed the State of Israel and she must be put on trial .
" What Zoabi did crossed the line and even in a democracy there must be red lines .
Whoever sails to Hamas is a supporter of terror , " said Levin .
Obama Science Pledge Falls Flat
Much like his pledge to close Guantanamo within a year , President Obama 's promised deadline to implement a " scientific integrity " program has come and gone .
James Joyner · · 1 comment
Much like his pledge to close Guantanamo within a year , President Obama ’s promised deadline to implement a “ scientific integrity ” program has come and gone .
And the reason is the same in both cases : A naive underestimation of the challenges .
Dan Froomkin :
Last March , President Obama promised he ’d have a strategy for restoring scientific integrity to the federal government on hand by July 29 .
A full year later , federal agencies still have not received any new directives and some government scientists say that conditions have not improved noticeably since Obama took power .
Obama made scientific integrity an issue in his presidential campaign , and his March 9 , 2009 memo outlined a series of high - minded principles — advocating , for instance , for “ transparency in the preparation , identification , and use of scientific and technological information in policymaking . ”
The memo also ordered John Holdren , the director of the White House ’s Office of Science and Technology Policy ( OSTP ) to develop guidelines “ designed to guarantee scientific integrity throughout the executive branch . ”
Obama gave Holdren 120 days .
That deadline came and went .
And Friday is its one - year anniversary .
The White House wo n’t explain what ’s holding things up .
In a June 18 posting on the White House website , Holdren simply said that “ the process has been more laborious and time - consuming than expected at the outset . ”
He set a new deadline , saying he would deliver “ a high - quality product ” to Obama “ in the next few weeks . ”
( That was three weeks ago . )
Froomkin goes on to excoriate the administration for several paragraphs , which is fair enough .
But I ’m willing to chalk most of this up to the foolish enthusiasm of a relatively inexperienced politician who has arrived in a job too big for anyone to handle well .
This , from later in the piece , is pure conjecture .
But plausible :
In many cases , explained [ Jeff ]
Ruch [ executive director of Public Employees for Environmental Responsibility , a whistleblower group ] , scientists are still working for the same managers they were in the Bush administration .
And , he said , “ if you ’re going to have the same people operating with the same rules , you ’re going to have the same results . ”
The extraordinary delay in formulating new rules for the agencies is perplexing to some observers outside government .
“ I really do n’t get what ’s taking them so long , ” said Danielle Brian , executive director of the Project on Government Oversight .
[ Francesca ]
Grifo [ director of the scientific integrity project at the Union of Concerned Scientists ] has a suspicion : “ I think different agencies and different parts of our government have differing amounts of power , and what I suspect is that one of those parts that has a lot of power is probably not happy with parts of it , ” she said .
Ruch has a theory : “ One of the central tensions in the Obama administration is a rhetorical commitment to transparency and a fanatical devotion to message control .
And the two do n’t go together . ”
No , they do n’t .
Washington ’s Blog
July 10 , 2010
As I have previously noted , Corexit is toxic , is less effective than other dispersants , and is actually worsening the damage caused by the oil spill .
Now , two toxicologists are saying that Corexit is much more harmful to human health and marine life than we ’ve been told .
Specifically Gulf toxicologist Dr. Susan Shaw – Founder and Director of the Marine Environmental Research Institute – dove into the oil spill to examine the chemicals present .
Dr. Shaw told CNN :
If I can tell you what happens — because I was in the oil — to people …
Shrimpers throwing their nets into water … [ then ] water from the nets splashed on his skin . …
[ He experienced a ] headache that lasted 3 weeks … heart palpitations … muscle spasms … bleeding from the rectum …
And that ’s what that Corexit does , it ruptures red blood cells , causes internal bleeding , and liver and kidney damage . …
This stuff is so toxic combined … not the oil or dispersants alone .
…
Very , very toxic and goes right through skin .
***
The reason this is so toxic is because of these solvents [ from dispersant ] that penetrate the skin of anything that ’s going through the dispersed oil takes the oil into the cells — takes the oil into the organs … and this stuff is toxic to every organ system in the body . …
Similarly , marine biologist and toxicologist Dr. Chris Pincetich – who has an extensive background in testing the affects of chemicals on fish – says that Corexit disrupts cell membranes .
He also explains that EPA toxicity testing for Corexit is woefully inadequate , since EPA testing for mortality usually only requires a 96 - hour time frame .
His doctoral research found that fish that were alive at 96 hours after exposure to pesticide were dead at two weeks , so the chemicals were considered non-lethal for the purposes of the test .
Drs. Shaw and Pincetich are wildlife conservationists .
But even industry scientists working for Exxon and the manufacturer of Corexit itself admit that the stuff is toxic .
This article was posted : Saturday , July 10 , 2010 at 5:30 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
In the summer heat , America ’s demonstrations of subservience to the Israel lobby are bidding to reach the parody level .
First we have General David Petraeus writing panicked emails to neocon war promoter Max Boot to explain that he did n’t actually say that Israel - Palestine conflict caused strategic difficulties for the United States , and then adding , in an grovel so abject as to cause wonder how the guy got to be a general , would it help to know that he ’s recently had the Elie Wiesels over as dinner guests .
( Boot calmly replied that the grovel was n’t necessary , the worry was n’t over “ anti-semitism ” but the lobby ’s concern , boiled down to its essence , that Petraeus might not be absolutely and completely willing to recognize that America ’s national interest and Israel ’s are identical . )
Then we have President Obama , who definitely knows better , capitulating on every issue of contention between Washington and Netanyahu - Lieberman coalition , failing so obviously to call attention to Israel ’s illegal settlements that one commentator thought that Netanyahu had himself established a settlement on the White House grounds .
Now finally comes CNN — a pioneer in global broadcasting and at one time a major force in world journalism — firing twenty year veteran editor Octavia Nasr for a 140 character twitter tweet that expressed “ respect ” for a highly respected Shi’ite Muslim cleric , Ayotallah Fadlallah .
I ’ve lived in America most of fifty - eight years , and though I missed out on the McCarthy era as an infant , I find the firing almost unbelievable .
For what Nasr did , simply , was to fail to express an emotion other than the mandated bigotry and contempt for a figure who was highly accomplished , respected and revered in much of the Islamic world .
I had never before heard of Ayotallah Fadlallah — but he was significant enough within Islam for the Times to devote to him a major obituary .
Octavia
Nasr ’s tweet was nearly anodyne — and obviously failed to convey much complexity about a figure who had justified some acts of terrorism , criticized others , ( such as 9 - 11 ) and was viewed a religious modernizer with the Sh’ite world .
But it was not enough to stop America ’s thought police , or , more accurately , the thought police of a foreign power who operate at will in America .
Led by Abe Foxman of the Anti-Defamation League , the war - mongering Weekly Standard , and former Israeli prison camp guard Jeffrey Goldberg , a campaign against Octavia Nasr was begun .
It achieved its aims so quickly most observers hardly realized there was a controversy .
Apparently mention , even in a tweet , that a figure associated with Hezbollah might be worthy of respect was the kind of thought crime that had to be snuffed out , decisively and immediately .
Everyone instantly realized that .
Of course there were some complications : as Think Progress ’s Matt Duss pointed out in a brilliant post , Ayotallah Fadlallah was not only a revered figure in Lebanon , but in Shi’ite Iraq , where he wielded considerable influence over Nouri Al - Maliki ’s ruling Da’wa party — to the extent that the American backed party is unwilling to transgress moral and political guidelines that he has a strong hand in setting .
Says Duss :
So here ’s the neocon logic :
When a reporter acknowledges the passing of a revered , if controversial figure in a way that does n’t sufficiently convey what a completely evil terrorist neocons think that figure was — that ’s unacceptable .
But when the United States spends nearly a trillion dollars , loses over 4,000 of its own troops and over 100,000 Iraqis to establish a new government largely dominated by that same “ terrorist ’s ” avowed acolytes — that ’s victory .
There are all many levels of political subservience , but the kind which the Israel lobby demands would be particularly easy for CNN , and other Americans , to shrug off .
They could quite simply say no .
What would Jeffrey Goldberg do ?
As it is , one hopes that if there is any justice , CNN will pay a price for its submissiveness , and at the very least will be see its way to formally apologizing to Octavia Nasr for what will one day be seen go down as one of the most craven and shameful capitulations in the history of American broadcast journalism .
Editor ’s update : Here is David Ignatius in the Washington Post showing respect for Fadlallah in 2002 ( h/t Sean Lee ) :
“ I came away with sincere respect for Fadlallah ’s intellect and passion ; he is one of the few Muslim clerics who recognize that there is an urgent need for Islam to find a better accommodation with the West .
And he has a nimble mind , which is evident in the curious eyes and the arched eyebrows that seem to reach almost to his black turban as he listens to questions . "
And gazing on thee , sullen tree ,
Sick for thy stubborn hardihood ,
I seem to fail from out my blood
And grow incorporate into thee .
-- Alfred Tennyson , In Memoriam A.H.H .
I 'm standing in vacuum atop a dead ravine , idly counting the delicate protrusions of ice that run along the opposite slope .
This tiny world surrendered the last of its formative heat to the void eons ago , and the rocks that surround me have not shifted an inch in a billion years .
The rapidity of my pulse seems a rude disruption of this most solemn and still of tombs .
But just a few minutes prior , I waded into azure pools beneath a cinnamon sky , while twin stars jostled for attention overhead .
And before that , I jet - packed across teeming valleys , watching from high above as birds flitted among trees of crystal .
And when I started playing Noctis IV about thirty minutes ago , the first world I set upon was racked by earthquakes and seas of lava , and a hostile atmosphere of pressurized acid sought entry through the joints of my space suit .
Taken as a conglomerate , these myriad and disparate worlds are enough to make Rutger Hauer cry all over again ; to make Keir Dullea turn away in astonishment and head for home .
Noctis IV is a freeware space simulator created by Alessandro ( Alex ) Ghignola .
Noctis ' first iteration appeared in 1996 , but Alex 's release of the game 's source code in 2003 has fueled a growing player base and an active mod community .
Noctis shares little in common with most games , as there is almost no story of which to speak ; no enemies , no levels and no end in sight .
The player 's sole goal is to explore a galaxy of some 70 billion star systems , each with its own array of planets and moons .
Noctis is a convincing and evocative mirror of a true - to - science galaxy and an ambitious distillation of our reality into an executable less than one megabyte in size .
It is empirical enterprise given artistic form in a way that only the interactive medium of games can accommodate .
Each of Noctis ' worlds is geographically unique .
They run the gamut from verdant paradises to blasted wastelands and range in size from gas giants to mere hunks of rock .
Noctis exhibits a lifetime 's variety of terrain , and even a single planet 's conditions can differ drastically , depending on latitude .
The only thing that all of Noctis ' variegated worlds have in common is an overwhelming and pervasive sense of loneliness .
In this game , there are no living cities or societies to be found ; no friends to embrace , nor foes to thwart ; no messages to receive or send ; no voices to contrast with the endless vacuum .
There is an air of tragedy about Noctis - even ( and especially ) on the worlds with no atmosphere .
There is something inexpressibly sad about an entire planet bereft of life , and in Noctis , even those planets that seethe with life lack the all - important characteristic of sentience .
As I peer upon world after world from the narrow confines of my helmet , my natural excitement at gazing upon features that nobody has ever seen before is always muted by the knowledge that nobody ever will see them , except for me .
Even considering all the other Noctis players out there , there is only a miniscule chance that any of them will ever stumble upon the same lonely corners of the universe as I .
How wasteful it seems that so much should exist , and yet so precious few to experience it !
What good is nigh - endless variety if there is nobody to catalogue it ?
What good is beauty if no one is around to appreciate it ?
The very concepts of " variety " and " beauty " are inextricably bound to the concept of the perceptive mind ; in the absence of the latter , the former cannot persist .
Noctis , therefore , presents certain paradoxes .
It is beautiful from the player 's perspective , but ultimately hollow from the player - character's .
Its worlds speak to the permanence of matter , but its sole sentient being is characterized by transience .
To play Noctis is to be torn in every direction in a desperate attempt to reconcile these profound contrarieties .
North Carolina ’s Appalachian State University will not have students read Judy Shepard ’s book The Meaning of Matthew : My Son ’s Murder in Laramie , and a World Transformed over the summer , because it is homophobic .
( Get your LOLs out of the way now . )
Kathy Staley , an archivist at App State ’s Belk Library , wrote on her Facebook Monday that the committee had not chosen Shepard ’s book , “ The Meaning of Matthew : My Son ’s Murder in Laramie , and a World Transformed , ” because some found it to contain “ homophobic ” passages .
Staley wrote , “ Did anyone find Judy Shepard ’s ‘ The Meaning of Matthew ’ homophobic ?
I did n’t but ASU ’s summer reading group nixed it because two readers found it homophobic . ”
At least one of those readers , whose identity has n’t been divulged to qnotes , is a friend of Staley ’s .
She said they ’d yet to respond to our request through her for comment .
Or maybe Judy is just too close to LGBT issues to be … an objective source ?
Dr. Emory Maiden , professor of English and director of the summer reading program , told qnotes via email that it would be a “ huge oversimplification ” to attribute the program ’s book choices to any single issue .
He said the book failed to meet the program ’s several criteria .
He said the committee had a “ long and …reasonable discussion ” regarding the book but said “ one of the dominant concerns [ was ] whether this writer —
Matthew ’s mother — was the best spokesperson to bring to campus on this issue — most people thought not — there were better voices to be heard . ”
He wrote : “ [ C ] ommittee members wondered aloud about how her book would work as a discussion of the oppression of and attacks on those who are perceived to be ‘ Other ’ — as a clear starting point for a discussion of different life styles and sexual identity , but would also be a gateway into the broader concerns for hate crimes and social justice .
So , our discussion was not focused on a single issue , but several — and finally was about how the book might develop and engage a broad readership — and that is as it should be for consideration for a book the whole University community would read . ”
Maiden also said he was n’t aware that anyone in particular thought the book to be homophobic but that there were “ concerns that a grief - stricken mother had gotten into print on a subject that she neither wholly understand nor have ( sic ) a broad experience with . ”
Anyone who ’s seen Judy Shepard ’s courageous journey from grieving mother to outspoken advocate knows what a farce the above conclusions are ; Judy is both teacher and student , adviser and advisee , and perhaps the most articulate and grounded primary source on hate crimes and LGBT equality .
There is a difference between being “ tainted ” and being “ knowledgeable . ”
There ’s an even greater difference between being “ biased ” and “ being on the side of what ’s right . ”
[ qnotes ]
Soft Pauer has announced that its official Formula One 2010 live timing and track positioning application is now available from Android Market .
The smash hit 5 - star rated App has up until now only been available on the Apple platform .
Because the Formula
One 2010 timing and track positioning app is so graphically rich and interactive , Soft Pauer delayed launching on the Android platform until Google 's 2.1 Android software was taken up by the other handset providers .
Now anyone with a smart phone operating on this system can enjoy Soft Pauer 's unique App and follow Formula
One anywhere in the world .
The App takes the official live timing information from Formula One , and translates it into a dynamic / interactive track map not found anywhere else .
This map shows the precise location of all of the cars on the circuit simultaneously .
Users can zoom in , view the track from any angle , follow their favourite driver and keep up to date with exactly what 's happening , wherever they are .
Live text commentary , circuit data , breaking news and background information on all the teams and drivers make this the most comprehensive F1 App available , and the only one you can review again and again .
Soft Pauer co-founder and No1 tech geek Alex Powell says " I 'm thrilled we can push this information out to more fans now .
Android is fast becoming the next major player in the App market and it's right that we 're available on this platform . "
The App is available in English , French and German at a cost of just £ 14.99 / €19.99 for the entire season .
Support and service information is constantly updated at twitter .com / f1timingapp and on Facebook .
Fans of the App include ex-F1 driver Johnny Herbert : " I love this App .
The level of detail and the insight you can gain from it make it an absolute must for all F1 fans .
It really helps you keep on top of the racing wherever you are " .
You can download the application now by visiting the Android Market and search for F1 or visit softpauer.com
By Carrie - Ann Skinner , PC - Advisor -( UK ) Using Twitter and Facebook at work will make you a better employee , says the University of Melbourne .
According to a study by the Australian University , 70 percent of office employees use the internet at work for personal reasons .
Of them , nine percent were more productive compared to employees that did n't use the web for fun .
" Workplace internet leisure browsing ( WILB ) can help sharpen workers ' concentration , " said Brent Coker , from the University 's department of management and marketing .
" People need to zone out for a bit to get back their concentration .
" Coker defined WLIB activities as browsing the web for information and reviews of products , reading online news sites , playing online games , keeping up - to - date with friends activities on social networking sites and watching videos on YouTube .
" Short and unobtrusive breaks , such as a quick surf of the internet , enables the mind to rest itself , leading to a higher total net concentration for a days ' work , and as a result , increased productivity , " he added . " Firms spend millions on software to block their employees from watching videos , using social networking sites or shopping online under the pretence that it costs millions in lost productivity
That 's not always the case .
" Cooker said the study reflected people who browsed the web of 20 percent or less of their working day .
" Those who behave with internet addiction tendencies will have a lower productivity than those without , " he added .
This glimmering apparition is Comet McNaught , which is visiting the inner solar system and may become visible with the naked eye by the end of the month .
This is the first visit to the solar system by the million - kilometer comet .
Advertisement
Comet photographer Michael Jaeger snapped two amazing images of Comet McNaught the other day , as it makes its approach to our neighborhood .
Check out the thin blue gas tail .
Here 's another look :
Advertisement
More images at the links .
[ Michael Jaeger via SpaceWeather and SkyandTelescope ]
Code : #include < std_disclaimer.h>
/* * Your warranty is now void .
* * I am not responsible for bricked devices , dead SD cards , * thermonuclear war , or you getting fired because the alarm app failed .
Please * do some research if you have any concerns about features included in this ROM * before flashing it !
YOU are choosing to make these modifications , and if * you point the finger at me for messing up your device , I will laugh at you .
*/
CyanogenMod is a free , community built distribution of Android 2.2 ( Froyo ) which greatly extends the capabilities of your phone .
This is an AOSP - based build with extra contributions from many people which you can use without any type of Google applications .
I found a link from some other project that can be used to restore the Google parts , which can be found below or elsewhere in the thread .
I 've still included the various hardware - specific code , which seems to be slowly being open - sourced anyway .
All source code is available at the CyanogenMod Github !
Send pull requests with your changes !-
First time flashing CM 6 to your Nexus ( or coming from another ROM ) ?
1 .
Unlock / root your device and install Clockwork Recovery via ROM Manager or Amon_RA 's recovery image 2 . Do a Nandroid backup !
3 .
Update your radio if necessary4 .
WIPE5 .
Install the ROM5 .
Optionally install the Google Addon - Upgrading from earlier CM6? 1 . Do a Nandroid Backup !
2 .
Install the ROM ( your Google apps will be backed up automatically ) -
Was it a hard reboot ?
Get me the file " / proc/last_kmsg " . -
Was it a soft reboot or a " boot loop " ?
Run " adb logcat " and get me the full output .-
Pastebin links preferred -
Please use the issue tracker whenever possible !
Please visit the CyanogenMod Wiki for step - by - step installation walkthroughs and tons of other useful information .
The preferred method of installation is via ROM Manager , or you can head over to the CM Forums for manual downloads .
Thank you to EVERYONE involved in helping with testing , coding , debugging and documenting !
Enjoy !
Even though I do n't sign , and speak orally , it was so much easier for me to communicate with mr.
slinkerwink via the FaceTime app than it was to hear his voice through the speaker in a loud environment .
I could see his face , read his lips , and it was quite revolutionary for me .
Even though the FaceTime app is limited to WiFi , and to other iPhones , hopefully there 'll be another app in which you can do a video call with anyone with a phone , or a laptop .
So you would n't be necessarily stuck with just the FaceTime app , and hoping your friends and family will have iPhone 4Gs as well when you do a video call to them .
Also , in one major way that is a huge boon to the deaf community is the fact that video relay can be accomplished on the iPhone4G .
It gets rid of the need to be tethered at home to the VR setup on the television , and allows the deaf person to call a hearing person via VR and another deaf person via VR as well if that deaf person does n't have the iPhone 4G but the standard VR setup .
Here 's more on ZVRS , the first video relay service company to provide this sort of service on the iPhone 4G :
So I was thrilled to see the recent announcement that Apple and AT&T are partnering with a VRS ( video relay services ) company called ZVRS .
They are integrating new software into the iPhone 4 and FaceTime , to offer real - time sign language interpretation .
In other words , this will allow hearing - and speech - impaired users and their hearing contacts to communicate with each other via mobile !
This is a tremendous development that has been a long time coming .
The ZVRS software coming to the iPhone 4 is called iZ , and it will be released on July 26 — the 20th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act .
This item caught the eye of Amy Cohen Efron , of Deaf World as Eye See It , and Karen Putz , from A Deaf Mom Shares Her World .
They both covered the Philadelphia event announcing the news last week , and Putz writes about the crowd of hundreds witnessing the moment audience members were invited to demo the service by making video relay calls live : " It was absolutely amazing to watch each of them communicate via using a cell phone .
How many of us have dreamed of that day ?
The day is here ! "
Indeed the day is here .
I have also dreamed of being able to make video calls on a cellphone , but I never thought that it 'd happen so soon within my lifetime .
I remember when cell phones became ubiquitous and my high school classmates were snapping up Razrs like mad in 2000 , I 'd sigh and wish wistfully out loud to my mom that I wished I could make video calls to her and to anyone else so I would n't have to be stuck with my old beeper for text messages .
Well , now when my husband and I get the new iPhone4G , we can make video calls to each other instead of having to send text messages to each other , or looking for a quiet place in order to hear each other on the phone .
It usually was , " Honey ?
Can you say that one more time ?
I do n't quite understand you . "
Then I 'd fake a " Yes , I understand , honey , " just to cut the conversation short and hang up .
This will definitely improve our trips to the grocery store , and I can decide from home which kind of milk my husband should get at the store :- D
Is n't technology wonderful in that way ?
Heh .
Bine aţi venit la S.C. WIRAX DISTRIBUTIE S.R.L
Comercializam si distribuim la nivel national , in peste 10 de puncte de lucru si in Ungaria , o gama larga de utilaje agricole noi , prin import direct de la producator .
Asiguram piese de schimb si consumabile pentru o gama larga de utilaje agricole si tractoare .
Pentru preturi si detalii de transport va stam la dispozitie la numarul de contact : 0744.843.495
Utilaje Agricole Wirax Tractoare Piese Schimb
Is That Magic I 'm Stepping In ?
READER COMMENTS ON
" Associated Press Sees No , Hears No , Speaks No E- Voting System Fraud Nor Failure "
( 18 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... schrank said on 6/28/2010 @ 3:59 pm PT ...
Brad , it looks like you have the state of South Carolina all locked up !
Is n't 100 % unverifiable E-voting wonderful ?!?!?!
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Mark da Shark said on 6/28/2010 @ 4:24 pm PT ...
According to Public Policy Polling , a Democratic Party - affiliated polling group , Rawl had " only 4 % favorable name recognition " .
http://publicpolicypolli...06/greene-situation.html
This appears to be a race between an unknown and an almost unknown .
Why do people consider Rawl to be a " well known " candidate , and this was his race to lose ?
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 6/28/2010 @ 6:09 pm PT ...
I would vote for you !
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Mark da Shark said on 6/28/2010 @ 7:31 pm PT ...
Brad wrote : " I 've officially changed my name to Brad Friedmane and am hereby announcing my candidacy for President of the United States in 2012 . "
Even though Al Greene ( not to be confused with the singer ) has worked in SC , I would suggest changing your name to Gene Kelly .
That name seems to work better .
" Over the past two decades , Mr. Kelly , 81 , a gadfly who barely campaigns , has won almost 9 million votes in 14 contests .
His critics attribute his success to being sometimes mistaken for the movie star who died in 1996 .
And now , they fear he 'll drag Mr. Noriega , the likely nominee , into a costly and distracting runoff . "
" 1990 primary : Gets 64 percent of the vote to defeat respected state appellate judge Fred Biery for Democratic nomination for Texas Supreme Court , Place 1 . " " 2000 primary : Gets 36 percent of the vote to finish first in five - person race for U.S. Senate . "
" 2000 runoff : Gets 58 percent of the vote to beat former state Rep. Charles Gandy of Austin . "
http://www.dallasnews.co...te.Edition1.46364af.html
" Sadly , there are enough idiots voting in the Democratic primary who will then go into the booth and vote for him , we presume because they 're either stupid or think it 's funny , never mind the real - world political consequences .
In 2006 , enough people did so in the U.S. Senate race that it forced a serious candidate , Barbara Radnofsky , into a runoff , wasting precious time and campaign money she could have been using to focus on her challenge to Kay Bailey Hutchison .
( Of course , one could make the argument that Radnofsky 's campaign never had a chance against an incumbent with 60 % approval ratings , but still … ) "
http://www.austinchronic...gs/News?oid=oid%3A575068
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... camusrebel said on 6/28/2010 @ 9:12 pm PT ...
I know a great VP candidate who would be honored to be your running mate ..... Camusrebele Could someone please refresh my memory on 2 points ?
1 ) Was there or not several precincts ( 20 - 25 I believe was bandied about ) with more votes tallied than actual voters registered .
Last thing I remember this was being " debunked " .
2 ) Was n't there a poll that had Demint beating Rawl by only 7 % , 50 - 43 ?
That is like being behind for an incumbent so early in the process .
I know I could and should do the googling / research myself but w/ so many well versed , engaged citizens milling about this place , maybe someone could help me out off the top of their head .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... camusrebel said on 6/28/2010 @ 9:21 pm PT ...
i'm too busy figuring out what hunting partner I 'm going to get drunk with and shoot in the face .
that and trying to remember the words to John Cafferty and the Beaver Brown Band's , " On the Dark Side "
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 6/28/2010 @ 9:33 pm PT ...
I do n't get it about the 'e ' .
Singer / Rev Al Green 's name has no 'e ' .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Mark da Shark said on 6/29/2010 @ 1:12 am PT ...
camusrebel asked , " 1 ) Was there or not several precincts ( 20 - 25 I believe was bandied about ) with more votes tallied than actual voters registered .
Last thing I remember this was being " debunked " . "
The Rawl Campaign made and withdrew this claim .
I posted links in this discussion on this blog .
https://bradblog.com/?p=7902 camusrebel asked , " 2 ) Was n't there a poll that had Demint beating Rawl by only 7 % , 50 - 43 ?
That is like being behind for an incumbent so early in the process . "
According to the Rawl Campaign , this was their own poll .
" Walter Ludwig , Rawl 's campaign manager , questions the PPP 's data , though .
According to him , the Rawl campaign had a poll conducted ten days before the primary looking ahead to the general election in November .
It only had us trailing Jim DeMint 50 - 43 , " said Ludwig .
He say the campaign sent out 220,000 robo-calls and another 300,000 emails about Rawl 's campaign . "
http://www.wmbfnews.com/...bal/Story.asp?s=12637260
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Debt Advice said on 6/29/2010 @ 3:31 am PT ...
{ Ed note : Comment deleted .
Commercial spam.}
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Walter Ludwig said on 6/29/2010 @ 5:53 am PT ...
Actually , that was a public poll : http://scindex.blogspot....poll-results-for-sc.html
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Mark da Shark said on 6/29/2010 @ 6:21 am PT ...
Walter Ludwig replied , " Actually , that was a public poll : " Who paid for the poll ?
As I read the article , it seems to me that it was Rawl Campaign .
Is that right ?
http://www.wmbfnews.com/...bal/Story.asp?s=12637260
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... colinjames said on 6/29/2010 @ 10:02 am PT ...
Public poll , private poll , totem pole , all irrelevant .
Facts is facts .
Electronic voting machine malfeasance and / or error is the cause of Alvin " I hid in my dad 's basement and all I got was this lousy Senate nomination " Greene 's ' victory ' , and if you do n't believe that , either you have n't been paying attention or are hopelessly ideologically compromised .
" You " being the universal you .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Frank Henry said on 6/29/2010 @ 7:53 pm PT ...
Brad , you 've got my VOTe .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Joan said on 7/1/2010 @ 3:51 am PT ...
Does this mean you wo n't be a Secret Agent anymore ?
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 7/1/2010 @ 7:18 pm PT ...
If I were a South Carolinian I would try to get all disgruntled Democrats to write - in Rawl .
( I know I said this before but I 'm giving it one more shot .
Never mind if there are n't enough votes to elect him .
A big show of hand - marked paper ballots ( the only way a SC voter can write in a candidate , I believe ) would be a wonderful thing in and of itself .
Also it would be fun to see all the gyrations the AP would have to do to explain the results .
A bit of organiztion could go a long way .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Mark da Shark said on 7/2/2010 @ 11:18 am PT ...
Lora wrote , " A bit of organiztion could go a long way . "
To expand on your point , in a different direction .
State Senator Paul Leventis ( D - 35 ) has gotten involved on this issue .
He sent a letter to the State Election Commission requesting " ... that all voting machines used during Tuesday ’s statewide primaries be impounded by the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division and a full accounting of the vote totals be conducted .... "
If this was n't just a political stunt ( sorry to be so cynical ) , and if I was South Carolinian , I would be pushing him to introduce a bill to outlaw these machines .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Mark da Shark said on 7/2/2010 @ 11:30 am PT ...
Sorry , that is State Senator Phil Leventis ( D - 35 ) .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... hugo said on 7/6/2010 @ 10:23 pm PT ...
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
The recession has hit the baby boomers hard .
Not only has it affected their earnings , their ability to own a home and other trappings of middle - class life , but also , of course , their sex lives , which AARP reported last month had taken a major hit during the recession .
But now , in perhaps a related bit of news , the New York Times reported this weekend that for the second year in a row , middle - aged people have suffered the highest suicide rate in the country .
Normally , people over 80 are the most likely to take their own lives .
But since 2006 , baby boomers in the 45 - to 54 - year - old range have been killing themselves in record numbers , according to data from the Centers for Disease Control .
In hindsight , the suicide numbers look like a warning sign about the coming collapse of the economy , suggesting that many people in their prime working years were already feeling the economic stress of what would become an epidemic of foreclosures and job losses before those losses actually started showing up on anyone ’s radar screen .
The middle - age suicide rate jumped first in 2006 , at the peak of the housing bubble , a sign perhaps that it was n’t just John Paulson who understood back then that the bust was imminent .
Remember when the Israeli Defence Force was regarded as one of the finest militaries in the world ?
That myth was finally laid to rest this week by the disastrous assault on the flotilla ferrying aid to the Gaza strip .
The raid by Israeli commandos in international waters which left at least nine peace activists dead was just the latest IDF operation condemned for its ‘ disproportionate use of force ’ .
Having witnessed the IDF in action in the West Bank and Gaza , I ca n’t say I ’m surprised , though I confess there was a time when I bought into the IDF mythology .
Back when I was a young soldier with the British military , the Israelis conducted the legendary counter - terror operation on Entebbe Airport in Uganda .
The raid on Entebbe left me and many others with the impression that the IDF was a first - class military .
I admired them greatly until 2002 — when I began advising media clients in the West Bank and Gaza .
Seeing the IDF operate at ground level was one of the biggest wake - up calls of my adult life .
Over a period of fourteen months , I watched members of the IDF conduct themselves more like thugs than professional soldiers .
The heavy handed tactics employed not only against Palestinian civilians but members of the media attempting to cover the conflict saddened and sickened me in equal measure .
I personally was on the receiving end of a completely unwarranted and unprovoked assault by IDF bullies who shoved an assault rifle into my forehead even though I was unarmed .
My crime ?
They did n’t like what my clients were reporting .
The soldiers let me go with a few broken fingers .
What I saw in the West Bank and Gaza was not a first - class fighting force but something much scarier – a third - class military with first - class technology .
Some will argue , and rightly so , that every military suffers from isolated incidents of unprofessional behaviour .
But the IDF has demonstrated a clear pattern of resorting to disproportionate force when it encounters resistance .
This can not be explained away as a ‘ few bad apples in the ranks ’ .
The rot is from the top on down .
You only have to look at the video clip the IDF released of the assault on the Mavi Marmara passenger ship as evidence of poor leadership .
Mind you , this clip was released to defend the IDF , but there ’s plenty there to condemn the planners of the operation such as the decision to fast rope onto the deck of the ship from a helicopter armed with paint guns and pistols .
An assault of this nature hinges on three factors ; speed , aggression and surprise .
As soon as the soldiers hit the deck they were set upon by activists wielding metal pipes , knives and other improvised weapons that rendered the paint guns useless .
Some of the soldiers reportedly had their pistols taken from them .
The crucial elements of speed and surprise were lost .
Once the soldiers were surrounded , they could n’t scramble back up the rope into the heli .
They had no choice but to stand and defend themselves .
Had the IDF forgone the fast - roping and instead boarded exclusively with small crafts at various entry points on the ship ’s hull , the individual raiding teams would have had the option to withdraw rather than open fire .
It beggars belief that no one has lost their job over the unnecessary bloodletting on the Mavi Marmara .
The whole operation was deplorable .
The IDF commanders who planned it should be court - martialled and Israel ’s Defence Minister , Ehud Barak should resign .
If history is anything to go by , the IDF will conduct an investigation into what happened and then clear itself of any wrong - doing .
Anyone who attempts to counter the finding will no doubt be branded anti-Semitic and / or dismissed .
But the IDF ca n’t stick its head in the sand forever .
They need commanders with the knowledge and skills to execute delicate operations successfully .
To be fair , the IDF were not the only ones at fault here .
The leaders of the Free Gaza flotilla should have ensured that none of the activists on board the ships would resort to violence .
Had they responded non-violently to the IDF assault , it is entirely possible that no lives would have been lost .
If there is another attempt to breach the Gaza blockage , I do hope the peace activists keep it peaceful .
Because as this week ’s tragic events have shown , violent resistance will be met by overwhelming force .
It is really stimulating and also capture your attention .
it really going to make you surprise about the incomparable art of designers who have design such a marvelous piece of art .
One can hardly see such an unprecedented work of art .
These are surely going to change your typical concept of your bedroom .
You really crave to have one of them .
Those are our favorite matchless photos .
In 2009 the world was home to 10 m people who had at least $ 1 m to invest , according to Capgemini , a consulting firm , and Merrill Lynch , an investment bank .
Between them , such people had a total of $ 39 trillion in investible assets .
That is 16.3 % higher than last year 's 8.6 m , but still slightly lower than in 2007 .
America is home to 2.9 m very wealthy people , over a quarter of the world 's total .
Although it had only 127,000 high - net - worth individuals in 2009 , India saw the numbers of such people grow by over 50 % last year alone .
Among the countries studied , the chances of running into a very wealthy person are highest in Switzerland , where 30 out of every 1,000 people make the cut .
Pop Arcana ( 4 )
By : Erik Davis
June 30 , 2010
Editor ’s note :
This is one of the most popular posts , traffic - wise , ever published on HiLobrow .
Click here to see a list of the Top 25 Most Popular posts ( as of October 2012 ) ; and click here for an archive of all of HILOBROW ’s most popular posts .
*
Over thirty years ago , a handful of initiates into a vibrant and esoteric Italian mystery school took up hand drills and picks and started to dig a hole into the side of a mountain in the foothills of the Alps .
The property , an hour north of Turin in the Valchiusella valley , was called the Federation of Damanhur , and it is now one of the most complex , dynamic , and creative intentional communities on the planet .
With over six hundred permanent residents , and hundreds more “ citizens ” of various grades scattered around Italy and the world , Damanhur possesses an enviable range of quality businesses , workshops , schools , healing centers , and quasi - independent collective homes , all organized according to an innovative governance system notable for its pragmatism and productivity .
Damanhur organizes conferences , restores medieval buildings , sells high - end cloth and foodstuffs , and trades goods and services among themselves using their own currency .
But the community ’s on - the - ground success story pales in comparison to what that hole in a mountain became .
Over the weeks and years , without much formal training , working at night and with music blaring to cover up the drills , a select crew of Damanhurians hollowed out a series of mighty chambers and passageways , all without other members of the community — to say nothing of the greater world — clueing - in to their secret work .
With tenacious devotion and a startling degree of art , they transformed these underground spaces into the Temples of Humankind : a remarkable otherworldly honeycomb of sacred murals , onyx mosaics , stained glass , sculpture , inlaid marble , hidden passageways , precious metals , mirrored stone , alchemical elixirs , and — who knows ? — maybe even the cosmic energy circuits , intergalactic portals , and temporal wormholes that the people of Damanhur suggest are the ultimate functions of their sacred architecture .
In 1993 , the Italian authorities got wind of the Temples and , with encouragement from a grumpy Vatican , raided the property .
Unable to find the entrance to the defiantly unofficial temples , they threatened to blow up the mountain .
The founder of Damanhur , an enigmatic but appealing character named Oberto Airaudi ( “ Falco ” within the community , whose members go by animal and plant names ) had to make a choice .
According to the story told in Checkmate to Time , a charming comic book sold in the Damanhur gift shop and available in English in The Traveler ’s Guide to Damanhur ( North Atlantic Press , 2009 ) , Falco consulted with a council of cosmic powers .
The council was divided , with some proclaiming the earth too hopeless a case to risk the revelation of sacred technology to the secular authorities .
Falco then decided to open up the temples to the officials , who were suitably moved and astounded by what they saw , even as they remained unclear about their responsibilities .
Four years later , after an intense PR campaign and a protracted legal battle , the Temples — which continue to be revised and expanded today — were formally protected , and are open to devoted visitors for the somewhat pricey fee of 60 Euro .
I was perfectly happy to fork over the money when I visited Damanhur last spring , however , because I am a spiritual tourist .
It ’s a tag I wear proudly , not because I am not also a traveler and a seeker , but because I like to do my traveling and my seeking with full knowledge ( and enjoyment ) that I am a tourist as well .
Besides , serious seekers limit their pilgrimages in ways that the eclectic , omnivorous , and sometimes willfully perverse spiritual tourist does not .
I have gotten as much out of tacky roadside shrines and UFO cults as the most charismatic buildings of the A - list faiths .
It ’s all about perspective .
I willfully cut my sacred with profanation , and keep my eyes peeled for sparkling ironies as well as eruptions of the marvelous .
Visionary experiences occasionally occur , though mostly when I have n’t been looking for them ; in general I have found that attention , pleasure , and an open mind is all the reverence necessary to meet the powers that inhabit a place .
Like all tourists , I am on the hunt for a thrill , but I know that a spiritual thrill , “ genuine ” or not , can be an initiation , a portal , a wake - up call .
My guide to the Temples of Humankind was Esperide Ananas , a former PR pro who serves as the Director of International Relations for the Federation of Damanhur — a snazzy title that makes up somewhat for the unfortunate translation of her Damanhurian name , which is Butterfly Pineapple .
Given Damanhur ’s debt to the visionary spiritual counterculture of the 1970s , Esperide was appropriately decked out in tight designer jeans , foxy pumps , a wide woven belt , and an Egyptian pendant the golden color of her big head of frizzy hair .
Relaxed and funny , she proved a decidedly groovy Virgil as she led me through a parking lot to a nondescript door that led us to an elevator that delivered us finally into Damanhur ’s labyrinth of astonishment .
Before I visited the valley , I had checked out the lavishly illustrated Damanhur book put out by Alex Grey ’s COSM Press ( and written by Esperide ) as well as the British seeker Jeff Merrifield ’s sympathetic half - insider book of the same name .
But these did not come close to preparing me for the scale , intensity , quality , and profound intentionality of the community ’s templum mysticum , whose vibrant nexus of materials , forces , signs , images and uncanny implications makes Damanhur ’s Temples the most colossal and transformative expression of modern visionary art that I have had the privilege to see .
Even if you are allergic to the programmatic New Age homilies on some of the murals , the bravura , invention , and sheer craft of the Temples must be recognized as belonging to a major work of world art , at least in a popular or “ outsider ” vein .
At the same time , part of the transformative power of the Temples is their reach beyond the categories of art and architecture , sacred or otherwise .
The Temples are , in some fundamental sense , something else , utterly present manifestations of a process very much beyond our ordinary ken : an esoteric time machine perhaps , or an Epcot Center for visiting ETs , or a memory palace echoing with the pregnant footfalls of our once and future species .
Whatever else they are doing , the Temples are making the visitor a subliminal or esoteric proposition , and however vague and outlandish these implications remain for the cagier spiritual tourist , there is , as the author Richard Grossinger writes , “ no escaping the fact that everything in the temples is devoted to the faith that this proposition is real . ”
My tour began , like some hermetic ladder planted in base matter , in a two - chambered hall deep in the mountain and dedicated to the Earth .
Entering the lower chamber , I stepped onto a finely - crafted mosaic floor whose figures represented , as do many designs in the Temples , the stages in a human life ; images of tourist cameras and space stations announced the temples ’ refreshing refusal to banish the icons of contemporary society for the sake of a fantasized “ timelessness . ”
The surrounding circular wall was covered with a single flowing landscape of trees , oceans , and mountains , along with bucolic collections of people and endangered animals .
With the strident localism of all mural art , these images declared their objectivity , their presence .
“ We are not representations ! ” they cried .
Esperide explained that the faces of the frolicking humans were based on the actual citizens of Damanhur , although a few heads remained unpainted in anticipation of future incomers .
These portraits thus allowed citizens to leave a trace of themselves permanently inside the temples , which also contain hundreds of small clay doppelgangers created by initiates , gathered in cubbies and passageways like goofy Egyptian ushabti .
Without making it explicit , this first chamber already suggested one of the esoteric functions of the Temples , which is to serve the community — and by extension humanity and the earth — as a kind of ark , a visionary vessel of saving memory .
As with many of the psychedelic paintings ( and famous album covers ) of Mati Klarwein , Damanhur ’s figurative murals and images couple a clear illustrative surrealism with dreamlike juxtapositions and tricksy shifts of scale and perspective .
Though often bordering on the kitsch , or at least the comic book , these images are also constantly framed and reframed by more abstract “ cosmic ” fluxes — some invisible , perhaps , and some figured by the alien glyphs , trompe l’oeil effects , exotic ornamentation , and psychedelic stained glass that pervade the temples , whose leaded patterns trace hidden glyphs .
The central pillar in the lower chamber of the Temple of Earth , for example , is carved in false marble with two somewhat garish , metamorphosing human figures ; but the crown of the column flares into a striking abstraction , a psychedelic pattern in glass that conjures a blue - print of etheric energies .
Esperide tells me it represents the Big Bang .
The silent attendant who followed my friendly guide and me through the Temples then shut off the lights , and the ceiling of the chamber erupted into a simulated snapshot of the heavens as they looked from southern Europe 22,000 years ago .
Apparently that date had something to do with the first awakening of humanity , but that esoteric dollop was not half as interesting to me as the way the artificial night - sky reflected on the dark green polished marble below , so that for a moment I felt like I was walking through stars .
As I left the chamber and climbed up the eight steps leading to the rest of the hall , I realized that together the floors of the two halls formed a cocked infinity symbol , spilling upwards and forwards , another echoes of the Temples ’ fundamentally temporal concern with change and return .
The second Earth chamber , bright with golds and reds and more aggressively esoteric and fantastic imagery , was a masculine retort to the previous room ’s maternal blue waters and green woods .
Energetically , the mural was dominated by a bald Blakean man floating against the void , with a falcon on his shoulder , a possible reference to Falco but also a symbol of the cosmic form of Horus that , along with Pan and Bastet , is the community ’s most important godform ( and not its only echo of Aleister Crowley ’s Book of the Law ) .
Esperide told me that a blast of black light would reveal a female figure traced over this fellow , transforming the figure into the primal androgyne , or Adam Kadmon , so key to the currents of Western hermeticism that Damanhur both channels and significantly transforms .
These sorts of echoes and overlays saturate the Temples , which become a literal palimpsest , dense with traces and “ hypertext ” links : to earlier designs , to the surrounding rock , to alchemical lore , to sacred languages , and to visions and spectral orthographies snatched from dream and trance .
In this idiom , abstraction has power , like the planetary sigils of occultism or the yantras of Asian tantra .
One grim and brooding giant to the right of the cosmic androgyne is cloaked with enigmatic tracery that , Esperide informs me , prevents the dark energy of the figure from escaping .
He embodies the “ anti-life ” principle the Damanhurians call the “ Enemy of Mankind ” ; Esperide explains that he represents limitation and decay as well as the ignorance that cloaks our sacred origins , with the result that we forget that we are not humans so much as “ divinity having a human experience . ”
Unlike many of today ’s New Age religions , which serve up a gooey custard of “ all is one ” non-dualism , Damanhurian cosmology acknowledges an evil or satanic force within reality .
But rather than breeding paranoia and violence , this cosmic and psychological foe helps to inspire the community ’s extraordinary commitment to practical labor and collective self - creation .
On the wall facing the Enemy we see a sort of apocalyptic battle , only the combatants — whose faces once again are based on the citizens of Damanhur — are fighting their own restricted and limited selves .
And they are smiling as they do it .
Part of the magic of the Temples , you realize , is that their very existence strives to confirm the reality of Damanhur ’s esoteric sources of inspiration .
How else could they have pulled off this immensely inspired and difficult task ?
you wonder .
And I have barely scratched the surface in my account .
I have n’t told you about the Hall of Metals , with its dense invocation of the elements and the ages of man ; or the classy Hall of Spheres , with its rich red marble and globes of alchemical concoctions ; or the labyrinth , with its extraordinary iconic wikipedia of stained - glass godforms from Africa , Sumer , Scandinavia , Japan , Greece .
Other than the elevators , everything in these caverns and tunnels was created by the community itself — few of whom , the story goes , were trained in the arts , crafts , and engineering roles they were called upon to play .
Though there are instruction maps of transformation everywhere you turn , the Temples are ultimately less about message than sheer manifestation — the expression of a workaholic DIY pragmatism that , you sense , wants to pervade and divinize the whole world of matter , not to transcend it but to awaken it .
Earlier in the day , a woman I met named Magpie Goldenrod had insisted that the Damanhurian way was “ not a religion but a philosophy , one that gives meaning to what we are doing with our hands . ”
What — or who — could inspire such production ?
I did not get to meet Falco , who has a gentle face in photographs and , like many of today ’s CEOs , often wears a baseball cap .
Like everyone else these days , Falco seems to understand the danger that lies in expressing the classic form of the charismatic sectarian leader .
So for all the supernatural claims made about him — community lore mentions his early feats of levitation — Falco has creatively modified his inspiration role in a sustainable , “ postmodern , ” even entrepreneurial fashion ; he possesses what the Italian sociologist of religion Massimo Introvigne calls “ non-charismatic charisma . ”
Though some of the usual anti-cult complaints are hurled Damanhur ’s way , and there are certainly apostates , the community has remained untainted by the usual demagogic scandals for over thirty years .
And while Falco ’s non-ordinary claims still guide the community , Damanhur ’s politics , social dynamics , and esoteric physics ( major terms include chaos , synchronicity , and arrows of complexity ) all possess an unusually evolutionary and experimental edge , and so lack the dogmatic authoritarianism that so often results in glassy - eyed sheep .
Though Falco is very much the visionary leader , his vision is more like a piece of avant - garde theater than a divine blueprint .
While there are plenty of details of this lore in Merrifield ’s book , the most appropriate source remains Esperide ’s comic book , which exploits the fantastic dimension of the genre to confound history and the supernatural the same way that it blends the simple clean line of the cartoon with actual photographs of the temple .
In addition to being seen as a sectarian leader — with all the dangers that implies — Falco also must be recognized as an incredibly ambitious visionary artist , an architect of esoteric Happenings and a crafter — on both spiritual and entrepreneurial levels — of what James Carse calls “ infinite games , ” the “ game ” being one of Falco ’s major terms for social design .
And he is , indeed , an artist — a gallery in the former Olivetti headquarters that the community took over contains dozens of his colorful , densely coded , and wildly titled abstractions .
An alchemical blend of Paul Klee , Basquiat , and LeRoy Neiman , these canvases — with their handsome prices and hallucinatory 3D effects produced under dancing lights — are displayed alongside quotations from Wittgenstein and Duchamp ( “ The observer creates the work ” ) .
Within the Temples , the Water Temple , also known as the library , is a principle creation of Falco , who covered its dome - shaped surface with a menagerie of otherworldly graffiti , cosmic diagrams , inter- dimensional formulas , and alien languages ( twelve of them , to be exact ) .
For the community , these lingos represent information of incredible complexity , much of which is only understood by Falco himself .
Fans of outsider art or , frankly , the art of the insane , will also recognize the peculiar power of arcane data - dense graphology , with its horror vacui and unknowable implications .
But again , art alone cannot account for the palpable sense of power humming in this chamber , which is topped by a beautiful blue cupola of stained glass .
Citizens — and pregnant women in particular — come here to pray , not just for the proximity to all these galactic downloads but for the hidden channels of water coursing behind the walls .
More important are the fluxes of the “ synchronic lines ” that are supposed to meet in the rock of this chamber — four immensely powerful ley lines of earth energy , represented by four golden serpents , whose conjunction in this mountainside was what apparently drew Falco to this property in the first place .
Such invisible forces are not just passively received in the Temples , but are actively generated and transformed through the literally hundreds of tons of copper wire whose dense and intricate coilings and couplings with other precious metals surrounds the corridors and chambers of the Temples .
Damanhurians refer to this mostly camouflaged energetic circuitry as “ selfic , ” another esoteric remix of those swirling and seemingly intelligent energies — chi , od , radionic vibrations , Mesmer ’s fluidum , Reich ’s orgone — that rightfully beguile alternative healers and rightfully irritate hard - nosed empiricists .
In particular , selfic circuits derive from the alchemical and informational potentials of metals — potentials that are only coarsely manifested in our existing electronic circuits and memory chips .
Besides turning the temples into a colossal spectral radio antenna , selfic technology is also applied on a smaller scale for a host of quotidian purposes — sleep , travel safety , relief of menstrual cramps .
In the gift shop I dropped twenty - five Euroclams on a nifty coin -sized spiral that promised to improve my memory .
( I keep forgetting to carry it around with me , though . )
These are the sorts of claims , of course , that gall today ’s militant and imperialist materialists , who worry about quackery and the further erosion of rationality ’s cheerless command .
But take a tip from a seasoned spiritual tourist : we needlessly narrow the world of possibilities ( of our experience as well as reality ) when we force the entirety of such sectarian experiments through the meat grinder of reason .
The spiritual tourist does not drink the Kool Aid ; but she inhales its intoxicating aroma .
Faced with a selfic contraption , I recognize my lack of unwavering belief in its efficacy ( though I no more understand the placebo effect than you do ) .
At the same time , I do not turn to the court of reason for some final verdict of thumbs up or thumbs down ; instead , I surf the excluded middle into the wilderness of virtual possibilities opened up by the more ambiguous reality engines of art and game .
For me a selfic gizmo is an esoteric assemblage — a term that consciously invokes Deleuze and Guattari , Castañeda ’s “ assemblage point , ” and the material practices of the avant - garde .
After all , many of the most vital and revolutionary artists of the last century and a half were batshit with esoterica .
And even when such undomesticated notions and energetic practices create those more dangerous social formations some call “ sects ” or “ cults , ” such games must still be compared in their overall effects to the other games that so many people play today — games like , I dunno , hopeless despair , or terminal gadget addiction , or corporate toolery , or the navel - gazing retreat into narcissism that characterizes much contemporary “ spirituality . ”
But what if the Temples as a whole are an esoteric assemblage ?
What forces are they mobilizing ?
Here things get really space opera .
Before entering the temple , over lunch at the nucleo ( collective household ) that Esperide calls home , I had asked her about what made Damanhur unique in the array of the world ’s esoteric and spiritual paths .
She said it was their take on time , and particularly their sense of time as a kind of dimension or territory .
To demonstrate , she held up a paper napkin , which she then , as the conversation turned — as it so often does these days — to the grim state of the world , ripped in half .
“ But time has a tear in it .
We are on the edge of that tear , and there is not a clear way to move into the future .
The fabric is frayed . ”
In some sense , she said , our future has already happened , and it is not pretty .
The citizens of Damanhur believe there is more than one strand of this frayed weave .
What Damanhur wants to do with its Temples and its vital community experiment is to remember a different future , to materialize a more distant time - line and to thereby rewrite our current course in a more positive direction .
In less SciFi terms , they are mobilizing a theater of possibility .
By embracing futurity as a positive field of action while reinvigorating the small - scale self - sufficiency of the past , Damanhur wants to show that , as Esperide says , “ humanity can be different , that we can have a different relationship with the planet . ”
The symbol of Damanhur , scattered everywhere throughout the environs of the community , is the dandelion , a charming but thorough vector of dissemination .
Spiritual tourism is partly about seduction , about the unexpected call one feels toward unknown gods , or invisible forces , or to other modes of being and perceiving .
As a contemporary expression of the visionary imagination , the Temples were , for me , nearly unparalleled .
But they only really got me off when I closed my eyes .
The final stage of my tour was the imposing Hall of Mirrors , whose large polished trapezoidal surfaces are designed to mirror you back to yourself .
I was taking in the hall ’s remarkable glass cupola when Esperide took up a mallet and went over to a gong in the corner beneath a sculpted bird and hammered out crescendo whose insane peak went on far longer than sonic decorum would ordinarily permit .
My eyes were closed , and the moment bent and shattered into a kaleidoscope of time - stretched events : deep terran drones , enveloping spectral reverberations , and high - frequency shimmers that seemed to signal from somewhere far far away , over the rainbow .
***
Pop Arcana is a limited - run series of columns written for HiLobrow by Erik Davis .
G.K. Chesterton , one of Christianity ’s most prolific writers in the twentieth century corroborates the point .
In a speech in the 1930s , Chesterton offered this prophetic analysis :
The coming peril is the intellectual , educational , psychological and artistic overproduction , which , equally with economic overproduction , threatens the wellbeing of contemporary civilisation .
People are inundated , blinded , deafened , and mentally paralysed by a flood of vulgar and tasteless externals , leaving them no time for leisure , thought , or creation from within themselves .*
Chesterton ’s language indicates that overstimulation prevents people from interacting with the world around them .
They are “ blinded , deafened , mentally paralyzed . ”
In Sayers ’s language , the inundation of “ events ” happening around us prevents us from reflecting appropriately upon them , which ultimately stifles our ability to understand and express them in language that is distinctly ours .
For the creator of new media who wants to be a relevant voice , all analysis is time - sensitive .
This premium upon speed threatens to short - circuit the creative process of fitting the right words to our thoughts and reflections .
The chief danger of new media , then , is that our souls will die for want of silence , solitude , and reflection .
The world of new media is short on Dorothy Sayers ’s poets , and if Christians are to make a significant impact through this technology , we must cultivate more of them .
To do so , however , entails setting aside the need for more information and reflecting on the world in a way that ensures our commentary is insightful and powerful .
It means ensuring that as creators of new media , we recognize the danger inherent in overproduction — that we will impoverish our own souls and contribute to an ultimately meaningless and powerless chatter .
We must be poets and prophets who speak powerfully , which means that we must be discerning consumers and patient , conscientious creators .
For the previous installment of this series , click here .
* Stratford Caldecott .
“ Chesterton Alive Today : Reviving the Moral and Social Imagination . ”
Available at http://www.secondspring.co.uk/spring/beaconsfield.htm
Taken from The New Media Frontier edited by John Mark Reynolds and Roger Overton , ©2008 .
Used by permission of Crossway , a publishing ministry of Good News Publishers , Wheaton , IL 60187 , www.crossway.org.
Download for personal use only .
The Palestinian Refugee ResearchNet tried to create a Facebook page for itself this weekend .
Only , it was n't able to do so — because Facebook wo n't let users create pages with the word " Palestinian " in the title .
Rex Brynen of the Palestinian Refugee ResearchNet went up against the same difficult - to - comprehend automated Facebook processes that got a Sarah Palin note taken down last week when he tried to create a page for the PRRN :
After contacting customer service and getting an automated reply , Brynen comes the conclusion that the only guideline his page name comes afoul of is that titles must " Not contain terms or phrases that may be abusive " — and the only term or phrase that gets consistently shot down is " Palestinian . "
We tried too , and came up against the same problem .
But here 's the weird part :
The words " Palestine " and " Palestinians " both make it through Facebook 's filters with no problem , and " Palestinian " is fine for Facebook group titles .
So it 's not that Facebook is deliberately partaking in some worldwide anti-Palestinian conspiracy ; rather , it appears that their automation process has decided to block the word " Palestinian " — and only the word " Palestinian " — from page titles — and only page titles .
This is n't the first time that Facebook 's automated content - blocking has run them afoul of activists in the Israel - Palestine conflict .
As Owen Thomas reported in 2009 , overzealous users and overworked content monitors have led to " mysterious deletions " of seemingly innocuous content relating to the crisis .
And that 's not even mentioning Facebook 's very spotty record with respect to censoring content and " squelching dissent . "
Zuckerberg has said he thinks Facebook is an important tool in developing empathy and trust across cultural divides in the Middle East — but it 'll be hard for the site to do that if it 's arbitrarily — albeit innocuously — preventing words like " Palestinian " from being used .
Add voice control by combining with a screen Alexa device WORKS WITH ALEXA :
Monitor your home , your way : Monitor your home , your way with the all - new Ring Video Doorbell .
Enjoy improved 1080 p HD video , crisper night vision , and adjustable monitor zones - including the added near zone that reduces false notifications .
Phone Tablet 1080 p HD
Ring Video Doorbell with enhanced features that let you see , hear , and speak to anyone from your , or PC .
An update from the original Ring Video Doorbell , enjoy improved motion detection , privacy zones and audio privacy , and crisper night vision .
Receive mobile phone notifications when anyone presses your Ring Video Doorbell or triggers your built - in motion sensors .
Powered by the built - in rechargeable battery or connects to existing doorbell wires for constant power .
Easily set up by connecting your Ring Video Doorbell to WiFi through the Ring application and mounting with the included tools .
With a Ring Protect Plan ( subscription sold separately ) , record all your videos , review what you missed for up to 60 days , and share videos and photos .
We want you to know : Save and share videos and photos with an optional Ring Protect Plan ( subscription sold separately ) .
Save and share videos and photos with an optional ( subscription sold separately ) .
Pair with select Alexa - enabled devices to enable announcements and two - way talk for convenient in - home monitoring .
See who 's there with Ring : See , hear , and speak to anyone at your door from anywhere with Ring Video Doorbell .
Get real - time notifications when visitors press your doorbell or trigger the built - in motion sensors .
And adjust your motion setting so you can focus on key areas and only receive notifications when you want .
Complete Control from the Ring Application : Create a Ring of Security with the Ring application .
Connect to all your Ring device to see , what 's happening from a single dashboard , adjust your motion setting , and use Live View to check in on your home at any time .
Ring Protect Plan
Get even more out of all your Ring devices with Protect , a comprehensive service that allows you to review what you missed .
Get even more out of all your Ring devices with Protect , a comprehensive service that allows you to review what you missed .
See , save , and share videos and photos when you activate video recording and photo capture for $ 3 / month per device or $ 10 / month per household .
Security and privacy controls in a convenient dashboard : With Control Center , you can add and remove authorized client devices , shared users , and select linked accounts .
Learn more about security and privacy
All from one place on your Cellphone , Tablet , or PC .
Works with Alexa Connect Ring Video Doorbell with Alexa for hands - free monitoring and convenience .
Connect Ring Video Doorbell with Alexa for hands - free monitoring and convenience .
Echo device
When your video doorbell detects motion , youror Fire TV device will alert you , so you always know who 's there .
And when you ask Alexa to talk to your front door , you can see , hear and speak to anyone captured on camera .
Simple to set up and use :
Step 1
Follow the steps in the app to connect to wifi and adjust your settings .
Step 2
Install the mounting bracket in your ideal location .
Step 3
Click your Ring Video Doorbell into place .
Now you ’re ready to protect .
Technical Details : Ring Video Doorbell
Generation : Ring Video Doorbell 2nd Generation – 2020 release .
Average install time : 5 minutes .
Video : 1080 p HD Video , Live View , Night Vision .
Field of view : 155 - degrees horizontal , 90 - degrees vertical .
Motion detection : Advanced Motion Detection with adjustable motion zones .
Audio : Two - way audio with noise cancellation .
Power : Runs on a built - in rechargeable battery .
Can be hardwired to an existing doorbell system or transformer for continuous charging ( 8 - 24 VAC , 40 VA max , 50/60 Hz ) .
No halogen or garden - lighting transformers ; no DC transformer / power supply .
Internet requirements : High - speed internet .
Connectivity : 802.11 b/g/n wifi connection @ 2.4 GHz
Operating conditions : - 5 F to 120 F ( - 20 C to 48 C ) , water - resistant .
Available colors : Satin Nickel , Venetian Bronze .
Dimensions : 4.98 in. x 2.44 in. x 1.10 in . ( 126.5 mm x 62 mm x 28 mm )
Box includes Ring Video Doorbell ( 2nd Generation ) , MicroUSB charging cable , mounting bracket , user manual , security sticker , and installation tools and hardware .
Setup requirements -
Only if wiring in Standard doorbell system with 8 - 24 VAC , 40 VA max , 50/60 Hz doorbell transformer .
1 - year limited warranty found here Warranty and Service : .
Use of Ring Video Doorbell is subject to the terms
Ring Protect Plan :
By purchasing , you authorize us to charge your default card or another card on file when you attach the subscription to a device .
As dusk settled on busy Colorado Boulevard , a squad of minivans and SUVs pulled to the curb outside a drab stucco rental that houses one of Eagle Rock ’s medical marijuana dispensaries .
Plainclothes narcotics officers fanned out .
One disarmed a startled security guard , another covered the door through the sights of a rifle and a third phoned the shop to announce the raid .
A second guard , three employees and a dozen grim - faced customers filed out , hands in the air .
By the end of the operation , the officers had arrested the Colorado Collective ’s owner and an employee and hauled away 40 pounds of marijuana and $ 17,000 in cash in large evidence bags .
The raid was the fourth by a new Los Angeles Police Department team that is spearheading an aggressive push to shut down dispensaries that are illegal under a city ordinance that took effect four weeks ago .
“ This is a high priority for the City Council and a high priority for the city attorney , so it ’s a high priority for us , ” said Capt .
Kevin McCarthy , head of the Gang and Narcotics Division .
The ordinance allowed dispensaries that registered with the city in 2007 , when it adopted a moratorium on new pot shops , to remain open .
The rest , which opened in defiance of that ban , had to close by June 7 .
City officials say there were more than 400 illegal dispensaries , but they think most have since closed .
Asha Greenberg , an assistant city attorney who is overseeing the enforcement efforts , said she believes that as few as 20 to 30 illegal stores may still be defying the ordinance .
“ It ’s also somewhat of a moving target , ” she said , “ because we hear of places open up and then close , we hear about places that have cut down on their hours and some places that have now turned into delivery services , so it runs the gamut of these places trying to get around the ordinance . ”
In Eagle Rock , which emerged as the epicenter of the neighborhood activism against the pot - shop explosion , most of the unauthorized outlets that once ringed the area appear to have closed .
On Colorado Boulevard , the shades were drawn at ABC Caregivers and only the outline of the letters CNC remained on the glass door at CN Collective on West Broadway .
The building on York Boulevard that had been Northeast Collective was being refurbished by a hypnotist who plans to open a clinic .
Several dispensaries , among scores that have sued the city to challenge the ordinance , hope to win a court order that will allow them to reopen .
At the House of Kush on Colorado Boulevard , a printed sign said : “ We are closed until further notice .
Sorry for the inconvenience . ”
Organic Healing Center , also on Colorado , posted a hand - written note : “ We are doing our best and fighting hard to get safe access back for you . ”
At the Hummingbird Collective on York Boulevard in neighboring Highland Park , Marty Romero , one of the operators , watched as equipment was carted out and loaded into a U - Haul .
The store , part art gallery , part hippie hangout , was filled with paintings , books and overstuffed furniture .
A Buddha sat serenely near a glass door with the word “ kindness ” hand - painted on it .
“ We just took off ‘ love , ’ ‘ peace ’ and everything else , but it still says ‘ kindness , ’ ” Romero said .
“ The vibration was incredible . ”
Under the ordinance , the city could seek court orders to close dispensaries and impose civil fines , but that is costly , ponderous and often ineffective .
Instead , the city attorney ’s office settled on the bluntest approach : criminal prosecutions that allow police to confiscate cash and pot and leave dispensary operators facing up to six months in jail on misdemeanor charges .
The tactic has dismayed medical marijuana advocates .
“ It seems ridiculous .
These are peaceful people .
It seems to me that there ’s still reefer madness , ” said Dege Coutee , who runs the Patient Advocacy Network .
“ It does n’t make any sense to just steal the cash and the herb . ”
To coordinate the raids , LAPD officials have assembled a team of eight narcotics officers .
The team conducted three busts before the one at Colorado Collective , making a half - dozen arrests , seizing $ 7,265 in cash and 43 pounds of marijuana at Kush Korner II in Wilmington , Nirvana Pharmacy in Westwood and Kind for Cures in a former Kentucky Fried Chicken store in Palms .
The city is primarily targeting dispensaries fingered by residents who have been e-mailing between five and 10 complaints a day to atty.medicalmarijuana@lacity.org .
“ They are our best source because they are frequently in the neighborhood , ” Greenberg said .
“ Some of these places , if the LAPD drives up in a marked car , they will close the door and pretend to be closed . ”
The afternoon before the raid at Colorado Collective , two undercover officers walked into the dispensary posing as prospective clients .
They filled out the required paperwork and were allowed to enter an inner room where the shelves of a long glass cabinet were lined with two dozen jars filled with pungent buds .
The officers bought about $ 30 worth of pot and , because it was their first purchase , the “ budtender ” threw in a free joint .
Within a few hours , the officers had obtained a search warrant from a judge and convened with the rest of the task force .
After a quick briefing , the officers strapped on bullet - protective vests and helmets and drove to the dispensary .
Inside , they moved from room to room , finding refrigerators and cupboards full of marijuana in jars , and tried to persuade Larry Lo , the dispensary ’s operator , to open a large safe .
“ Larry , you ’ve got to think a little bit here , ” said Lt. John King , who supervises the team .
“ We ’re not here because we ’re having fun .
We ’re here because we ’ve got a warrant to search this place .
I ’m going to get into that safe one way or the other .
I do n’t want to , but I will ruin it if I have to . ”
Lo was not swayed , so King called for a lock specialist , who arrived hours later and spent several more drilling into the lock to open it .
When the safe finally popped open , police found it filled with cash and more marijuana .
The seized pot could have a retail value of about $ 250,000 or more .
Evidence seized by police during such raids could be returned if those arrested do not face charges or are found not guilty .
Handcuffed and seated on a coach , Lo repeatedly insisted that his dispensary was registered with the city and allowed to operate .
“ There must be a misunderstanding .
I can show you the paperwork , ” he told King .
But King said , “ We ’re here because the city attorney says you ’re one of the unfortunate ones whose license is null and void .
You need to take it up with them . ”
City records show that Lo did register in 2007 at the same Colorado Boulevard address , although he used the name Southern California Collective .
And he recently notified the city that he planned to continue operating his collective under the new ordinance .
Lo , who spent a night in jail after his arrest , declined to comment .
Police said the dispensary was on a list provided by the city attorney ’s office .
Greenberg noted that the collective was operating under a different name and said the office had received complaints about it , but declined further comment on the raid .
“ That ’s something we ’re still looking at , ” she said .
joel.rubin@latimes.com
john.hoeffel@latimes.com
A lot has changed since 2007 , when John McCain was the # 1 immigration compromiser in the U.S. Senate , leading the way with a large , bipartisan bill that would have given illegal immigrants an opportunity to become U.S. citizens while beefing up border security .
That effort looked promising but ultimately failed , and McCain criticized how the term " amnesty " was used as a bludgeon against it : " Anything short of rounding up 12 million people and deporting them is called amnesty by the opponents of this legislation , " he said during a visit to Carlsbad , California in May 2007 .
" I 'll point out that ( illegal immigrants ) will have to pay back taxes , they 'll have to pay a fine , they 'll have to go back to their country of origin , and it's at least 15 years before they are in anyway eligible for citizenship . "
Now , McCain finds himself in a different political situation , and so does the immigration issue .
McCain lost the 2008 election , during which he was sharply criticized as an immigration liberal by his GOP primary rivals , and he 's facing a primary challenge from Tea - Party - style candidate J.D. Hayworth .
As a national issue , immigration has heated up after Arizona passed its new law and as a drug war has raged in Mexico .
McCain has changed with the times .
The Hill 's Mike O'Brien notices catches this snippet of a radio interview in his home state :
" No amnesty .
Many of them need to be sent back , " McCain said during an interview on KQTH - FM in Tucson , Ariz .
Once the border is secured , McCain said , " a temporary legal worker program has to be part " of immigration reform .
But he made it clear that program would be for those who want to enter the country as part of that future program , and not those who came to the United States illegally .
A temporary guest - worker program is a far cry from a pathway to citizenship ; it 's a mechanism to let more immigrants come here to work legally , particularly as migrant labor , but it's on the conservative end of the let - them - in spectrum .
A temporary guest - worker program is a far cry from a pathway to citizenship ; it 's a mechanism to let more immigrants come here to work legally , particularly as migrant labor , but it's on the conservative end of the let - them - in spectrum .
If the Senate is to forge any kind of agreement on immigration , it will need every vote it can get .
Given McCain 's present situation , it does n't seem likely that he 'll sign onto anything resembling what Democrats would want to pass -- at least not before November .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Best College For Marijuana
Some of my best stoner memories came when I was attending college .
Getting really high after a test and pigging out on teriyaki chicken and rice near campus ; good times indeed .
I was talking with an old college friend today , and we were debating which is the most marijuana friendly college in America .
I did some research , and here is what I found :
According to ‘ The Princeton Review , ’ these are the top 20 marijuana friendly campuses ( you have to register to view the link , FYI ) :
University of California — Santa Cruz Skidmore College ( Saratoga Springs , NY ) University of Vermont ( Burlington ) Bard College ( Annandale - on - Hudson , NY ) University of Colorado - Boulder New College of Florida ( Sarasota ) Colorado College ( Colorado Springs ) Hampshire College ( Amherst , Massachusetts ) University of California — Santa Barbara Eckerd College ( St. Petersburg , FL ) Ithaca College ( Ithaca , NY ) Sarah Lawrence College ( Bronxville , NY ) Warren Wilson College ( Asheville , NC ) Pitzer College ( Claremont , CA ) University of Oregon ( Eugene ) Guilford College ( Greensboro , NC ) West Virginia University ( Morgantown ) Wesleyan University ( Middletown , CT ) State University of New York — Purchase College ( Purchase , NY ) Green Mountain College ( Poultney , VT )
Now I do n’t know what TWB readers think , but I think this list is total crap .
Princeton Review is considered to be a leader in academic based rankings of colleges , but when it comes to marijuana , they really do n’t know what they are talking about .
No Humboldt State …really ?
I guarantee College of the Siskyou ’s , College of the Redwoods , Humboldt State , and Southern Oregon University smoke down way harder , on better nugs , and more frequently , than almost every college on that list .
I can speak from firsthand experience that the University of Oregon is a GREAT college to be a marijuana consuming student …way better than 15th for sure .
Skidmore College at number 2 ?
I ’ve never been there before , but I do n’t think it ’s a stretch to assume that they are not the second most marijuana friendly campus in America .
Here ’s High Times ’ Top 10 :
University of Colorado — Boulder University of Wisconsin — Madison University of Florida — Gainesville University of Oregon — Eugene Hampshire College — South Amherst , MA University of Michigan — Ann Arbor New College of Florida — Sarasota Humboldt State — Arcata , CA Wesleyan University — Middleton , CT University of Vermont — Burlington
While High Times ’ list is better than the Princeton Review ’s , I still think it misses the mark .
The biggest flaw that both of these sources have , is that they are looking at this issue from an East Coast perspective .
Almost everyone I have met from the East Coast and Mid-West thought they were smoking on the chronic , until they came to the West Coast and got so high they forgot their own name .
I think the best place to start with a list of marijuana friendly colleges is to look at the geographic location .
States like Wisconsin and North Carolina are not exactly hot beds for high grade marijuana .
Do n’t get me wrong , I ’m sure there is some super nugs in very small pockets in East Coast / Mid-West states , but it does not compare to the marijuana buffet that occurs every day on the West Coast , in Colorado , and the emerging chronic scene in Michigan and Montana ( of course , Michigan is in the Mid- West , but they are the exception , not the rule ) .
If the state has a booming medical marijuana program , chances are the potency and availability of marijuana has risen dramatically , and the marijuana laws are more liberal .
If I had to name MY top marijuana friendly colleges in America , my list would include :
Humboldt State ( Arcata , CA ) —
In the heart of Humboldt , need I say more ?
University of Colorado ( Boulder ) —
One of the most beautiful cities in America , and LOTS of nugs
University of Oregon ( Eugene , OR ) —
Go to the Whiteaker District , it sets the tone for the rest of Eugene
University of Michigan ( Ann Arbor ) —
Very lenient local laws , and an exploding MMJ scene
University of Montana ( Missoula , MT ) —
My best friend attends there , and it ’s undeniably awesome
College of the Redwoods ( Eureka , CA ) — Again , in the heart of Humboldt , speaks for itself
College of the Siskiyous ( Weed , CA ) — Weed , California … I got so high visiting there I almost passed out
University of California ( Santa Barbara ) —
This was the original ‘ hippie ’ college , and they still puff hard
Colorado State University ( Fort Collins ) —
I have smoked nugs there , top quality , easy MMJ access
University of Central Florida ( Orlando ) —
Home to one of the oldest NORML chapters in America
I did n’t number my picks , so they are in no particular order .
You might notice that a lot of my picks were not found on the previous two lists …
I encourage TWB readers to add their own experiences and choices in the comments below .
Remember , these are MY top ten campuses , which might not be the same as YOUR picks .
With that being said , let the debating begin !
Of course , the undeniable number 1 university when it comes to marijuana friendliness should be Oaksterdam University , but I am referring to ‘ currently accredited ’ universities in this article …
I personally believe that sooner than later they will get full fledged accreditation , at least in MMJ states .
> Your browser does not support playback of this video .
You can try installing the latest version of your browser and enabling Javascript , or you can download the video below :
MP4 format | Ogg format | WebM format Produced by Jam Handy Corporation for the Chevrolet Motor Company , this seven - minute reel highlighted the work required to maintain the Chevrolet sign on Michigan Avenue .
In addition to day - and night - time views of the city , the advertising film also provided viewers with a sense of the dangerous work required to maintain the sign as well as short lessons on the mechanics of electric lighting .
Creator : Jam Handy Organization
Institution : Prelinger Archives
( CNN ) -- Federal public health officials are investigating a salmonella outbreak that has infected 22 people in 10 states , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention announced Friday .
The infections are linked to the consumption of raw alfalfa sprouts , the CDC said .
California - based Caldwell Fresh Foods is recalling all alfalfa sprouts manufactured under three of its brands because they may be contaminated with salmonella , the company said Friday .
Caldwell said its alfalfa sprouts have been associated with the outbreak .
There have been no deaths reported from the outbreak , but four of those infected have been hospitalized , Caldwell Fresh Foods said in a statement Friday .
CDC is collaborating the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and with state public health officials to investigate the salmonella outbreak , the CDC said in a statement Friday .
One of those infected was an infant hospitalized in Oregon , an Oregon Department of Health official told CNN .
The baby had been eating alfalfa sprouts , said Paul Cieslak , manager of the state health department 's communicable disease section .
CDC is collaborating with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and state public health officials to investigate the strain , called Salmonella Newport , the CDC said in a statement Friday .
The initial investigation traced the implicated raw alfalfa sprouts to a single sprout processor in California , the CDC said , though it did not name Caldwell Fresh Foods directly .
The CDC did not respond to requests for comment on Friday .
Eleven of those sickened are in California , Caldwell Fresh Foods said , with the most recent known illness beginning on May 2 .
The company , which said it voluntarily issued the recall , distributed the alfalfa sprouts under its Caldwell Fresh Foods , Nature 's Choice and California Exotics brands .
The alfalfa sprouts were distributed to various restaurants , delicatessens and retailers across the country , Caldwell Fresh Foods said .
In California , Caldwell products are sold at Trader Joe 's and Wal - Mart stores , among others .
Salmonella infections linked to the outbreak have also been identified in Arizona , Colorado , Idaho , Illinois , Missouri , New Mexico , Nevada , Oregon and Wisconsin , the CDC said .
The first illness linked to the outbreak began on March 1 , the agency said .
Most people infected with salmonella develop diarrhea , fever , and abdominal cramps 12 to 72 hours after infection , the CDC said .
The illness usually lasts four to seven days .
Although most people recover without treatment , infants , the elderly and those with weakened immune systems can develop severe illness that can cause death unless the person is treated promptly with antibiotics , the CDC said .
Illnesses that occurred since May 2 might not yet be reported because it takes an average of two to three weeks from when a person becomes ill until the salmonella infection is reported , the CDC said .
CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report .
July 9 , 2010 – Dr. Dime
The New York Knicks and all of their many fans in the Big Apple were holding their breath last night hoping Lebron would utter the words “ I ’m going to NY ” .
Instead , after all the moves to clear cap space to make room for ‘ The King ’ , Lebron is headed to South Beach .
But the world will continue to turn , and the Knicks are now in a very enviable position financially to sign some high quality remaining free agents in one of the deepest free agent pools we have seen in quite some time .
But if there is one position that the talent is limited , it is at the point guard spot .
After Steve Blake agreed to terms with the Lakers this week , the only point guard who is a difference maker left for the Knicks to target is Raymond Felton of the Charlotte Bobcats .
Well ESPN sources tonight are saying that the Knicks are going to get their man this time :
Two league sources told ESPN.com that the Charlotte Bobcats ’ unrestricted free agent reached an agreement in principle Friday on the broad parameters of a contract .
The length of the deal has not yet been agreed upon , but Felton will earn a starting salary in the $ 7 million range .
Felton was widely considered the top free - agent point guard available in this summer ’s superstar - laden market .
One of the other top free - agent playmakers , Steve Blake , came off the market earlier this week when he agreed to a four - year , $ 16 million deal with the Los Angeles Lakers .
Felton has respectable career averages of 13.3 points , 6.4 assists and 1.4 steals per game .
But the numbers can be deceiving as Felton is certainly worth a lot more than your average 13 and 6 floor general .
He is quick off the bounce , has great court vision , and is n’t afraid of the big shot .
He ’s no 2 - time MVP Steve Nash , but he will still be a great complement to Amare Stoudemire and the Knicks .
This is the digital scrapbook of André Brocatus to hold quotes , examples and links .
Primarily on graphic and interaction design until he sees something else which distracts him from his work .
Four employees of Little Rock 's KARK were fired Thursday for making profane video spoofs of TV news and putting them on YouTube .
The worst part ?
They were actually pretty funny !
Video below .
The two - part series follows reporter Pete Johnson as he reports on a festival ( " Wow , a story about a festival .
My life could n't get any worse . " ) , ends up punching an interviewee on camera and deals with the professional consequences .
Now , he 's been fire in real life , along with two other reporters and a photographer .
KARK 's general manager told Arkansasbusiness.com :
I am personally shocked and saddened by the behavior of these employees .
KARK has no tolerance for this type of behavior and messages that degrade and discredit our community and our employees .
Lame , KARK .
Part 1
Part 2
Click to view
( Via Romenesko )
Teen Sexual Assault Survivors : Legal Impacts and Considerations
Serving Youth
Effective Advocacy for Youth --
Know their rights
Privacy Concerns
Balancing Obligations : Serving Teen Victims & Mandated Reporting of Child Rape
Why Teens Don't Tell
Safety Concerns
Challenges Facing Teens Seeking Protective Orders
Health Care Concerns
Providing Health Care to Minors Under Washington Law
Emergency Contraception
Education
Teens , School & Sexual Violence
Spot Light
Legal Considerations for Teenage Victims of Sexual Assault
Abstract
Who Pays the Price ?
An Assessment of Youth Involvement in Prostitution in Seattle
Thanks to the twitterfeed of wcsap I discovered an issue of Connections , a publication of the Washington ( state ) Coalition of Sexual Assault Programs , which focuses on issues related to teen survivors ( pdf ) .
As the Winter 2009 issue highlights , youth between 12 and 18 suffer the highest rate of sexual victimization .
Unfortunately , these victims are often viewed less sympathetically than younger victims .
In a society which too often looks for excuses to blame the victim , once a child hit puberty the common excuses given by those who commit sexual violence start to gain traction .
For example , too many people still hold onto the idea that if the victim was alone with the perpetrator willingly then what was done to that victim is unlikely to have been a serious offense and if the victim continued to spend time with the perpetrator then what was done could not possibly be anything but fully consensual -- no matter what the law says .
Sexual violence by someone slightly older is too often immediately dismissed as a Romeo and Juliet relationship , especially if the older teen or young adult is convicted of a statutory crime .
Little consideration is given to whether what was done also qualified as forcible rape , rape by coercion or rape by intoxication or was done as part of relationship abuse .
Here 's the table of contents for this issue :
Take the time to read the entire issue
We can learn where the gaps are and we can fill those gaps so that all children including all teens are at a lower risk of sexual violence and so that those who are victimized can get the support they should be able to depend upon .
Labels : prevention
State police seek Newtown pot grower Newtown mine : Authorities uproot largest marijuana cultivation operation in years
NEWTOWN --
It used to be a place to mine sand and gravel , but now authorities want to know out who was going there to get stoned , as well .
State and local police yanked more than 200 marijuana plants out of the ground on Button Hill Road last week .
They also
unearthed information they hope will help identify those involved in the illegal farming operation , state police spokesman Lt. J. Paul Vance said Wednesday .
" This is the time of the year when cultivation takes place .
We 've gotten a few of them ( pot farms ) , some large and some small , " Vance said .
" This was a large operation . "
Police used an all - terrain vehicle to haul away the plants .
Vance declined to say how the Statewide Narcotics Task Force discovered the farm , but he noted state police routinely use techniques ranging from tips to aerial surveillance to ferret them out .
According to Newtown police , three local officers were dispatched to 9 Button Shop Road to assist state police on the morning of July 21 .
The address is listed to D'Addario Sand & Stone Co. Inc. , but Vance said investigators have n't yet determined who owns the land where the plants were being grown .
The area once was the site of several sand and gravel operations .
A message left on the company 's answering machine was n't returned Wednesday .
The Newtown site was the largest marijuana cultivation operation uncovered by police in recent years , according to a search of The News - Times archives .
In December , state and local police busted an indoor marijuana farm at a New Milford home , arresting four residents and seizing about 30 plants .
Contact John Pirro at jpirro@newstimes.com or 203-731-3342 .
Of course , the company still needs to determine whether a user is , in fact , dead .
But with a ratio of roughly 350,000 members to every Facebook employee , the company must find ways to let its members and its computers do much of that work .
For a site the size of Facebook , automation is “ key to social media success , ” said Josh Bernoff , an analyst at Forrester Research and co-author of “ Groundswell : Winning in a World Transformed by Social Technologies . ”
“ The way to make this work in cases where machines ca n’t make decisions is to tap into the members , ” he said , pointing to Facebook ’s buttons that allow users to flag material they find inappropriate .
“ One way to automate the ‘ Is he dead ’ problem is to have a place where people can report it . ”
That ’s just what Facebook does .
To memorialize a profile , a family member or friend must fill out a form on the site and provide proof of the death , like a link to an obituary or news article , which a staff member at Facebook will then review .
But this option is not well publicized , so many profiles of dead members never are converted to tribute pages .
Those people continue to appear on other members ’ pages as friend suggestions , or in features like the “ reconnect ” box , which has been spooking the living since it was introduced last October .
Ms. Chin said Facebook was considering using software that would scan for repeated postings of phrases like “ Rest in peace ” or “ I miss you ” on a person ’s page and then dispatch a human to investigate that account .
“ We are testing ways to implement software to address this , ” she said .
“ But we ca n’t get it wrong .
We have to do it correctly . ”
GAINESVILLE , Fla . —
The Kemp ’s ridley sea turtle lay belly - up on the metal autopsy table , as pallid as split - pea soup but for the bright orange X spray - painted on its shell , proof that it had been counted as part of the Gulf of Mexico ’s continuing “ unusual mortality event . ”
Under the practiced knife of Dr. Brian Stacy , a veterinary pathologist who estimates that he has dissected close to 1,000 turtles over the course of his career , the specimen began to reveal its secrets :
First , as the breastplate was lifted away , a mass of shriveled organs in the puddle of stinking red liquid that is produced as decomposition advances .
Next , the fat reserves indicating good health .
Then , as Dr. Stacy sliced open the esophagus , the most revealing clue : a morsel of shrimp , the last thing the turtle ate .
“ You do n’t see shrimp consumed as part of the normal diet ” of Kemp ’s ridleys , Dr. Stacy said .
This turtle , found floating in the Mississippi Sound on June 18 , is one of hundreds of dead creatures collected along the Gulf Coast since the Deepwater Horizon oil rig exploded .
Swabbed for oil , tagged and wrapped in plastic “ body bags ” sealed with evidence tape , the carcasses — many times the number normally found at this time of year — are piling up in freezer trucks stationed along the coast , waiting for scientists like Dr. Stacy , who works for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , to begin the process of determining what killed them .
Despite an obvious suspect , oil , the answer is far from clear .
The vast majority of the dead animals that have been found — 1,866 birds , 463 turtles , 59 dolphins and one sperm whale — show no visible signs of oil contamination .
Much of the evidence in the turtle cases points , in fact , to shrimping or other commercial fishing , but other suspects include oil fumes , oiled food , the dispersants used to break up the oil or even disease .
To me , its wonderful how various religious figures are trivialized like this .
Let 's me this a global and ecumenical as possible !
I wanna see Ganesh , Shiva , Moses , Mohammad and Buddha cosplayers too !
I wanna see L Ron Hubbard in his commadore uniform !
I wanna see JR " Bob " Dobbs !
I wanna see this at nerd gatherings around the planet !
Everywhere !
Most especially in the places were people are the most uptight about religion !
Nickelodeon has announced a new live action movie based on the popular Nickelodeon show The Fairly Odd Parents , it will star Drake Bell as Timmy Turner .
The movie has officially been named A Fairly Odd Movie : Grow Up , Timmy Turner ! and will air in 2011 .
Drake & Josh Star Drake Bell will play Grown - Up Timmy Turner ; Also Featuring Victorious Star Daniella Monet as Tootie . Jason Alexander and Cheryl Hines Bring Cosmo and Wanda to Life as Live - Action Characters ; Steven Weber Also to Star as Hugh J. Magnate
Fairly Oddparnets has been running since 2001 and has had notable specials and movies , but this movie probably will bring the show to a close .
According to Marjorie Cohn , President , Original Programming and Development , Nickelodeon / MTVN
Kids and Family Group said “ It ’s so much fun to see our animated characters come to life ” “ And who better to bring grown up Timmy Turner to life than Drake Bell , who himself grew up on our air and still remains one of our most popular Nick stars ever . ”
It sounds good but Nickelodeon has n't been known for making very good TV movies , but I 'm sure Drake can help change that .
The movie centers on Timmy Turner ( Drake Bell ) , but unlike the series , Timmy is no longer a 10 year old boy he is 23 , still lives at home , and still attends the 5th grade .
Timmy 's arrested development stems from his desire to keep his beloved fairy godparents , Cosmo ( Daran Norris as his animated form and Jason Alexander as his live - action form ) and Wanda ( Susanne Blakeslee as her animated form and Cheryl Hines as her live - action form ) , because " Da Rules " dictates that godchildren lose their fairies when they grow up .
But when Tootie ( Daniella Monet ) , a formerly nerdy girl who 's always had a crush on Timmy , returns to town as a gorgeous grown - up , Timmy finds himself having very adult feelings for her .
He must decide whether to grow up and be with the woman he now loves , or continue acting like a child to keep the fairy godparents he adores .
In the meantime , Hugh J. Magnate ( Steven Weber ) , a larger - than - life oil tycoon , turns his attention to capturing Timmy ’s fairies and using their power to fuel his maniacal ambition .
A Fairly Odd Movie : Grow Up , Timmy Turner Will Air On Nickelodeon
In 2011
Scientists said the rapid dissipation of the surface oil was probably due to a combination of factors .
The gulf has an immense natural capacity to break down oil , which leaks into it at a steady rate from thousands of natural seeps .
Though none of the seeps is anywhere near the size of the Deepwater Horizon leak , they do mean that the gulf is swarming with bacteria that can eat oil .
The winds from two storms that blew through the gulf in recent weeks , including a storm over the weekend that disintegrated before making landfall , also appear to have contributed to a rapid dispersion of the oil .
Then there was the response mounted by BP and the government , the largest in history , involving more than 4,000 boats attacking the oil with skimming equipment , controlled surface burns and other tactics .
Some of the compounds in the oil evaporate , reducing their impact on the environment .
Jeffrey W. Short , a former government scientist who studied oil spills and now works for the environmental advocacy group Oceana , said that as much as 40 percent of the oil in the gulf might have simply evaporated once it reached the surface .
An unknown percentage of the oil would have been eaten by bacteria , essentially rendering the compounds harmless and incorporating them into the food chain .
But other components of the oil have most likely turned into floating tar balls that could continue to gum up beaches and marshes , and may represent a continuing threat to some sea life .
A three - mile by four - mile band of tar balls was discovered off the Louisiana coast on Tuesday .
“ Less oil on the surface does not mean that there is n’t oil beneath the surface , however , or that our beaches and marshes are not still at risk , ” Jane Lubchenco , administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , said in a briefing on Tuesday .
“ We are extremely concerned about the short - term and long - term impacts to the gulf ecosystem . ”
Thad W. Allen , the retired Coast Guard admiral who leads the government ’s response , has emphasized that boats are still skimming some oil at the surface .
Admiral Allen said the risk of shoreline oiling might continue for at least several more weeks .
“ While we would all like to see the area come back as quickly as it can , ” he said , “ I think we all need to understand that we , at least in the history of this country , we ’ve never put this much oil into the water .
And we need to take this very seriously . ”
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Private equity firm Elevation Partners purchased $ 120 million in Facebook stock from private shareholders , valuing the company at $ 23 billion , according to a person familiar with the matter .
The stock purchases represented Elevation ’s second round of investments in shares of Facebook through the secondary markets , giving the firm a 1.5 percent stake in the world ’s largest Internet social network .
With nearly 500 million users , Facebook ranks as one of the world ’s most popular Web sites , alongside established Internet giants like Google Inc and Yahoo Inc , and is closely watched by investors eager for a blockbuster initial public offering .
Facebook generated between $ 700 million and $ 800 million in revenue in 2009 , two people familiar with the matter told Reuters earlier this month .
A vibrant market for shares of privately held Facebook has developed in the past year .
In April , Facebook barred its employees from selling their shares in the company to outside investors , except during specified periods .
Facebook is not currently in a period during which employees would be permitted to sell shares , another source familiar with the situation told Reuters .
Elevation Partners and Facebook declined to comment .
News of the funding was first reported by the technology blog TechCrunch .
Facebook ’s backers include Digital Sky Technologies , Microsoft Corp Corp , Hong Kong tycoon Li Ka-shing and venture capital firms Accel Partners , Greylock Partners and Meritech Capital Partners .
Elevation Partners , whose partners includes U2 frontman Bono , committed to invest up to $ 100 million in online review site Yelp in January .
The firm also invested $ 460 million in smartphone maker Palm over a period of several years .
In April , Hewlett - Packard announced plans to acquire the struggling Palm for $ 1.2 billion .
Elevation acquired its latest batch of Facebook stock in a series of transactions over the past couple of months , the source said .
The firm had already purchased $ 90 million worth of Facebook shares based on a $ 9 billion company valuation in November .
Elevation has invested in Facebook at a $ 14 billion blended valuation , based on the two investments , the source said .
Ein Bekenntnis zum freien und kostenlosen Zugang zu den Ergebnissen der wissenschaftlichen Forschung hat heute Brandenburgs Ministerin für Wissenschaft , Forschung und Kultur , Johanna Wanka , abgegeben , Sie sprach zur Eröffnung der Berlin 4 Open Access Konferenz in Golm bei Potsdam .
Die Ministerin – von Haus aus Professorin für Mathematik – schränkte aber bei allem Verständnis für die Bedürfnisse der Forscher und Studenten ein , dass sie als Politikerin auch die Interessen der anderen Beteiligten im wissenschaftlichen Publikationswesen berücksichtigen müsse , weil " den Urhebern und Verwertern , also den Verlagen , dadurch Einnahmen entgehen " .
Preissteigerungen von 25 bis 30 Prozent jährlich als Folge monopolähnlicher Strukturen im wissenschaftlichen Verlagswesen könne sich allerdings auch ein reiches Land wie die Bundesrepublik nicht leisten , meinte Wanka .
" Den Versorgungsauftrag , den eine Hochschule hat , kann sie immer schwieriger erfüllen " , warnt die Ministerin vor der " Gefährdung für den volkswirtschaftlichen Standort " .
Hinzu komme , dass Wissen fast immer von der öffentlichen Hand finanziert wird .
Der Staat finanziere einen großen
Teil der wissenschaftlichen Forschung , bezahle die Gehälter der Autoren und müsse anschließend die Kosten für die Abonnements der wissenschaftlichen Zeitschriften aufbringen .
" Eigentlich bezahlen wir die Publikation dreimal " , meint die Ministerin , deshalb sei für sie eine Kostenreduktion durch Open Access Publishing " unbedingt auch im Interesse der öffentlichen Kassen " .
Von politischer Seite unterstütze sie wie auch ihre Kollegen in der Kultusministerkonferenz daher die Bestrebungen zu neuen Formen des wissenschaftlichen Publizierens wie beispielsweise die Einrichtung von Hochschulservern für die Veröffentlichungen der Universitätsforscher .
Die Qualitätssicherung der wissenschaftlichen Aufsätze durch das klassische Peer Review , das im traditionellen System die Verleger organisieren , müsse beim Open Access Publishing , wie Wanka betonte , " adäquat auch im Internet realisiert sein " .
Auf der dreitägigen Konferenz im Albert - Einstein - Institut der Max - Planck - Gesellschaft ( MPG ) diskutieren zurzeit etwa hundert Experten aus dem In - und Ausland , wie der freie Zugang zu wissenschaftlichen Informationen und Kulturgütern in die Tat umgesetzt werden kann .
Die Veranstaltung steht in der Folge der Berliner Erklärung über offenen Zugang zu wissenschaftlichem Wissen " , die im Oktober 2003 von der MPG , der Deutschen Forschungsgemeinschaft , der Fraunhofer - Gesellschaft , der Helmholtz - Gemeinschaft und der Wissenschaftsgemeinschaft Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz initiiert wurde .
Der Berliner Erklärung haben sich inzwischen mehr als 150 Forschungseinrichtungen in aller Welt angeschlossen .
( Richard Sietmann ) / ( jk )
