Many times I have high hopes for a game only to have them dashed upon release .
Such was the case with Capcom ’s Dark Void , developed by Airtight Games , the studio behind 2004 ’s Xbox exclusive Crimson Skies .
As I unwrapped my copy I was looking forward to being swept away by a wave of innovation and fun , but 6 hours in , I was bored .
The year is 1938 and you play Will Grey , the ruggedly handsome protagonist channeling Nathan Drake .
In fact , the entire first six chapters have you stranded on an uncharted island in the Bermuda Triangle with your ex-girlfriend as you navigate ancient ruins .
This is when the first signs of mediocrity being to shine through as the dialogue is forced .
Characters drop in and out of the story with little or no introduction and whenever a substantial discussion seems to be just around the corner , the cutscene prematurely ends as if the writers were afraid of character and plot development .
It ’s also incredibly boring when all of these 1938 characters accept alien technology without batting an eyelash .
As one plays , one begins to feel like parts of the story are missing .
Essentially , everyone who has ever disappeared , like Amelia Earhart , did so when he or she entered an alternate reality known as ‘ the Void . ’
The Void , populated by the ‘ Survivors ’ and famous personages like Nikola Tesla and the aforementioned aviator , is under the control of a race of aliens known as ‘ The Watchers . ’
It ’s up to you to prevent them from crossing over into the real world but the game never injects any sense of urgency .
Rather than leading the resistance , you feel like you ’re along for the ride and most will quickly become bored .
This lack of motivation is compounded by repetitive and generic gameplay both on the ground and in the air .
While it is nice to be able to fly around at any time or use your jetpack to flank your enemies , encounters are artificially lengthened by multiple waves of identical foes and the same escort and protection missions over and over again .
Things pick up once you take to the skies in the aerial dogfights , but that ’s only because it ’s refreshing to be free from the constraints of ground combat .
A third facet of gameplay is the much hyped ‘ vertical combat , ’ which is one of the high points of the game .
When traversing vertical environments like cliffs , the camera shifts as you move up or down from platform to platform , ducking behind cover and taking out enemies .
It can be disorienting at first , but you soon get used to it and you ’ll begin to wish that there was more of it .
But even the relatively fun sections are plagued by poor design mostly due to your weapons and how pitifully weak and ineffective they are .
Enemies can take dozens of shots to the head from a futuristic plasma rifle and all weapons except the shotgun feel like cheap toys .
However , you ’ll soon discover that almost every enemy can be downed with a single melee attack and once you do , segments that were intended to be frantic gunfights will end quickly as you procedurally punch every enemy to death .
It removes practically all strategic elements from the game .
I also encountered some performance issues that ran the gamut from framerate problems and parts where the sound effects stopped working to one section where the game turned completely greyscale and stayed that way until I next took flight .
The game is of modest length but few will have the patience to finish it because it ’s so boring .
If you ’re a huge fan of the Ace Combat series or really liked Crimson Skies , you might want to rent this solely on the merit of the dogfights , but otherwise , steer clear .
It ’s a poorly written generic action title , and considering its release is bookended by better games like Bayonetta and February ’s offerings , there ’s no reason to pay full retail .
It has its moments of originality and fun , but they ’re few and far between .
Once the website launched , a customer starts thinking of increasing the traffic on it and start adding features to make it efficient and fast .
New content added old one gets replaced , thus keep the website growing .
A good , shared Web host must provide reliable and reasonable quality - of - service .
Many times , a consumer will sign - up with the least expensive provider only to experience many technical difficulties and the inevitable and frustrating experience of changing Web hosts .
To avoid this experience , it is best if the consumer chooses the right hosting company .
Ensuring that a shared Web hosting firm has the following characteristics will increase the probability of consumer satisfaction .
Quality Server Technology :
The use of quality server technology is important .
Since shared hosting services utilize multiplexed equipment , consumers must ensure that the server and server technology used can accommodate the number of users on your particular server .
System Administrators :
The consumer should ensure that knowledgeable system administrators are operating the multiplexed shared hosting technology .
Network Redundancy :
Your shared hosting package must have multiple connections to the Internet .
Network redundancy ensures that if one Internet connection goes down , then traffic can be re-routed through another connection .
Network Connectivity :
It is important to find the fastest Internet connection possible .
Since you are competing with other users for resources in a shared hosting environment , you should ensure that you have at least T3 connection that is utilizing less than 50 percent of available bandwidth .
You should also consider the following factors before selecting any type of shared hosting solution for your Web site .
By considering these factors , you will save money in the long run by selecting a solution that grows with your business .
Purchase only what you need :
Select a Web hosting solution that corresponds with your business needs .
Only purchase services that your site will require to provide your specific content .
Don \'t sign up for an all - inclusive account with a hosting firm if you won \'t use most of their services .
This will unnecessarily increase your costs .
Select a scalable solution :
Make sure that your hosting solution can grow as your site grows in complexity .
Ensure that you can upgrade your site to accommodate increased bandwidth and other demanding resource requirements such as server - side scripting , database support , and multimedia streaming .
Find prompt tech support :
Only use a host that provides prompt and knowledgeable customer care .
A dependable host should offer 24×7 toll - free technical support rendered by experienced and professionally trained technicians .
Check references :
Before you commit to a particular hosting firm , ask for references .
Make sure to canvass other webmasters running sites with similar specifications .
Browse their Web sites and measure response times at both peak and non-peak periods .
Watch your billing and keep your receipt :
Many hosting firms are notorious for their horrid billing practices .
Check your credit card statements to ensure that you are not being overcharged or billed at an incorrect frequency .
Most purchases occur online , so make sure to print out your receipt .
Most companies will require you to remit that receipt by fax in order to cancel .
Back up all your data :
Do not depend on your host to recover any data you publish on the Web .
Most hosting firms are only equipped to recover files in the event of a system failure .
Ensure that you have a copy of any data that you post to the Web on your own hard drive .
Own your own domain :
Make sure that the Web host will not hold you hostage to their service by exercising administrative control over your domain name .
Your host should only be listed as a technical contact .
You should exercise administrative control over the domain name from the point of purchase .
Follow the experts :
Consult our recommended webmaster resources to find out which hosting companies get thumbs up from established industry participants .
Use the resources to glean from the experiences of successful industry players before you spend a penny .
Do extensive background research :
Find out whether a host is real or whether it resells hosting solutions .
Also , determine what payment processor the host uses to run credit card transactions .
Determine who owns the hosting company and whether they possess the technical expertise required to run it effectively .
All of these factors impact upon the credibility and reliability of the host and the services you provide your customers .
Establish an exit strategy :
Always have a backup plan in case your host goes belly - up or experiences an unrecoverable failure .
Redundancy should always be a priority if you are running an Internet - based business .
Remember that any service outage can completely compromise your source of income .
As today ’s world is of online , so business is also conducting online and for this start up tech companies wants to launch their E - Commerce website .
To build a very good website , ten things are required at the most : Branding is required at the foremost level , thus logos must be in the front and center , shop must be unique .
The company must give few offers on free basis such as free shipping , a free gift .
The shop must have the latest news on tech developments .
Website must allow for the easy login in and check out and needs to be clear and easy .
Intuitive search features must be there .
To provide a good look to the products , high resolution images are required .
Videos to demonstrate products , guide users through your system .
The website must be free of distraction .
It must be simple .
Clearance sections .
User must feel a personal touch while access your website .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The Pentagon will unveil steps next week that the military will take to lay the ground for a repeal of its “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” policy , which permits gays to serve in uniform as long they hide their sexual orientation , officials said on Thursday .
Defence Secretary Robert Gates and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Admiral Mike Mullen , will present an “ implementation plan ” to U.S. lawmakers next Tuesday , spelling out measures that the Pentagon will take internally before the White House and the Congress move to change the law .
In his first State of the Union speech on Wednesday , President Barack Obama called for ending the policy , saying : “ This year , I will work with Congress and our military to finally repeal the law that denies gay Americans the right to serve the country they love because of who they are . ”
Gates has voiced caution in the past against moving too quickly to repeal the Pentagon ’s “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” policy , which began in the early 1990s .
Pentagon press secretary Geoff Morrell declined to comment on what steps the military would take , telling reporters :
“ The secretary and the chairman have been and continue to work on an implementation plan and will be able to share it with you early next week . ”
Existing policy bans openly gay people from serving in the military but prohibits military officials from initiating inquiries on sexual orientation when soldiers are abiding by the rules .
Obama ’s call drew fire from Senator John McCain , the senior Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee .
“ I believe it would be a mistake to repeal the policy , ” McCain said .
“ This successful policy has been in effect for over 15 years and it is well understood and predominantly supported by our military at all levels . ”
The Human Rights Campaign , the largest U.S. gay rights group , welcomed Obama ’s move .
“ Our country simply cannot afford this discriminatory law that hurts military readiness by denying patriotic men and women the opportunity to serve , ” said the group ’s president , Joe Solmonese .
The policy was signed into law in 1993 by then - President Bill Clinton , a Democrat , as a compromise after the military objected to his calls to open its doors to gays .
The policy stopped the government from asking recruits or anyone in the military if they were homosexual , provided they did not disclose their sexual orientation .
Critics charge that having gays openly serve in the military would undermine morale and discipline .
Others reject such complaints and call the current policy unfair and unwise .
Father Knox 's Decalogue :
The Ten Rules of ( Golden Age ) Detective Fiction
Monsignor Ronald A. Knox ( 1888 - 1957 ) was a British clergyman , editor , a literary critic , a humourist and a detective story writer himself who nicely laid out , with a gentle wit , the " ten rules " that guided detective fiction in its so - called Golden Age .
They appeared in the preface to Best Detective Stories of 1928 - 29 , which Knox edited .
I think he was mostly joking ...
1 . The criminal must be someone mentioned in the early part of the story , but must not be anyone whose thoughts the reader has been allowed to follow .
2 . All supernaural or preternatural agencies are ruled out as a matter of course .
3 . Not more than one secret room or passage is allowable .
4 . No hitherto undiscovered poisons may be used , nor any appliance which will need a long scientific explanation at the end .
5 . No Chinaman must figure in the story .
6 . No accident must ever help the detective , nor must he ever have an unaccountable intuition which proves to be right .
7 . The detective must not himself commit the crime .
8 . The detective must not light on any clues which are not instantly produced for the inspection of the reader .
9 . The stupid friend of the detective , the Watson , must not conceal any thoughts which pass through his mind ; his intelligence must be slightly , but very slightly , below that of the average reader .
10 .
Twin brothers , and doubles generally , must not appear unless we have been duly prepared for them .
Coincidentally , in the eighties , I think it was , Josef Svoresky wrote a mystery entiled The Sins of Father Knox , which set out to deliberately break all these rules .
Not that everyone had n't been gleefully breaking them all along ...
| Home | Detectives A - L M- Z | Film | Radio | Television | Web Comics | Comics | FAQs |
| Trivia | Authors | Hall of Fame | Mystery Links | Bibliography | Glossary | Search |
| This Just In ... | Word on the Street | Non-Fiction | Fiction | Staff | The P.I. Poll |
Grace Groner 's life does n't sound like the stuff of financial legend .
After graduating from Lake Forest College in 1931 , in the throes of the Depression , she found a job as a secretary for Abbott Laboratories , where she would work for the next 43 years .
In 1935 , she invested in three shares of the company ’s stock , each then worth $ 60 .
That decision would made Ms. Groner a millionaire seven times over .
But her riches did n’t change the course of her life .
She never altered her lifestyle to reflect her growing bank account .
Almost no one knew of her wealth .
Remind you of someone ?
The secret millionaire shares certain traits with Warren Buffett , CEO and chairman of Berkshire Hathaway , whose fortune is estimated at $ 40 billion .
Here ’s how you can follow the lead of these humble rich to grow your own fortune :
1. Live below your means
Groner lived in a tiny one - bedroom cottage she inherited from a friend .
She did n’t own a car and bought her clothes at rummage sales .
Mr. Buffett lives in the same Omaha , Neb. , home he purchased in 1958 for $ 31,500 .
2 . Let it ride
Groner let her investment – three shares of Abbott stock – grow untouched , a strategy of investing often touted by Buffett .
While most stocks wo n’t see the type of returns that Groner saw , “ value investing ” – which Buffett has come to define as “ finding an outstanding company at a sensible price " ­– and reinvesting the dividends will let you take advantage of the power of compound interest .
3. Discretion
Groner was more circumspect than the megabillionaire .
While Buffett ’s wealth is well known due to the public nature of his position , only Groner ’s attorney knew about her vast reserves until she passed away recently , giving her $ 7 million estate to her alma mater .
As Thomas Stanley and William Danko write in The Millionaire Next Door :
Like all Apple keyboards , the iPad keyboard dock has a row of useful buttons along the top row , controlling such things as music playback and screen brightness .
The iPad has these , plus a dedicated home button , a key to start a photo slideshow and a search key .
But , smack in the middle , there 's a blank key , a mystery button with nothing printed upon it .
The mystery key was noticed by Mac Rumors forum member Macduke , who posted the above image .
He speculates that it may gain a function before shipping , and that function would be to invoke a Mac - like dashboard , complete with widgets ( which would be great , by the way , especially for quick Twittering ) .
I checked around the web to make sure that the blank key was indeed blank , and plenty of hands - on shots also have the mystery chiclet .
So what is it for ?
Any idea is pure guesswork , but I certainly like the dashboard theory .
It could also be a user - customizable key , or an unlock key for the screen .
My guess ?
The mystery key will turn on the non-existent camera .
Put your ideas in the comments .
i Pad Keyboard Dock 's Secret Button [ Mac Rumors Forums ]
On this day in 1982 , the hit sitcom Cheers debuted .
It was the bar that no one ever really got drunk at .
Still , it was good fun , especially when Norm was on hand .
Norm had a fine understanding of his place in the world — the stool at the end of the bar .
He never met a beer he did n’t drink and refused to let his lack of gainful employment get in the way of a good time — by the time the show went off the air his bar tab was sometimes mistaken for a phone book .
Norm ’s responses to the bartender ’s daily greetings have become the stuff of legend .
Here ’s a sample : “ How ’s a beer sound , Norm ? ” “ I dunno .
I usually finish them before they get a word in . ”
“ What would you say to a nice beer , Normie ? ” “ Going Down ? ” “ What ’s new , Normie ? ” “ Terrorists , Sam .
They ’ve taken over my stomach and they ’re demanding beer . ”
“ What would you say to a beer , Normie ? ” “ Daddy wuvs you . ”
“ What ’s the story , Mr. Peterson ? ” “ The Bobsey Twins Go To The Brewery .
Let ’s cut to the happy ending . ”
“ How ’s it going , Mr. Peterson ? ” “ Poor . ” “ I ’m sorry to hear that . ” “ No , I mean pour . ” “ Pour you a beer , Mr. Peterson ? ” “ Alright , but stop me at one …. make that one - thirty . ”
“ Can I pour you a beer , Mr. Peterson ? ” “ A little early , is n’t it , Woody ? ” “ For a beer ? ” “ No , for stupid questions . ”
About the author
( NewsTarget ) With Michael Taylor ensconced in the White House as the Food Safety Czar , we have the proverbial fox guarding the hen house .
Monsanto
Mike was a lead attorney , VP , and chief lobbyist for Monsanto .
In the 1990s , he manipulated the FDA and the legal system to make sure genetically modified bovine growth hormones ( rbGH ) made it to market while financially destroying small dairy farmers who dared label their milk rbGH free .
Japan , Canada and some European countries have banned a few of Monsanto 's products , while the USA remains an open market for GMOs ( Genetically Modified Organisms ) .
This is due largely to Monsanto Mike 's efforts , which includes successfully lobbying against labeling requirements for GMOs .
So the playing field for ensuring real food safety is to eliminate the scourge of GMOs as crop , animal , and human genetic contaminants are tilted in the biotechnology industry 's favor .
The threat of GMO crops contaminating non-GMO crops is very real .
It 's going to take a lot to level the playing field and tilt it the other way .
Jeffrey Smith , author ofand director of The Institute for Responsible Technology , advocates consumer education and boycotting .
He claims there have been positive results from this strategy with bovine growth hormone laced milks disappearing from major market shelves .
Too bad most of the harassed small dairy farmers are n't getting some payback from Monsanto .
Then there is the Organic Consumers Association , which has created a " Millions Against Monsanto " page on their site .
When it comes to education , there are two excellent free documentaries available on line through the sources section below .
So activists have taken up the fight and become insurgents against the food chain tyranny big business and big government ( aka fascism ) have foisted over everyone .
The food chain is being endangered permanently and decisively .
It 's going to take education and mass boycotting to put a halt to this hijacking of the food chain .
Writing mostly corrupt congress persons is n't going to do it .
Neither will petitions to the White House , which Monsanto Mike Taylor inhabits with the person who selected him , Barack Obama .
Just in case you have n't taken the GMO issue seriously enough to want to do something about it , here 's some .
The basic premise of food genetic engineering was proven to be false by the Human Genome Project .
But never mind the facts , the funding was there and the " research " continued .
Biotechnology scientists isolated a virus that demonstrated a tremendous capacity for promoting transgenics between species .
This was the cauliflower mosaic virus , or CaMV 35S .
It was selected as an agent to promote gene swapping for virtually all agricultural genetic engineering .
The biotechnologyIt turns out this CaMV 35S transgenic promoting agent keeps on promoting in the digestive system .
So what gets genetically manipulated in the gastrointestinal ( GI ) tract ?
The friendly bacteria that comprises anywhere from 60 to 80 percent of our immune system !
This invasion is a direct assault on our immune systems .
From West Ontario Professor Emeritus Dr. Joseph Cummins : " It has been shown in the laboratory that genetic recombination will create highly virulent new viruses from such constructions .
Certainly the widely used cauliflower mosaic virus [ CaMV 35S ] is a potentially dangerous gene .
" Get involved before it 's too late .
Educate yourself , pass the word , buy organic and boycott GMOs .
Access to Responsible Technology Non-GMO Food ListJeffrey Smith's Non-GMO
Activist siteArticle on Michael Taylor 's appointment as Food Czar with his backgroundOrganic Consumers Association ( interview of a whistle blowing scientist ) UK Scientific Journal report on GMOs The Corporation ( video documentary ) The World According to Monsanto ( video documentary ) Paul Fassa is dedicated to warning others about the current corruption of food and medicine and guiding others toward a direction for better health with no restrictions on health freedom .
You can visit his blog at http://healthmaven.blogspot.com
In this video , sent in by Martha , Lindsay Ellis asks why it is that female characters in general - audience cartoons , if present at all , are always plot points for the male characters .
Her point is clearly sound , but damn does she marshal the evidence !
She appears to have really done her homework … but I have no doubt that those of you who are experts in My Little Pony , Transformers , Scooby Do , and She - Ra will have something to add .
Here ’s another video on the same topic :
For more on the phenomenon in which women are women and men are people , see our analysis of the “ Human ” Bodies exhibit , girls as an afterthought , dinosaurs are for boys ( and girls ) , traffic lights with female figures , stick figures and stick figures who parent , and default avatars .
The Andrew Maguire LBMA whistleblower story just refuses to go away , and it is about time someone from the mainstream media ( yes , we know you read us constantly ) finally picked up on this massive expose about the decades of fraud and manipulation in the commodities market , with a focus on gold and silver .
Do n't worry , the Wall Street ad revenue sources you may lose from highlighting this " must read " story will be more than offset by the increased readership you will gain .
Today we have the latest segment in this saga , courtesy once again of Eric King who interviews GATA members Bill Murphy , Chris Powell and Adrian Douglas .
As is pointed out in the interview , " The CFTC , on the public record , has been shown to have known in advance of massive market manipulation , and have done nothing . "
Is n't this the same reason why Markopolos called SEC the biggest bunch of idiots in existence vis-a - vis their performance in the Madoff debacle ?
It is time someone big blew this up finally .
Perhaps this will explain why it never get mainstream attention : " JPMorgan chase is an agency of the US government , rigs the markets , and undertakes market manipulation . "
To all our readers : this is yet another " must hear " interview .
From King World News :
In this interview with GATA we continue the saga after just having interviewed Andrew Maguire , the whistleblower out of London .
This gives a short and long - term view down the rabbit hole through the eyes of 3 of the GATA board members .
GATA was so heavily involved not only in breaking the news at the CFTC meeting about the the metals manipulation but also at the same time quite possibly uncovering the largest fraud in history .
The Gold Anti-Trust Action Committee was organized in January 1999 to advocate and undertake litigation against illegal collusion to control the price and supply of gold and related financial securities .
The committee arose from essays by Bill Murphy , a financial commentator , and by Chris Powell , a newspaper editor in Connecticut , published at Murphy 's Internet site , lemetropolecafe.com .
In this GATA Roundtable we will have Bill Murphy , Chris Powell and Adrian Douglas .
Link to King World News .
Featured Death of the Thunderchild Heat Ray Experiment yereverluvinuncleber 33 War of the Worlds Tripod Desktop Wallpaper yereverluvinuncleber 76 walker TacticsOgre 215 Jowett desktop 1920 x 1200 Wallpaper yereverluvinuncleber 22 Watch Parts Spider Droid Sculpture ' Scout ' ( II ) AMechanicalMind 77 Steampunk Scorpion Robot TheWizardsVault 558
Astronomers have recently gotten the clearest views of some of the most mysterious phenomena in the early universe :
The " star factories " where new stars switch on .
How exactly do you ignite a star ?
We are closer to knowing than ever .
Advertisement
The new star factories the astronomers discovered are in the galaxy dubbed SMM J2135 -0102 .
And much to the astronomers surprise , they found that it was producing stars 250 times faster than our own galaxy !
How are stars " born " in the first place ?
For stars like our Sun , life begins in a molecular cloud ( the Orion Nebula at the top of this post is a prime example ) , which are typically located in the " arms " of spiral galaxies .
These molecular clouds contain the building blocks of stars , mostly molecular Hydrogen as well as ( although far less abundant ) Carbon Dioxide and Water .
As these clouds are bombarded by interstellar radiation from nearby stars ( so called
galactic winds , small turbulent eddies of gas and dust begin to form , eventually coalescing into enough mass to begin collapsing under its own gravity .
Advertisement
As these clumps begin to further collapse ( for roughly 10 billion years ) , they begin to spin thanks to angular momentum .
A disk of in - falling material begins to form around the clump and it is at this point that we have a " protostar . "
This in - falling gas causes the pressure and temperature of the protostar to increase , allowing it to be seen in the infrared spectrum .
Up until this point , thermonuclear fusion ( a star 's main power source ) has yet to begin inside of the protostar .
It is not until enough matter has accreted onto the protostar ( typically this takes a few million years ) , that the critical pressure is reached to begin bonding hydrogen into helium .
And with that first fusion of atoms , we have a star !
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Now while this process may seem quite simple , this is only for fairly recent star formation .
What about for stars forming in the early Universe ( which was a much more disorganized place than the Milky Way galaxy ) ?
Thanks to a gravitational lens , scientists at the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics ( CfA ) have gotten a peek at the star forming regions of the early Universe .
Of the 4 star forming regions discovered in SMM J2135-0102 , astronomers found that they were 100 times brighter than similar regions in nearby galaxies .
According to astronomer Mark Swinbank of Durham University , " We do n't fully understand why the stars are forming so rapidly , but our result suggests that stars formed much more efficiently in the early universe than they do today . "
Advertisement
These new results shed light on an era in the universe when many stars were first forming and galaxies were first developing .
Astronomers hope that this new data provides insight into how galaxies like the Milky Way formed .
According to Steven Longmore of the CFA :
That will allow us to test exactly how generic our results are :
Is the star formation occurring within galaxies in the early Universe always so vigorous ?
Or are we catching this particular galaxy at a very special time ?
Via Nature
Reddit Email 0 Shares
Abraham has been an important figure for theologians , philosophers , chroniclers and religious poets and lyricists among Jews , Christians and Muslims .
All three monotheistic religions honor him and claim him as a patriarch or in Islam ’s case as a prophet of the one God .
All tell the story of his willingness to sacrifice his son for God.
Jews and Arabs see him as an ancestor , Jews claiming descent through his implausibly aged first wife Sarah and Arabs through his second wife ( held in some Jewish and Muslim traditions to have been a Pharaonic princess ) , Hagar .
They hold him to be buried in the Cave of the Patriarchs in al - Khalil in the Palestinian West Bank , which the Israelis call “ Hebron , ” where Muslims erected the Mosque of the Abraham , which is split , with part of it used by Jews and the other part by Muslims .
( Update : Francis Boyle writes in to say : “ The Muslims and the Jews do not “ share ” the Ibrahimi Mosque .
In fact , Israel confiscated the chamber of the Mosque where Ibrahim , Isaac , Jacob and their wives are buried , then built a synagogue in there .
In other words , the Israelis desecrated the Mosque by building a synagogue within it .
I have seen it myself , truly disgusting .
This regime is enforced by armed Israeli soldiers within the Mosque — further desecrating it .
This was clearly a war crime in violation of the Fourth Geneva Convention , inter alia . ” )
Abraham is frequently cited as a figure who should unite Jews , Christians and Muslims , since all view him as the first monotheist and a founder figure for their traditions .
But last week the Israeli government designated the Cave of the Patriarchs an Israeli heritage site .
Since it is on the Palestinian West Bank , it cannot be an Israeli heritage site , though it certainly is a Jewish one .
Palestinians are afraid that Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu ’s action is a prelude to an Israeli claim on the annexation of al - Khalil to Israel .
The town of 150,000 is completely made up of Palestinian Christians and Muslims , though 400 Israeli settlers , some of them armed and all under the protection of the Israeli military , reside there .
There have been constant frictions between the small Israeli colony and the Palestinian townspeople .
The move provoked protests in al - Khalil , with youths throwing stones at Israeli soldiers and threatening a third popular uprising or Intifada .
As a result of this atmosphere of tension , the Israeli military locked down the Palestinian West Bank on Sunday as Israeli colonists there celebrated the festival of Purim .
( Purim , based on the Book of Esther , commemorates the deliverance of the Jews of the Achaemenid Empire in ancient Iran and Iraq from a hostile minister to the Persian king , Khsayarsha II , called by the Greeks Artaxerxes II and in the Bible Ahasuerus [ r. circa 405 to 358 BC ] .
He was married to a Jewish woman , Esther , though he was unaware of her religion , and his life had been saved by her cousin , Mordecai .
His gratitude causes him to turn against his minister , Haman , who wanted to kill all the Jews , and to have him hanged .
The shah then gave permission to the Jews to defend themselves from attacks by Haman ’s supporters , which they apparently did with rather excessive zeal , polishing off 75,000 Iranians .
Ancient numbers are not reliable and one historian suggested we always subtract at least one zero .
You have a sinking feeling that some hawkish Israelis see President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad as a contemporary Haman . )
But Purim in al - Khalil has other connotations , since it was the day on which Dr. Baruch Goldstein opened fire on innocent worshipers at the Mosque of Abraham , shooting 179 in cold blood , and killing 29 of those .
This site gives you an idea of how Palestinians remember the incident .
Israeli apologists often refer to Goldstein as deranged , but people who met him before his attack deny this charge .
He is more likely to have simply been the Israeli equivalent of a suicide bomber , i.e. acting out of ideological conviction .
Anyway , the coincidence of the anniversary of the Goldstein massacre with the designation of the tomb complex an Israeli heritage site was enough to inspire fear , outrage and anger in the Palestinian residents of the city .
The cabinet of the Palestine Authority is meeting in al - Kahlil / Hebron on Monday , just to reaffirm its sovereignty or at least future sovereignty over the town .
On Sunday , the tensions in al - Khalil / Hebron spilled over onto Jerusalem , where Muslims and Jews uneasily share the area around the Wailing Wall and the Haram Sharif above it .
Muslims venerate the Aqsa Mosque on what Israelis maintain is the site of the ancient Temple as sacred soil , associating it with a miracle of the Prophet Muhammad .
Some Israeli extremists wish to destroy the mosque so that the Temple can be rebuilt , and in 1969 a fanatic set fire to it .
Muhammad Bin Laden , the Saudi developer and father of Usamah , got the contract to repair it .
Palestinians gathered in the mosque , having apparently heard rumors ( which circulate frequently ) that it would be attacked by militant Israelis .
They pelted visitors to the site with stones .
Some 17 persons were wounded in the clashes , including two Israeli policemen .
The Israeli security forces went into the mosque and arrested the protesters .
Israeli soldiers in the Aqsa Mosque is a provocation , since it is the third holiest site in the Muslim world .
King Abdullah II of Jordan and Palestine Authority President Mahmoud Abbas called for international protections for Muslim holy places in Jerusalem , several of which they said were threatened by unilateral Israeli measures .
A recent controversy , which is probably related to Sunday ’s violence , has centered on a bizarre Israeli decision to build a ‘ Museum of Tolerance ’ on top of a Muslim cemetery in Jerusalem .
For a fact sheet
On the Mamilla Cemetery , see this site .
The events should alarm Americans .
The Israeli occupation of Jerusalem and therefore of the Aqsa Mosque complex , was one of the grievances that drove Bin Laden to declare war on the United States , and Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon ’s provocative demarche on the mosque complex in 2000 caused Bin Laden to try to move up the date of the planned attacks on New York and Washington , D.C. , as ‘ punishment ’ for Sharon ’s implicit threat .
One obstacle to American understanding of the events of the past week is a lack of understanding of the position of Abraham and of Jerusalem in Muslim scripture and in Muslim religious and folk practice .
The Qur’an sees Abraham as an early monotheist who came into conflict with his own father on behalf of the one God.
Abraham starts being mentioned in the early , Meccan , chapters of the Qur’an ( contrary to some Orientalist assertions ) .
Muslim belief even holds that Abraham resided in Mecca and built the Kaaba , the cube - shaped shrine around which Muslims circumambulate during the pilgrimage .
When Muslims first conquered Palestine in the seventh century , sources say that Jews showed them the Cave of the Patriarchs , and that Jews and Muslims both worshiped there and made pilgrimage to it .
( Jews in Palestine are said to have welcomed the Muslim conquest , preferring them to the Byzantine Eastern Orthodox empire ) .
The Jews of the Roman province of Palestine were not for the most part expelled in the second century CE , as popular history sometimes has it , but went on farming there and gradually converted to Christianity .
The majority then later gradually converted to Islam and became what we now call the Palestinians .
Most Palestinian and Jewish men share the same distinctive haplotypes or genetic patterns in their Y chromosomes , showing common descent .
If promises were made to Abraham ’s putative descendants , then they share in the promise .
The promise could not possibly be to adherents of Judaism , since that religion did not exist until many centuries later .
The authoritative Encyclopedia of Islam notes that al - Khalil / Hebron is at a high elevation and traditionally lacked water save for some nearby springs , saying : “ Since during the later Middle Ages and the Ottoman period , large numbers of pilgrims came to the city [ Hebron ] and passed through it on the Hajj route to Mecca , the need for greater reserves of water necessitated the construction of two large reservoirs in the Hebron valley . ”
That is , historians are aware that the Tomb of the Patriarchs has been sacred to Muslims for 1400 years and they have been going on pilgrimage to it for much of that period , combining visits to Jerusalem and Hebron with their pilgrimage to Mecca .
( If you were living in Turkey , Northern Iran or coastal Syria , Jerusalem and Hebron are on the way to Mecca by a popular route . )
It is worth noting that the figure of Abraham as described in the Bible is in any case not historical .
Abraham is said to have been the forebear of the twelve tribes of Israel , including that of Benjamin or Bin Yamin .
But the Banu Yamin are mentioned in clay tablets in the area dated to 2000 BC , so they precede Abraham ’s alleged advent .
The kings he is said to have met do n’t correspond to any known historical figures .
He is said to have bought the Caves which allegedly became his tomb from a Hittite , but the Hittites did not then exist and they did n’t come to geographical Palestine until the 1400s BC .
He is said to have been a monotheist , but there is no evidence in the archeology of anything but polytheists in Palestine ( then Egyptian - ruled Canaan or Retenu ) for many centuries after he supposedly lived .
Moreover , if Abraham were from south Iraq ( Ur in what is now Dhi Qar ) he would have likely been ethnically Sumerian , whereas the genetic signature of a majority of Jewish men most resembles that of Palestinians and Lebanese , not of southern Iraqis .
For the same reason , he is not the direct male ancestor of the Hijazi Arabs .
( If he existed at all and lived 4000 years ago and if his descendants flourished , he would likely be an ancestor of most people in the greater Mediterranean by now , I.e. Arabs and Europeans and Jews from both worlds ; note that only uninterrupted descent in the male line would show up in the Y chromosome . )
But the Abraham stories are no more historical than those of Gilgamesh and Utnapishtim , other ancient Middle Eastern mythical figures .
The jumbled stories about him were written down in the Babylonian exile , when scribes made an attempt to establish a historical timeline into which he could be asserted .
Ur was a classy place to be from , as Shlomo Sands points out , and so the Babylonian Jewish authors of the written Bible endowed themselves with a distinquished Iraqi parentage .
It is modern nationalism that lies behind the current tensions over Abraham ’s tomb and the Haram Sharif .
Jews and Muslims shared pilgrimage sites all through history , most often amicably .
Israeli , Arab and Palestinian nationalisms are reconfiguring sacred space as sites of national authenticity and as exclusive .
The Palestine Authority should declare itself a state and offer citizenship to the 400 or so Jews in al - Khalil / Hebron .
And there are lots of Palestinian heritage sites it could then designate inside Israel .
And ideally the two would share them , and allow free circulation and pilgrimage , including for international religious tourism , which would be good for the economy .
I predict that eventually all these things will come to pass .
It may however be decades .
In the meantime , the danger to the Aqsa Mosque complex is a danger to world and American security .
End / ( Not Continued )
1. The Zune Logo Looks Like Someone Wrote " Anus " The Wrong Way Round Look .
I told you this was n't going to be a particularly classy list .
But this might explain a whole lot about the Zune .
2 . The Apple Logo Looks Like Half
An Alien Fodder for the theory that Steve Jobs is part of an alien race that brainwashes people with attractive product - packaging .
3. The Bulls Logo Looks Like An Angry Robot Reading A Book
He fucking hates that book .
And he hates you .
4. The 2012 Olympics Logo Looks Like Lisa Simpson Giving Someone A Hummer
The 2012 Olympics logo is also illegal in Australia .
5 . The Dodge Viper Logo Looks Like Daffy Duck But Daffy
Duck does not look like the Dodge Viper logo .
How do you explain that ?
6. The Toyota Trucks Logo Looks Like Frank Zappa 's Mustache Majestic .
7. The Pepsi Logo Looks Like An Obese Man With , like , serious back problems .
8. The OGC Logo Looks Like A Man Playing With Himself
A fact that in and of itself is way more interesting than the British Office of Government Commerce which it represents .
9 . The TGV Logo Looks Kind Of Like A Snail
Which is kind of unfortunate for a company that purports to make super fast trains .
10 . The Texas Longhorns Logo Looks Like A Uterus Luckily , they can just change their name to the UT Uteruses , and it alliterates nicely .
11 . The LG Logo Looks Like A Broken Pacman
As we all learned recently .
12 . The Institute Of Oriental Studies Logo Looks Just Terrible Really , guys ?
Apparently , it 's supposed to be a house under a rising sun .
13 . The Computer Doctors Logo Is Really Unfortunate Because the mouse looks like a penis .
14 . And These Logos All Look Like Goatse
Turns out a lot of logos look like goatse .
But maybe that 's for another post .
The following was delivered yesterday at the UCLA Center for Society and Genetics ' symposium , " Outlaw Biology ?
Public Participation in the Age of Big Bio "
It is inspired by , and deliberately follows the form of , " A Cypherpunk Manifesto " by Eric Hughes .
Scientific literacy is necessary for a functioning society in the modern age .
Scientific literacy is not science education .
A person educated in science can understand science ; a scientifically literate person can * do* science .
Scientific literacy empowers everyone who possesses it to be active contributors to their own health care , the quality of their food , water , and air , their very interactions with their own bodies and the complex world around them .
Society has made dramatic progress in the last hundred years toward the promotion of education , but at the same time , the prevalence of citizen science has fallen .
Who are the twentieth - century equivalents of Benjamin Franklin , Edward Jenner , Marie Curie or Thomas Edison ?
Perhaps Steve Wozniak , Bill Hewlett , Dave Packard or Linus Torvalds -- but the scope of their work is far narrower than that of the natural philosophers who preceded them .
Citizen science has suffered from a troubling decline in diversity , and it is this diversity that biohackers seek to reclaim .
We reject the popular perception that science is only done in million - dollar university , government , or corporate labs ; we assert that the right of freedom of inquiry , to do research and pursue understanding under one 's own direction , is as fundamental a right as that of free speech or freedom of religion .
We have no quarrel with Big Science ; we merely recall that Small Science has always been just as critical to the development of the body of human knowledge , and we refuse to see it extinguished .
Research requires tools , and free inquiry requires that access to tools be unfettered .
As engineers , we are developing low - cost laboratory equipment and off - the - shelf protocols that are accessible to the average citizen .
As political actors , we support open journals , open collaboration , and free access to publicly - funded research , and we oppose laws that would criminalize the possession of research equipment or the private pursuit of inquiry .
Perhaps it seems strange that scientists and engineers would seek to involve themselves in the political world -- but biohackers have , by necessity , committed themselves to doing so .
The lawmakers who wish to curtail individual freedom of inquiry do so out of ignorance and its evil twin , fear -- the natural prey and the natural predator of scientific investigation , respectively .
If we can prevail against the former , we will dispel the latter .
As biohackers it is our responsibility to act as emissaries of science , creating new scientists out of everyone we meet .
We must communicate not only the value of our research , but the value of our methodology and motivation , if we are to drive ignorance and fear back into the darkness once and for all .
We the biopunks are dedicated to putting the tools of scientific investigation into the hands of anyone who wants them .
We are building an infrastructure of methodology , of communication , of automation , and of publicly available knowledge .
Biopunks experiment .
We have questions , and we do n't see the point in waiting around for someone else to answer them .
Armed with curiosity and the scientific method , we formulate and test hypotheses in order to find answers to the questions that keep us awake at night .
We publish our protocols and equipment designs , and share our bench experience , so that our fellow biopunks may learn from and expand on our methods , as well as reproducing one another 's experiments to confirm validity .
To paraphrase Eric Hughes , " Our work is free for all to use , worldwide .
We do n't much care if you do n't approve of our research topics . "
We are building on the work of the Cypherpunks who came before us to ensure that a widely dispersed research community cannot be shut down .
Biopunks deplore restrictions on independent research , for the right to arrive independently at an understanding of the world around oneself is a fundamental human right .
Curiosity knows no ethnic , gender , age , or socioeconomic boundaries , but the opportunity to satisfy that curiosity all too often turns on economic opportunity , and we aim to break down that barrier .
A thirteen - year - old kid in South Central Los Angeles has just as much of a right to investigate the world as does a university professor .
If thermocyclers are too expensive to give one to every interested person , then we 'll design cheaper ones and teach people how to build them .
Biopunks take responsibility for their research .
We keep in mind that our subjects of interest are living organisms worthy of respect and good treatment , and we are acutely aware that our research has the potential to affect those around us .
But we reject outright the admonishments of the precautionary principle , which is nothing more than a paternalistic attempt to silence researchers by inspiring fear of the unknown .
When we work , it is with the betterment of the community in mind -- and that includes our community , your community , and the communities of people that we may never meet .
We welcome your questions , and we desire nothing more than to empower you to discover the answers to them yourselves .
The biopunks are actively engaged in making the world a place that everyone can understand .
Come , let us research together .
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License
３／１４（ホワイトデー）に開催される博麗神社 例大祭での新作はこちら。
東方Project 第 12.5 弾 ダブルスポイラー ～ 東方文花 帖
今回はおまけ的な扱いだった東方文花帖の第二弾となります。
「 もうストーリーや重厚な展開なんていらねーぜ。とにかく短時間ですぐ遊べて空き時間にちまちまゲームをしたい」って方もゲンナリしてプレイ時間が長いゲームが恋しくなる位、弾幕に虐めてもらえる内容になっています。
一応ゲーム内容を説明すると 「 天狗の新聞記者、射命丸文が妖怪、人間、その他を執拗にカメラで撮影し、叩きのめしてネタ帳に書き留める」ものとなっています。
弾幕を撮影すると、天狗の仕業でその弾幕を切り取ることが出来ます。それを使って敵の用意した弾幕を避ける方法を探す、若干、パズルゲーム要素の強い内容となっています。
前回の 「 東方文花帖 ～ Shoot the Bullet .
」から全てのキャラ、シーンを一新し、さらに追加のあれやこれも含めた最新作。例大祭の上海アリス幻樂団ブースにて完成品を頒布予定（１０００円予定）です！
気になった方は是非是非。
色々と気持ちよくなっていますよ。
以下はゲーム画 面
（画面は開発中のものでした）
＊注、他の作品に比べ（オールクリアの）難易度は高いので、鍛えておいてくださいね。
久々の更新です。３／１４（ホワイトデー）に開催される博麗神社 例大祭での新作はこちら。東 方Project 第 12.5 弾 ダブルスポイラー ～ 東方文花帖今回はおまけ的な扱いだった東方文花帖の第二弾となります。「もうストーリーや重厚な展開なんていらねーぜ。とにかく短時間ですぐ遊べて空き時間にちまちまゲームをしたい」って方もゲンナリしてプレイ時間が長いゲームが恋しくなる位、弾幕に虐めてもらえる内容になっています。一応ゲーム内容を説明すると「天狗の新聞記者、射命丸文が妖怪、人間、その他を執拗にカメラで撮影し、叩きのめしてネタ帳に書き留める」ものとなっています。弾幕を撮影すると、天狗の仕業でその弾幕を切り取ることが出来ます。それを使って敵の用意した弾幕を避ける方法を探す、若干、パズルゲーム要素の強い内容となっています。前回の「東方文花帖 ～ Shoot the Bullet .
」から全てのキャラ、シーンを一新し、さらに追加のあれやこれも含めた最新作。例大祭の上海アリス幻樂団ブースにて完成品を頒布予定（１０００円予定）です！
気になった方は是非是非。色々と気持ちよくなっていますよ。以下はゲーム画面（画面は開発中のものでした）＊注、他の作品に比べ（オールクリアの）難易度は高いので、鍛えておいてくださいね。
With iPad pre-orders having begun in the U.S. just a few hours ago , observers are looking for any signs that might indicate how sales are going .
According to one report , two orders placed 30 minutes apart this morning resulted in Order ID numbers approximately 10,000 apart , suggesting a rate somewhere near 20,000 orders per hour if order numbers are issued sequentially as they appear to be .
Now , of course , we can't be sure every order was for an iPad .
Apple does sell other stuff .
But at 830 am in the morning on the east coast , my guess is that most of the orders were for iPads .
Fortune has followed up with a report on a more organized effort that looks to be showing in excess of 50,000 orders in two hours , roughly in line with the earlier estimate .
" 51,000 orders in two hours , " announced Victor Castroll shortly after noon .
He 's an analyst with Valcent Financial Group and an AAPL Sanity member who , with the blogger - analyst who calls himself deagol , has been monitoring the spreadsheet .
The estimates of course come with several caveats .
On the downside as mentioned , not all of the orders being placed through Apple 's online store are for iPads , although it is likely that a very substantial portion of them are , given the excitement over Apple 's tablet device and previous launches .
But on the upside , the data includes order numbers , not unit numbers , and it seems reasonable that some purchasers are ordering multiple iPads at the same time .
Apple has restricted customers to two iPads per person , limiting but certainly not eliminating this effect on the estimates , suggesting that 50,000 iPads in two hours may at least be in the ballpark .
The Catholic Church warned the government on Monday against banning full - face Muslim veils , saying France must respect the rights of its Muslims if it wanted Muslim countries to do the same for their Christian minorities .
A parliamentary commission has urged the National Assembly to pass a resolution condemning full veils and then ban them .
“ If we want Christian minorities in Muslim majority countries to enjoy all their rights , we should in our country respect the rights of all believers to practice their faith , ” said Bishop Michel Santier , the top French Catholic official for interreligious dialogue .
In a leap toward making stem cell therapy widely available , researchers at the Ansary Stem Cell Institute at Weill Cornell Medical College have discovered that endothelial cells , the most basic building blocks of the vascular system , produce growth factors that can grow copious amounts of adult stem cells and their progeny over the course of weeks .
Until now , adult stem cell cultures would die within four or five days despite best efforts to grow them .
" This is groundbreaking research with potential application for regeneration of organs and inhibition of cancer cell growth , " said Dr. Antonio M. Gotto Jr. , the Stephen and Suzanne Weiss Dean of Weill Cornell Medical College and Provost for Medical Affairs of Cornell University .
This new finding sets forth the innovative concept that blood vessels are not just passive conduits for delivery of oxygen and nutrients , but are also programmed to maintain and proliferate stem cells and their mature forms in adult organs .
Using a novel approach to harness the potential of endothelial cells by " co-culturing " them with stem cells , the researchers discovered the means to manufacture an unlimited supply of blood - related stem cells that may eventually ensure that anyone who needs a bone marrow transplant can get one .
The vascular - cell model established in this study could also be used to grow abundant functional stem cells from other organs such as the brain , heart , skin and lungs .
An article detailing these findings appears in the March 5 issue of the journal Cell Stem Cell .
In adult organs , there are few naturally occurring stem cells , so using them for organ regeneration is impractical .
Until now , strategies to expand cultures of adult stem cells , which invariably used animal - based growth factors , serum , and genetically manipulated feeder cells , have only been marginally successful .
This study , which employs endothelial cells to propagate stem cells without added growth factors and serum , will likely revolutionize the use of adult stem cells for organ regeneration , as well as decipher the complex physiology of the adult stem cells .
" This study will have a major impact on the treatment of any blood - related disorder that requires a stem cell transplant , " says the study 's senior author , Dr. Shahin Rafii , the Arthur B. Belfer Professor in Genetic Medicine , co-director of the Ansary Stem Cell Institute and a Howard Hughes Medical Institute Investigator , at Weill Cornell Medical College .
Currently , stem cells derived from bone marrow or umbilical cord blood are used to treat patients who require bone marrow transplants .
Most stem cell transplants are successful , but because of the shortage of genetically matched bone marrow and umbilical cord blood cells , many patients cannot benefit from the procedure .
advertisement
" Over the last few decades , substantial funding has been spent to develop platforms to expand adult stem cell cultures , but these efforts have never been able to coax an authentic adult stem cell to self - renew beyond a few days , " continues Dr. Rafii .
" Most stem cells , even in the presence of multiple growth factors , serum , and support from generic non-endothelial stromal cells , die after a few days .
Now , employing our endothelial stem cell co-cultures , we can propagate bona fide adult stem cells in the absence of external factors and serum beyond 21 days with an expansion index of more than 400 - fold . "
If this vascular - based stem cell expansion strategy continues to be validated , physicians could use any source of hematopoietic ( blood - producing ) stem cells , propagate them exponentially , and bank the cells for transplantation into patients .
In a true first , the study demonstrates how this novel vascular cell platform or " vascular niche " can self - renew adult hematopoietic stem cells for weeks , both in vitro and in vivo , by co-culturing them on a bed of endothelial cells .
The researchers chose endothelial cells because they are in close contact with blood stem cells , and previous work from Dr. Rafii 's lab had demonstrated that endothelial cells produce novel stem - cell - active growth factors .
However , maintenance of the endothelial cells is cumbersome and if they are not " fed " specific substances , such as growth factors known as " angiogenic factors , " they immediately die .
To get around this problem , the researchers genetically engineered the endothelial cells to stay in a long - term survival state by inserting a recently discovered gene cloned from adenoviruses , which does not promote oncogenic transformation of the human cells .
This earlier discovery , using a single gene to put endothelial cells into a long - lasting " suspended animation " state without harming their ability to produce blood vessels , was also discovered in Dr. Rafii 's lab and published in the journal Proceedings of National Academy Sciences in 2008 .
Endothelial Cells Could Generate Stem Cells and Their Differentiated Progeny
In this study , the researchers also discovered that endothelial cells not only could expand stem cells , but also instruct stem cells to generate mature differentiated progeny that could form immune cells , platelets , and red and white blood cells , all of which constitute functioning blood .
advertisement
" We are the first group to demonstrate that endothelial cells elaborate a repertoire of stem - cell - active growth factors that not only stimulate stem cell expansion but also orchestrate differentiation of these stem cells into their mature progeny , " says Dr. Jason Butler , a senior investigator at Weill Cornell Medical College and first author of the study .
" For example , we have found that expression of specific stem - cell - active factors , namely Notch - ligands , by the endothelial cells lining the wall of working blood vessels promote proliferation of the blood - forming stem cells .
Inhibition of these specific factors on the endothelial cells resulted in the failure of the regeneration of the blood - forming stem cells .
These findings suggest that endothelial cells directly , through expression of stem - cell - active cytokines , promote stem cell reconstitution . "
Further describing this innovative concept , in a high - impact article published in the January 2010 issue of Nature Reviews Cancer , Drs. Rafii and Butler , and Dr. Hideki Kobayashi , who is also a co-author of the current study , have elaborated on specific endothelial cell - produced growth factors that promote the growth of tumor cells besides stem cells .
Development of the vascular - cell technology that supports long - lasting growth of stem cells will also allow scientists to generate abundant sources of functional and malignant stem cells for genetic and basic studies .
This study has also resolved a long - standing controversy in which several groups had claimed that bone - forming cells ( osteoblasts ) exclusively support the expansion of blood - forming stem cells .
" However , using a highly sophisticated molecular imaging approach , we show that regenerating blood - forming stem cells in the bone marrow are in intimate contact with the blood vessels , indicating that endothelial cells are the predominant regulator of stem cell repopulation in the adult bone marrow , " states Dr. Daniel Nolan , a senior scientist in Dr. Rafii 's lab and a co-author of the new study .
One other important concern addressed in this study was whether forced expansion of the stem cells over a long period of time would induce cancerous mutations in the stem cells .
However , the authors of this study show that , even after one year , there was no indication of tumor formation , such as leukemias , when the expanded stem cells were transplanted back into mice .
This suggests that the endothelial cells provide a milieu that proliferates stem cells without creating cancer risk .
The current breakthrough represents the culmination of many years of work by Dr. Rafii and his lab , including their research in converting adult mouse spermatogonial stem cells to endothelial cells ( Nature , September 2007 ) and in deriving stable , copious endothelial cells from human embryonic stem cells ( Nature Biotechnology , Jan. 17 , 2010 ) .
The ability to generate many stable endothelial cells from human embryonic stem cells leads to new research opportunities , according to Dr. Zev Rosenwaks , who is a co-author in this study and director and physician - in - chief of the Ronald O. Perelman and Claudia Cohen Center for Reproductive Medicine , as well as the director of the Tri-Institutional Stem Cell Initiative Derivation Unit at Weill Cornell Medical College .
Dr. Rosenwaks says , " Generation of endothelial cells derived from diseased embryonic stem cells that are being propagated in our Derivation Unit will open up new avenues of research to molecularly eavesdrop on the communication between vascular cells and stem cells .
This innovative line of investigation -- to determine how normal and abnormal human vascular cells induce the formation of organs during development of embryos and how dysfunction of endothelial cells results in developmental defects -- will lay the foundation for novel platforms for therapeutic organ regeneration . "
Dr. Rafii sees even more opportunities .
" Identification of as yet unrecognized growth factors produced by human embryonic cell - derived endothelium and adult endothelial cells that support stem cell expansion and differentiation will establish a new arena in stem cell biology .
We will be able to selectively activate endothelial cells not only to induce organ regeneration , but also to inhibit specifically the production of endothelial cell - derived factors in order to block the growth of tumors .
Our findings are the first steps toward such goals and they highlight the potential of vascular cells for generating sufficient stem cells for therapeutic organ regeneration , tumor targeting , and gene therapy applications , " concludes Dr. Rafii .
Co-authors include Daniel J. Nolan , Eva L. Vertes , Hideki Kobayashi , Andrea T. Hooper , Koji Shido , Ian A. White , Mariko Kobayashi , Yuki Kimura and Marco Seandel of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute and the Department of Genetic Medicine and Ansary Stem Cell Institute at NewYork - Presbyterian Hospital / Weill Cornell Medical Center ; Zev Rosenwaks , Chad May and Larry Witte of NewYork - Presbyterian Hospital / Weill Cornell Medical Center ; Carrie Shawber and Jan Kitajewski at NewYork - Presbyterian Hospital / Columbia University Medical Center ; Barbara Varnum - Finney of ImClone Systems Incorporated ; and Irwin D. Bernstein at Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center , Seattle .
The study received funding from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute .
KANDAHAR , Afghanistan — Ahmed Wali Karzai , the most powerful man in southern Afghanistan , may maintain links with drug dealers and insurgents , as some American officials and Afghans believe .
And he might have played a central role in last summer ’s fraudulent presidential election , as Western diplomats charged .
But Mr. Karzai is also the brother of the Afghan president , Hamid .
And after debating Ahmed Wali ’s future for months — and with a huge military operation in the area looming —
Afghan and American officials have decided that the president ’s brother will be allowed to stay in place .
Over the last several months , President Karzai has turned down repeated requests by both the American ambassador and the top American commander to move Ahmed Wali Karzai out of Kandahar , American officials here said .
Many Western and Afghan officials say he stands in the way of building a just and efficient Afghan government , which they see as essential to dislodging the Taliban and eventually allowing American troops to withdraw .
Senior American officials spent months weighing the allegations against Ahmed Wali Karzai : that he pays off Taliban insurgents , that he launders money , that he seizes land , that he reaps enormous profits by facilitating the shipment of opium through the area .
And the officials concluded that the evidence , some compelling , some circumstantial , was not clear enough to persuade the president to move his brother out of town , two NATO officials said .
By Hawk | TruthAlliance.net | Feb. 10 , 2009
You are that head of gold .
" After you , another kingdom will rise , inferior to yours .
Next , a third kingdom , one of bronze , will rule over the whole earth .
Finally , there will be a fourth kingdom , strong as iron -- for iron breaks and smashes everything -- and as iron breaks things to pieces , so it will crush and break all the others .
Just as you saw that the feet and toes were partly of baked clay and partly of iron , so this will be a divided kingdom ; yet it will have some of the strength of iron in it , even as you saw iron mixed with clay .
As the toes were partly iron and partly clay , so this kingdom will be partly strong and partly brittle .
And just as you saw the iron mixed with baked clay , so the people will be a mixture and will not remain united , any more than iron mixes with clay .
" In the time of those kings , the God of heaven will set up a kingdom that will never be destroyed , nor will it be left to another people .
It will crush all those kingdoms and bring them to an end , but it will itself endure forever .
Daniel 2:38 -44
This prophetic dream of the Babylonian King speaks of four empires that will rule the Earth , each in its turn .
Starting with Babylon the Great and the golden head , each layer grows weaker and weaker representing each major empire in its turn .
Here we are many centuries later watching the collectivist impulse in the human species being carried out once again , yet the dynamics are very different as Unified Europe seeks to pull down the whole of the world into a Global Oder .
This ' new Babylon ' has replaced priests with PhD's , Kings with Presidents , merchants with brokers , centurions with drones , and God with the self .
The only difference is the whole of the global empire is teetering on the incredibly fragile infrastructure , everything about it says it 's going to collapse in on itself .
The lumbering giant , symbol of tyranny and oppression will collapse as its feet of clay and iron crumble before it 's beastly weight .
The Golden King
The Babylonian system represents a convergence of political might , economic might , and military might exercising uni-lateral authority over competing populations and its own .
Babylon was known for it's great wealth conquering the once rich nation of Israel and many other nations , taking with it incredible riches and the spoils of war .
The support for the Babylonian kingdom among conquered nations was achieved by kidnapping and indoctrinating aristocratic youths into their system of empirical control .
They would then insert them back into these conquered and domesticated cultures to maintain the illusion of popular support .
These princes who under went Babylonian re-education would proclaim the superiority of their system , and as trade and wealth pored into their cities , discord soon waned among the people in invaded nations as time went on .
Support for the kingdom was waged more in the mind of its subjects than through the swift and devastating blade of military domination .
Babylon through superior economic leverage , and military force of arms , was quite impressive and was able to dominate the surrounding cultures through this method of suppression , but the true show of absolute power was focused in on their own people .
" That at what time ye hear the sound of the cornet , flute , harp , sackbut , psaltery , dulcimer , and all kinds of musick , ye fall down and worship the golden image that Nebuchadnezzar the king hath set up .
And whoso falleth not down and worshippeth shall the same hour be cast into the midst of a burning fiery furnace . "
Daniel 3:5,6
Total worship of the king and his image was demanded of the Babylonian nation states anyone who denied that all power and authority was present in the king and wielded godly authority on the Earth was quickly put to death .
Life was good unless you set yourself against the edicts of the king .
The Alloy of Empires
The Babylonian system represents the holy trinity of the god-state , where all power and authority was recognized in one supreame executive that was worshiped as a god .
Every empire goes through a period of expansion and tremendous growth , but due to the corruption and hubris of competing factions with in , the empire will eventually experience a period of decline .
The Iron Legs of the Roman empire prove to be an excellent example of how an empires military can be incredibly disciplined and achieve total spectrum domination on the battlefield but due to the rock star excess and egotistical indulgence on the part of the emperor class , they remained forever politically unstable and subject to collapse .
As a result , empires moved away from the universal executives overt rule , and began to rule by more cunningly covert methods of control .
Colonial rule , exercised by the British empire seemed new at the time but was really a revival of the old Babylonian system of waging economic war and buying influence through it 's colonial agents .
Agents who used the empires vast riches to ensnare the countries support through , treaties , banking deals and taxation to the crown .
What used to take thousands of foot soldiers to conquer , the resources and wealth of nations were now being spoiled through economic leveraging and the backroom dealings of shady colonial puppets with the empire .
The real gut wrenching example can be found with America succumbing to British control through the Federal Reserve Act of 1913 .
The subversion of the old emperical system of monatary control won out against the free people of America bringing them back under colonial British rule without the peoples knowledge .
The super wealthy , Bank of England and the Rothschild family simply bought out the American government as share holders of the Federal Reserve Bank , as debtor is subject to lender so is the U.S. Treasury and thus the tax payers subject to the Federal Reserve .
Rebuilding on Unstable Ground
Here we are in the present , this system of colonial rule has developed considerably .
Technology has exploded integrating human kind on a level never before seen .
Everything has been wired together quite literally in vast networks of computers , fiber optics , satellites and economic channels across the globe .
The lines between commerce , and nation states have been blurred and the global elite have monopolized industries seeking to once again coalesce its power into a centralized empire .
The old westernized world of the European elite , which houses the financial and political authority inside the newly constructed European Union , and it 's mechanized military partner America have now begun the process of collapsing their respective economies in favor of a universally ruled global government made up of G20 nations .
What seems to be a well orchestrated plan over the last century to erode national sovereignty of colluding nation states has begun , and out of this inevitable collapse a new world order has been announced , in which representative rule in a global union will provide the facade for the real power brokers who remain behind the scenes exercising influence in privatized kingdoms , a council of industry titans that reside outside the law in this technological brave new world .
Iron does n't Mix with Clay
The old world tendencies of war and iron - fist oppression is still present in today 's elite ruling super - class , but technology has far outpaced even their diabolically dark intellect and the human dynamic has exploded on to the scene , making the people hyper - aware of the danger they face in this next decade .
We humans are the unpredictable wild card in all of this , technology has opened our eyes , and danger lurks on the rim of our vision .
The New World Order , this old world iron is evil and it must be opposed .
As the new Babylonian beast attempts to arise , it will find its feet are in - sufficient to support its un - godly weight .
Weakness 1 : Technological Infrastructure
This is probably the most exposed aspect of the New World Order system , the entire military , financial system and ' Big Brother ' control grid derives its power from the heavily integrated yet wholly outdated and fragile telecommunications infrastructure .
All the computer systems of the world are wired together in a series of networks run by a gaggle of private and government based companies .
Linked up by satellites , and telecommunications hubs all across the world .
There are literally hundreds of these network operating centers ( NOC ) and telecom Central Offices ( CO ) in each community switching massive amounts of data , plugged into military bases , financial institutions , and even key infrastructure complexes like nuclear power plants .
It has been reported that one slip by a contractors shovel can cost billions of dollars of damage in down time .
The beast is literally wearing it 's tender genitalia on it's face , and if it gets overly heavy handed the peoples of the world could easily grind this whole system to halt without a a single shot fired .
The technological advances and sophisticated military systems are so inter-dependent on diverse highly specialized manafactured components from companies all over the globe the right cable cut could ground i.e. fleets of F - 16's and other key military supply lines to a halt , and in a matter of a year or less would be useless pieces of scrap metal .
NSA , DARPA , the Pentagon , Special Ops and everything is so heavily reliant on this technology if absent the playing field will once again be leveled back to the days of black powder where a man has to face his opponent on a open battlefield .
The elite are working to fix the problem , but it is and will remain to be the tender underbelly of the BEAST system .
They sure as hell fire do n't want the free peoples of the world to know , but anyone with a IT background knows this to be so and the secret is out .
Weakness 2 : The Enemies Tactics of Control Exposed
There have been a number of critical errors on the part of the establishment , believing they can utilize technology to enslave the westernized nations has proven to be a costly error .
Yes , propaganda , and t.v. media have shaped our culture into arrested developed dysfunctional , but the exponential spread of information has proven incredibly damaging as people wake up to the systems of sophisticated mind control that keeps men and women working their 9 - 5 and voting in rigged partisan political politics .
People are now capable of accessing , understanding and disseminating the elites own manuals regarding the complex systems of population dominance .
A art once reserved to the upper echelons of dynastic rulers , or confined to the whispers of hidden mystery schools are now the subject of discussion on 1000's of forums across the internet .
The lies used to keep the hegemony of power in civilization under wraps , have already spilled their way into the consciousness of the people .
Blogs , radio shows , and guerrilla video news have erupted and give little wiggle room to the current batch of charlatans and salesmen of the day .
Here are few of the tactics the elite use that have quite literally been snatched from their diabolical control freak hands .
The information revolution has rendered these tactics useless like an exposed magicians parlor trick .
False Flag Terror Attacks -
War build up is very profitable , and if there is no wars then the idea is to start them .
How you ask ?
Simple , dress up your own people in opposition colors have them attack your own stronghold and sit back and wait for the outrage of your people to mount driving the nation to war .
### BAD OBJECT WITH BAD URL : youtube.com ###
( If you believe it to be a reliable , safe site , please email us at rob@opednews.com and we will consider adding the site to our whitelist . )
Double Think -
Derived from the works of George Orwells book 1984 , we see how a person can quite literally hold two paradoxical views in their heads that would quite easily cancel each other out under normal and less politically stressed conditions .
I.E. " A country spending it 's way out of bankruptcy " , " War = Peace " , " A jobless recovery " or " we have to give up our freedoms to secure liberty " .
These are purposely put forth to freeze critical thinking within a society .
Political Correctness -
This is a method used to limit free speech in an open society , by setting up protected classes of people , whether religion , sexual orientation , political ideology or race this stifles any type of debate and progress with in the targeted society .
Divide and Conquer - A method to divide a unified group of people into factional categories along political , racial , religious lines .
The more ways one can fracture the population the easier they are to manage and misdirect the force of their collective intent .
Keeping one freeman at another freeman 's throat allows the manipulators the opportunity to seize control amidst the chaos .
Problem , Reaction , Solution - Never let a good crisis go to waste , or just artificially create one .
Fear is a powerful motivating force , simply engineer a crisis , fear and chaos ensues , and then people will react in panic , calling upon government to offer up the solution .
Which usually means more , military , legislation , and money thrown at the problem giving those in power an excuse for more executive power to be centralized in a person or party who has the perceived " solution " ready to deploy .
Economic Enslavement -
The central banking system is a ingenious way to enslave entire populations , simply use the control of money to encourage nations or people to take out loans at interest rates they could never pay back .
When the debtor files bankruptcy the bank then seizes all property and assets or real value with in a society .
This flash video was removed for security reasons
Destruction of the Family Unit - A incredibly damaging tactic of control is to break up and confuse the long established relationship between male and female .
The family being the building blocks of all healthy societies have been targeted by the elite .
By confusing the roles of husband and wife through eloborate social revolutions and empowerment movements with in a society one gender over the other and vise versa conflict arises disrupting this basic unit of society and can cause tremendous damage to the fabric of a nation .
A society with out a strong family unit raises increasingly dysfunctional and self - destructive children , and is exponentially degenerate as generation passes this behavior on to their children and in turn their children .
Multiculturalism - Another way to destroy a country is to introduce a massive influx of cultures into a society that fail to learn the language and integrate into it 's system of laws .
The tide of illegal immigrants into the United States serves as a perfect example of this tactic at work in today 's world and has proven to be incredibly taxing on the nation as a result , stressing it to a breaking point .
Front companies and co-intel pro -
The wealthy have long known it is far easier to fund and train their own people to set up institutions , and organizations that cloak themselves as allies of the their opposition to slowly mobilize support and then when the time is right use their influence to create dissent and confusion with in the co-opted organization .
This device works very well in rendering a collective useless and fighting among themselves .
### BAD OBJECT WITH BAD URL : youtube.com ###
( If you believe it to be a reliable , safe site , please email us at rob@opednews.com and we will consider adding the site to our whitelist . )
All of these tactics and more are currently being waged against the populations of the globe in a concise and orchestrated fashion to centralize power and support for the New World Order now emerging .
Weakness # 3 Scientific Hoaxs and Social Engineering Uncovered
In order to establish a New World Order , the nation states of the world would have to willingly give up their sovereignty .
This has posed a very , very big problem for our would be global masters .
Especially here in the United States were we are exceptionally nationalistic .
Billions of dollars have been used to create " think tanks " and UN backed scientific institutions to develop white papers on how exactly to do break the backs of nations who have proven to be uncooperative .
The problem is most of their global empire is built on the " big lie " which is to say , tell the lie long and often enough and people will eventually come to accept it as true .
This only works if information to the contrary is not ready available and easily disseminated which it is via the internet rendering these lies in - effective out of the gate .
You can challenge yourself by determining which " tactics " of empirical control come into play .
I.e. " climate change = problem reaction solution " .
It 's easy when you know the elites games .
Climate Change -
The laughable " science " of global warming which has been proven an audacious lie to fund and build the bureaucratic constructs of a global system of governance have been exposed as a fraud .
Which for the elite has literally been forced fed to populations as a global issue that can only be resolved by a global regulating body of some sort .
The swine flu pandemic - Another hoax that was perpetuated by big pharma and the global health organization body called the World Health Organization ( WHO ) , aiming to create a crisis without a borders that can only be solved once again by global governance .
The War on Terror - Al - qaeda is a global specter and a instrument of political control , and not a real threat in the least .
An establishment boogie man to induce a state of perpetual war .
### BAD OBJECT WITH BAD URL : youtube.com ###
( If you believe it to be a reliable , safe site , please email us at rob@opednews.com and we will consider adding the site to our whitelist . )
Eugenics and Population Control - Another false specter with " global implications " , pushed into our consciousness .
The maxim is simply we need a global government in place to curb the population explosion .
This is another false reality , in most western countries population is declining , yet in the 3rd world population is a problem because the rate of infant death is extremely high , making it necessary for families to have 4 - 5 children assuring a chance of survival .
The answer is to simply economically empower these 3rd world countries which naturally reduces the need for large families as access to medicine and food become readily available .
Instead they and the western nations have been targeted by the global body of social engineers for population reduction .
The rise in cancer rates , and debilitating disease in western societies and rise in AIDS and sterilization programs in the 3rd world have risen astronomically .
The population is undergoing what is termed " soft kill " extermination programs and have been under way for decades .
The water is full of poisons and heavy metals , food is tainted with Genetically Modified Organisms ( GMO ) and artificial chemicals that have been proven to destroy healthy function in the body .
This is by design and has impacted you and your family .
Pulling Ourselves from the Rubble
As more and more people learn to read between the lines in this " new " Babylon system , the less likely the super - class will succeed in bringing their master plan to completion .
When one realizes that these tactics and lies are what they have built their power base on , it becomes obvious that we simply can't allow such morally deficient , sociopaths to wield any sort of power on this planet much less universal power .
They have shown their hand , the outrage is mounting and like the dream of Nebuchadnezzar God is raising up a new Kingdom , a Kingdom of sovereign individuals that the Babylon system will hurl itself against only to be smashed to pieces .
It simply can't stand when built upon a foundation of lies , brutality and a flimsy technological infrastructure .
For those who can see it , we have arrived .
The Beast must fall first though , as the system realizes the people have indeed awakened to its dark implications it will attempt to lunge forward without having completed its formation , causing its un -timely demise .
Set your spiritual and physically house in order and may God Bless the people of the ' New Kingdom ' .
Flickr logo .
If you click it , you 'll go home
Photo /
All sizes
Looking for the HTML code and photo file link ?
Check out this FAQ .
In a look at the lighter - hearted side of F1 - what can to the outside world at times appear an overly serious and self - important sphere - two stories have emerged of late guaranteed to put a smile on the face .
After writing off his Red Bull Racing RB5 in a late - race coming - together with BMW - Sauber rival Robert Kubica in the curtain - raising Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne twelve months ago , Sebastian Vettel baptised its replacement ' Kate 's Dirty Sister ' - because , he reasoned , she was faster and more aggressive than her predecessor ' Kate ' .
Fond of apportioning female names to his cars , the young German had equipped his 2008 Scuderia Toro Rosso challenger with the moniker ' Julie ' , emblazoned across the dashboard , and now his 2010 on - track companion can officially be revealed - Luscious Liz .
Vettel 's real - life girlfriend is called Hanna .
" If I could design a superstar , Sebastian would be the result , " the sport 's influential commercial rights - holder Bernie Ecclestone told Auto Bild Motorsport .
" He is exactly what Formula 1 one needs - a young , super - talented driver who is intelligent but not arrogant , popular with the public and good with the media , normal but still very professional . "
Meanwhile , Vettel 's compatriot Timo Glock has been having some fun - and - games of his own of late .
After reportedly telephoning the local police station at Darmstadt to complain about some children throwing snowballs at his house , the 27 - year - old 's call was answered by an officer named ... Michael Schumacher .
Both men refused to believe that the other was not , well , taking the Michael regarding their respective identities , and it was only when Herr Schumacher drove around to the Virgin Racing star 's house , the Austrian Times reveals , that all became apparent .
And by that time , the errant schoolchildren had departed the scene .
First , we pointed this out quite some time ago .
See : Winds are Dominant Cause of Greenland and West Antarctic Ice Sheet Losses and also NASA Sees Arctic Ocean Circulation Do an About - Face
Second I ’m pleased to see the Guardian finally catching on .
You can watch wind patterns in this time lapse animation :
From the Guardian :
Wind contributing to Arctic sea ice loss , study finds
New research does not question climate change is also melting ice in the Arctic , but finds wind patterns explain steep decline .
Much of the record breaking loss of ice in the Arctic ocean in recent years is down to the region ’s swirling winds and is not a direct result of global warming , a new study reveals .
Ice blown out of the region by Arctic winds can explain around one - third of the steep downward trend in sea ice extent in the region since 1979 , the scientists say .
The study does not question that global warming is also melting ice in the Arctic , but it could raise doubts about high - profile claims that the region has passed a climate “ tipping point ” that could see ice loss sharply accelerate in coming years .
The new findings also help to explain the massive loss of Arctic ice seen in the summers of 2007 - 08 , which prompted suggestions that the summertime Arctic Ocean could be ice - free withing a decade .
About half of the variation in maximum ice loss each September is down to changes in wind patterns , the study says .
Masayo Ogi , a scientist with the Japan Agency for Marine - Earth Science and Technology in Yokohama , and her colleagues , looked at records of how winds have behaved across the Arctic since satellite measurements of ice extent there began in 1979 .
They found that changes in wind patterns , such as summertime winds that blow clockwise around the Beaufort Sea , seemed to coincide with years where sea ice loss was highest .
Writing in a paper to be published in the journal Geophysical Research Letters , the scientists suggest these winds have blown large amounts of Arctic ice south through the Fram Strait , which passes between Greenland and the Norwegian islands of Svalbard , and leads to the warmer waters of the north Atlantic .
These winds have increased recently , which could help explain the apparent acceleration in ice loss .
…
read the complete story at the Guardian
Digital Inspiration is a popular tech blog published by Google Developer Expert Amit Agarwal .
We build Google Add-ons for Gmail , Google Sheets , and Google Drive with Google Apps Script .
Some of the most popular Google Scripts include :
You can also checkout Reverse Image Mobile Search , Online Speech Recognition and Website Screenshots , they are among the most useful websites on the Internet .
Desktop comparison - Zenwalk Linux , Salix OS and GoblinX
Everybody 's definition of bloat will probably be somewhat different , depending on the hardware they have and how far they are willing to go and make sacrifices on the performance scale to get their desired useful , functional , friendly desktop .
There can not be any doubt that , by default , some distributions -- and for that matter desktop environments -- are heavier than others , and often we are asked here on DistroWatch or elsewhere to recommend a distro that will run well on older hardware , but is still nice to look at and has the tools available for any job thrown at it .
I 'm a big fan of Slackware because I have always found it immensely clean , stable , and faster than others .
I also like Xfce - based distributions - they are fast , simple and elegant .
For anybody who would like a slightly friendlier start there are several derivatives that would fit the bill quite nicely , but they all appear similar on the surface and any user coming from the background of a DEB or RPM package distro might find themselves facing the question which one to bother with .
Indeed , do they all just differ in their wallpapers and kernel versions ?
This week I 'll be taking a look at the latest versions of Zenwalk Linux , Salix OS and GoblinX ( g: Mini edition ) .
All three come with Xfce 4.6.1 as their default desktop environment , although others can be installed later .
This makes for the perfect choice for our objective - a lightweight but still very functional GUI with a reasonably populated settings panel for people who do not want to have to edit text files to get their AfterStep , WindowMaker or IceWM to behave and look the way they like .
There is also Wolvix that would fit into this category , but it has not had a stable release since August 2007 .
All three distros immediately benefit from the vast universe of packages and repositories available for Slackware , as well as their own .
Zenwalk has branched off a bit more but is staying fully compatible with Slackware packages , as do the others .
It is recommended to stay with the distro's own repositories and supplement them with Slackware package builds as needed , but not to mix and match , for example Salix and Zenwalk packages in any of the two , although it may work , or not .
In my experience a Zenwalk package proved to work fine in Slackware , but you 'll be on your own if things go wrong , and why would you want to do this except for curiosity with the wealth of packages and build scripts out there .
The test machines : an IBM T42 Thinkpad 1800 Pentium M with 1,024 MB of RAM , Atheros wireless ( ath5k ) a self - made desktop PC with AMD Duron 900 MHz and 512 MB of RAM .
a self - built Dual - Core AMD Athlon X2 4200 at 2,200 MHz , socket 939 with 3 GB of RAM .
This one is 4.5 years old now and my most modern piece .
Both desktops use wireless GetNet GN - 331U USB sticks ( Ralink , confusingly sometimes identified as 2870 , sometimes as 3070 ) in the home to cut down on the clutter , and to have this working is a requirement .
Keep in mind that I built these for Linux , and also chose the Thinkpad for the very reason of compatibility .
The USB sticks were a gamble but proved to work fine once the drivers were installed under Slackware 13.0 , my usual day - to - day operating system now .
All of them use older ATI cards for video that are fully supported in X.
Org , playing 3D games just fine .
The newest one is a Radeon 9800 Pro 128 MB , the oldest a AIW Rage Fury Pro 32 MB .
Zenwalk Linux 6.2
My first candidate is Zenwalk Linux , now at 6.2 , not the least because I used to run it in 2006 - 7 when it was the first to offer preview versions of Xfce 4.4 .
It always performed well and worked without a hitch on my computers .
The current version comes with kernel 2.6.30.5 ( same as in the Slackware 13.0 / testing repository ) and at only 492.3 MB , it easily fits on any CD and is also more accessible to those with limited bandwidth or speed .
Off to the install , and this is the usual streamlined process we have come to know from Zenwalk , a few questions as to keyboard layout , partitioning and setting up your swap and mounts and off you go .
There is no choice here over what to install .
This is a text - based , obviously Slackware derived installer with typical Zenwalk pastel blue colours and logo in the background , and the whole affair has a nice no - nonsense feel to it .
Zenwalk is more modern than the current stable Slackware in that it ships GTK + 2.16 ( instead of 2.14 ) which is important for some applications like Liferea to compile against if you do n't want an ancient version .
It also comes with GStreamer and libdvdnav .
On first boot where you proceed to the rest of the configuration I get an " Out of range " black screen problem with my new ASUS widescreen .
That 's right , X. Org has n't been configured yet .
Hmm , OK , reboot , go into text mode at the LILO screen which allows me to scan for supported modes , type one in , off it goes .
So far so good , I 'll spare you the post - configuration because that 's not what it 's about .
Login screen and default wallpaper looking lovely and tie in with the nice background from the installer .
More importantly , I 'm chuffed it detected my monitor resolution and everything looks crisp .
Wicd is loaded by default and even detects my wireless access point .
However , no connection yet !
Looking around the networking and wireless scripts in /etc / rc.d reveals these are standard Slackware .
The driver still needs to be compiled as a module and after the kernel sources are downloaded and the config .mk adjusted for native_wpa_supplicant_support compilation goes without a hitch and we are online wirelessly .
The package manager , Netpkg , seems cumbersome and awkward to use and has changed quite a bit , but it supports dependency resolution with Zenwalk 's repositories .
There does n't seem to be an overview for all installed or available packages ; instead , everything is lumped into groups with only the option to search for specific packages .
But perhaps it 's just a matter of getting used to the way Netpkg works .
Overall I much prefer GSlapt and slapt - get or , of course , Synaptic and apt - get .
Zenwalk comes with Brasero disc burner , OpenOffice.org ( in its Go-oo incarnation ) , Exaile for playing music ( I personally prefer Audacious or XMMS ) , with Totem instead of MPlayer or Xine for movies and it uses File Roller for archives .
Why use a slower GNOME tool when there is Xarchiver ?
Apart from that , it 's a pretty standard Xfce with custom icon theme , slightly changed menu structure and lots of plugins at the ready that I usually have to compile .
It comes pretty close to what I add in Slackware , including Evince , Iso Master , Htop and Catfish search tool .
Even Lightning is installed in Icedove to make for a full - featured PIM .
This is nice attention to detail .
Multimedia works well with GStreamer playing a couple of movies from my hard drive , but I believe Flash is not installed , and libdvdcss is not there by default either .
Playing it safe , or free .
Zenwalk also comes with a control center with which you can manage start - up services , firewall , and kernel modules to name but a few , but it 's not on par with Mandriva's .
Oddly enough , the loaded wireless module is identified as rt3070sta although it installed as rt2870sta.dat .
I also had to rename the folder from 3070 to 2870 for it to work , something I had to do on all installations of Slackware with this module so far .
This is more an observation and by no means Zenwalk 's fault .
Zenwalk 's forums are some of the friendliest I 've ever used , and the fact that it has been going for a long time means there is a treasure trove of information , albeit sometimes outdated .
You can usually get help within a day although occasionally you may feel ignored .
Zenwalk Linux 6.2 with the Netpkg package manager
( full image size : 438 kB , screen resolution 1920x1080 pixels )
Salix OS 13.0.2a
There have been some disagreements in Zenwalk land last year and , as a result , the Salix OS project was formed , with the philosophy of staying closer to the original .
The first release was Salix 13 , and it's using the same kernel version as the current Slackware stable release , 2.6.29.6 .
I 'm taking a look at its latest revision , 13.0.2a .
The 32 - bit image at 540.1 MB still sits very comfortable on one CD .
Salix , unlike Zenwalk , is also available for x86_64 , and also provides its own repositories .
The installer is basically the same as Slackware , ncurses without even a change of colour .
Interestingly , I am asked whether I want a full install , basic or core .
At this small size I go for full .
The feeling I get immediately while watching the installation go by is that this is a repackaged Slackware 13 with a subset of packages and the latest patches , sticking as close to stable as possible .
After setting up users , Salix reboots automatically ( without pressing Ctrl - Alt - Del ) and the boot screen comes up with Salix 's Bonsai tree logo in the background .
Nice , no need to mess about this time .
There 's a boot entry for Windows although I do n't even have it installed , but no big deal .
Splash and login screen look truly awesome .
Call me vain , and I usually do not go by looks but by functionality and stability , but this is nice , and it may be an important aspect when you have three distros that are so close .
Right , I 'm in the ' testuser ' account I created and the loveliness continues , the resolution has been set up correctly , clear and crisp .
The layout is standard Xfce 4.6.1 with all standard panel plugins available , OpenOffice.org proper and overall pretty much the same selection as in Zenwalk .
File Roller is also here again .
However , Salix has opted for the somewhat lighter and faster Claws - Mail for email .
Good choice in my book because it has better filtering capabilities for Usenet newsgroups than Thunderbird .
Wicd is up again and -- I cannot believe it -- after inputting my passphrase , wireless works on the desktops , no compile necessary !
Installing from the repositories is handled by GSlapt or by slapt - get if you like command - line flexibility .
One can find LimeWire here , games like chromium - bsu , statistical software like R and also VirtualBox .
It seems to pull Slackware packages directly from Slackware mirrors , with Salix providing additional packages .
Efficient .
Even wbar and terminator that I have been struggling to find in other repositories are here .
This greatly expands the prepackaged software available for Slackware , 32 and 64 , as it 's fully compatible .
At the same time , one can still use the SlackBuild scripts and they should work on Salix too .
Multimedia support seemed non-existent as none of my video files in MPEG , AVI , WMV or MOV format played , and my MP3 collection was rather useless .
That 's when I discovered a shortcut in the menu to install multimedia codecs , and proceeded after reading the warning about patents .
Codecs installed fine and my files started playing with GStreamer .
I thought I might have to manually extract and dump the MPlayer w32 codecs on the hard drive but no such thing .
A visit to YouTube confirms that Flash is there too .
An entry called Startup services is letting you adjust these but there seems to be no control panel like in Zenwalk .
Not necessarily a bad thing .
There are shortcuts on the desktop to the Salix IRC channel and the Salix Wiki , this page also leads to the forum if interested .
I connected to IRC for a while and there were about five people hanging out there so you will not be talking to yourself if experiencing a problem .
Nice touch .
All this was amazingly smooth and there is really no more to say at this point .
If the old - style Slackware installer is n't putting you off you wo n't have any problems with Salix .
Salix OS 13.0.2a - desktop includes innovative artwork
( full image size : 1,087 kB , screen resolution 1920x1080 pixels )
GoblinX 3.0 " g: Mini "
GoblinX g: Mini is the oldest of the three distributions tested , with the current version 3.0 released early October 2009 .
It is using kernel 2.6.27.6 , more reminiscent of Slackware 12.2 , although Slackware 13.0 was out at that time .
It 's a nimble download at 289.3 MB which should make it suitable for the more bandwidth constrained .
Looks - wise this seems to be the most customized of all three .
It also offers Xfce 4.6.1 but in a more GNOME - like layout with the menu in the upper left and has plenty of plugins already set up in the panels , for example smart bookmarks to the GoblinX forum and home page .
It 's obvious it has been designed more as a live CD but can also be put on the hard drive , and comes with a plethora of small applications not seen in the other two , like an fstab editor , that you would not expect given its small size .
It uses GTK + 2.14 and generally package versions feel more outdated .
This release seems stuck somewhere between Slackware 12.2 and 13.0 and is definitely more of a mix than the previous two in the roundup .
The developers have followed their own tastes here and created something that stands out from the crowd .
The live installer provides a graphical environment in which you can choose the root partition , file system , desktop environment , language and init level .
No other partitions can be specified at this time but will have to be added later in fstab .
Then the LZM modules are uncompressed and dumped on your partition .
On reboot the monitor resolution was detected and it looked good if slightly " old " somehow .
Wireless was not working , neither on the desktop nor the Atheros chip on the laptop .
Correction , iwconfig told it was actually detected , but apart from NDISwrapper if you have Windows drivers there is no graphical utility to set up the network information .
You can , of course , enter the appropriate information into the text files or install wicd later but this can be difficult if you 're out and about with only WiFi access in the first place .
The choice of software included is pretty standard , but this time with Audacious and XMMS for music , gxine for video , and AbiWord and Gnumeric are present for your office needs .
Oh no , File Roller is here again too !
What has Xarchiver done to them ?
GSlapt is here to handle your updates and new installations , and several tools to create your own modules and live remasters .
GoblinX strives to give us a completely free distribution and thus no codecs are included and no link to get them easily .
There 's one to install Adobe Flash in the menu but it did n't work for me , although now on wired connection .
Despite GoblinX seemingly offering all the Xfce panel plugins you could possibly want , including one to control mpd and wmdock for WindowMaker applets , I 'm now getting the idea that this is more trouble than it's worth and that Slackware proper is easier to set up .
There is no control panel , but several tools like one for daemon control and a graphical LILO editor .
The GoblinX web site feels awkward and it took me a while to locate the tiny shortcut to the forum further down the page .
This being a Brazilian distro half the postings were in Portuguese .
GoblinX 3.0 " g: Mini : edition with the GSlapt package management tool
( full image size : 1,088 kB , screen resolution 1920x1080 pixels )
Conclusions
I love them all , each in their own way , but the purpose was to compare and find a winner if you want an easy life at home and just something that works without much hassle , and I 'm not going to cop out now .
Xfce is a fast and potent environment that I believe can meet most people 's needs , but it does not achieve its full potential in most distributions due to the underlying base .
However in a well - done distro you wo n't need any other environment for your daily computing and benefit from a considerable speed gain .
Well , GoblinX seems quite a specialised niche distro that is severely lacking in some parts , probably enough not to bother with it when there are better alternatives .
It seems to have been designed primarily as a live CD that can also be installed , but with shortcomings .
It may be good as a base for your own Xfce - based live CD remaster after you 've configured the networking , for those who do n't want to go with Slax and KDE 3 .
If you ever should need support it will be a good thing to speak Portuguese .
The developers were not afraid to create something with unique character , but this clearly does not make it appropriate for most users out there for easy day - to - day use at home or on the road .
No surprise , all three flew on the Dual - Core machine but things got more interesting on the Thinkpad and particularly on the old Duron Spitfire .
Zenwalk was subjectively the most responsive and snappiest in use , while both Salix and Zenwalk only need seconds to boot even at this low end .
As expected , neither had any problems with wireless on the Thinkpad as ath5 k has been in the kernel for a while now .
Zenwalk appeared the most elegant with its slick interface .
Due to admittedly rather minor problems , it is only my second choice here , and once you get into Netpkg and have made it past the X .
Org configuration , it makes for a very nice system with most multimedia pre-installed and newer versions of some libraries .
It appeared the most ' cutting edge ' among these three .
Zenwalk also includes Novell 's enhanced version of OpenOffice.org with better integration for Microsoft formats and binary support , multimedia integration and native file chooser .
This could be what you want , or why you 'll shun it .
Zenwalk also uses Iceweasel and Icedove , and I can recall some IMAP connection problems with GMail on Debian with Icedove .
Personally I 'd rather have the original , and this is why I 'm not using Debian much anymore .
On Zenwalk you could at least use the build script from Slackware and re-package your own Firefox instead .
However , one could also just run Salix and be done with it .
Salix 13 wins my top notes for staying so close to the original , providing endless repositories and full use of all Slackware packages and scripts out there , unaltered software , an unchanged Xfce 4.6.1 menu and panel layout , out - of - the - box wireless , one - click install of multimedia plugins and codecs and beautiful artwork .
If you would rather have a newer version of GTK + you can still upgrade this from gnome.slackbuild.org .
Whether you 're an aspiring ex -Ubuntu or ex-Mandriva user or just want something light but with lots of possibilities , give Salix a chance .
It 's easy , very easy .
( Recent Entries ) ( Archive ) ( Friends ) ( Profile ) ( Crisper Than Thou )
01:41 pm - 100 Words : Another Whine About the Revolution
Hotter every year .
That 's what they say .
Our shovels bite into dry , hard ground again and again .
The supervisoid is coming up the line .
We try to look like we ’ve been working hard this whole time , but it can read body temperature fluctuation and the chemical content of our exhalation .
“ No like assignment ? ” it buzzes .
“ Would like buy freedom ?
Easily done !
Beam sixty - four bits of credstream and I let you go right now . ”
We grumble .
It laughs .
“ Oh yes !
Forgot : Meatsack no can beam .
Meatsack no can connect market . ”
Microwaves lash the water in our skin .
“ Get back to work . ”
------
For consideration : " When was the last time you dug a ditch , baby ? "
'' If children are talking to each other on Windows Live or MSN Messenger , we are looking at ways of providing the chat room moderators with the technology to be able to see whether an adult is on there by the way they type . ''
PRINCETON , NJ -- Gallup 's annual update on Americans ' attitudes toward the environment shows a public that over the last two years has become less worried about the threat of global warming , less convinced that its effects are already happening , and more likely to believe that scientists themselves are uncertain about its occurrence .
In response to one key question , 48 % of Americans now believe that the seriousness of global warming is generally exaggerated , up from 41 % in 2009 and 31 % in 1997 , when Gallup first asked the question .
These results are based on the annual Gallup Social Series Environment poll , conducted March 4 - 7 of this year .
The survey results show that the reversal in Americans ' concerns about global warming that began last year has continued in 2010 -- in some cases reverting to the levels recorded when Gallup began tracking global warming measures more than a decade ago .
For example , the percentage of Americans who now say reports of global warming are generally exaggerated is by a significant margin the highest such reading in the 13 - year history of asking the question .
In 1997 , 31 % said global warming 's effects had been exaggerated ; last year , 41 % said the same , and this year the number is 48 % .
Fewer Americans Think Effects of Global Warming Are Occurring
" In a sharp turnaround from what Gallup found as recently as three years ago , Americans are now almost evenly split in their views of the cause of increases in the Earth 's temperature over the last century . "
Many global warming activists have used film and photos of melting ice caps and glaciers , and the expanding reach of deserts , to drive home their point that global warming is already having alarming effects on the earth .
While these efforts may have borne fruit over much of the 2000s , during the last two years , Americans ' convictions about global warming 's effects have waned .
A majority of Americans still agree that global warming is real , as 53 % say the effects of the problem have already begun or will do so in a few years .
That percentage is dwindling , however .
The average American is now less convinced than at any time since 1997 that global warming 's effects have already begun or will begin shortly .
Meanwhile , 35 % say that the effects of global warming either will never happen ( 19 % ) or will not happen in their lifetimes ( 16 % ) .
The 19 % figure is more than double the number who held this view in 1997 .
In similar fashion , the percentage of Americans who believe that global warming is going to affect them or their way of life in their lifetimes has dropped to 32 % from a 40 % high point in 2008 .
Two - thirds of Americans say global warming will not affect them in their lifetimes .
The shift in these views during the past two years has been particularly striking .
The percentage who said global warming would pose a serious threat increased gradually from 1997 through 2008 .
The trend in these responses changed course last year , with slightly fewer Americans saying global warming would have a significant effect in their lifetimes .
This year , that percentage is down even more , marking a six - point drop from 2009 , and roughly similar to where it was nine years ago .
Americans Divided on Causes of Global Warming
In a sharp turnaround from what Gallup found as recently as three years ago , Americans are now almost evenly split in their views of the cause of increases in the Earth 's temperature over the last century .
In 2003 , 61 % of Americans said such increases were due to human activities -- in line with advocates of the global warming issue -- while 33 % said they were due to natural changes in the environment .
Now , a significantly diminished 50 % say temperature increases are due to human activities , and 46 % say they are not .
Americans Less Sure About Scientists ' Beliefs
Since last fall , there have been widespread news accounts of allegations of errors in scientific reports on global warming and alleged attempts by some scientists to doctor the global warming record .
These news reports may well have caused some Americans to re-evaluate the scientific consensus on global warming .
Roughly half of Americans now say that " most scientists believe that global warming is occurring , " down from 65 % in recent years .
The dominant opposing thesis , held by 36 % of Americans , is that scientists are unsure about global warming .
An additional 10 % say most scientists believe global warming is not occurring .
The percentage of Americans who think most scientists believe global warming is occurring has dropped 13 points from two years ago , and is the lowest since the first time Gallup asked this question back in 1997 .
Implications
The last two years have marked a general reversal in the trend of Americans ' attitudes about global warming .
Most Gallup measures up to 2008 had shown increasing concern over global warming on the part of the average American , in line with what one might have expected given the high level of publicity on the topic .
Former Vice President Al Gore had been particularly prominent in this regard , with the publication of his bestselling book , " An Inconvenient Truth , " an Academy Award - winning documentary movie focusing on his global warming awareness campaign , and Gore 's receipt of a Nobel Peace Prize in 2007 .
But the public opinion tide turned in 2009 , when several Gallup measures showed a slight retreat in public concern about global warming .
This year , the downturn is even more pronounced .
Some of the shifts in Americans ' views may reflect real - world events , including the publicity surrounding allegations of scientific fraud relating to global warming evidence , and -- perhaps in some parts of the country -- a reflection of the record - breaking snow and cold temperatures of this past winter .
Additionally , evidence from last year showed that the issue of global warming was becoming heavily partisan in nature , and it may be that the continuing doubts about global warming put forth by conservatives and others are having an effect .
A forthcoming analysis here at Gallup.com will examine shifts in global warming attitudes in recent years among various demographic and political groups .
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone interviews with a random sample of 1,014 national adults , aged 18 and older , conducted March 4 - 7 , 2010 .
For results based on the total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±4 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
From : Tim Berners - Lee < : Tim Berners - Lee < timbl@w3.org
Message - Id : < 5E4FDAC0-9B11-4823-9BC9-453F3836818D@w3.org >
Cc : Philippe Le Hegaret < : Philippe Le Hegaret < plh@w3.org > , Ralph Swick < swick@w3.org
To : HTML WG < : HTML WG < public-html@w3.org
Some in the community have raised questions recently about whether some work products of the HTML Working Group are within the scope of the Group 's charter .
Specifically in question were the HTML Canvas 2D API , and the HTML Microdata and HTML +RDFa Working Drafts .
( A separate question , not to be confused , has been whether the work should be in the HTML5 document .
In these three cases , I was happy to see the removal of the sections from the document , to make a more modular set of specifications .
See also [ 1 ] for reasons for modularity in specifications . )
The work of the group has grown since it was chartered , and the charter document itself is no longer sufficiently explicit .
( See recent W3C blog post on this topic [ 2 ] ) .
This message clarifies what I consider to be within the scope of the group .
I agree with the WG chairs that these items -- data and canvas -- are reasonable areas of work for the group .
It is appropriate for the group to publish documents in this area .
On the one hand , they elaborate areas touched on in HTML4 .
On the other , these elaborations are much deeper than the features of HTML4 , but also they form separate subsystems , and these subsystems have strong overlaps with other design areas .
It is important ( a ) that the design be modular ; ( b ) that the specifications be kept modular and ( c ) that the communities of expertise of the respective fields ( graphics and data ) be involved in the design process .
I am asking the domain lead to annotate the charter in place to make these points clearer to newcomers .
I encourage the group to establish joint task forces to help ensure that the needs of the larger community are met .
I appreciate the continued work of the group and co-Chairs to ensure constructive inter and intra-group communication , and to make the HTML Working Group a forum conducive to participation . [ 1 ]
http://www.w3.org/QA/2008/01/modularity [ 2 ]
http://www.w3.org/QA/2010/02/working_group_publication_requ
Tim Berners - Lee Director , W3C
JSF 2.0 Views : Hello Facelets , Goodbye JSP
JavaServer Faces ( JSF ) is a Java component UI framework for building dynamic pages for a web application .
JSF technology provides an API for creating , managing , and handling UI components and a tag library for using components within a web page .
The new release of JavaServer Faces , JSF 2.0 , is a major release for the specification , and it will be part of the Java Enterprise Edition 6 platform .
This latest release has several interesting features that make the development and deployment of JSF applications simple and easy .
Unlike JSF 1.x versions , which use JavaServer Pages ( JSP ) for views , JSF 2.0 mandates support for Facelets as the view technology for JSF pages .
Like JSP , Facelets are an implementation of View Declaration Language ( VDL ) , which allows developers to declare UI components in different presentation technologies using HTML templates .
However , because the Facelets view technology has been designed specifically to leverage the features of JSF , Facelets provide JSF developers with a simpler , more powerful programming model than JSP .
That is why beginning with JSF 2.0 Facelets will replace JSP ( JSF 2.0 has retained JSP support only for backward compatibility ) .
In this article , we explore what makes Facelets superior to JSP for JSF applications , as well as how JSF 2.0 supports them .
We use a demo application and provide some code samples to highlight the power of this new technology .
Facelets Features
In Facelets , the pages are compiled to an abstract syntax component tree , which gets built to a UIComponent hierarchy during runtime .
The Facelets tags do n't need declaration in a tag library descriptor ( TLD ) file .
The attributes in the tag are dynamic ; they automatically get mapped to the properties .
One of the main Facelets features not available in JSP is page templating .
In addition , Facelets are faster in execution than JSPs .
Facelets pages are authored using XHTML , and they provide good expression language ( EL ) support .
Facelets also leverage the concept of XML namespaces to support these tag libraries :
JSF HTML Tag Library
JSF Core Tag Library
JSTL Core Tag Library
JSTL Functions Tag Library
JSF Facelets Tag Library
.xhtml
web.xml
The idea behind authoring Facelets using XHTML is to make them portable across diverse development platforms .
Because JSF is authored using XHTML pages , which conform to DTD , Facelets have theextension .
To use Facelets in a JSF application , you must set the following context parameters in
< context - param > < param-name>javax.faces.DEFAULT_SUFFIX</param-name > < param- value>.xhtml</param-value > </context-param > < context - param > < param-name>javax.faces.FACELETS_SKIP_COMMENTS</param-name> < param- value > true</param- value > </context- param >
The first parameter defines .xhtml as the default suffix for all view pages containing JSF content .
The true value of the second parameter causes the JSF implementation to ignore XML comments in the Facelets page .
Page 1 of 2
Low Testosterone From Pain Pills
by Jeffrey Dach MD
Joe has chronic fatigue , weakness , and erectile dysfunction .
He was doing well until 10 years ago when he started pain pills after a car accident which left him with chronic back pain .
Left image : poppy field in Burma courtesy of wikimedia commons .
Poppies are source for opium , a narcotic pain medication .
Chronic Pain Treated with Opioid Narcotics
After the car accident , Joe ’s family doctor prescribed oxycontin pain pills , hoping the chronic back pain would eventually get better .
Unfortunately , Joe ’s back pain did not get better , and he still takes pain pills every day .
Even though the pain pills are no longer effective , Joe finds it nearly impossible to get off them because of the severe withdrawal effects .
Low Testosterone Detected on Blood Tests
Joe ’s lab testing showed very low testosterone levels .
This explained the fatigue , weakness and low libido .
Joe was started on bioidentical testosterone as a topical gel , and 6 weeks later he reports that his fatigue and weakness is gone , and his wife is much happier with his renewed libido .
Joe also noticed his chronic pain seemed to decrease in intensity , and he was now interested in pursuing the idea of tapering off the narcotic pain pills .
( 4 )
Above Left image : Synthetic opiate hydrocodone ( Vicodin Tablet ) courtesy of wikimedia commons .
Vicodin Tablet is chemically altered version of Opium Poppy .
Doctors Freely Prescribe Narcotic Pain Pills
When patients like Joe seek help from their doctor for a painful condition , they will be given narcotic pain tablets such as percocet , oxycodone , roxycodone and oxycontin .
These pain pills are quite effective at relieving the painful condition .
However , they come with severe adverse side effects .
Adverse Effects of Long Term Pain Pills ( Opiates )
We all know that Pain Pills , such as opioid narcotics , are highly addictive and come with severe adverse effects .
Opiate containing narcotic Pain Pills were never intended for long term use .
They cause profound suppression of the endocrine system , and in men , profound inhibition of testosterone production .
This type of low testosterone is quite common , and yet , may go unrecognized by the busy primary care doctor . ( 1 )
Another adverse effect of long - term opioid use is opioid - induced hyperalgesia .
This is a form of hypersensitivity to pain .
The original painful condition becomes worse .
Other adverse effects include impaired cognitive function , and suppression of the immune system with tendency to develop infection .
( 6 )
Above image : OxyContin tablets crushed into powder for insufflation ( snorting ) .
Notice the tablets at the top with the coating removed .
The tablets are distributed by AB Generics , hence the ABG stamp on the back .
Image Courtesy of Wikimedia commons .
Oxycontin is chemically altered version of opium poppy .
Chronic Opioid Pain Pills Lose Effectiveness Long Term
Another problem with long term use of narcotic pain pills , is that they lose their effectiveness over time .
The brain and nervous system develops a “ tolerance ” to the drug , and higher doses are required to achieve the same result .
(7) The initial pain relief from opioid pain pills may not be sustained long term because of drug tolerance , opioid - induced hyperalgesia , and intermittent drug withdrawal effects .
( 7 ) In other words the pills lose their effectiveness , and yet continue to produce dependence and adverse effects .
Left image : Young drug addict injecting narcotic opiate drug into left arm .
Heroin is chemically altered version of Opium Poppy .
Courtesy of wikimedia commons .
Low Testosterone Goes Largely Unrecognized
Although quite common , Opioid - induced androgen deficiency and has gone largely unrecognized by the medical community ( 1 ) .
Low testosterone is caused by opioid drug inhibition of LH ( Leutininizing Hormone ) , a pituitary hormone involved in testosterone production , as well direct inhibition of testosterone itself .
Similarly , there is also inhibition of the entire endocrine system , and adrenal hormone suppression .
Symptoms of low testosterone include fatigue , depression , hot flashes , night sweats , diminished libido , erectile dysfunction , and diminished sexual arousal and satisfaction .
Men may also develop osteoporosis , anemia , and diminished muscle mass .
( 2 ) (3 ) Women who consume opioid - pain pills will stop having menstrual cycles and will notice greatly diminished libido ( sex drive ) . ( 5 )
Testosterone Treatment Effective and Recommended by Mainstream Medicine
Administration of topical testosterone , or inject - able testosterone has been studied and found effective for men with low testosterone on pain pills . ( 4 )
Left Image opium poppy courtesy of wikimedia commons .
This plant is used to make opium , a natural source for narcotic pain medication .
Courtesy of wikimedia commons .
Our Approach to Evaluation and Treatment
For men with a chronic pain condition who have been on long - term pain pills , our evaluation includes a complete blood testing panel looking for vitamin , mineral and nutritional deficiencies .
We find these deficiencies quite commonly in this group .
In addition , evaluation includes a complete hormone panel looking at the entire endocrine system , and adrenal function .
If extensive testing shows low hormone levels , then hormone supplementation is offered .
Opiate Detoxification Program is Essential
The reality is that hormone supplementation and nutritional supplementation for the long term opiate pain pill user is only a temporary band - aid .
To fully restore health , the opiate addiction must be addressed and the patient must ultimately get off the pain pills .
This may be difficult to do on their own because of severe drug withdrawal symptoms .
Therefore , we provide the patient with a referral to any one of a number of doctors who specialize in narcotics detoxification , and urge the patient to strongly consider this option .
Above left image : 2D structure of synthetic opiate hydrocodone ( Vicodin ) courtesy of wikimedia commons .
Rick Sponaugle MD
One such specialist is Rick Sponaugle MD at the Florida Detox Center .
Dr Sponaugle is board certified in anesthesiology and addiction medicine .
Dr Sponaugle ’s facility is , in actuality , an eight - story , medical hospital which offers a painless and rapid detox program , utilizing general anesthesia and sophisticated intra-operative monitoring of the brain and cardiovascular system .
Sophisticated monitoring is done with intra-operative trans - esophageal echocardiography for the ultimate in safety .
This protocol prevents the usual body twitching and tremors associated with Oxycontin withdrawal .
In addition , the center offers other programs for detox from alcohol and benzodiazepine addiction .
contact : Rick Sponaugle MD at the Florida Detox Center
Florida Detox & Wellness Institute phone 1-888-775-2770
1501 S. Pinellas Ave , Suite P , Tarpon Springs , FL 34689
Update 2017 : Raheem , Omer A. , et al .
“ The Role of Testosterone Supplemental Therapy in Opioid - Induced Hypogonadism A Retrospective Pilot Analysis . ” American Journal of Men ’s Health ( 2016 ) : 1557988316672396 .
This is the first report of TST can reduce opioid requirements in men with chronic pain .
It also confirms previous reports and that TST is effective in correcting opioid - induced endocrine abnormalities .
Clinicians should be aware of OIH in chronic pain patients and should offer TST treatment when clinically indicated coupled with appropriate monitoring and follow - ups .
Indeed , future study is needed to better understand the role of testosterone on nociceptive processing and transmission .
Jeffrey Dach MD
https://jeffreydachmd.com/
http://www.drdach.com/
http://www.naturalmedicine101.com/
http://www.truemedmd.com/
Articles with related content
Low Testosterone Associated with Increased Mortality
Links and References
(1) http://journals.lww.com/co-endocrinology/
Abstract/2006/06000/Opioid_induced_androgen_deficiency.6.aspx
Current Opinion in Endocrinology and Diabetes : June 2006 – Volume 13 – Issue 3 – p 262-266 .
Opioid - induced androgen deficiency by Daniell , Harry W
Opioid - induced androgen deficiency has become one of the most common causes of testosterone deficiency among men in many communities .
Its increase parallels the large increase in opioid use .
This form of hypogonadotrophic hypogonadism is present in most men chronically consuming sustained - action opioids , including those receiving methadone for heroin addiction and those consuming opioids for control of either malignant or non-malignant chronic pain .
A similar , but less well defined illness occurs in women .
Opioid - induced androgen deficiency is not widely recognized .
This review examines its pathophysiology , some of its signs and symptoms , and indicates some areas where current observations suggest additional investigations would be fruitful .
Recent findings : Recognition of opioid - induced androgen deficiency in men not receiving methadone for heroin addiction is a new observation , and in these men contributes to fatigue , depression , vasomotor phenomena , anemia , diminished libido , erectile dysfunction and osteoporosis .
These signs and symptoms improved during testosterone replacement therapy in several small non-placebo - controlled trials .
Summary : A large majority of men consuming sustained - action opioids have symptomatic androgen deficiency which apparently responds to replacement therapy .
Opioid - induced androgen deficiency is frequently overlooked , with its symptoms attributed to underlying disease states including malignant disease , chronic back disorders , HIV disease , and psychosocial illnesses contributing to opioid habituation .
(2) http://www.amjmed.com/article/S0002-9343(06)00614-0/fulltext
Volume 120 , Issue 9 , Page e21 ( September 2007 )
Opioid - induced Androgen Deficiency Discussion in Opioid Contracts Harry W. Daniell , MD
Strong inhibition of androgen production quickly follows the onset of sustained - action opioid use , whether the opioids are administered orally , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 transdermally , 4 or intrathecally .3 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 These low androgen levels result in classic symptoms of hypogonadism in a majority of opioid - consuming men , with most of them exhibiting various combinations of fatigue , depression , hot flashes , night sweats , diminished libido , erectile dysfunction , and diminished sexual arousal and satisfaction .
Low androgen levels also contribute to physical changes , including osteoporosis , anemia , and diminished muscle mass .
Similar changes occur in opioid - consuming premenopausal women , most of whom demonstrate amenorrhea or anovulatory menstrual cycles soon after beginning sustained - action opioid use.6 , 8 , 9 , 10 Most premenopausal and postmenopausal women also demonstrate greatly diminished libido 6 , 8 , 10 at this time .
Signs and symptoms of hypogonadism typically improve in men with OPIAD during replacement testosterone therapy4 and in the few women who have received hormone replacement therapy for opioid - related symptoms of hormone deficiency .6 , 10
In my private practice of general internal medicine , the discussion of OPIAD in our opioid contracts includes the potential usefulness of replacement hormonal therapy and potential complications of this therapy .
We have found this information to be of help in establishing the patient - physician partnership described and recommended by Arnold et al , 1 which clearly is required for optimal chronic use of opioids .
As part of this information exchange , we obtain sex - hormone levels in all outpatients about to begin chronic sustained - action opioid therapy and again with the development of symptoms of hypogonadism .
(3 ) http://www.jpain.org/article/S1526-5900(02)00032-9/abstract?refuid=S0002-9343(06)00614-0&refissn=0002-9343
Hypogonadism in men consuming sustained - action oral opioids
Presented in part at the 16th Annual Meeting of the Society for Ambulatory Anesthesia , Palm Springs , CA , May 2 - 5 , 2001 .
Harry W. Daniell Volume 3 , Issue 5 , Pages 377-384 ( October 2002 )
Naturally occurring opiates ( endorphins ) diminish testosterone levels by inhibiting both hypothalamic gonadotrophin releasing hormone production and testicular testosterone synthesis .
Heroin addicts treated with a single daily dose of methadone and nonaddicts receiving continuous intrathecal opioids quickly develop low luteinizing hormone and total testosterone levels .
A similar pattern was sought in men consuming commonly prescribed oral opioids .
Free testosterone ( FT ) , total testosterone ( TT ) , estradiol ( E2 ) , dihydrotestosterone ( DHT ) , luteinizing hormone ( LH ) , and follicle - stimulating hormone ( FSH ) were measured in 54 community - dwelling outpatient men consuming oral sustained - action dosage forms of opioids several times daily for control of nonmalignant pain .
Hormone levels were related to the opioid consumed , dosage and dosage form , nonopioid medication use , and several personal characteristics and were compared with the hormone analyses of 27 similar men consuming no opioids .
Hormone levels averaged much lower in opioid users than in control subjects in a dose - related pattern ( P < .0001 for all comparisons ) .
FT , TT , and E2 levels were subnormal in 56 % , 74 % , and 74 % , respectively , of opioid consumers .
Forty - eight men ( 89 % ) exhibited subnormal levels of either FT or E2 .
Either TT or E2 level was subnormal in all 28 men consuming the equivalent of 100 mg of methadone daily and in 19 of 26 ( 73 % ) consuming smaller opioid doses .
Eighty - seven percent ( 39 of 45 ) of opioid - ingesting men who reported normal erectile function before opioid use reported severe erectile dysfunction or diminished libido after beginning their opioid therapy .
Commonly prescribed opioids in sustained - action dosage forms usually produce subnormal sex hormone levels , which may contribute to a diminished quality of life for many patients with painful chronic illness .
(4 ) http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16516826
J Pain .
2006 Mar ;7( 3):200-10 .
Open -label pilot study of testosterone patch therapy in men with opioid - induced androgen deficiency .
Daniell HW , Lentz R , Mazer NA .
Department of Family Practice , University of California Davis Medical School , Redding , California , USA .
We conducted a 24 - week open - label pilot study of testosterone ( T ) patch therapy in 23 men with opioid - induced androgen deficiency ( OPIAD ) .
The T dosage was 5 mg / day for the first 12 weeks and 7.5 mg / day for the second 12 weeks .
Seven subjects discontinued prematurely : 4 for noncompliance , 2 for skin irritation and 1 for hepatitis C treatment .
In the “ completers ” population ( n = 16 ) , mean ( SD ) free T levels ( normal range 52 to 280 pg / mL ) were 28.5 ( 18.6 ) pg/ mL at baseline , 72.8 ( 29.6 ) pg/ mL on 5 mg / day ( P < .001 vs. baseline ) , and 120.2 ( 69.5 ) pg/mL on 7.5 mg/day ( P < .001 vs. baseline and P < .01 vs. 5 mg /day ) .
Total T , dihydrotestosterone , and estradiol showed parallel changes .
Sex hormone - binding globulin levels were elevated at baseline and decreased modestly with treatment ( P < .05 vs. baseline at 5 mg / day ; P < .01 vs. baseline at 7.5 mg /day ) .
Luteinizing hormone levels were in the low - normal range at baseline and suppressed markedly with treatment ( P < .001 vs. baseline at both doses ) .
Androgen deficiency symptoms ( ADSQ ) , sexual function ( Watts SFQ ) , mood ( PGW , depression ( BDI - II ) , and hematocrit levels showed improvement during treatment , generally more so at the 7.5 mg / day dosage ( P < .001 vs. baseline for most parameters ) .
Pain scores ( BPI - SF ) decreased slightly on 7.5 mg / day ( interference score : P < .05 vs. baseline and 5 mg / day ) ; the use of opioids did not change appreciably .
The testosterone patches were generally well tolerated .
PERSPECTIVE : Long-acting opioid preparations suppress the hypothalamic - pituitary - gonadal axis in men and produce a symptomatic state of opioid - induced androgen deficiency ( OPIAD ) .
Testosterone patch therapy at a dose of 7.5 mg / day normalizes hormone levels and appears to improve a number of quality of life parameters ( eg , sexual function , well - being , mood ) in men with OPIAD .
(5 ) http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17936076
J Pain .
2008 Jan;9( 1):28 - 36 . Epub 2007 Nov 1 .
Opioid endocrinopathy in women consuming prescribed sustained - action opioids for control of nonmalignant pain .
Daniell HW .
Department of Family Practice , University of California Davis Medical School , Redding , California , USA .
Hypogonadotrophic hypogonadism is characteristically induced in men by intrathecal , transdermal , or sustained - action opioids .
Although women receiving intrathecal opioids have similar changes , often accompanied by amenorrhea , hypogonadotrophic hypogonadism has not been documented in women receiving sustained - action , transdermal , or oral opioids .
Dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate deficiency , indicating adrenal inhibition , is present in most men and women chronically consuming sustained - action oral or transdermal opioids .
We recorded menstrual histories and measured gonadotrophin , androgen , and estradiol levels in 47 women ages 30 to 75 years who were consuming sustained - action oral or transdermal opioids for control of nonmalignant pain and in 68 non -opioid - consuming control subjects .
Testosterone , estradiol , and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate values were 48 % to 57 % lower in opioid - consuming women with intact ovarian tissue than in control subjects ( P < .01-.05 ) .
Luteinizing hormone and follicle - stimulating hormone values averaged 30 % lower in premenopausal and 70 % lower in postmenopausal opioid consumers ( P < .001 ) .
Among oophorectomized women not consuming estrogen , free testosterone levels were 39 % lower in opioid consumers ( P < .05 ) , indicating impaired adrenal androgen production .
Additional lowering of free testosterone levels was associated independently with oral estrogen replacement and low body mass index .
Menses had often ceased soon after beginning sustained - action opioid therapy .
Our observations document hypogonadotrophic hypogonadism plus decreased adrenal androgen production in most women consuming sustained - action oral or transdermal opioids .
PERSPECTIVE :
These observations demonstrate profound inhibition of ovarian sex hormone and adrenal androgen production among women chronically consuming sustained - action opioids .
Related consequences include altered menstrual flow , probable reduced fertility , and possible contributions to opioid - associated depression , osteoporosis , and hyperalgesia .
Measurements of bone density , estradiol , and free testosterone may guide appropriate therapy .
(6 ) http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17873598
Curr Opin Anaesthesiol .
2007 Oct;20(5):451-5 .
An update on the role of opioids in the management of chronic pain of nonmalignant origin .
Højsted J , Sjøgren P. Multidisciplinary Pain Center , Rigshospitalet , Blegdamsvej 9 , 2100 Copenhagen Ø , Denmark .
PURPOSE OF REVIEW :
To summarize and reflect over primarily recent epidemiological and randomized controlled trials in opioid - treated chronic nonmalignant pain patients , focusing on effects , side effects , risks and long - term consequences of the treatment .
RECENT FINDINGS :
In the western world opioids are increasingly being used for long - term treatment of chronic nonmalignant pain .
While the long - term benefits of opioids regarding pain relief , functional capacity and health - related quality of life still remain to be proven , studies are emerging that describe serious long - term consequences such as addiction , opioid - induced hyperalgesia , cognitive disorders , and suppression of the immune and reproductive systems .
SUMMARY : Much more research is needed concerning long - time effects and consequences of opioid therapy in chronic nonmalignant pain patients ; however , some clear warning signals have been sent out within recent years .
(7 ) http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18574357
Clin J Pain .
2008 Jul - Aug;24(6):469-78 .
Efficacy of opioids for chronic pain : a review of the evidence .
Ballantyne JC , Shin NS.
Division of Pain Medicine , Massachusetts General Hospital , Boston , MA 02114 , USA .
Opioid therapy for chronic pain has been popularized over the past few decades , and a concern has arisen that the analgesic efficacy of opioids is not always maintained over prolonged courses of treatment despite dose escalation and stable pain .
Considering the potentially serious adverse effects of opioids , the idea that pain relief could diminish over time may have a significant impact on the decision to embark on this therapy , especially in vulnerable individuals .
Possible loss of analgesic efficacy is especially concerning , considering that dependence may make it hard to withdraw opioid therapy even in the face of poor analgesia .
This article first reviews the evidence on opioid efficacy when used for the treatment of chronic pain , and concludes that existing evidence suggests that analgesic efficacy , although initially good , is not always sustained during continuous and long - term opioid therapy ( months to years ) .
The theoretical basis for loss of analgesic efficacy over time is then examined .
Mechanisms for loss of analgesic efficacy proposed are pharmacologic tolerance , opioid - induced hyperalgesia , subtle and intermittent withdrawal , and a number of psychologic factors including loss of the placebo component .
8 ) Zylicz , Zbigniew .
“ Opioid - induced hypogonadism : the role of androgens in the well - being and pain thresholds in men and women with advanced disease . ”
J Adv in Palliative Med 8.2 ( 2009 ) : 57 - 62 .
Opioid induced hypogonadism role of androgens Zylicz Zbigniew J Adv Palliative Med 2009
9 ) http://jcem.endojournals.org/cgi/content/full/85/6/2215
Endocrine Consequences of Long - Term Intrathecal Administration of Opioids .
Roger Abs , Johan Verhelst , Jan Maeyaert , Jean - Pierre Van Buyten , Frank Opsomer , Hugo Adriaensen , Jan Verlooy , Tony Van Havenbergh , Mike Smet and Kristien Van Acker The Journal of Clinical Endocrinology & Metabolism Vol. 85 , No. 6 2215-2222
In conclusion , of all patients receiving intrathecal opioids , the large majority of men and all women developed hypogonadotropic hypogonadism , about 15 % developed central hypocorticism , and about 15 % developed GH deficiency .
These findings suggest that further investigations are required to determine the need for systematic endocrine work - up in these patients and the necessity for substitutive therapy .
Articles with Related Interest :
Clomid For Men with Low Testosterone
Testosterone Therapy Prolongs Life Improves Survival
Jeffrey Dach MD
7450 Griffin Road
Suite 190
Davie Florida 33314
954 792 4663
https://jeffreydachmd.com/
http://www.drdach.com/
http://www.naturalmedicine101.com/
http://www.truemedmd.com/
Disclaimer click here : www.drdach.com/wst_page20.html
The reader is advised to discuss the comments on these pages with his / her personal physicians and to only act upon the advice of his / her personal physician .
Also note that concerning an answer which appears as an electronically posted question , I am NOT creating a physician — patient relationship .
Although identities will remain confidential as much as possible , as I can not control the media , I can not take responsibility for any breaches of confidentiality that may occur .
Link to this article : Low Testosterone From Pain Pills
Copyright ( c ) 2013 - 2016 Jeffrey Dach MD All Rights Reserved .
This article may be reproduced on the internet without permission , provided there is a link to this page and proper credit is given .
FAIR USE NOTICE :
This site contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner .
We are making such material available in our efforts to advance understanding of issues of significance .
We believe this constitutes a ‘ fair use ’ of any such copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the US Copyright Law .
In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C.
Section 107 , the material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research and educational purposes .
Last updated on by
Photo : Game Gavel
On March 4 , 2000 , Sony unleashed the successor to their wildly successful PlayStation on an unsuspecting world .
Ten years later I ’ve still got PlayStation 2 games on preorder .
And to think I did n’t even care until 2002 .
Advertisement
In 1999 , I was still new to the internet video game press business , but that was okay , as it was still new to itself .
I hooked up with an outfit called Videogamers.com ( now very , very defunct ) the year before , mainly because I lived in Atlanta , home of E3 1998 .
A year later , E3 returned to its Los Angeles home , and rather than have the show covered by the members of our staff that lived in L.A. , me and a sixteen - year - old named Joshua flew across the country on our own dime to cover the show .
Perhaps I , at the age of 26 , was there to represent the more mature face of Videogamers.com , a site where I was the only writer old enough to legally drink .
At one point my editor - in - chief showed up at our hotel , and I had to run down the street to buy him beer .
Good times .
Advertisement
While Sony announced the next PlayStation months before E3 1999 , they did n’t bring much to the show , outside of upcoming releases for the original PlayStation .
There was an impressive demonstration of the console ’s new Emotion Engine chip , recreating the ball scene from Final Fantasy VIII .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The company also had Gran Turismo 2000 , the game that would become Gran Turismo 3 : A - spec , playable on the show floor , but it was n’t running on anything resembling a PlayStation 2 .
If I recall correctly , and it ’s been quite a while , they had Plexiglas cubes with the console ’s guts inside of them .
Cubes that would , on occasion , overheat .
The game looked astounding , but Gran Turismo was never a franchise that got my motor running .
Sony had big plans , but it was n’t Sony ’s year .
It was Sega’s .
It was the Dreamcast ’s year .
It was the year Soul Calibur was all over the show floor , with arcade cabinets on hand to demonstrate how much better the console version looked .
Sega announced a release date of 9/9/99 , and a price of $ 199 , much less than the debut price of its predecessor , the Sega Saturn .
Advertisement
I fell in love with the Dreamcast .
Hell , everyone there fell in love with the Dreamcast .
By the time Sony released the PlayStation 2 in Japan , ten years ago today , I was content to sit in my living room , clunky - yet - comfortable Dreamcast controller in hand , listening to the reassuring and extremely loud whir of that console ’s GD - ROM drive .
Advertisement
That ’s not to say I did n’t feel a strong desire to possess a PS2 .
As the console ’s October 2000 release in North America approached , I began to experience the feeling of my stomach twisting in knots that I ’ve since come to associate with the possibility of not having the latest gaming technology the moment it hit store shelves .
I was reading everything I could about the console , poring over screenshots and what passed for internet video in 2000 .
Commercials like these did not help .
It got so bad that come October I was desperate to own Sony ’s lovely new black and blue console .
Unfortunately Sony had other plans .
Advertisement
Sony launched the PlayStation 2 in North America on October 26 , 2000 .
No , let me correct that .
Sony released approximately a dozen PlayStation 2 consoles in North America on October 26 , 2000 .
Or so it felt .
Parts shortages kept Sony from bringing sufficient numbers to the market to meet demand , and those that did show up at retail were grabbed by rotten bastards and sold on eBay for over a thousand dollars a pop .
The console ’s solid launch line - up did n’t help my cravings .
As a fighting game fan , the lure of Tekken Tag Tournament , Dead or Alive 2 : Hardcore , and Street Fighter EX3 had me shivering with ( mostly unfounded ) excitement .
Rockstar had Midnight Club and Smuggler ’s Run. Namco brought Ridge Racer V. EA was there with SSX , which was probably the best game out of the bunch ( we miss you SSX ! ) .
Unreal Tournament and Timesplitters scratched the first - person shooter itch .
KOEI released Kessen , for some odd reason .
There were even four role - playing games released during the console ’s launch window , though none of them was Final Fantasy , so no one particularly cared .
Advertisement
And that really was my saving grace .
There was no PlayStation 2 Final Fantasy title at launch .
If there had been , I would have robbed a church , or sold my nephew on the black market , just to fund an eBay purchase .
I suppose I have Square Enix to thank for not writing this article from prison .
Between some amazing Dreamcast games and the November release of Final Fantasy IX for the original PlayStation , I managed to curb my impulses .
Advertisement
In December of 2000 , I re-discovered EverQuest , which did n’t go so well for me .
Advertisement
So when and why did I finally cave and buy a PlayStation 2 ?
Once again , it was all Square Enix ’s fault .
On December 20 , 2001 , the company previously known as Squaresoft released Final Fantasy X for the PlayStation 2 .
Unfortunately I was too poor at the time to justify the purchase of a bag of rice , much less an entire video game console , but a few months later I scraped up enough cash to pick up a used system and a copy of Final Fantasy X .
Advertisement
It was Final Fantasy X that reignited my love of console gaming , after a little over a year spent living on EverQuest and Mountain Dew .
I played the game to completion over the course of four days , and then I scraped up some more cash and went back to the game store to make up for lost time .
The PlayStation 2 led to the purchase of an Xbox ( Halo ) and then a Gamecube ( well I already had the other two , might as well ) .
Those were the days of the console switch box , when I did n’t have a TV riddled with connectors for everything from my iPod to my toaster .
My game collection grew to staggering proportions , but for the lifespan of my Xbox and Gamecube , the PlayStation 2 titles were always the most plentiful .
Advertisement
The PlayStation 2 will always hold a special place in my heart , as a gamer and , more importantly , as a hardcore role - playing game fanatic .
Like its predecessor , the system was a haven for RPG titles .
The Gamecube had a handful of solid RPGs .
The Xbox had Knights of the Old Republic , Jade Dynasty , and Sudeki , which Maxim rated 5 out of 5 stars , establishing the men ’s magazine as a really bad place to get game reviews .
The PlayStation 2 , on the other hand , seemed to have a different RPG coming out every week .
Strategy RPGs , turn - based 2D RPGs , real - time 3D action RPGs – even some of the most obscure , esoteric Japanese titles made it to North America on the PlayStation 2 .
I ’ve got at least thirty PS2 role - playing games in my living room , and I ’m nowhere near completing my collection .
Advertisement
The real beauty of the PlayStation 2 , however , is that fans of any genre can make the same claim ( though the Xbox might have a lock on the sports category . )
Over the years the console has seen enough shooters , puzzlers , platformers , shmups , sims , strategy games , action - adventure titles , racers , and fighters to keep any gamer satisfied .
Advertisement
And now the console is a decade old .
Ten years later , I have a PlayStation 2 in my living room and my bedroom , though they are both the streamlined slim models released in 2004 .
I ’ve still got memory cards for the console lurking in every darkened corner of my apartment .
Many have moved on to the PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , and Nintendo Wii , but few ( outside of those with the backwards compatible PlayStation 3 60 GB model ) have put their PlayStation 2 out to pasture .
The new releases have slowed to a trickle , but they ’ve yet to stop .
Advertisement
Ten years , and I ’ve still got a PlayStation 2 game reserved at my local game store .
Will my purchase of Sakura Wars : So , Long My Love be the last game I purchase for the PlayStation 2 ?
Somehow I doubt it .
[ E3 1999 image courtesy of Giant Bomb ]
Precious and hazardous materials go into making electronic gadgets Urgent action is needed to tackle the " mountains " of e-waste building up in developing nations , says a UN report .
Huge amounts of old computers and discarded electronic goods are piling up in countries such as China , India and some Africa nations , it said .
India could see a 500 % rise in the number of old computers dumped by 2020 , found the survey of 11 nations .
Unless dealt with properly the waste could cause environmental damage and threaten public health , it said .
Precious hazard
The report gathered information about current levels of e-waste in 11 nations and also looked at how those totals might grow in the next decade .
Globally , e-waste is growing at a rate of about 40 million tonnes per year as consumers , in both developed and developing nations , buy new gadgets and discard their old ones .
Many of the older items end up in developing nations .
By 2020 , China and South Africa could see e-waste generated by old computers rise by 400 % by 2007 levels .
In a decade , estimated the report , e- waste from mobile phones will be seven times higher in China and 18 times higher in India .
Some nations are happy to take in e-waste to use in order to extract some of the precious materials and metals that go into making modern consumer electronics .
For instance , said the report , in an average year global production of mobile phones and computers uses 3 % of the silver and gold mined , 13 % of the palladium and 15 % of the cobalt .
Dumped e-waste can cause environmental problems
However , it found , in some places efforts to extract these metals are inefficient and do not do enough to handle the hazardous materials recovery produces .
For instance , it said , e- waste treatment in China typically involved back yard incinerators which were a wasteful and polluting way to recover precious materials .
" China is not alone in facing a serious challenge , " said Achim Steiner , executive director of the UN Environmental Programme ( UNEP ) which issued the report .
" India , Brazil , Mexico and others may also face rising environmental damage and health problems if e-waste recycling is left to the vagaries of the informal sector . "
The report said Bangalore in India was a good example of how local initiatives could reform the gathering and treatment of e-waste .
It urged nations such as Brazil , Colombia , Mexico , Morocco and South Africa to set up state - of - the - art e-waste treatment centres now , while the amounts they produced were relatively small .
" One person 's waste can be another 's raw material , " said Konrad Osterwalder , rector of the UN University .
" The challenge of dealing with e-waste represents an important step in the transition to a green economy . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
MuseLetter # 214 / March 2010 by Richard Heinberg
Download printable PDF version here ( PDF , 139 KB )
This month ’s Museletter contains two pieces .
The first is a rather long essay containing an autobiographical sketch of the path that led me to write full - time about the transition to a post - carbon world , titled “ Life After Growth . ”
The second piece , “ Goldilocks and the Three Fuels , ” was recently published by Reuters .
Life After Growth
What if the economy does n’t recover ?
In 2008 the U.S. economy tripped down a steep , rocky slope .
Employment levels plummeted ; so did purchases of autos and other consumer goods .
Property values crashed ; foreclosure and bankruptcy rates bled .
For states , counties , cities , and towns ; for manufacturers , retailers , and middle - and low - income families , the consequences were — and continue to be — catastrophic .
Other nations were soon caught up in the undertow .
In late 2009 and early 2010 , the economy showed some signs of renewed vigor .
Understandably , everyone wants it to get “ back to normal . ”
But here ’s a disturbing thought :
What if that is not possible ?
What if the goalposts have been moved , the rules rewritten , the game changed ?
What if the decades - long era of economic growth based on ever - increasing rates of resource extraction , manufacturing , and consumption is over , finished , and done ?
What if the economic conditions that all of us grew up expecting to continue practically forever were merely a blip on history ’s timeline ?
It ’s an uncomfortable idea , but one that cannot be ignored :
The “ normal ” late - 20th century economy of seemingly endless growth actually emerged from an aberrant set of conditions that cannot be perpetuated .
That “ normal ” is gone .
One way or another , a “ new normal ” will emerge to replace it .
Can we build a different , more sustainable economy to replace the one now in tatters ?
Let ’s be clear : I believe we are in for some very hard times .
The transitional period on our way toward a post - growth , equilibrium economy will prove to be the most challenging time any of us has ever lived through .
Nevertheless , I am convinced that we can survive this collective journey , and that if we make sound choices as families and communities , life can actually be better for us in the decades ahead than it was during the heady days of seemingly endless economic expansion .
In this essay , I would like to share my conclusions on this subject and the process by which I arrived at them .
It ’s a bit of a long story , so please bear with me .
First , the conclusions .
Four Propositions
The following summary statements are fundamental both to grasping our current situation and managing our way toward a desirable future :
We have reached the end of economic growth as we have known it .
The “ growth ” we are talking about consists of the expansion of the overall size of the economy ( with more people being served and more money changing hands ) and of the quantities of energy and material goods flowing through it .
The economic crisis that began in 2008 was both foreseeable and inevitable , and that it marks a permanent , fundamental break from past decades — a period in which economists adopted the unrealistic view that perpetual economic growth is necessary and also possible to achieve .
As we will see , there are fundamental constraints to ongoing economic expansion , and the world is beginning to encounter those constraints .
This is not to say the U.S. or the world will never see another quarter or year of growth relative to the previous year .
Rather , the point is that when the bumps are averaged out , the general trend - line of the economy ( measured in terms of production and consumption of real goods ) will be level or downward rather than upward from now on .
The basic factors that will inevitably shape whatever replaces the growth economy are knowable .
To survive and thrive for long , societies have to operate within the planet ’s budget of sustainably extractable resources .
This means that even if we do n’t know exactly what a desirable post - growth economy and lifestyle will look like , we know enough to begin working toward them .
It is possible for economies to persist for centuries or millennia with no or minimal growth .
That is how most economies operated until recent times .
If billions of people through countless generations lived without economic growth , we can do so as well — now and far into the future .
The end of growth does not mean the end of the world .
Life in a non-growing economy can be fulfilling , interesting , and secure .
The absence of growth does not imply a lack of change or improvement .
Within a non-growing or equilibrium economy there can still be a continuous development of practical skills , artistic expression , and technology .
In fact , some historians and social scientists argue that life in an equilibrium economy can be superior to life in a fast - growing economy : while growth creates opportunities for some , it also typically intensifies competition — there are big winners and big losers , and ( as in most boom towns ) the quality of relations within the community can suffer as a result .
Within a non-growing economy it is possible to maximize benefits and reduce factors leading to decay , but doing so will require pursuing appropriate goals : instead of more , we must strive for better ; rather than promoting increased economic activity for its own sake , we must emphasize whatever increases quality of life without stoking consumption .
One way to do this is to reinvent and redefine growth itself .
The transition to a no - growth economy ( or one in which growth is defined in a fundamentally different way ) is inevitable , but it will go much better if we plan for it rather than simply watching in dismay as institutions we have come to rely upon fail , and then try to improvise a survival strategy in their absence .
In effect , we have to create a desirable “ new normal ” that fits the constraints imposed by depleting natural resources .
Maintaining the “ old normal ” is not an option ; if we do not find new goals for ourselves and plan our transition from a growth - based economy to a healthy equilibrium economy , we will by default create a much less desirable “ new normal ” whose emergence we are already beginning to see in the forms of persistent high unemployment , a widening gap between rich and poor , and ever more frequent and worsening financial and environmental crises — all of which translate to profound distress for individuals , families , and communities .
‘ Limits to Growth ’
The journey that led to my formulating these propositions began in 1972 , when a book called Limits to Growth was making headlines .
This relatively compact volume , which went on to become the best - selling environmental book of all time , provoked the first Great Wake - up Call of my adult life , changing the course of everything I have thought and done ever since .
Let me explain why Limits to Growth impacted me so deeply .
That book , which reported on the first attempts to use computers to model the likely interactions between trends in resources , consumption , and population , was also the first major scientific study to question the assumption that economic growth can and will continue more or less uninterrupted into the foreseeable future .
The idea was heretical at the time — and still is : during the past few decades , growth has become virtually the sole index of national economic well - being .
When the economy grows , jobs appear , investments yield high returns , and everyone is happy .
When the economy stops growing , financial bloodletting ensues .
And so predictably a book saying that growth cannot and will not continue beyond a certain point proved profoundly upsetting in some quarters , and soon Limits to Growth was prominently “ debunked ” by public relations efforts organized by pro-growth business interests .
In reality , this “ debunking ” merely amounted to taking a few numbers in the book completely out of context , citing them as “ predictions ” ( which they explicitly were not ) , and then claiming that these predictions had failed .
The ruse was quickly exposed , but rebuttals often do n’t gain nearly as much publicity as accusations , and so today millions of people mistakenly believe that the book was long ago discredited .
In fact , the original Limits to Growth scenarios have held up quite well *.
In principle , the argument for eventual limits to growth is a slam - dunk .
If any quantity grows steadily by a certain fixed percentage per year , this implies that it will double in size every so - many years ; the higher the percentage growth rate , the quicker the doubling .
A rough method of figuring doubling times is known as the rule of 70 : dividing the percentage growth rate into 70 gives the approximate time required for the initial quantity to double .
If a quantity is growing at 1 percent per year , it will double in 70 years ; at 2 percent per year growth , it will double in 35 years ; at 5 percent growth , it will double in only 14 years , and so on .
If you want to be more precise , you can use the Y^x button on your calculator , but the rule of 70 works fine for most purposes .
Here ’s a real - world example :
Over the past two centuries , human population has grown at rates ranging from less than one percent to more than two percent per year .
In 1800 , world population stood at about one billion ; by 1930 it had doubled to two billion .
Only 30 years later ( in 1960 ) it had doubled again to four billion ; currently we are on track to achieve a third doubling , to eight billion humans , around 2025 .
No one seriously expects human population to continue growing for centuries into the future .
But imagine if it did — at just 1.3 percent per year ( its growth rate in the year 2000 ) .
By the year 2780 there would be 148 trillion humans on Earth — one person for each square meter of land on the planet ’s surface .
It wo n’t happen , of course .
In nature , growth always slams up against non-negotiable constraints sooner or later .
If a species finds that its food source has expanded , its numbers will increase to take advantage of those surplus calories — but then its food source will become depleted as more mouths consume it , and its predators will likewise become more numerous ( more tasty meals for them ! ) .
Population “ blooms ” ( that is , periods of rapid growth ) are always followed by crashes and die - offs .
Always .
Here ’s another real - world example .
In recent years China ’s economy has been growing at eight percent or more per year ; that means it is more than doubling in size every ten years .
Indeed , China consumes more than twice as much coal as it did a decade ago — the same with iron ore and oil .
The nation now has four times as many highways as it did , and almost five times as many cars .
How long can this go on ?
How many more doublings can occur before China has used up its key resources — or has simply decided that enough is enough and has stopped growing ?
It makes sense that economies should follow rules analogous to those that govern biological systems .
Plants and animals tend to grow quickly when they are young , but then they reach a more or less stable mature size .
In organisms , growth rates are largely controlled by genes .
In economies , growth seems tied to factors such as the availability of resources — chiefly energy resources ( “ food ” for the industrial system ) .
During the 20th century , cheap and abundant fossil fuels enabled rapid economic expansion ; at some point , therefore , fossil fuel depletion could put a brake on growth .
It is also possible that industrial wastes could accumulate to the point that the biological systems that underpin economic activity ( such as forests , crops , and human bodies ) begin to fail .
But economists generally do n’t see things this way .
That ’s probably because most current economic theories were formulated during an anomalous historical period of sustained growth .
Economists are merely generalizing from their experience : they can point to decades of steady growth in the recent past , and so they simply project that experience into the future .
Moreover , they have ways to explain why modern market economies are immune to the kinds of limits that constrain natural systems ; the two main ones concern substitution and efficiency .
If a useful resource becomes scarce , its price will rise , and this creates an incentive for users of the resource to find a substitute .
For example , if oil gets expensive enough , energy companies might start making liquid fuels from coal .
Or they might develop other energy sources undreamed of today .
Economists theorize that this process of substitution can go on forever .
It ’s part of the magic of the free market .
Increasing efficiency means doing more with less .
In the U.S. , the number of inflation - adjusted dollars generated in the economy for every unit of energy consumed has increased steadily over recent decades ( the amount of energy , in British Thermal Units , required to produce a dollar of GDP has been dropping steadily , from close to 20,000 BTU per dollar in 1949 to 8,500 BTU in 2008 ) .
That ’s one kind of economic efficiency .
Another has to do with locating the cheapest sources of materials , and the places where workers will be most productive and work for the lowest wages .
As we increase efficiency , we use less — of either resources or money — to do more .
That enables more growth .
Finding substitutes for depleting resources and upping efficiency are undeniably effective adaptive strategies of market economies .
Nevertheless , the question remains open as to how long these strategies can continue to work in the real world — which is governed less by economic theories than by the laws of physics .
In the real world , some things do n’t have substitutes , or the substitutes are too expensive , or do n’t work as well , or ca n’t be produced fast enough .
And efficiency follows a law of diminishing returns : the first gains in efficiency are usually cheap , but every further incremental gain tends to cost more , until further gains become prohibitively expensive .
Unlike economists , most physical scientists recognize that growth within any functioning , bounded system has to stop sometime .
But this discussion has very real implications , because the economy is not just an abstract concept ; it is what determines whether we live in luxury or poverty ; whether we eat or starve .
If economic growth ends , everyone will be impacted , and it will take society years to adapt to this new condition .
Therefore it is important to be able to forecast whether that moment is close or distant in time .
Hence the Limits to Growth study .
The authors fed in data for world population growth , consumption trends , and the abundance of various important resources , ran their computer program , and concluded that the end of growth would probably arrive between 2010 and 2050 .
Industrial output and food production would then fall , leading to a decline in population .
( By the way , the Limits to Growth scenario study has been re-run repeatedly in the years since the original publication , using more sophisticated software and updated input data .
The results were similar .
See Limits to Growth : The 30 - Year Update . )
My Personal Story of Waking Up to Limits
That ’s why Limits to Growth meant so much to me when I encountered it at age 21 .
I realized that the world in which I had been born , raised , and educated was headed toward what is politely known as a “ historical discontinuity , ” but more colloquially termed “ collapse , ” “ a cliff , ” or “ a brick wall . ”
Millions of young people today are having the same experience as they learn about climate change .
Welcome to the club .
At the time , I had been trying to make my way as a young musician .
My father had been a chemistry and physics teacher , but I had gravitated toward the arts : after being trained as a classical violinist , I had taught myself also to play electric guitar .
As I absorbed the implications of Limits to Growth , I realized that there were more important things than band rehearsals and gigs to attend to , so I mostly left the music business ( though I continue to be an avid amateur violinist ) and began looking for ways to help shift society toward a more sustainable path .
I became a freelance writer - editor and started pursuing projects I thought might lead me toward a better understanding of global trends and of how our species might avert an overwhelming economic and environmental disaster .
It was clear that society would need to undertake fundamental changes .
But what were those changes , exactly ?
I thought the best way to find out would be to form an intentional community as a kind of social laboratory in which to explore alternatives in energy , food production , and lifestyles .
I ended up spending most of the next 20 years living in three communities — one in Toronto that I helped establish , and others in Colorado and southern California that had already been going for some time before I joined .
Intentional communities ( sometimes also known as communes , with many now thriving under the banner of “ eco-villages ” ) are a fascinating social phenomenon , and hundreds still flourish worldwide .
By the early 1990s , I was eager to reconnect with mainstream society and bring what I had learned to a wider audience .
My wife , Janet Barocco , and I had met in an intentional community in southern California ; together we moved to a suburban home in Santa Rosa .
By the latter years of the decade I was teaching in a college program on sustainability that I had helped initiate and design , while also continuing to make my way as a freelance environmental writer .
It was at this point , in 1998 , that I heard a second Great Wake - up Call .
Peak Oil
It came in the form of an article in Scientific American by veteran petroleum geologists Colin Campbell and Jean Laherrère ( both of whom had overseen exploration and production in major oil companies ) , explaining why world oil extraction would reach a maximum around 2010 and begin its permanent decline thereafter .
I quickly realized that Peak Oil would likely be the first non-negotiable global limit to growth .
The hazy forecast that industrial society would hit a wall sometime in the 21st century was suddenly focused to a painful specificity .
Growth had acquired a hard expiration date .
Of course , oil does not pose our only societal limit , or even the most important one in the bigger scheme of things : climate , water , and topsoil are clearly more crucial in the long run .
But the peaking of world oil production could potentially bring modern industrial civilization to its knees , while also undercutting coordinated efforts to deal with all sorts of other problems .
Up to this point I had little interest in the subject of oil , or energy generally .
However , as I re-read the Scientific American article , I realized the pivotal role petroleum plays in the modern world — in transportation , agriculture , and the chemicals and materials industries .
I began spending hours each day studying energy history and oil production statistics .
I soon realized that the Industrial Revolution was really the Fossil Fuel Revolution , and that our modern food system is based on cheap fossil energy .
Further , the entire phenomenon of continuous economic growth — including the development of the financial institutions that facilitate growth , such as fractional reserve banking and the marketing of derivatives — is ultimately based on ever - increasing supplies of cheap energy .
Growth requires more manufacturing , more trade , and more transport , and those all in turn require more energy .
This means that if energy supplies can’t expand and energy therefore becomes significantly more expensive , economic growth will falter and the financial system built on expectations of perpetual growth will fail , possibly in a rather spectacular way .
As early as 1998 , Campbell , Laherrère , and others were discussing a Peak Oil impact scenario that went like this .
Sometime around the year 2010 , they theorized , stagnant or falling oil supplies would lead to soaring and more volatile petroleum prices , which would precipitate a global economic crash .
This rapid economic contraction would in turn lead to sharply curtailed energy demand , so oil prices would then fall ; but as soon as the economy regained strength , demand for oil would recover , prices would again soar , and the economy would relapse .
This cycle would continue , with each recovery phase being shorter and weaker , and each crash deeper and harder , until the economy was in ruins .
Meanwhile , volatile oil prices would frustrate investments in energy alternatives : one year , oil would be so expensive that almost any other energy source would look cheap by comparison ; the next year , the price of oil would have fallen so far that energy users would be flocking back to it , with investments in other energy sources looking foolish .
Investment capital would be in short supply in any case because the banks would be insolvent due to the crash , and governments would be broke due to declining tax revenues .
Meanwhile , international competition for dwindling oil supplies might lead to wars between petroleum importing nations , between importers and exporters , and between rival factions within exporting nations .
Naturally , I also examined the arguments against the likelihood of a near - term peak in global oil production .
What if Campbell and Laherrère were simply wrong ?
There are those who claim that new technologies for crude oil extraction will increase the amount of oil that can be obtained from each well drilled , and that there are nearly endless reserves of alternative hydrocarbon resources ( principally tar sands and oil shale ) whose development will seamlessly replace conventional oil , thus delaying the inevitable peak for decades .
There are also those who say that Peak Oil wo n’t be much of a problem even if it happens soon , because the market will find substitutes as quickly as needed — whether electric cars , hydrogen , or liquid fuel made from coal .
I found all of these arguments weak : the new oil extraction technologies wo n’t come into wide use for several years , and will be applicable mostly to newly developed fields ( of which there are fewer and fewer each year as exploration efforts continue to show mostly disappointing results ) , not to the old super - giant oilfields that produce the great bulk of oil that we use today .
Tar sands and oil shale will be slow to extract ; indeed , in the case of oil shale , we may never derive liquid fuels in any substantial quantity due to the enormous costs of processing this very low - grade material .
And substitutes like electric cars , liquids from coal , and hydrogen will take a very long time to develop and will in most cases be much more costly than the equivalent elements of our current system of petroleum fuels and internal combustion engines .
I continued to study the world energy situation for the next few years .
And , with every passing year , events appeared to be supporting the Peak Oil thesis and undercutting the views of the oil optimists .
Oil prices were trending upward — and for entirely foreseeable reasons : discoveries of new oilfields were continuing to peter out , with most new fields being much more difficult and expensive to develop than ones found in previous years .
More oil - producing countries were seeing their extraction rates peaking and beginning to decline despite efforts to maintain production growth using high - tech , expensive secondary and tertiary extraction methods like the injection of water , nitrogen , or CO2 to force more oil out of the ground .
Production decline rates in the world ’s old , super - giant oilfields , which are responsible for the lion ’s share of the global petroleum supply , were accelerating .
Production of liquid fuels from tar sands was expanding only slowly , while the development of oil shale remained a hollow promise for the distant future .
I corresponded with and met the authors of the Scientific American article , and interviewed other petroleum geologists and engineers .
One expert after another offered further reasons for concluding that the thesis of “ The End of Cheap Oil ” was correct , that there were no ready substitutes for crude oil , and that the consequences of a near - term global oil production peak would be profound .
Given the almost complete absence of mainstream media coverage of the subject , I spent several months assessing whether I should step into the breach and write a book on Peak Oil .
The fact that I had no background in the oil industry or in any relevant academic field weighed against doing so .
Yet the need was clearly overwhelming , so I decided to try .
I spent 2001 and 2002 writing The Party ’s Over : Oil , War and the Fate of Industrial Societies , which was published the following year and went on to sell over 50,000 copies with translations in six languages .
I began receiving lecture invitations , and , over the next few years , gave over 300 talks to a wide variety of audiences in a dozen countries .
More books followed : PowerDown : Options and Actions for a Post Carbon World ( 2004 ) ; The Oil Depletion Protocol : A Plan to Avert Oil Wars , Terrorism and Economic Collapse ( 2006 ) ; Peak Everything : Waking Up to the Century of Declines ( 2007 ) ; and Blackout : Coal , Climate and the Last Energy Crisis ( 2009 ) .
I was determined to sound a warning not just to the general public , but especially to politicians and appointed government officials .
Members of a burgeoning informal global network of Peak Oil activists arranged for me speak to hundreds of national , state , and local politicians and appointed officials in the U.S. , to about a hundred members of the European Parliament , and to national Parliamentarians in the U.K. , Australia , and New Zealand .
From Scary Theory to Scarier Reality
Then in 2008 , the Peak Oil scenario became all too real .
Global oil production had been stagnant since 2005 and petroleum prices had been soaring upward .
In July , 2008 , the per - barrel price shot up nearly to $ 150 — half again higher ( in inflation - adjusted terms ) than the price spikes of the 1970s that had triggered the worst recession since World War II .
By summer 2008 , the auto industry , the trucking industry , international shipping , agriculture , and the airlines were all reeling .
But what happened next riveted the world ’s attention to such a degree that the oil price spike was all but forgotten : in September 2008 , the global financial system nearly collapsed .
The reasons for this sudden , gripping crisis apparently had to do with housing bubbles , lack of proper regulation of the banking industry , and the over -use of bizarre financial products that almost nobody understood .
However , there are reasons for concluding that the oil price spike was a much more important contributor to this economic meltdown than is generally discussed ( see www.energybulletin.net/node/49798).
In the aftermath of that global financial near - death experience , both the Peak Oil impact scenario proposed a decade earlier and the Limits to Growth standard - run scenario of 1972 seemed to be confirmed with uncanny and frightening accuracy .
Global trade was falling .
The world ’s largest auto companies were on life support .
The U.S. airline industry had shrunk by almost a third .
Food riots were erupting in poor nations around the world .
Lingering wars in Iraq ( the nation with the world ’s second - largest crude oil reserves ) and Afghanistan ( the site of disputed oil and gas pipeline projects ) continued to bleed the coffers of the world ’s foremost oil - importing nation .
Meanwhile , the debate about what to do to rein in global climate change exemplified the political inertia that had kept the world on track for calamity since the early ’ 70s .
It had by now become obvious to nearly every person of modest education and intellect that the world has two urgent , incontrovertible reasons to rapidly end its reliance on fossil fuels : the twin threats of climate catastrophe and impending constraints to fuel supplies ( with most of the remaining oil reserves located in just a few countries ) .
Yet at the Copenhagen climate conference in December , 2009 , the priorities of the most fuel - dependent nations were clear : carbon emissions should be cut , and fossil fuel dependency reduced , but only if doing so does not threaten economic growth .
The cruel irony , obvious to my Peak Oil - aware colleagues but apparently not to the delegates at Copenhagen , was that the decades - long era of rapid economic growth based on increased fossil - fueled production and consumption is over anyway .
The world ’s last chance to collectively , cooperatively negotiate a turn away from the precipice was being squandered for the sake of a goal that was no longer achievable .
I could take no satisfaction from these confirmations of the Limits to Growth and Peak Oil scenarios ; being able to say “ I told you so ” hardly made up for the shock of knowing that our last opportunities to change direction had been missed and that the train of industrial civilization was now not merely still chugging toward a broken bridge , but was actually starting to plummet into the gorge below .
We had succeeded somewhat in helping increase public awareness of an issue : due to the efforts of thousands of scientists , writers , and activists , “ peak oil ” had become a recognizable term in public discourse .
But we had failed to budge government policy in more than very minor ways ( I had , for example , assisted the City Council - appointed Peak Oil Task Force of Oakland , California , which produced a sensible report on which , so far , little action has been taken ) .
The world has entered a new era .
The project of awakening and warning policy makers and the general public was worthy of the investment of all the effort we could muster .
In fact , it would have been negligent of the Limits to Growth authors , Colin Campbell , Jean Laherrère , and thousands of climate and environmental scientists and activists ( myself included ) not to give it our best shot .
But it is now too late to avert a collapse of the existing system .
The collapse has begun .
It is time for a different strategy .
By saying this , I am not suggesting that we should all simply give up and accept an inevitable , awful fate .
Even though the collapse of the world ’s financial and industrial systems has started , effort now at minimizing further dire consequences is essential .
Collapse does not mean extinction .
A new way of life will almost certainly emerge from the wreckage of the fossil - fueled growth era .
It is up to those of us who have some understanding of what is happening , and why , to help design that new way of life so that it will be sustainable , equitable , and fulfilling for all concerned .
We all need practical strategies and tools to weather the collapse and to build the foundation of whatever is to come after .
Journey to a New Economy
The propositions described above , and my personal journey , are the starting points for a search that can be summarized in a single question :
What are the guideposts toward a livable , inviting post - growth society ?
This search has in many instances entailed a literal , geographic journey .
During the past few years , as I traveled the lecture circuit , I met thousands of people who had already concluded on their own that the global stage was being set for an economic crash of epic proportions .
They had passed through the psychological stages of grief — denial , anger , bargaining , depression , and acceptance .
They were thinking creatively , building new lives , and experimenting with a wide range of strategies for meeting basic human needs while using much less of just about everything .
Some of these folks , like me , had been thinking along these lines for a long time — since the 1970s .
Many were much younger , though , had learned about Peak Oil or climate change just within the past few years , and had recently decided to devote their lives to building a post - hydrocarbon world .
Some were clearly members of what was known in the 1970s as the “ counterculture . ”
Others were mainstream citizens — investment bankers , real estate sellers , high school teachers , small business owners , corporate middle managers — who had chanced upon information that awakened them forcibly from their routines .
Many of these folks lived in large cities , but others in small towns or on farms ; some were rich , some poor ( a few by choice ) ; some were devout , others agnostic or atheist ; some were working alone on survivalist projects , while others were building community organizations ; some saw the transition as a business opportunity while others were working through non-profit organizations .
Here are just three examples that stand out .
In 2005 , while on a lecture tour in Ireland , I met a young college teacher named Rob Hopkins who believed that life could be better without fossil fuels .
He had led his students in developing an “ Energy Descent Action Plan ” for their town , and believed he had the seed for something larger and more significant .
He soon moved back to his native England to earn his Ph.D. , and designed his thesis project around helping the village of Totnes begin a cooperative , phased process of transitioning away from its dependence on fossil fuels .
This project in turn led to the start of a series of Transition Initiatives in villages , towns , and neighborhoods throughout the U.K .
In 2007 , a version of Rob ’s written Ph.D. thesis was published as a book ( The Transition Handbook ) that quickly began inspiring others to take up this strategy .
Today there are hundreds of Transition Initiatives at various stages of development in a dozen countries ( including over 50 in the U.S. ) .
While in Montana for a speaking engagement at the University of Montana in Helena in spring 2009 , some local Peak Oil activists drove me to the town of Ronan and introduced me to Billie Lee , who had helped start Mission Mountain Food Enterprise Center .
The Center is housed in a fairly small , non-descript building and features medium - scale food processing equipment that local small food producers can rent at reasonable rates .
This enables small farmers to produce value - added products ( everything from canned soups to herbal tea bags ) that are profitable and are price - competitive with those made by industrial food companies located hundreds or thousands of miles from Ronan .
Local food has become an obsession for the sustainability - minded during the past few years , and local food systems will be a necessary pillar of post - growth economies .
Yet aspiring small - scale farmers often have a hard time getting started because they cannot afford the equipment to enable them to produce profitable value - added products .
Here in the tiny hamlet of Ronan was an ingenious solution to the problem , and one that deserves to be replicated in every agricultural county in the nation .
On a trip to New England in 2007 , I met Lynn Benander , a community energy activist and entrepreneur who had started a project called Co-op Power to bring renewable energy to low - income and multi-ethnic communities throughout the Northeast .
Typically , renewable energy projects cost more to get going than conventional coal or gas power projects , and so they tend to be found in wealthier communities and regions .
Conversely , the most polluting energy projects tend to be sited in or near poor neighborhoods or regions .
Co-op
Power aims to change that imbalance of power — in a way that any community can copy .
A typical project :
You help four people put up a solar hot water system and everyone comes to help you put up yours ; you save 40 to 50 percent off your total system price , get to know your neighbors , and learn how your system works .
Co-op Power had also pioneered a cooperative financing method that cuts through the usual roadblocks to renewable energy projects in poorer neighborhoods by leveraging member equity .
Individually , these initiatives and projects may seem to be on too small a scale to make much of a difference .
But multiplied by thousands , with examples in nearly every community , they represent a quiet yet powerful movement .
Few of these efforts have gained national media attention .
Most media commentators who address economic issues are focused on the prospects — positive or negative — of the existing growth - based economy .
These projects do n’t seem all that important within that framework of thinking .
But in the new context of the no - growth economy , they may mean the difference between ruinous poverty and happy sufficiency .
The trends are already in evidence : as the financial crisis worsens , more people are planting gardens , and seed companies are working hard to keep up with the demand .
More young people are taking up farming now than in any recent decade .
In 2008 , more bicycles were sold in the U.S. than automobiles ( not good news for the struggling car companies , but great news for the climate ) .
And since the crisis started , Americans have been spending much less on non-essentials — repairing and re-using rather than replacing and adding .
Many economists assume these trends are short - term and that Americans will return to consumerism as economic crisis shifts into recovery .
But if there is no “ recovery ” in the usual sense , then these trends will only grow .
This is what the early adopters are assuming .
They believe that the nation and the world have turned a corner .
They understand something the media either ignore or deny .
They ’re betting on a future of local food systems , not global agribusiness ; of community credit co-ops rather than too - big - to - fail Wall Street megabanks ; of small - scale renewable energy projects , not a world - spanning system of fossil - fuel extraction , trade , and consumption .
A future in which we do for ourselves , share , and cooperate .
They ’re embarking on a life after growth .
* * *
The realization that growth is at an end raises many questions .
Will the financial impact be inflationary or deflationary ?
Will some nations fare better than others , leading to protectionist trade wars ?
Will the “ down - sizing ” of social and economic complexity lead also to a substantial die - off of the human species ?
How quickly will all of this happen ?
There simply are no hard and fast answers to such questions .
The financial , energy , food , transport , and political systems on which we rely are complex , so it is almost impossible to reliably model their response to a shock such as a resource limits - imposed end to economic growth .
The only reasonable response , it seems to me , is to act as if survival is possible , and to build resilience throughout society as quickly as can be , acting locally wherever there are individuals or groups with the understanding and wherewithal .
We must assume that a satisfactory , sustainable way of life is achievable in the absence of fossil fuels and conventional economic growth , and go about building it .
This will be the focus of my work from now on — and it is likely to be the work of the next few generations as well .
Call it Transition , call it cultural survival and renewal , call it what you will , it is the only game in town for the foreseeable future .
A recent study by Australian Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization ( CSIRO ) concluded , “ [ Our ] analysis shows that 30 years of historical data compares favorably with key features of [ the Limits to Growth ] business - as - usual scenario… . ”
Back to top
Goldilocks and the Three Fuels :
A Cautionary Tale of Resource Depletion
( published by Reuters , Feb. 18 , 2010 )
Where are oil prices headed in 2010 ?
Forecasts for the end of the year are all over the map , from over $ 100 a barrel to under $ 50 .
The difference hinges mostly on assumptions about whether the economy will recover or relapse .
But it may be that price volatility has become an inherent feature of the oil market — and fossil fuel markets in general — for reasons that can perhaps best be explained with the help of a little history and an old children ’s story .
Once upon a time ( about a dozen years past ) , oil sold for $ 12 a barrel and a lot of people thought it would get even cheaper because the market was glutted .
But instead the price rose : many big oilfields were aging and yielding less , and it was getting harder to find new ones — especially in places easy and cheap to drill .
So the glut eroded and petroleum prices rose .
Seeing a perfect opportunity ( a necessary commodity with stagnating supply and growing demand ) , speculators drove the price up even further .
As prices lofted , oil companies and private investors also saw opportunity and started funding expensive projects to explore for oil in remote and inconvenient places , or to make synthetic liquid fuels out of lower - grade carbon materials like bitumen , coal , or kerogen .
But then in 2008 , as the price of a barrel of oil reached its all - time high of $ 147 , the economy crashed .
Airlines and trucking companies downsized , motorists stayed home , and demand for oil plummeted .
So did the price , bottoming out at $ 32 at the end of 2008 .
But with prices so low , investments in hard - to - find oil and hard - to - make substitutes began to look tenuous , so tens of billions of dollars ’ worth of projects got canceled .
Yet the industry had been counting on those projects to maintain a steady stream of liquid fuels a few years out , so worries about a future supply crunch began to make headlines .
By mid-2009 the oil price had settled within a Goldilocks range — not too high ( so as to kill the economy and , with it , fuel demand ) , and not too low ( so as to scare away investment in future energy projects and thus reduce supply ) .
That just - right price band appeared to be between $ 60 and $ 80 a barrel .
How long prices can stay in the Goldilocks range is anybody ’s guess , but production declines in the world ’s old super - giant oilfields continue to accelerate and exploration costs continue to mount , which means that the lower boundary of that just - right range will inevitably continue to migrate upward .
Meanwhile the world economy remains frail , so that even $ 80 oil could strain the recovery .
When discussing the increasing perils of the current oil supply - demand - price balancing act , some commentators opine that the world supply of oil has peaked ; others say it is demand that has peaked .
It is a distinction without a difference .
There are similarities with U.S. natural gas .
Recent shale gas projects have yielded significant quantities of fuel , and reserves of the stuff are enormous .
But drilling costs and per-well decline rates are high , so producers can make a profit only if gas prices are toward the upper end of their historic range .
Nearly everyone believes that U.S. coal supplies are virtually endless , but the Goldilocks syndrome is coming into play there , too .
Coal prices just about doubled in the two years leading up to the economic crash of 2008 , and high - quality coals from the eastern region of the country are depleting fast .
We will never run out of coal , oil , or natural gas — in the absolute sense .
The Industrial Revolution started in British coalfields , and there is still an enormous amount of coal in Britain ; but the coal that ’s left there is prohibitively expensive to mine , so that nation ’s coal industry is virtually gone .
Goldilocks grew dissatisfied with her options , got up , and left .
The same has been gradually transpiring in the U.S. oil patch over the past four decades , and the same will happen wherever useful non-renewable resources are found .
Economic theory says the Market will always find a substitute for whatever resource is depleting to the point of scarcity .
When it comes to fuels , the substitutes are alternatives to coal , oil , and gas — primarily , renewables like wind and solar .
Investing in them should be a no - brainer .
But , during the Goldilocks interval , increasing price volatility for oil , gas , and coal can make all energy investments dicey .
That means that , as a society , our main strategy for navigating the energy transition will almost certainly have to be conservation .
The lesson of the parable :
If you ’re an investor , beware — oil prices are going to be increasingly hard to predict over the longer term .
And if you make energy policy , do n’t get any more hooked on non-renewable resources than you already are .
If you do , you ’ll eventually be spending much of your time chasing fickle Goldilocks — and in the end , she ’s a bear .
House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer wants Republicans to speak out against violence aimed at Democratic colleagues .
Hoyer : Members are at risk
House Majority Leader Steny
Hoyer is warning that some of his Democratic colleagues are being threatened with violence when they go back to their districts — and he wants Republicans to stand up and condemn the threats .
The Maryland Democrat said more than 10 House Democrats have reported incidents of threats or other forms of harassment about their support of the highly divisive health insurance overhaul vote .
Hoyer emphasized that he did n’t have a specific number of threats and that was just an estimate .
Advertisement
The Federal Bureau of Investigation , Capitol Police and sergeant at arms briefed Democrats behind closed doors today about the incidents of violence — the most high profile of which have been toward Democratic Reps .
Thomas Perriello of Virginia , Steve Driehaus of Ohio and Louise Slaughter of New York .
Hoyer hinted that Republicans should do more to condemn these threats of violence .
“ I would hope that we would join together jointly and make it very clear that none of us condone this kind of activity , ” Hoyer told reporters .
“ And when we see it , we speak out strongly in opposition to it .
And I would hope that we would do that going forward . ”
Rep. Jim Clyburn ( D - S.C. ) , the majority whip , said Democrats and Republicans should continue to speak out on these threats .
“ Silence gives consent , ” Clyburn said .
But Minority Leader John Boehner already has condemned threats of violence — and sought to explain why people are so angry .
“ I know many Americans are angry over this health care bill , and that Washington Democrats just are n’t listening , ” Boehner said .
“ But , as I ’ve said , violence and threats are unacceptable .
That ’s not the American way .
We need to take that anger and channel it into positive change .
Call your congressman , go out and register people to vote , go volunteer on a political campaign , make your voice heard — but let 's do it the right way . "
A Republican aide also pointed out that over the years Republican members of Congress received their fair share of death threats during volatile times .
Newt Gingrich after the 1994 Republican revolution and the late Henry Hyde during the Clinton impeachment in 1998 both received numerous death threats .
And just last month , Sen. Jim Bunning ( R - Ky . ) received death threats after his filibuster of unemployment benefits , according to a report in Roll Call .
Hoyer said steps are being taken to protect members of Congress .
Most lawmakers do not have formal security protection , but if any member feels threatened , they will be getting “ attention from the proper authorities . ”
On Wednesday , the FBI began a preliminary investigation into fuel lines cut at the Virginia home of Perriello ’s brother , whose address was posted online — the poster thought it was the lawmaker ’s address .
Driehaus said his address was posted Wednesday on a right - leaning blog .
Budget news from state after state is grim .
When will this matter ?
No one knows but service cutbacks are coming , as are huge layoffs .
Missouri Budget Overstates Revenues By Up To $ 1 billion
The Kansas City Star is reporting Nixon 's budget may have overestimated Missouri revenues by up to $ 1 billion
The state budget presented six weeks ago by Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon may have overestimated revenues by as much as $ 1 billion , lawmakers warned Tuesday .
The stunning deficit could force lawmakers to go beyond program and service cuts to consider major structural changes to state government .
“ It is clear that even as Missouri ’s economy begins to rebound , state revenues will continue to lag for a prolonged period of time , ” Nixon , a Democrat , said in a statement Monday .
“ As a result , we will need to downsize the scope of state government , while protecting necessary services to the citizens of Missouri . ”
That announcement was underscored Tuesday by the release of state revenues for February , which showed a year - to - date decline of 12.7 percent compared with this time last year , and a 14.6 percent drop in revenues for February .
The budget Nixon presented to lawmakers in January totaled $ 23.8 billion , of which $ 7.2 billion came from the state ’s general revenue fund , largely made up of tax revenues .
The shortfall being discussed could represent 10 percent — or more — of the $ 7.2 billion that the General Assembly controls .
“ This is a crisis in the state budget that we have never , ever seen before in the state of Missouri , ” said Sen. Kurt Schaefer , a Columbia Republican and vice chairman of the Appropriations Committee .
Year - over - year revenues have never declined as they have since 2008 , said Schaefer , who added that it was a fiscal reality that would require a new approach to balancing the budget .
“ We are way beyond cutting a few hundred thousand here , a few hundred thousand there , ” Schaefer said .
“ This is a whole - scale restructuring that ’s going to have to occur . ”
Just what that restructuring will look like — and what departments , programs and services might be affected — is still unclear .
Budget Battles In Washington
Republicans in Olympia say they have an alternative to raising taxes : slash compensation for state workers .
The minority party has demanded that Gov. Chris Gregoire or the Legislature bring employee unions back to the bargaining table .
The contracts that run through 2011 would have to be renegotiated before lawmakers could tamper with pay or benefits .
“ I do n’t think we ’ve asked them to give up much at all , ” Sen .
Joe Zarelli , the top Republican on the Senate budget - writing committee , said of state employees .
It ’s unclear , however , how going back to negotiations would persuade workers to give up anything .
Unions such as the Washington Federation of State Employees have ruled out changes , pressing the Legislature to raise tax revenues to fill a $ 2.8 billion shortfall .
Republicans eye state workers ' pay
Budget Gaps In Kansas
Gov. Mark Parkinson has made additional budget adjustments to bridge a $ 106 million budget imbalance in the current fiscal year in light of continuing revenue declines .
Parkinson also criticized the Legislature for going on a “ tax - cutting binge ” to the tune of $ 9 billion that benefits special interest groups and not the average Kansan .
“ It ’s not just the recession that has put us into this current situation , ” Parkinson said .
Specifically , Parkinson cited the elimination of estate taxes and franchise taxes and a tripling in the number of sales tax exemptions in recent years .
17 Consecutive Bad Months In Indiana
Indiana has now had 17 consecutive months of bad fiscal news .
A new revenue report on Tuesday showed that Indiana took in $ 85.5 million less in tax dollars in February than was predicted less than three months ago .
That puts the state $ 869 million below what lawmakers expected when they passed the budget for the fiscal period beginning in July , and $ 113 million below what they hoped for when that projection was scrapped in favor of a new one in December .
Gov. Mitch Daniels did not immediately order any budget cuts , but since it ’s been 17 months since actual revenues met projections , he said further spending reductions might be necessary if revenues continue to sag .
“ We ’ll just have to keep looking at it .
There ’s not a state in the union that ’s done as much as we have , and we ’re not out of tricks yet , ” Daniels said .
Time For Action , Not Looking
He froze aid to schools
Challenged school boards .
Wants to change arbitration rules for public workers
Requests public - private salary and benefits parity
Demands pension reform
Property tax hikes not an option
Wants to get rid of programs like COAH
Is not thinking about the next election
The blimp — that bloated , egg - shaped thing that blocks out the sun at major public events — remains one of aviation ’s oddballs .
Think Stay Puft Marshmallow Man in the movie Ghostbusters .
And it ’s a high - maintenance oddball : lots of construction and operating costs relative to the few people it carries .
No speed .
Huge amounts of hangar space needed to shelter it when nasty weather arrives .
How does this thing get work ?
Other than hoisting cameras above the Super Bowl for 10 - second shots during TV commercial breaks , the blimp , or zeppelin as it ’s never called anymore , has been a caricature of itself for decades .
Leave it to the Germans to think , we can do a better blimp .
TAO ( Trans - Atmospheric Operations ) Technologies GmbH , of Stuttgart , Germany , partnered a few years ago with the University of Stuttgart , and more recently with Ft. Lauderdale , Florida - based Sanswire Corporation ( from the French “ sans ” for “ without ” paired with the English “ wires ” ) to develop and market a new kind of airship , the Stratellite — a smaller , more flexible , unmanned , autonomous blimp that may rewrite the books on the value of lighter - than - air vehicles .
The biggest plus for blimps is their time in the air , which can last days to weeks depending on whether they have people on board .
Their biggest drawback is that when the wind blows hard from the side , they do n’t stay on course very well .
And several thousand feet up , blimps encounter a lot of wind .
For a blimp driver trying to angle for a good camera shot of a football stadium , it ’s not a matter of life and death .
For soldiers on the ground in Kandahar trying to maintain , say , a communications link to their supply base , or a video feed of insurgents across the valley , the stakes are higher .
Sanswire - TAO has done away with the rigid blimp design in favor of a flexible one , with segments linked like sausages inside a double - sleeve design .
The vehicle looks like that hinged plastic toy snake you played with as a kid .
As it undulates in the sky in a cross wind , it bleeds off the energy of the gusts , and stays on course or in place more efficiently .
“ We focus strictly on being an eye in the sky — a very low - cost eye in the sky , ” says Daniel Erdberg , Sanswire - TAO vice president of operations .
“ It ’s not a complicated machine like a typical aircraft .
Our [ flight ] duration exceeds anything on the market just due to design , to physics . ”
Made mainly of rip - stop nylon , the multiple - cell airship , still in the test phase , would come in a crate that can be unpacked by two soldiers and deployed in a matter of hours .
The forward bladder is filled with helium , which gives the airship its buoyancy .
The rest of the bladders are filled with a gaseous , combustible fuel that gets compressed before being fed into a one - cylinder , reciprocating engine mounted below the front section , which pulls the airship along at almost 40 miles an hour .
The company ’s current model , the STS - 111 , which is 111 feet long and 11 feet in diameter , can stay aloft for up to three days at altitudes between 10,000 feet and 30,000 feet .
A larger version on the drawing board will go to 60,000 feet , where it will loiter for up to a month , with an expected top speed around 85 miles an hour .
“ At that altitude , ” says Erdberg , “ the airship has a line - of - sight view over an area the size of Texas . ”
While research is moving ahead on how to get propeller - driven , airplane - type unmanned aerial vehicles ( UAVs ) to stay aloft for weeks , months , or even years — mainly with light , durable solar cells that charge batteries by day to keep the propellers turning at night —
Sanswire - TAO claims they ’re ready to fill a need now for more persistent UAV loitering where it ’s needed : mainly in the military , but also for homeland security , border patrol , environmental study , commercial telecommunications , and maritime needs .
“ We said , ‘ Duration , duration , duration , ’ measured in weeks .
That ’s what our soldiers need now , ” says Erdberg .
Sanswire - TAO conducted their latest demonstration of their airship on December 17 and 18 in Stuttgart .
“ We ’ve built about 30 prototypes and have flown them thousands of times , ” he says .
The double thickness silver artefact is French and dated to 1322 - 28
A Shropshire woman is the first in the UK to be convicted of failing to report treasure , say West Mercia police .
Kate Harding , 23 , of The Hawthorns in Ludlow , presented a 14th Century artefact to Ludlow Museum in January last year .
After it was identified by experts from The British Museum she was told she had to report the find to the coroner .
But she did not and on Thursday admitted breaching the Treasure Act , at Ludlow Magistrates ' Court .
' Landmark case '
She was given a three month conditional discharge , ordered to hand over the artefact and to pay £ 25 in costs .
Dr Michael Lewis of the British Museum confirmed the case was the first to have resulted in prosecution .
He said : " This is a landmark case and it sends a clear message to those who fail to report Treasure .
" However , we are delighted that the artefact , which has great historical significance , has now been handed over under the instruction of the magistrates . "
A similar item was discovered in West Clandon , Surrey in 2007 , and bought by the British Museum for £ 1,800 .
But Ms Harding may not receive anything , as the Treasure Valuation Committee has the power to cut or cancel any payment for " wrongdoing " .
Under the 1996 Treasure Act , anyone finding an ancient artefact must report the find to the coroner within 14 days .
Billionaire Lily Safra ’s house is a historic villa in Villefranche - sur - Mer on the French Riviera – Villa La Leopolda , the second most expensive house in the world .
A native of Brazil , she is a citizen of Monaco with homes in Geneva and Monaco , and also spends time in New York and London .
Lily Safra , born Lily Watkins , is the widow of Edmond J. Safra , a banker who died in a fire in 1999 .
Lily Safra ’s net worth is $ 1.2 billion .
Villa La Leopolda is a 20 - acre estate valued at 500 million euro ( $ 750 million ) in 2008 .
The estate was once owned by King Leopold II , given to his mistress Blanche Zelia Josephine Delacroix ( also known as Caroline Lacroix ) , then owned by King Albert I .
The villa was used as a military hospital during World War I .
After it was acquired by Therese Vitali , comtesse de Beauchamp , in 1919 , she commissioned modifications by Ogden Codman , Jr. , American Architect .
Codman purchased existing structures on the site and eventually rented them to tenants .
When Codman died in 1951 , the estate was sold to Izaak Walton Killam , whose wife sold it to Gianni Agnelli , president of Fiat , after her husband ’s death .
Edmond Safra purchased the property in 1988 and commissioned Interior Designer Renzo Mongiardino .
Mica Ertegun decorated the second - floor bedrooms .
La Leopolda has been featured in the 1948 movie “ The Red Shoes ” as well as Alfred Hitchcock ’s “ To Catch a Thief . ”
It is a French Monument Historique .
Lily Safra is known for her philanthropic works and has donated heavily to the Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson ’s Research , almost $ 20 million since 2001 .
She raised almost $ 38 million donated to 32 charities at an event at Christie ’s in Geneva called “ Jewels for Hope ” .
Her collection
auctioned at the event totaled 70 items .
Lily Safra chairs the Edmond J. Safra Foundation , the recipient of most of her husband ’s fortune , which supports science and medicine , humanitarian relief , education , religion and culture in 40 cultures .
The Foundation has reportedly donated $ 250 million since it was created .
She also co-founded the International Sephardic Education Foundation , supports the American Red Cross , and helped Hurricane Katrina victims .
She has contributed to and supported many other medical and health - related causes and entities .
There are few people as qualified to discuss the stresses of ( and on ) the financial system over the past several years as Yale and Wharton Professor Gary Gorton , who just incidentally has held positions at the Bank Of England , the Federal Reserve and the FDIC .
In a submission to Zero Hedge , Professor Gorton provides some unique perspectives into what we have long claimed was the immediate catalyst for the near collapse of the banking system : the bank run , not so much on depository institutions , but on the much more critical shadow banking system .
And when one considers the parallels between the two , whose existence in any case is merely contingent on the persistence of trust in the workings of the broader financial system , Gorton observes that the Great Panic which commenced really in August 2007 ( with the first salvo fired by none other than the HFT quant community , on August 6 , discussed extensively here previously and in Barron 's today most recently ) , is really no different from the Panics of 1907 or 1893 , except that in 2007 " most people had never heard of the markets that were involved , did n't know how they worked , or what their purposes were .
Terms like subprime mortgage , asset - backed commercial paper conduit , structured investment vehicle , credit derivative , securitization , or repo market were meaningless . "
And just like deposit bank runs earlier , the securitized banking system , which is in essence a real banking system , " allowing institutional investors and firms to make enormous , short - term deposits " was vulnerable to a panic .
What should be more troubling is that the event commencing with the August 2007 waterfall , were not a retail panic involving individuals , but a wholesale panic involving institutions , where large financial firms " ran " on other financial firms , making the system insolvent .
As some other witty writer once put it best , " banks opened up their books to each other , and hated what they saw . "
The scariest thing is that we have still done nothing to address the propensity for institutional panic to come back , which courtesy of money now being electronic 1's and 0's , will certainly take an even faster time to hit its plateau when it appears next .
Keep in mind that post the Lehman crisis , it only took 3 days before the money markets locked up and were in need of governmental guarantees , while the broader repo market was shut down within 48 hours .
As retail investors tend to enjoy obtaining physical delivery of their asset ( read FRNs ) , for institutions , the wave can turn at a heartbeat , and next time around the administration will likely not even have 12 hours before a complete financial , systemic , and irrevocable lock - down is in place .
The only backstop to this risk - the Federal Reserve .
Yet the question remains : how long before nobody in the world dares to take the Fed head on .
It is no secret that the entire investment community now realizes that the Fed 's experiment is doomed .
The US is no longer a viable going concern : when the CBO notifies the public that the debt / GDP in a decade will be 90 % and that total marketable debt will double to $ 20 trillion , the game is over .
And just like in any good old game theory construct , the first defector is the one to benefit the most .
The Fed can not , be definition " defect " ; so when one of the whale account does , and the avalanche of enjoinders jumps on board , the proverbial " you do n't get in front of the Fed " will be a memory .
What we know is that we now have a t - 10 years timer before the US economy is certainly finished .
But the real question is when the defections against Bernanke et al will begin in earnest .
Back to the repo system :
As Gorton points out - " Times change .
Now , banking has changed again .
In the last 25 years or so , there has been another significant change : a change in the form and quantity of bank liabilities that has resulted in a panic .
This change involves the combination of securitization with the repo market .
At root this change has to do with traditional banking system becoming unprofitable in the 1980s .
During that decade , traditional banks lost market share to money market mutual funds ( which replaced demand deposits ) and junk bonds ( which took market share from lending ) , to name the two most important changes " [ incidentally , this is precisely the reason why Paul Volcker has historically been so adamantly against money markets , and for a dramatic , and some say terminal , overhaul in the MM system , whose mere ongoing existence is a substantial destabilization of the financial status quo as investors funnel trillions of dollars to and fro MM's whenever the Fed plays around with the Fed Funds rate , adding massive instability to capital markets ]
" Keeping passive cash flows on the balance sheet from loans , when the credit decision was already made , became unprofitable .
This led to securitization , which is the process by which such cash flows are sold . "
Gorton goes on to demonstrate just how the traditional and parallel ( shadow ) banking systems are intertwined :
As the above Gordian Knot chart indicates , there is much as stake here , and much reason for the authorities to distract the general populace with such silly concepts as a Consumer Protection Agency and Healthcare Reform .
Indeed , shadow economy investors stand to lose over $ 70 trillion dollars should the traditional - shadow banking linkage be broken and the cash flow transfer process be disrupted .
The bigger question : how much longer will such cash flows sustain in the current day and age when real demand has collapse courtesy of record domestic unemployment .
The biggest question : what happens when there is a secular change to the prevalent level of capital flows into shadow banking .
One of the primary reasons for the massive expansion in the money system ( via the credit pyramid ) , has been precisely the shadow banking system , which is second only to the credit and interest rate derivative market ( incidentally we were fascinated by the race to the currency bottom , and the technical associated short squeezes in the Dollar and Euro , in May 2009 , long before anyone even considered such now daily discussion pieces ) .
Yet should shadow baning disappear , the tranche above it ( or below it by seniority ) would disappear as well .
And with 90 % + of global liquidity gone , and no additional source of " credit " money to fill the Fed 's infinite demand for monetary supply , asset prices will explode ( forget about gold - one apple will be $ 6,000 an ounce ) .
Deflationists are right that ceteris paribus asset prices will decline , and that the Fed is powerless to stop this .
Yet deflationists take one huge variable for granted : that the existing liquidity pyramid will persist .
It is obvious that should another systemic stress episode emerge and money contract by a massive amount , the end consumer will matter little when total global credit collapses from $ 600 trillion to mid double digits , thereby decimating the real shadow monetary base , and realligning global assets with a liability side in flux .
After all , the key offset to CPI going stratospheric over the past 30 , 50 and even 100 years has been precisely the emergence of the alternative banking system , with its influx of tens if not hundreds of trillions of " shadow " dollars , which almost ceased to exist in the 2007 - 2009 crisis .
The netting of intangible money to tangible currency in circulation would be a forced explosion in the money multiplier by the same amount as the shadow economy has sucked out in a vacuum of expiring credibility overnight .
For this , and much more we recommend a read of the attached " Q&A about the Financial Crisis " in which Gary Gorton discusses before the US Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission , in very clear language , the big dangers still facing shadow banking .
Should readers demand for additional information , Gary Gorton has recently written a book , " Slapped by the Invisible Hand , The Panic of 2007 " ( you know it 's good because it is not available on the Kindle ) , which discusses more of the same fascinating topics ( and to which a just as interesting intro written by Gorton can be found here ) .
Machine Gun Kelly has released a deluxe version of Tickets to My Downfall to all streaming platforms .
It features six new songs , including “ Body Bag ” featuring Yungblud and Bert from The Used .
The song was inspired by Fall Out Boy ’s “ Dance , Dance ” and the band approved the clearance .
Sidenote : I think what ’s been interesting about this album is to see the homages , or some may say pop-punk clichés , being repurposed in a modern way .
To my ears there ’s a whole lot in this album that I ’ve heard before , from Good Charlotte , to Blink , to Fall Out Boy , but it finds just enough of a way to feel new .
I do n’t think any of the aforementioned bands could have gotten away with it .
There ’s no expectations .
When Blink - 182 releases a new album everyone has an idea of what they want it to sound like , but this is free of those and therefore allowed to stand on its own .
I ’ve been pleasantly surprised to find that it works far more than it does n’t .
“ Forget Me Too ” is a hit .
“ Machine Gun Kelly Releases Deluxe Album ”
Lifestyle
People
" We currently have 80 swans here on Lake Morton to feed and care for , so we are looking to sell around 30 to 40 to ensure proper care for them all , " said Lakeland Director of Parks and Recreation Bob Donahay
8 Effective Ways to Raise Frugal Kids
This is a guest post from Carmen Bolanos , who regularly writes on travel and parenting over at NuNomad.com .
She is currently nomading in Oaxaca , Mexico , with her three daughters who in her own words , “ constantly amaze me with their art , music and enthusiasm for life . ”
Tweet
We are looking ahead , as is one of the first mandates given to us as chiefs , to make sure [ that ] every decision we make relates to the welfare and well - being of the seventh generation to come , and that is the basis by which we make decisions in council .
We consider : Will this be to the benefit of the seventh generation ?
This is a guideline .
– an Iroquois chief quoted by Jeremy Rifkin in Time Wars
Minimalist and frugal lifestyles are all the rage right now .
It ’s such a refreshing turn - around from the 80’s up - and - coming yuppy mindset and sorely needed not only by our struggling planet , but also by our souls , which I believe have always yearned for something deeper than the latest BMW .
Personally , I have always been a minimalist type .
I ’m not a shopper and have been known to hold on to shoes until they ’re worn through and my feet are touching the street .
Not for any real philosophical reason – it ’s just who I am .
What a shock when my husband and I started our family and the arrival of our dear first baby was accompanied by a hurricane of accompanying stuff !
Not only the necessities of diapers and t- shirts , but mountains of accessories , gadgets , toys … you name it .
Little did we know that having a child in the U.S. would mean a constant barrage of media marketing directly to our children as soon as they were able to sit up .
So , how do we ensure that our values of a minimalist lifestyle and frugality are passed on through our children when mass media and the economic machine would love to have it otherwise ?
How can we support minimalism and frugality as values to be passed on through generations and not let them die out as the latest trend ?
Having been in the process of raising our three daughters for 17 years now , here is a list of strategies that have worked for our family :
Turn off the media –
If I could give only one piece of advice it would be this one .
Your best intentions and teachings will be constantly thwarted if your children are bombarded by every marketing ploy known to modern man .
Your kids wo n’t crave the latest gadget , because they might not even realize it exists .
You may be amazed at Christmas when your kid asks for , “ I do n’t know , maybe a book ? ”
Yes – really .
It actually happened to us !
Limit electronics –
While electronics do n’t necessarily advertise to kids , they do have an impact on their attention spans .
In addition , overuse may adversely affect their relationships with other human beings and their ability to enjoy other forms of activity , especially quality physical activity .
If you want a child who will value a simple lifestyle , they will need to be able to find joy in simple activities , such as playing outside , playing board games , and engaging in imaginative games with their friends .
Talk with your loved ones about your values – When you are trying to raise a child in a minimalist lifestyle it can be frustrating to receive the latest electronic or cheap plastic gadget from loved ones each Christmas and birthday .
Sit down and discuss your values with your family and friends and let them know that while you appreciate their gestures of generosity , simpler gifts may help maintain consistency .
You may want to gently provided specific examples .
“ You know , Sally really enjoys playing with puzzles and outdoor games – so if you find something like that , she ’d love it .
Video games really do n’t get used that much . ”
Socialize with like - minded families – Our children are just as vulnerable to peer pressure as we were .
It ’s hard being the only kid who does n’t have the latest Xbox if everyone you know does .
If you make the choice to live a minimalist lifestyle , surround yourself with like - minded families .
You will find that your child has more fun playing with other kids who understand their type of play and can engage in it fully .
Also , they wo n’t feel like oddballs .
You ’re asking them to be a part of a counter - culture .
Show them that they ’re not alone by supplying them with community !
Have fun – Frugality is n’t about deprivation .
Show your kids why you value this lifestyle by making it as fun as possible .
Fill your time with activities that they ’ll enjoy .
Camping , going to parks , playing hide and seek , creating a puppet show , baking together , traveling … the list of what you can do is only limited by your imagination .
Show what you can do – Research shows time and again that modeling is the most powerful teacher .
Your children will model their behavior after yours .
Show your kids how you live out your values by letting them watch you and take part in your activities .
They will follow in your footsteps .
Instill a sense of service – A great mind - shift can happen when we stop thinking about what we do n’t have and begin thinking about how we can help others .
Consider spending time each week or month in some sort of service work with your kids .
They will learn a lot about our society , will gain appreciation for what they have and will feel great about what they ’ve done .
Enjoy a sense of purpose –
As human beings , we derive happiness from purposeful activity .
This has been one of the root concepts behind Montessori education .
We want to be useful and to feel a sense of accomplishment .
Let your children experience this by engaging in projects , building , creating , or working through problems .
My suggestions here may seem difficult .
I ’ll be honest in that they will require more hands - on , active parenting .
They ’ll also require a willingness to buck a system that will push very hard for compliance .
However , the rewards will be great .
What you will get in return will be engaged , enthusiastic and creative children , who will amaze you with what they can accomplish – children who are ready to carry on our values to the next generations .
Baker ’s Note :
After spending the time on the road that we did with Milligan , I can really appreciate the permanent lifestyle that Carmen is leading with her daughters .
While Milli is only approaching two , we are hoping to instill similar values in her as she ages !
Any of you parents have other tips on how to raise frugal kids ?
Did Nelson Mandela sell out ?
It ’s an uncomfortable question , but one that bears asking , because it has far reaching implications for the future of South Africa .
The battle for Nelson Mandela ’s legacy has begun , even before his death .
In an interview published by the London Evening Standard , Winnie Madikizela - Mandela had no doubts as to where her ex-husband stood .
“ Mandela let us down .
He agreed to a bad deal for the blacks .
Economically , we are still on the outside .
The economy is very much ‘ white ’ .
It has a few token blacks , but so many who gave their life in the struggle have died unrewarded . ”
How did this happen ?
A few weeks ago Black Consciousness expert Andile Mngxitama wrote in a column about some bizarre aspects of the Freedom Charter .
For example , he asks how , at the height of the struggle , the Freedom Charter demands equal voting powers to all when it was clear that the main area of disenfranchisement were land and freedom .
Paint it in any colour you want , it is obscene that 85 % of the population were forced on to 13 % of the available land .
That fact is simply indefensible .
A quick aside : you may wonder why anyone bothers with a document written over 50 years ago , and seems to be , for all intents , dead and forgotten .
The reality is , when it ’s convenient for the ANC to remember it , the Freedom Charter is trucked out and paraded as a pillar document of the National Democratic Revolution and even our Constitution .
Take , for example , the ongoing debate regarding the nationalisation of the mines .
The Freedom Charter unambiguously states that “ the mineral wealth beneath the soil , the Banks and the monopoly industry shall be transferred to the ownership of the people ( socialist - speak for “ the State ” ) as a whole . ”
Julius Malema likes to remind everyone that when Mandela left prison , nationalisation was almost a given for him .
But by the time he ascended to power , he was strangely mute on the subject .
We ’ve got to the point where the current government unequivocally states that nationalisation of the mines will not happen .
I ’m not complaining , mind you .
Just making an observation .
When Mandela was released from prison , he put into place steps that would eventually lead to the present state of events , where not much has changed for the average black South African , who remains economically sidelined .
The current system only benefits the connected few , the Sexwales , the Ramaphosas and the Motsepes of this country .
Let ’s not forget the Malemas as well .
Is this what the struggle was about ?
Did thousands of people die , tens of thousands more suffer countless horrors so that a select few could live in decadence ?
Mandela ( and Mbeki ) lead us away from a path of greater economical parity , our dialogue being directed away from a question of economic distribution , and towards a system that culminated in cronyism , meaningless tokenism and even more suffering for the majority of South Africans .
T Osiame Molefe puts it more forcefully , “ Instead , and admittedly reasonably , but I contend cowardly , an uneasy compromise was reached .
Black South Africa would be allowed to phase in reclaiming what they ’d waited for , in exchange , white South Africa , the beneficiaries of apartheid , would keep their ill - gotten gains . ”
Before you leap on your high , “ Oh , but look at what happened in Zimbabwe ” horse , consider this : the tragic situation in Zimbabwe is an extreme example .
In fact , it ’s what is definitely going to happen within the next 50 years if we do n’t fix our situation now .
Whenever the topic of economic redistribution gets raised , people point at Zimbabwe and claim that we ’ll end up like that if we even contemplate the idea of sharing the economy more equally with everyone .
That is absolutely not true .
I ca n’t state that more vehemently .
The reason why we seem to think Zim is the only end point of economical parity is because we ’ve never had the debate .
We ’ve never discussed , as a nation , what the options are .
We ’ve never seriously contemplated how everyone in the country can benefit from democracy .
We ’ve been content to let a few fat cats stuff themselves , and the poor could go to hell for all we ( yes , we ) cared .
I agree with Mondli Makhanya that land redistribution as it is occuring now is n’t the best option , given that the trend is towards urbanisation .
Rural Development and Land Reform Minister Gugile Nkwinti only recently conceded that most of the repossessed farms are not functional .
Leave farming to those who really want to do it .
A democratic movement that sought to implement meaningful change may have been lost as far back as 1955 when the Freedom Charter was penned ( the whys and hows are a debate for another blog post ) .
Mandela may have just laid the final brick by selling out on the struggle to achieve his dream of political victory .
A dream which is fast becoming our nightmare .
We need to have this debate , and soon , before the truly disenfranchised decide to do something drastic about their worthless freedom .
Because then we ’ll really have Zimbabwe on our hands .
[ email protected ]
A few days back , we highlighted a new study out of France that found piracy actually going up after the country passed a strict Internet disconnection law .
Though the law wo n't be implemented until later in the year , les internautes are already moving away from P2P networks ; the thing is , even more of them are moving to other forms of piracy not dealt with by the new law , like online streaming and one - click downloads .
The recording industry 's international trade group , IFPI , did n't think much of this research from the University of Rennes .
IFPI CEO John Kennedy blasted the study : " It is nonsense to suggest that a study conducted before the [ new ] HADOPI authority has sent a letter to a single infringing user is somehow a definitive judgment on the success or otherwise of France 's digital piracy laws . "
Data source : M@rsouin ; CREM ; Universite de Rennes 1
Neither the original research paper nor our article claimed that this was " somehow a definitive judgment . "
Quite the opposite ; the second - to - last sentence of the research paper ( which we 're sure that someone of Kennedy 's stature would have actually read before blasting in public ... right ? ) says clearly , " Cette évaluation est bien évidemment partielle et devra être renouvelée dans quelques mois pour tenir compte des effets des premiers courriels d’avertissements . "
( " This study is quite obviously limited and should be repeated in several months in order to measure the effects of the first warning letters . " )
This is about as far from " definitive judgment " as one can get ; think of it more like a preliminary data point that suggests something intriguing for future research .
IFPI does have a few more substantive concerns about the piece : " The survey was only based on a sample of 2,000 people from Brittany , not a nationally representative cross-section of online users , and its conclusions are only based on self - reported behaviour of illegal activities .
It is not a meaningful study of current or future online behaviour in France . "
This is , at least , more accurate .
The sample size was indeed 2,000 people , and the sample was limited to Brittany ( where Rennes is located ) ; it is entirely possible that the good citizens of Paris and Aix - en - Provence are packing up their P2P practices in huge numbers and staying away from the darker Internet streaming destinations .
But the suggestion that it was " only " based on a sample of 2,000 people suggests doubt where none should exist .
A 2,000 - person sample could actually be used quite accurately to measure the entire US population on an issue ; when limited to Brittany , 2,000 people is a large sample .
Of course , this only helps if the sample was " representative . "
According to the report , the survey was " effectuée par téléphone entre le 16 novembre et le 23 décembre 2009 auprès de 2,000 individus représentatifs de la population de la Région Bretagne " ( " done by telephone between November 16 and December 23 2009 to 2,000 individuals representative of the population of the Brittany region " ) .
On the issue of self - reporting bias , it 's quite true that asking people about illegal or socially undesirable behavior may result in underreporting .
But the basic result of this survey was that people were reporting more total piratical activity — not a typical self - reporting bias issue .
In fact , piracy rates are likely to be higher than reported .
However , it 's certainly true that self - reporting is not the best way to deal with this issue , and we look forward to future research into the new law 's effects on France — exactly what the original paper suggested .
Certainly , these kinds of results would ( if true ) be unsettling for IFPI and for the movie industry .
Both have staked huge amounts of effort and capital on " three strikes " laws around the world ; if those laws only push people to other forms of piracy , and piracy that is harder for third parties to detect , Internet disconnection might not be the panacea that has been claimed .
The economic headlines sure look better than they did a year ago .
Gross domestic product ( GDP ) is finally growing again , rising by 2.2 percent in the third quarter of 2009 , with an early estimate of 5.7 percent for the fourth .
The fourth quarter number will probably be revised down , but it will still likely mark the fastest growth since 2003 .
The unemployment rate , after a nosedive , leveled off in the last few months of the year , and the stock market has regained 40 percent of its value after a March 2009 low .
Four of the five largest bailed - out banks have either repaid the government or received permission from the Treasury Department to do so in the near future .
Inflation slowed to a standstill in November after 10 months of increasing consumer prices .
Construction of new homes and apartments increased in 2009 from 2008 levels , the first annual growth in housing starts since 2005 .
" The Recovery Act has created jobs and spurred growth , " President Barack Obama said in a December speech trumpeting the success of his economic policies .
" We are in a very different place today than we were a year ago . "
Lawrence Summers , director of the White House National Economic Council , concurs .
" Everybody agrees that the recession is over , " Summers said that same month on ABC's This Week .
But a closer look reveals those appealing numbers sit on a dangerously shaky foundation .
Economic growth in 2009 was largely dependent on a historic level of government spending that even the president acknowledges is unsustainable in the long term .
The root problem of mortgage delinquencies has yet to be worked out .
Bank lending is sparse amid ongoing uncertainties surrounding regulatory reform .
As a result , manufacturers and small businesses continue to struggle with limited credit .
All that translates into historic job losses and a bleak outlook for meaningful growth in 2010 and 2011 .
Worst of all , many of the core problems in the housing , banking , manufacturing , and service sectors are being perpetuated and exacerbated by the very federal programs the president credits with jump - starting economic growth .
Instead of confronting the roots of the crisis head on , as Obama has repeatedly boasted of doing , his administration and the Democratic Congress have kicked the can down the road , postponing the day of reckoning for real estate , the auto industry , and the toxic mortgage - backed securities that were at the heart of the economic meltdown .
These unsolved problems will keep looming over the economy until they 're finally addressed .
Government Domestic Product
The much - noted " jobless recovery " is not just a problem .
It 's an anomaly .
Not since the post–World War II recession in 1945 has unemployment risen this quickly : five percentage points in the 24 months after the downturn began in December 2007 .
To put that in perspective , it took 43 months for unemployment to hit its peak during the 1979 – 82 recession .
In 2009 alone the economy shed a staggering 3.9 million jobs .
And though the headline unemployment rate stabilized at 10 percent during the final months of the year — 17.3 percent if you include part - time workers — initial jobless claims for January 2010 jumped at a rate not seen since the previous August .
It 's not at all clear the worst is behind us .
The gains on Wall Street have been goosed largely by government spending and guarantees , not the usual private sector–funded growth .
And federal spending cannot continue indefinitely without deficits and debt service spiraling out of control .
John Silvia , chief economist for Wells Fargo , says , " We have seen a recovery , but it 's driven primarily by federal spending and special federal projects .
The character of this recovery is very different than we 're used to . "
Consider that 37 percent of the third - quarter GDP growth was due to motor vehicle purchases , which were stimulated almost entirely by the Cash for Clunkers program .
" The third quarter was really just a lot of Cash for Clunkers spending that wo n't be sustained in the foreseeable future , " Silvia says .
( Final statistics for fourth quarter spending were not available at press time . )
The car scheme , an attempt to jump - start the bankrupt auto industry , offered consumers a government - funded credit of up to $ 4,500 if they traded in their gas guzzlers for more eco-friendly vehicles .
But since most participants probably were already planning to buy a new car , the program essentially shifted future demand for automobiles to the third quarter of 2009 .
Instead of continuing to grow , car sales dropped 34 percent immediately after the program ended .
Figure 1 shows U.S. auto sales in 2009 largely following the 10 - year average month - to - month change until the Cash for Clunkers credit jolted demand , followed by a subnormal drop .
Another 20 percent of third - quarter GDP growth came from new residential investments , propped up largely by the First - Time Homebuyer Credit .
The credit was first offered in 2008 as a federally backed no -interest loan of up to $ 7,500 , paid back over 15 years .
The February 2009 stimulus package extended the program to September , increased the maximum to $ 8,000 , and eliminated the repayment requirement .
With the free cash giveaway set to expire at the end of the third quarter , builders and buyers rushed to close on homes , concentrating larger than normal residential investment into third - quarter GDP .
Due to the " success " of the program , the credit has been extended again until April 2010 .
But the program has only helped individual buyers and sellers , not the housing market as a whole .
A Wells Fargo survey found that 56 percent of home - buyers who purchased a home in the second or third quarter of 2009 did so because of the special tax incentive .
Such federal jiggering not only steals demand from the future , distorting growth numbers ; it skews recovery in the real estate market .
Housing prices are up in 2010 from a year ago , but that is because the government is giving away money to buy homes .
The $ 8,000 giveaway pushes up the costs of all homes , not just the ones purchased with the credit , because sellers have raised their prices in anticipation of a buyer armed with stimulus cash .
The credit suggests an increase in demand that is n't really there .
The growth in the housing market that the White House brags about is inherently unsustainable .
Home prices would not be up without the government 's support , and they will decline once the support is removed .
That 's one reason Congress extended the First - Time Homebuyer Credit , even though it only puts off the inevitable and creates more problems .
This skewed demand creates the possibility that homes will be constructed by builders who mistakenly believe the market is reviving , when in fact it is only Uncle Sam subsidizing a buying spree until the money runs out .
Overall , government support accounts for roughly 77 percent of economic growth in the third quarter of 2009 , according to my analysis of Commerce Department statistics .
This means that non-Washington GDP growth was closer to 0.34 percent from July to September 2009 , instead of 2.2 percent .
It could be even worse .
When one aspect of GDP grows significantly , it lifts other components that might not otherwise rise ; this is known in economics as the " slingshot effect . "
Without the temporary , distorting aid of Obama 's programs , the economy might have seen continued negative growth .
Even Christina Romer , chairwoman of the White House Council of Economic Advisers , admitted in a statement accompanying the release of the third - quarter numbers that without the extraordinary government intervention , " real GDP would have risen little , if at all . "
This is not real growth .
It 's the national equivalent of a credit - card buying spree , with the bills — in the form of debt service and unfunded liabilities — to be paid off later .
It is a faux recovery .
The president is betting that private - sector consumption will take over for fiscal stimulus as the main economic driver in 2010 and beyond .
This gamble fails to take into account the ways in which the band - aid rescue programs are delaying efforts to address the economy 's deeper problems .
As Goes Housing , So Goes the Economy
Like unemployment and GDP growth , the housing market seemed to show green shoots in early 2010 .
Housing starts were up 22 percent from January 2009 , and the Internal Revenue Service estimated that 1.4 million taxpayers used the First - Time Homebuyer Credit to buy a new house between February and September of 2009 .
But there is still significant rot at the roots .
Tom Zimmerman , a managing director at the commercial banking giant UBS , predicts troubles ahead .
" The housing market has a lot of wood to chop to get through this cycle , " Zimmerman said in October 2009 at an American Enterprise Institute event .
" We 're not over by any means in terms of the negative part of the housing market . "
One of the looming negatives is the continued rise of mortgage delinquencies .
Going into 2010 , one - third of all homeowners owed more on their homes than they were worth .
This phenomenon has led to record levels of home abandonment .
Coupled with high unemployment and ballooning adjustable rate mortgages , banks are seeing defaults rapidly rising ( see Figure 2 ) .
If delinquencies continue to rise at their current rate , we could see more than $ 300 billion in delinquent mortgages by the summer of 2010 .
The most recent housing data shows 6.25 percent of U.S. mortgages are 60 or more days past due , up 58 percent from a year ago .
Why keep paying for your home if you 're going to lose money on the investment ?
Some analysts will counter that the trend lines are improving , since the growth in people falling behind on their mortgage was only 7.6 percent from July to September , down from 14 percent in the second quarter .
But Wells Fargo 's Silvia disagrees .
" Delinquencies and foreclosures traditionally lag the economic cycle , " he says .
" We 're likely to see delinquencies continue for the next three to six months .
In some areas it might be nine months to a year . "
A possible reason for the delayed reaction is the high concentration of delinquencies in a few areas of the country .
According to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , as of September 2009 , 31 percent of homes in foreclosure are located in five states : California , Florida , Nevada , Arizona , and New Jersey .
This concentration creates massive headaches for banks trying to recover losses on mortgages gone bad , since what they need most of all is for the foreclosed homes to sell .
Not only is selling difficult in areas with high foreclosure rates , but when a market appears prices tend to be disproportionately low — even considering the homebuyer credit — meaning less money recovered by banks .
These numbers , bad as they are , still do n't reflect the full depth of the toxic mortgage problem .
In most states , the mortgage holder can legally foreclose on a home once the homeowner is more than 120 days late on payments .
But banks and other mortgage owners have refrained from pushing delinquents into foreclosure .
While the number of homes delinquent for 90 days or more increased by 2.9 percent in 2009 over the previous year , the number of foreclosures increased only 1.3 percent .
This divergence is a historical anomaly , according to Molly Boesel , senior economist for the property information and analytics firm First American CoreLogic .
Delinquency and foreclosure rates traditionally track .
" These mortgages should be moving through the process , but they are being held up for various reasons , " Boesel says .
One reason is that many banks and mortgage servicers do n't have the capacity to digest the foreclosures fast enough .
But the main reason is that some mortgages from this pool have been modified or refinanced to keep the delinquent homeowner under the same roof .
The bulk of mortgage alterations have been funded through the White House 's $ 75 billion Home Affordable Modification Program ( HAMP ) .
By the end of 2009 , 130,000 mortgages had been refinanced through HAMP , and more than 700,000 other mortgages were being processed .
The chief problem with this approach is that the average redefault rate for HAMP participants , according to a September report from the Treasury Department 's Office of Thrift Supervision , is a wretched 50 percent .
At the behest of the federal government , banks are lowering their lending standards for their least credit - worthy customers , and the results are predictable .
Meanwhile the political pressure to prevent foreclosures continues to increase : states , counties , and cities across the country have ordered foreclosure moratoriums , limiting the legal authority for banks to move against nonpaying homeowners .
These laws have merely postponed the inevitable , artificially propping up prices and preventing a real market from emerging in both housing and mortgage finance .
The Obama administration and Congress keep putting off the day when the housing market , the root of the economic crisis , gets cleaned out .
It will be difficult for a real economic recovery to take off until they stop .
The Banking Mess
Toxic , mortgage - backed securities are still sitting on banks ' books , waiting for a market to emerge for them .
Joe Engelhard , a former Treasury Department official , observes that " the stabilization of the banking sector will not be complete until housing issues are worked out . "
With housing losses still mounting , banks are struggling to remain solvent .
Residential loans are just part of the problem .
Troubled commercial real estate loans totaling about $ 3 trillion will start coming due during the next few years .
Many of these loans , because they were for longer terms , have taken longer to hit the market than the residential loans that blew up in 2007 , but they bear disturbingly similar characteristics .
Widespread commercial real estate losses in the coming months threaten to destroy any gains Wall Street has seen during the last year .
This threat has many analysts predicting a rise in the number of banks going belly up .
More than 170 banks have failed since the beginning of the recession .
To put that in perspective , only three banks failed between July 2004 and December 2007 .
And the bank closures show no signs of slowing down .
In October the feds shut down 20 banks , the most of any month since 1994 .
Some analysts have predicted that as many as 1,000 banks will have imploded by the time the economy recovers .
The glass - half - full banking results that the administration has been touting have been based largely on government support that masks significant losses .
" These banks are going through a terrible , terrible period of loss , but we have nicely disguised it , " says Christopher Whalen , managing director of the financial markets research group Institutional Risk Analytics .
" Third - quarter bank profits were short - term , subsidy - supported profits . "
The Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) and various Federal Reserve actions have put surviving banks on federal life support , especially if they 're part of the lucky few deemed too big to fail .
The bailout policies of the current and last administration have sent a signal to the market that big banks can be trusted , and are therefore worthy of loans at much cheaper interest rates .
Cheaper credit means more profits , and bigger surviving banks .
In October the Center for Economic and Policy Research released a study finding that the credit risk guarantee had provided up to $ 34.1 billion in benefits to the nation 's top 18 banks .
The report looked at the gap between the interest rates paid by big banks and those paid by small banks .
Adjusting for the fact that big banks normally get better rates , the numbers show that bank profits are largely a product of the too - big - to - fail guarantee .
The report estimated that cheap credit accounted for 166 percent of Capital One 's profits over the past year — i.e. , the bank really did n't make any money on its own .
Without this subsidy and the TARP loans , both of which are politically unpopular , many large banks would be in bankruptcy or receivership today .
" What happens when you remove those supports ? " Wells Fargo 's Silvia asks .
" It is problematic . "
Banks are aware of this problem .
Interbank lending remains limited as confidence problems continue to plague the financial industry .
" There is no grease in the engine in terms of bank credit or trade credit , " CreditRiskMonitor.com CEO Jerry Flum told The Institutional Risk Analyst in October .
The goal of the TARP capital injections was to get the lending engine going , but banks have largely been sitting on the money , holding increased excess reserves .
With so much money sitting idle , cash flow is a major concern for banks and their customers .
It is unclear when the market will see stability again , and until new operational norms emerge banks are likely to remain tight with their cash .
With the administration now promoting the biggest banking regulatory overhaul since the 1930s , the uncertainty will likely continue .
Bank analyst Joe Engelhard warns ,
" The regulation overhaul process has created a cloud of uncertainty for investors and institutions over what the new normal will be for profitability at large banks . "
In December the House of Representatives passed the Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act , creating a permanent bailout fund and legal authority for the government to take over any financial institution , whereas regulators now only have that power over banks .
The bill includes requirements that banks keep higher amounts of cash on hand relative to risk , places tight new restrictions on derivative products , and limits executive pay .
The legislation also would create a Consumer Financial Protection Agency to strictly regulate products and operating policy , which may end up protecting small businesses and economic growth to death .
All of this is disconcerting to banks trying to get back on their feet .
David Parshall , general partner at private equity secondary PEI Funds , warns that badly designed changes could hurt the economy even more than the uncertainty about them .
More extensive reporting requirements , tighter capital regulations , and proposed powers to break up banks would all increase the cost of doing business and hobble the recovery , Parshall says .
And continuing to waffle on regulatory reform means the markets will waffle as well .
There is a vicious circle here .
Uncertainty breeds hoarding , hoarding breeds liquidity problems for manufacturers and small businesses , liquidity problems create unemployment problems , and unemployment hurts the broader market that banks operate in .
If none of this changes , the Federal Reserve will likely keep interest rates effectively at zero , which in turn will incentivize banks to build their reserves .
All of the above will likely induce the president and Congress to push for more of the unsound lending practices that helped inflate the housing bubble in the first place .
" If we do n't get a turn in unemployment , " Whalen worries , " if we do n't get a recovery in housing and the real economy , then we 're going to see even higher credit loss experience for banks , even after next year .
It 'll keep on going . "
Make Today 's Problems Today 's Problems
Whether the economy recovers quickly in 2010 , stagnates for a while , or stumbles into the dreaded W - shaped double - dip recession , the policy response will depend on a calculus between short - term and long - term pain .
The more Washington kicks the can down the road on spending , housing , and banking , the more long - term troubles the American economy will face .
Obviously , giving federal money to consumers can be politically popular , just as bailing out bankrupt states can be politically expedient for politicians who depend on support from public - sector unions .
But these short - term gimmicks do not lead to sustainable economic growth .
And the president himself has indicated that the free money days might be coming to an end .
" It is important though to recognize if we keep on adding to the debt , even in the midst of this recovery , that at some point , people could lose confidence in the U.S. economy in a way that could actually lead to a double - dip recession , " he said in November .
The Congressional Budget Office has projected that by the end of 2019 the U.S. will have nearly doubled its debt to more than $ 17 trillion , or 82 percent of GDP .
And that 's before dealing with the peak of baby boomers draining Social Security and Medicare funds .
And it 's not just government capital rapidly draining away .
The administration 's political capital took a massive hit in January when an unknown Republican won Teddy Kennedy 's old Senate seat in overwhelmingly Democratic Massachusetts .
The president is running out of other people 's money and with it the chance to maintain his Potemkin case that the economy is recovering .
" My guess is that the first two quarters of 2010 are not going to look as good as [ 2009 's third ] quarter , " Joe Engelhard predicts .
" We 're probably gonna go sideways for a while . "
Anthony Randazzo ( anthony.randazzo@reason.org ) is director of economic research for the Reason Foundation , which publishes this magazine .
Bob McDonnell , above , attempts to distance himself from Ken Cuccinelli 's statement about President Obama 's citizenship .
McDonnell distances himself from AG
Virginia GOP Gov. Bob McDonnell tried to make clear Monday that he does not agree with a suggestion by close ally , state Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli , that President Barack Obama was not born in United States .
Cuccinelli also distanced himself from his earlier words Monday , saying he was speaking hypothetically .
Advertisement
The liberal Virginia blogger “ Not Larry Sabato ” on Monday posted an audio clip of Cuccinelli saying it was “ possible ” that he might “ challenge ” a federal law as illegitimate because “ someone qualified to be president did n’t sign it . ”
“ Someone is going to have to come forward with nailed down testimony that he was born in place B , wherever that is , ” the attorney general said .
“ You know , the speculation is Kenya .
And that does n’t seem beyond the realm of possibility . ”
The date of the recording was not known .
Cuccinelli campaigned closely with McDonnell and the two frequently appear together at political events .
Additionally , Cuccinelli was one of the biggest supporters of McDonnell ’s decision to sign an executive order lifting workplace protections for the state ’s gay employees .
McDonnell later reversed the executive order .
Asked by POLITICO for a response to Cuccinelli ’s comments , McDonnell ’s spokeswoman Stacy Johnson originally said that “ All questions should be directed to the Office of the Attorney General . ”
Pressed on the close tie the two politicians have shared , Johnson responded : “ The president was born in the United States .
This is a non-issue and we will have no further comment . ”
In a statement Monday , Cuccinelli said : “ I absolutely believe that President Obama was born in the United States .
I do n’t buy into the claims that he was n’t .
On the recording , I was asked a hypothetical legal question , and I gave a hypothetical legal answer in response . ”
“ As I said previously , this issue was not a part of my campaign , and it is not part of what I am doing now as attorney general , ” he added .
The Last of Us Part 2 : PS4 Pro Limited Edition Unboxing
*
**
***
****
Klicken Sie auf das Bild , um Bedienelemente einzublenden !
Dies verschwindet nach 10 Sekunden und wird noch mal angezeigt . !
Nur das Bild zeigen .
X Bedienungshinweise Navigationshilfen ... werden sichtbar , wenn Sie mit der Maus in die oberen 300 oder unteren 50 Pixel gehen .
Oben : Oben finden Sie Vorschaubilder zur Navigation .
Oben links und rechts in den Ecken können Sie die Vorschaubilder seitenweise überspringen .
Unten , von links nach rechts .
Start / Stop der Diashow , An den Anfang / Bild zurück / Bild vor /
An das Ende . Optionen zur Vergrößerung und Verkleinerung der Bilder ( Skalierung ) .
Die Einstellung der Pausendauer .
i blendet den Bildtitel ein. b Bildseite einblenden .
ESC Beenden der Diashow .
Skalierung : Ja : Das Bild wird so angepaßt , daß es noch auf den Bildschirm paßt - bei Bedarf wird es vergrößert oder verkleinert .
Kleiner : Das Bild wird so angepaßt , daß es noch auf den Bildschirm paßt .
Dabei wird es nur verkleinert , nie vergrößert .
2x : Das Bild maximal auf die zweifache Fläche vergrößert , nie aber verkleinert .
Nie : Das Bild wird exakt in den Maßen dargestellt , für die es gedacht ist .
Übergroße Bilder werden angeschnitten .
Tastatur : Leertaste : Start / Stop . Links / Rechts : Zurück und Vor. Pos1 bzw .
Home / Rechts : Erstes / Letztes .
Tab : Geht die Skalierungsoptionen durch .
Punkt : Blendet den Bildtitel aus .
Minus : Verläßt die Diashow .
X
Frame Schließen
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Two Israeli soldiers have been killed during clashes with Hamas fighters on the Gaza Strip 's southern border , the Israeli army has said .
Two other soldiers were wounded during the fighting which broke out east of the town of Khan Younis .
Two Palestinian militants were also killed in the clashes inside the Gaza Strip , sources say .
During the clashes , a BBC correspondent says it appears there may have been an opportunistic bid to seize a soldier .
According to Palestinian sources , Israeli forces used tank shells and heavy machine guns , our correspondent adds .
ANALYSIS By Jon Donnison
BBC News , Ramallah
These clashes came around an attempt by militant groups in Gaza to capture another Israeli soldier to add to Gilad Shalit who has now been held for more than three years .
Local sources in Gaza say fighting broke out after an Israel incursion into the southern Gaza strip .
Such incursions are relatively frequent in this area .
It appears that militants in Gaza then tried to capture at least one Israeli soldier .
The militant wing of Hamas and another militant group , Islamic Jihad , has claimed responsibility .
It could be that members of both groups were involved .
There has recently been a period of growing tension along the border with Gaza .
There have been a number of rocket attacks with the Israelis hitting back using airstrikes and other means of retaliation .
If the past is any guide , a further military response can now also be expected .
In a statement , reported by the AFP news agency , an Israeli government spokesman said : " An officer and a soldier were killed and two others slightly wounded in an exchange of fire with terrorists planting explosives along the security fence in southern Gaza " .
The two men killed were named by Israel 's Haaretz newspaper as Eliraz Peretz , 31 , and 21 - year - old Ilan Sebiatkovsky .
They are the first Israeli soldiers to have been killed in hostile fire in or around Gaza since Israel 's major offensive there in January 2009 , our correspondent says .
Over the same period , about 90 Palestinians in Gaza have been killed in a mixture of Israeli military operations and border clashes , according to the UN .
Hamas ' armed wing - the al - Qassam Brigades - said in a statement sent to the BBC that it had killed the two Israeli soldiers .
Speaking to Reuters news agency , Hamas spokesman Abu Obeida is quoted as saying : " This was our work , but was carried out for defence . "
A ceasefire between Israel and Islamist militant group Hamas , which governs Gaza , has largely held since the 2008 - 2009 conflict with Israel .
Gaza - from which Israel withdrew in 2005 - remains under an Israeli - led blockade , and Israel retains control of most of its borders , its coastline and airspace .
Israel 's military said it blamed Hamas for Friday 's violence .
" Hamas is accountable for any activity that takes place from Gaza to Israel .
It does n't matter if it took responsibility or not , " a spokeswoman said , according to Reuters .
Army spokeswoman Avital Leibovich described the killings of Israel soldiers as both " tragic " and " painful " .
" I think it 's true to say that this is one of the fiercest days we have had since operation Cast Lead happened , " she said , referring to Israel 's 22 - day offensive .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Begawei.com adalah website berita teknologi yang diambil dari kata ‘ Gawai ’ yang menurut Kamus Besar Bahasa Indonesia artinya ‘ Alat ’ .
Hal tersebut menjadi salah satu filosofi kami untuk membuat media online sebagai alat mengabarkan dan memberikan informasi maupun berita teknologi terbaru mengenai gawai seperti handphone , smartphone , notebook , dan kompter yang saat ini merupakan gawai yang saat ini mayoritas digunakan oleh masyarakat Indonesia baik itu untuk menjalin hubungan sosial , berkomunikasi maupun untuk bekerja di kehidupan modern ini .
Tentunya dengan adanya Begawei.com sebagai website berita teknologi terbaru di Indonesia , maka informasi teknologi anda semakin tercerahkan .
Sebagai salah satu website berita teknologi terbesar di Indonesia yang sudah hadir untuk masyarakat Indonesia sejak tahun 2014 , dalam perkembangannya kami konsisten untuk membangun website seputar berita teknologi dan informasi gawai meliputi review hp , notebook , maupun komputer terbaru yang hadir di Indonesia .
Untuk memenuhi kebutuhan masyarakat Indonesia yang haus akan berita teknologi , maka kami setiap hari akan terus memberikan informasi teknologi terbaru sesuai dengan perkembangan teknologi di dunia maupun Indonesia yang terus tumbuh .
Begawei.com menyediakan segala informasi handphone , smartphone , notebook , dan komputer atau gawai terbaru lainnya yang saat ini hadir di dunia maupun di Indonesia .
Apabila anda ingin melihat harga hp terbaru dari brand terkenal di dunia seperti Apple , Samsung , Xiaomi , dan Oppo maka akan dengan mudah menemukan informasinya di Begawei.com .
Selain itu , informasi mengenai spesifikasi hp juga kami berikan dengan lengkap untuk anda sehingga bagi anda yang ingin membeli handphone maupun smartphone mengetahui dengan detail mengenai kelebihan dan kekurangan hp tersebut .
Mengetahui spesifikasi hp tentunya sangat bermanfaat karena bisa mengetahui komponen - komponen yang menyertai handphone maupun smartphone tersebut seperti Kamera , CPU , GPU , Body , GPS , RAM , Memori , Layar , dan lainnya yang tentunya menjadi pertimbangan utama masyarakat membeli hp terbaru selain dari harga hp itu sendiri .
Berita HP Terbaru di Indonesia
Sebagai media online yang menyediakan berita teknologi terbaru maka dalam bahasan setiap harinya sangat melekat dengan berita hp terbaru yang setiap waktu selalu berubah mengikuti dengan perkembangan handphone dan smartphone yang semakin maju dengan dukungan dari puluhan brand baik dari dunia maupun Indonesia yang saat ini memasarkan produk handphone maupun smartphonenya di Indonesia .
Dengan mengakses Begawei.com maka anda akan mengetahui berita hp terbaru baik itu mengenai rumor hp yang akan dirilis di dunia maupun Indonesia atau tentang hp terbaru yang sudah meluncur di Indonesia .
Dengan adanya Begawei.com sebagai website berita teknologi nomor satu di Indonesia diharapkan semua masyarakat Indonesia mengetahui berita hp terbaru yang setiap saat semakin berkembang .
Disini anda akan menemukan informasi lengkap mengenai rumor maupun handphone dan smartphone terbaru yang sudah beredar di Indonesia .
Review HP Terbaru dan Gadget Terbaik di Indonesia
Selain berita teknologi terbaru mengenai hp , notebook , komputer , maupun gadget lainnya kami juga menghadirkan review hp terbaru untuk masyarakat Indonesia dengan bahasan yang lengkap dan terperinci yaitu membahas mengenai desain , dapur pacu , memori , kamera , konektivitas , baterai , kelebihan dan kekurangan hp , sampai dengan harga hp terbaru .
Selain itu juga dalam review kami menghadirkan tabel spesifikasi yang merinci dari komponen - komponen yang disematkan pada hp terbaru tersebut .
Untuk melengkapi review di Begawei.com kami juga menyertakan gambar lengkap sehingga anda bisa mengetahui bentuk dari handphone maupun smartphone tersebut sebelum anda membelinya .
Dengan membuka Begawei.com maka anda akan mengetahui berita teknologi terbaru yang saat ini berkembang di dunia maupun Indonesia .
Dengan dukungan tim yang solid kami akan terus mengabarkan berita teknologi terbaru maupun review hp dan gadget lainnya kepada masyarakat Indonesia , sehingga masyarakat semakin memiliki pilihan yang beragam untuk memilih gadget sebagai pendamping hidupnya untuk aktivitas komunikasi , sosial maupun bekerja .
Segala informasi mengenai smartphone terbaru , handphone terbaru , hp terbaru murah akan mudah ditemukan disini karena Begawei.com mengkhususkan diri sebagai website berita teknologi Indonesia nomor satu yang akan terus mengabarkan informasi teknologi terbaru dan terbaik kepada masyarakat Indonesia .
My last two posts have been about walking meditation :
Freshen Up Your Practice with Walking Meditation
Some More Helpful Tips on Walking Meditation
I thought it would be appropriate to end this particular series on walking mediation with the “ Zen poetry , ” so to speak , of my heart teacher , Thich Nhat Hanh .
There are so many dharma teachers I love and appreciate , in every single school of Buddhism , but I ’ve never had any teacher speak to my heart the way Thây does .
Thây ( his students ’ affectionate name for him ) is a wonderful poet , and his poetic way with words is always reflected in how he talks about and explains Buddhism .
I think that ’s why his books and teachings have proven so accessible to so many people , whether or not they are Buddhists .
He speaks to all our hearts ; he speaks to the very heart of humanity with total compassion and wisdom .
And our heart ’s naturally respond .
So , open your heart up to this brief teaching on walking meditation .
It ’s less about the detail , the skillful techniques of the previous posts , and more about the spirit we can bring to walking — and indeed all the activities of our lives .
I ’ve seen
Thây walk in person on retreat ; he walks like one would imagine the Buddha would have walked — with complete mindfulness , presence , and compassion .
And if you asked him to teach you , he ’d take your hand , look at you with eyes of limitless compassion and say , “ My dear friend .
Come walk with me .
Come walk like a Buddha .
Peace is every step . ”
Walking Meditation
Thich Nhat Hanh from “ Peace is Every Step ”
Walking meditation can be very enjoyable .
We walk slowly , alone or with friends , if possible in some beautiful place .
Walking meditation is really to enjoy the walking — walking not in order to arrive , but just to walk .
The purpose is to be in the present moment and , aware of our breathing and our walking , to enjoy each step .
Therefore we have to shake off all worries and anxieties , no thinking of the future , not thinking of the past , just enjoying the present moment .
We can take the hand of a child as do it .
We walk , we make steps as if we are the happiest person on Earth .
Although we walk all the time , our walking is usually more like running .
When we walk like that , we print anxiety and sorrow on the Earth .
We have to walk in a way that we only print peace and serenity on the Earth .
We can all do this , provided that we want it very much .
Any child can do it .
If we can take one step like this , we can take two , three , four , and five .
When we are able to take one step peacefully and happily , we are working for the cause of peace and happiness for the whole of humankind .
Walking meditation is a wonderful practice .
When we do walking meditation outside , we walk a little slower than our normal pace , and we coordinate our breathing with our steps .
For example , we may take three steps with each in - breath and three steps with each out - breath .
So we can say , “ In , in , in .
Out , out , out . ”
“ In ” is to help us to identify the in - breath .
Every time we call something by its name , we make it more real , like saying the name of a friend .
If your lungs want four steps instead of three , please given them four steps .
If they only want two steps , given them two .
The length of your in - breath and out - breath do not have to be the same .
For example , you can take three steps with each inhalation and four with each exhalation .
If you feel happy , peaceful , and joyful while you are walking , you are practicing correctly .
Be aware of the contact between your feet and the Earth .
Walk as if you are kissing the Earth with your feet .
We have caused a lot of damage to the Earth .
Now it is time to take good care of her .
We bring our peace and calm to the surface of the Earth and share the lesson of love .
We walk in that spirit .
From time to time , when we see something beautiful , we may want to stop and look at it — a tree , a flower , some children playing .
As we look , we continue to follow our breathing , lest we lose the beautiful flower and get caught up in our thoughts .
When we want to resume walking , we just start again .
Each step we take will create a cool breeze , refreshing our body and mind .
Every step makes a flower bloom under our feet .
We can do it only if we do not think of the future and the past , if we know that life can only be found in the present moment .
37.871593 -122.272747
in
It took a couple of days to digest it all , but , after a bit of thought , my take on the Vancouver Olympics is really quite simple :
It was an absolute blast .
And the most impressive thing about these Winter Games had nothing to do with the sporting events themselves .
Rather , it was the people - both locals and visitors - out on the streets partying and celebrating all day and all night over the entire duration of the Games .
Strange as it may seem for those who never got a chance to visit Vancouver over the past couple of weeks , the highlight of these Games was not , in fact , Canada winning more gold medals than anyone else has ever won in a single Winter Games .
No , the unequivocal highlight was the party and amazing atmosphere out on those streets .
Well , that and Sunday 's gold medal hockey game , of course .
Dancing In The Streets
Whatever you may think about the government 's incredible ability to come up with billions of dollars for sporting events while pleading poverty whenever it comes to properly funding education , social programs , etc. , and whatever you may have thought of the aggressive " win at all costs " stance of the Own the Podium program , there 's simply no denying the joy out on the streets of Vancouver over the past two weeks .
Simply put , Vancouver has never before been such a fun place to be .
Not even close .
I mean , wandering up and down Granville and Robson streets and around Yaletown on Friday and Saturday nights together with literally hundreds of thousands of drunken , happy revellers was an absolute thrill .
Yes , there may have been one or two minor incidents reported in the press , but I was there with my wife and our 4 - year - old son and the vibe was nothing but positive and it felt absolutely safe ... and we were there past midnight ( and , yes , that 's right all you uptight , worried , repressed , anally retentive types , my 4 - year - old son was indeed out with the drunken hordes past midnight ... and he had a blast too ! ) .
Sure , some of the nationalistic pride could feel a little over the top at times , but , seriously , there was nothing like the thrill of wandering those downtown streets with all those drunken , joy - filled , red - and - white clad crowds screaming and singing " Oh Canada " .
The only thing I 've experienced here in Canada that even comes close to that festive joyful mood was when the Blue Jays won their first World Series championship in 1992 and I was in a bar in downtown Toronto and then out on the streets celebrating with an estimated one million people .
But that was just one night , while this street celebration here in Vancouver went on for two full weeks .
And , importantly , it was festive and joyful even before Canada really started winning a lot of medals in the second week .
This is not just my impression , however .
I 've heard numerous interviews with both foreign and local athletes and media speaking of how these games were different and how in most previous Olympic cities the joy was mainly just concentrated around the venues .
Not in Vancouver .
Hockey Heroics
The overall highlight may have been the spirit out on the streets , but the single most exciting moment for all Canadians had to be Sunday 's amazing hockey game and , in particular , that absolutely awesome overtime goal by Sidney Crosby .
That was , without a doubt , the single most exciting moment I 've ever experienced watching sports .
And I 've watched a lot of sports in my life !
Actually , I 'd say the entire tournament featured some of the best hockey I 've ever seen , whether we 're talking about the Americans ' surprising play throughout , the equally surprising Slovaks or simply that gold medal game between Canada and America ( definitely one of the greatest games of all time ) .
To my mind , Olympic hockey is almost always superior to NHL hockey , at least since 1998 , when NHL players were finally allowed to participate .
Not only do you have the best players in the world out on the ice , but you do n't have the constant , senseless , momentum - draining scrums and fights .
They just play the game .
Interestingly , they say Sunday 's game was the most watched TV program in Canadian history , with 80 % of Canadians ( 26.5 million ) watching at least part of the game .
The second most watched program in Canadian history ?
Sunday 's closing ceremony .
Some Other Highlights :
Joannie Rochette , the inspiration of the games , skating to a bronze medal only days after the sudden death of her mother .
Canada 's 2 - 0 win over the Americans in the women 's gold medal hockey game .
Jon Montgomery 's beer - swilling victory march through Whistler after winning gold in skeleton .
All those free concerts .
Stephen Colbert 's comical take on the city , the country and the Games .
And , finally , Neil Young playing " Long May You Run " at the closing ceremonies as they extinguished the flame .
Suspect Norwegians
Before I go I just want to ask one question :
What the #* % $ is up with those bloody Norwegians ?!
Somehow , Norway , a nation of just 4.5 million people , continues to defy all logical explanations with their performance in each and every Winter Olympics .
Not only did they finish these games with the fourth largest medal haul - with a total of 23 medals - but they also remain the all - time leaders in both total medals and gold medals .
I mean , 4.5 million people - WTF ?
You could say they 're a northern nation , but so is Finland ( 5 medals - 5.5 million people ) and Sweden ( 11 medals - close to 10 million people ) and Russia ( 15 medals - 142 million people ) .
Seriously , what 's up with the Norwegians ?
Perhaps it 's all the mercury in their fish ?
Or maybe it 's just their Viking blood ?
Whatever it is , they sure are an enigma .
But , enigmatic Norwegians notwithstanding , the fact remains it 's been a incredible couple of weeks .
Mike Cowie ( Oredakedo )
Tuesday , March 2nd , 2010
And check out this older piece about one of my hockey heroes : The Magnificent Mario Lemieux Rave
And then check out these other recent rants and raves :
Biggest Dicks of The Decade : 2000 - 2009
My Picks For The Top 100 Films of The Decade
The Top Albums , Songs and Artists of the Decade
For more on sports visit the Sports Homepage
In an interesting move that is much different than that of the weigh - in policies across the country , the Massachusetts State Athletic Commission has approved an initiative to hold double weigh - ins :
The Massachusetts " double weigh - in " provision calls for a fighter to be weighed in no more than 36 hours before his fight and again on the night of the fight .
The fighter cannot weigh more than 1.0625 times his initial weight on the second weigh - in .
The formula means the higher the weight , the higher the allowable weight gain .
For example , a fighter contracted to fight at 135 pounds can’t come in higher than 143.4375 pounds on fight night , 170 pounders cannot exceed 180.625 , 205 pounders cannot exceed 217.8125 pounds , etc .
The provision was voted upon during an emergency vote as the commission 's power to regulate combat sports in the state came into power on March 1st .
Since the state had no regulations regarding mixed martial arts on the books , the vote was passed in an emergency session and will only be in place for ninety days .
Within the period however , it 's likely the state athletic commission will formulate a more permanent set of regulations .
While Marc Ratner , the UFC ’s vice president of regulatory affairs , stated that it likely wo n't deter the UFC from visiting cities like Boston , he also noted that North Carolina has a similar rule in which fighters can't weight more than 13 pounds over their weight limit at fight time .
The promotion will head to North Carolina for UFC Fight Night 21 at the end of March .
Many fighters within the promotion wo n't be affected , especially those within the confines of the WEC -- but fighters such as Thiago Alves , Georges St. Pierre , and a few other welterweights and heavyweights could be affected .
At 170 pounds , a fighter is only allowed to gain around 10 pounds between the two weigh - ins .
It 's been rumored in the past that St. Pierre beefs back up to 185 after weigh - ins , and that type of gain would have to be stopped .
Brock Lesnar and any other large heavyweight cutting down to 265 will also have some problems as the maximum weight allowed is 281 pounds .
Reports have indicated that Lesnar has ballooned to 290 pounds , and Shane Carwin has even been quoted as stating he 'd balloon to 290 pounds as well .
There are plenty of other fighters that fall into the same category , but will this actually be a problem for some of these fighters ?
It could , but it 's more than likely not going to be an issue .
Most of these fighters could simply gain the weight back , and only cut around 4 - 5 pounds in the sauna before the second weigh - in .
Whether or not that would actually hinder their performance in the cage is another question .
The UFC could simply avoid stacking those cards with fighters they have knowledge will have problems with that sort of regulation , so it should n't be a real problem for that promotion .
It 'll be interesting to see if some of the bigger name fighters are left off those cards , and whether the commission will end up nixing the provision in order to gain those bigger names and revenues .
Update by Brent Brookhouse : I have a piece on this up on SB Nation .
In it I take a look at the very real , very scary potential health problems that are created by this double weigh - in .
ROME — Defending itself against a growing child sexual abuse scandal in Europe , one that has even come close to the brother of Pope Benedict XVI , the Vatican said Tuesday that local European churches had addressed the issue with “ timely and decisive action . ”
In a note read on Vatican Radio , the Vatican spokesman , the Rev. Federico Lombardi , cautioned against limiting the concerns over child sexual abuse to Roman Catholic institutions , noting that the problem also affected the broader society .
A wave of church sexual abuse scandals has emerged in recent weeks in Germany , Austria , and the Netherlands , adding to the fallout from a broad abuse investigation in Ireland .
In his note , Father Lombardi said local churches had demonstrated “ a desire for transparency , and in a certain sense , accelerated the emergence of the problem by inviting victims to speak out , even when the cases involved dates from many years ago , ” he said .
Here ’s a new story from me on the Senate Parliamentarian who ’ll be refereeing the process of reconciliation on health care reform .
Apparently , Republicans — and keep in mind , Alan Frumin was hired by Trent Lott — are n’t waiting for the process to begin .
They ’re preemptively calling his foul .
Gov. Sarah Palin appeared on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno Tuesday , delivering a round of stand - up comedy while praising the Tea Party and Fox News Channel .
She called the Tea Party , “ A beautiful movement . ”
Leno ’s audience delivered several rounds of applause , notably when Palin spoke about tax cuts .
Notes The Huffington Post :
Leno asked Palin what she thinks about joining the media by becoming a Fox News analyst .
Palin told Leno that she ’s there to build trust in the media .
“ I think that the mainstream media is quite broken and I think that there needs to be the fairness , the balance in there .
That ’s why I joined Fox . ”
Leno laughed .
When asked about the “ beautiful ” Tea Party movement , Palin described it as a group of “ many , many independent people , not excessively partisan , not one side or another . ”
Palin acknowledged that if the movement were to become a political party that it would probably hurt Republicans .
As part of her standup routine , Palin told Leno ’s audience she planned to speak at a gun-rights convention : “ Be there or else , ” she warned them .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from NBC’s The Tonight Show , broadcast March 2 , 2010 .
Part 1
Part 2
From David Simon and George Pelecanos ( The Wire ) , comes Treme , set in New Orleans post - Hurricane Katrina .
A group of residents strive to rebuild their lives without losing sight of the music and cultural traditions that make them , and the city , so unique .
President Barack Obama has vacillated between his pragmatic legislative instincts and the power of populist messages .
| AP photo composite by POLITICO Obama 's mixed Wall St. message
When President Barack Obama unveiled new restrictions on banks last month , he warned that the industry would fight it and vowed : “ If these folks want a fight , it ’s a fight I ’m ready to have . ”
Tough talk , but it was hard to know how seriously to take it , because the president has sent a series of conflicting messages about Wall Street and a host of other big special interests he vowed to confront when he came to office .
Advertisement
In a Dec. 13 interview with “ 60 Minutes , ” for instance , Obama described Wall Street chieftains derisively , calling them “ fat cat bankers . ”
The next day , after meeting privately at the White House with some of those bankers , the president emerged to announce that he had had a “ candid and productive meeting with the CEOs of 12 of our nation ’s largest financial institutions ” and that he was n’t interested in “ vilifying any one person or institution or industry . ”
Throughout his first year in office , Obama has vacillated between his pragmatic legislative instincts and the power of populist messages that can prompt cheers from his progressive base .
In the health care debate , Obama did n’t go after insurers until August — after the tea partiers drew blood during the summer town hall meetings .
The contrast between those two messages and governing models has grown only more intense in recent months as independent voters joined the ranks of the disenchanted and began to pose an increasing threat to Obama ’s congressional majorities .
Doug Schoen , a Democratic adviser who served in the Clinton administration , is sympathetic to the White House ’s struggle to show empathy with angry voters while resisting extreme policy proposals .
But he does n’t think the strategy will work .
“ By playing class - based politics , you do n’t win votes .
While you may rev up the base temporarily , it ’s not ultimately good politics or good government , ” said Schoen .
And , worse still , “ by gyrating back and forth from being a populist to being a responsible centrist , it makes him look synthetic , not believable , because there is no consistent view , ” he added .
Jen Psaki , a White House spokeswoman , asserted that the president ’s messages have been consistent , but “ you can be frustrated and you can be angry and be outraged , which the president is ” when it comes to Wall Street ’s quick return to big bonuses and oversize compensation packages .
“ But there is also a need to continue to grow the economy , and that ’s why it ’s important that we continue to work with the business community , ” she added .
Obama ’s message has been especially contradictory in the run-up to the Senate debate over a proposal to revamp regulatory oversight of the financial services industry , an issue expected to come to the floor this week .
In addition to the jarring shift in tone after the December “ 60 Minutes ” interview , Obama on Jan. 6 previewed a new bank tax with reporters , saying “ financial firms play an essential role in our economy ” and that the purpose of the tax was “ not to punish the financial industry ” but simply to recover the bailout funds .
A week later , while officially unveiling the plan , a defiant president grabbed headlines by declaring : “ We want our money back , and we ’re gonna get it ! ”
The president was still in a combative mood a week later , when he unveiled new reforms to rein in banks and labeled the latest round of bonuses “ obscene . ”
But two weeks later , the president told Bloomberg News that he did n’t “ begrudge ” the $ 26 million in bonuses awarded to Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan and Lloyd Blankfein of Goldman Sachs .
“ I know both those guys ; they are very savvy businessmen , ” Obama said , setting off a scramble by White House blog writers to try to explain the contraction .
The fluctuating messages have infuriated bank executives , who say they ’ve been sandbagged and exploited by the White House , even though many are open to some new regulations and a few have even conceded the bank tax is a small price to pay for removing them from the public ’s hit list .
A case in point :
The same week Obama held out the bankers as an example of an intransigent special interest in his State of the Union speech , the White House had quietly called on them to dispatch their “ phalanx of lobbyists ” — as Obama has dubbed them — to salvage his reappointment of Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke .
The White House is n’t likely to lose sleep over hurt feelings among the bankers .
But the administration is monitoring a more troubling trend : Polls show voters increasingly believe that Obama has failed to stand up to special interests or that he ’s more concerned about those interests than average people .
A poll commissioned by campaign finance advocates last month found that a majority of both Democrats and Republicans say special interests have gained rather than lost influence since Obama took office .
“ People think special interests are dominant , ” said Stan Greenberg , a leading Democratic pollster who worked with Republican pollster Mark McKinnon .
Before Republican Sen. Scott Brown ’s victory in the Massachusetts special election , Democracy Corps , Greenberg ’s research group , surveyed independent voters and found that 49 percent of them said Obama and the Democratic Congress were more concerned with bailing out Wall Street than with creating jobs , while 41 percent disagreed with that .
Those voters , by 48 percent to 16 percent , said Obama “ puts Wall Street ahead of the middle class . ”
After Obama ’s State of the Union speech , in which he bemoaned the bailout and highlighted the bank tax and financial regulatory reform , the percentage of independents who said Obama was more concerned with Wall Street than with the middle class plummeted 50 points .
“ Obama ’s strong words for the banks clearly resonated , ” the researchers concluded .
But Democracy
Corps found reason for caution in its post - speech polling as well .
“ For these voters whose attitudes shifted from disapproval to approval of Obama ’s performance as president , one consistent question remained : Can he deliver ?
Unlike most attributes that shifted during the speech , ‘ promises things that sound good but wo n’t be able to get them done ’ remained very high , registering at 78 percent before the speech and 74 percent after it , ” the report said .
That is raising the stakes on Obama to deliver not just on health care reform but also on jobs and regulation reform .
An unanswered question for now is whether Obama ’s inconsistent treatment of the banks has provoked greater resistance to his Wall Street regulation reform proposals .
Republican leaders certainly seem to think it has .
House Minority Leader John Boehner has been openly courting Wall Street , asking bank executives to shift their political giving to reward Republicans who oppose the Democratic proposals .
Glen Bolger , a Republican polling expert who worked on a bipartisan survey that found results similar to those of Democracy Corps , said Obama is risking being seen as “ just another politician who could n’t or would n’t stand up to the special interests . ”
Still , Bolger sees a potential escape hatch for Obama and congressional Democrats : an improved economy .
“ America is a lot more forgiving if the economy is doing well , ” said Bolger .
But failure to pass regulation reform and other legislative priorities “ will be another brick in the wall if the economy is n’t doing well , ” he added .
Originally posted on Washington Wire .
The congressional panel investigating the financial crisis announced the witness list for next week ’s much - anticipated three - day hearing focusing on who ’s to blame for the subprime lending fiasco .
Former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan highlights the list of witnesses , as expected .
He ’ll be the first witness to face the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission on Wednesday — and the only witness from the Fed .
He ’s likely to be grilled over the central bank ’s decision not to tighten up on the loose lending standards that many banks and mortgage companies were employing in the years leading up to the collapse .
Defaults on poorly - documented subprime mortgages undermined the value of many mortgage - related securities , and helped trigger the broader financial crisis in 2008 .
Greenspan already has cited the Fed ’s decisions on lending standards as his biggest regret from the meltdown .
He has said he thought the markets would be sufficiently vigilant to minimize the risk themselves .
But the growing practice of securitizing mortgages into increasingly complex instruments apparently diluted accountability among lenders and investors , and encouraged poor risk management .
Read the rest of this post on the original site .
Geraniums may hold the key to controlling the Japanese beetle , which feeds on nearly 300 plants and costs the ornamental plant industry $ 450 m damage each year , according to scientists with the Agricultural Research Service .
Geranium petals paralyse the beetle for up to a day , by which time a predator has often gobbled it up .
Meanwhile in the UK , the wildlife minister Huw Irranca - Davies has given the go - ahead for the release of the psyllid , an insect that will help stop the spread of Japanese knotweed , a devastating plant which costs the UK more than £ 150 m a year to control and clear Photograph : Stephen Ausmus / ARS
Micronations
Micronations ?
Are you wondering what that is ?
After micro-finance and micro-economics , what is a micronation of all things ?
It is exactly what the name sounds a like , a micro nation , which means that it is a tiny country all by it ’s own .
A micronation is a country which was started out by a small group of people and can at best be described as a home made country !
Home made countries are usually formed under very strange circumstances and these include a joke , a project and sometimes even as a form of protest against the establishment .
However , then again there are many micronations which have been formed as a project to cheat people or to avoid paying any kind of tax .
There are many micronations in the world which still exist and actually have a vivid history behind their existence .
Here are the twelve most bizarre micronations in the whole world today .
12 . Principality of Hutt River
This micronation was formed by Leonard George Casely in 1970 .
as befitting the description of a micronation , this place is barely 75 square kilometres in area .
It is a piece of farmland which is located near Northampton , a town in western Australia .
It came up as a form of protest when the government had forbidden Casely from selling as much wheat as he wanted to .
There was a quota which said that he could only sell 99 acres of wheat inspite e of having grown 9900 acres .
He seceded from the State under a law which allowed British colonies to seceded in such circumstances .
No political entity has recognized the principality as a sovereign state .
Hutt River has a navy inspite of the fact that it is a landlocked place .
11 . Conch Republic
This is another micronation which was formed due to circumstances of both jest as well as protest .
The Conch republic came into being on the 23rd of April 1982 .
A US border checkpoint has been established between the Florida keys and the main land .
There were reasons which were given to have made the checkpoint and these included the fact that there was a lot of illegal immigrants who were coming in from Cuba into the States .
There was also a lot of smuggling going on between Cuba and the Caribbean Islands .
Unfortunately , a gridlock was made on the only bridge which ever led to the Florida Keys .
As a result , tourism and other activities came to a standstill .
The Mayor , Denis Wardlow made himself the prime minister .
This was never a serious affair .
They have a national motto which goes : “ We Seceded Where Others Failed ” .
10 . Republic of Minerva
This was started by in 1971 a millionaire Michael Oliver who wanted to create an utopia with no taxes , state subsidies or even welfare .
Minerva is located in the Minerva reef between Tonga and New Zealand .
The island was created by putting in lots of sand into the reefs and thus bringing it above sea level .
Morris C. Davis was elected as the president but the nation was shortlived owing to the people from Tonga who said that the island was within their territory and brought in their soldiers for a forced eviction .
9. Sealand
This nation sparked off on an anti-aircraft platform offshore .
This was called HMS Roughs and was used in the Second World War to repudiate German aircraft laying mines .
It accommodated 107 English soldiers .
In 1967 , radio broadcaster called Paddy Roy Bates took over the place to make it his headquarters for his Radio Essex .
Since it is in international waters , following an acquittal , Bates made it the Principality of Sealand and gave it the motto E Mare , Libertas which means From the Sea , Freedom .
It still exists today and Bates ’ remaining family shoot randomly at passing boats in defence .
8. The Nation of Celestial Space
This is one of the craziest , when James Thomas Mangan claimed his previously unclaimed theory from the local board .
This included the entire Universe , excluding the Earth .
He even made coins and postage stamps for his nation in outer space .
7. Mollosia
A result of a school project by Kevin Baugh in 1977 , this is a parody of a dictatorship and is in northern Nevada .
He calls it the Enclave Nation and has a constitution and a national assembly .
Baugh uses martial law due to the “ foreign threat ” presented by the United States .
There are “ national ” laws forbidding arms , smoking and light bulbs which are incandescent .
It claims territory in Pennsylvania an north California as well as the deepest trench in the Pacific , called Neptune Deep along with Vesperia province in Venus .
6. Pitcairn Island
This has an amazing history connected to the Bounty Mutiny .
Captain Bligh was captured by his crew who wanted to stay on at Tahiti and not go back to England .
Some actually stayed there while others went to another island called Pitcairn in the southern part of Pacific Ocean .
Some descendants are still there and the place is regarded as an incorporated territory .
In 2003 , its population was 50 .
5 . The Grand Duchy of Westarctica
This is an unclaimed territory in Western Antarctica called Marie Byrd Island .
In 2001 Travis McHenry declared it to be a sovereign nation with himself as the ruler .
There are no full time citizens of that place and not much is known about it as of now .
4. Freetown Christiania
It was made in 1971 in Copenhagen at a military base which was long abandoned .
The founders were hippies and other liberals who wanted to create an utopian society .
Some say it is a free society while others claim it is overrun by drugs and rapists .
Though there are laws against firearms , drugs and cameras , there is no police force to enforce these laws .
At Pusher Street , marijuana and hash are sold in open stalls .
It is an official anarchy and many famous Danish writers and other artistes have come from there .
3. Rose Town
An Italian architect called Giorgio Rosa made a 400 sq. meter raised platform in the Adriatic Sea in 1968 .
He declared sovereignty and called it The Republic of Rose Island .
He wanted to print his own currency and soon was evicted by the Italian government .
Rosa then began printing his postage stamps from a “ Government in exile ” .
The platform was destroyed by the government by using explosives .
2. Aerican Empire
This empire was created in May 1987 .
The name is an obvious mockery of the word “ American ” .
The members have land across many different places in the world , including Australia , Montreal ( Canada ) , a colony on Mars , and other weird places like the north hemisphere of Pluto and other bizarre territories including a planet which is completely imaginary .
This empire was started by Eric Lis from Montreal along with a few friends .
1. Global Country of World Peace
The founder of this nation Maharishu Mahesh Yogi is very well known to all those who have grown up with The Beatles .
This man surely takes the cake for trying to desperately form a micronation at all costs .
GCWP has been offering over one billion US dollars to some of the small and impoverished countries across the whole world in return for some sovereignty on some part of their land .
The prime minister of this “ nation ” is Bevan Morris and the headquarters are in Iowa .
Tags : bizarre micronations , micronations , top bizarre micronations
Last week The Telegraph reported that more than 420,000 people had joined a Facebook group called ” Save Top Gear ” after fears emerged online that the popular BBC Two show might be axed .
This was despite the BBC confirming that a new series will be made and that “ Top Gear will be around for a long time yet ” .
[ / caption ]
Congressional legislators in Florida are mounting a campaign to extend space shuttle operations to 2015 , adding two flights each year .
U.S. Rep. Suzanne Kosmas said a bipartisan plan is in the works , which would require adding another $ 200 million to the NASA budget for 2010 and between $ 1.5 – $ 2 billion a year starting in the 2011 - 12 budget year .
“ We ’re not going to do anything that ’s not safe , ” Kosmas was quoted in Florida Today , adding that securing the funding would be difficult in tight budget times , but “ we ’re going to go for it , ” she said .
At Kennedy Space Center early Monday morning after Endeavour returned home safely following the STS - 130 mission , space shuttle program managers confirmed that while the shuttles are in good shape to continue flying , extending the program is not the direction their teams have been headed .
“ From a technical , engineering standpoint , there would be nothing stopping the vehicles from being able to fly , ” said space shuttle integration manager Mike Moses .
“ They have a lot of life in them .
We talk about the risks and hazards of flying , and that ’s a two edged sword .
Anytime you ’re launching into space is a risky proposition , but this is a vehicle that we understand its risks very well , and we ’ve learned how to work around the pieces that can cause us problems – the foam from Columbia is a good example .
We ’ve come a long way , if you look at the performance of the external tank since then , we have put a set of controls in place that have been paying off and really driving our risk numbers down . ”
“ So we could continue fly , ” Moses continued , ” and I ’m confident we could fly at the rate and the risk level we have been flying and it would n’t be hard to do .
But it becomes a political question :
Is that the right thing to do ?
And from a budgetary standpoint can you commit the resources of NASA to go continue to fly those vehicles ?
The direction that we ’re getting from ( NASA ) Headquarters is that we are going off to do bigger things and explore more .
Unfortunately the budgetary realities are we can’t continue to do everything and fly the shuttles as well .
So while it ’s hard to let go and shut down a program , that ’s the way the budget works out .
But if you want to turn it around you certainly could there is nothing technically that is stopping you from doing it . ”
Kosmas said the budget proposed by President Barack Obama ’s is not acceptable as is because it would cede the United States ’ leadership position in spaceflight in the short term — and possibly the long term .
The plan being drafted would direct NASA to examine ways to build a heavy - left rocket by salvaging work done in the Constellation program .
Obama ’s budget called for the end of Constellation , the architecture that would return astronauts to the moon .
Additionally , another part of the plan being drafted by Florida representatives would require NASA to report to Congress in several months with specific safety requirements for manned commercial rockets .
“ Congress is responding to the president ’s lack of specificity , lack of an action plan , lack of vision and direction , ” Kosmas said .
During my time at Kennedy Space Center the past few weeks , the feeling among NASA workers and contractors is that the space shuttles are now in the best shape they have ever been , and the risks and quirks of the vehicles are understood better than ever .
The cloud of job losses and a deteriorating economy now hangs over the workforce at KSC and the mood of the entire Space Coast is tentative at best .
The Augustine Commission recommended the shuttles would have to be recertified if they were to fly after 2010 , and Moses said that effectively , the work to recertify them has already been done , and if production on External Tanks and other the shuttles could possibly fly until 2020 .
It should be noted that Moses ’ and shuttle launch director Mike Leinbach did not bring up the issue of extending the shuttle program , but only were responding to questions asked by several journalists about the possibility of keeping the shuttle program going .
“ You guys are really fishing for me to say I want to keep flying the shuttles ! ”
Moses said , while Leinbach expounded more on the reality staring in the face of the workers at KSC , and warned against giving people any false hope .
“ We have been very consistent as an agency over the past several years about 2010 being the end of the shuttle program , ” Leinbach said .
“ We have not wavered from that .
There were people in the system that did n’t want to believe that .
But here we are in 2010 and the reality is starting to hit us .
Our direction to shut down the shuttle program after we finish the station is clear .
What is not clear is exactly what we are going on to next .
You guys are the ones who asked about extending the shuttle program , we did n’t sit up here and mention that .
We ’ve been very clear with the workforce .
It hurts , but they know it is coming .
Any talk of extension or anything like that is just … talk . ”
What are your views ?
Should the shuttle program be extended to avoid the lack of US access to space , as well as the loss of aerospace jobs and institutional knowledge ?
Or is it time to move on ?
The FBI continues to keep secret hundreds of thousands of pages of documents stemming from the Civil Rights Era , including information related to the assassination of Reverend Martin Luther King Jr. Records not released include details about a Ku Klux Klan leader who claimed to have played a role in King ’s death in 1968 .
Stuart Wexler , a history teacher in New Jersey who requested the KKK information , was told by the FBI that the document had been accidentally destroyed , only to discover this was not true .
1979 investigation by the House of Representatives concluded that the King assassination was likely the result of a conspiracy and that the assassin , James Earl Ray , was probably acting on a for - hire basis .
Civil rights advocates believe the FBI is holding onto other records about racially motivated killings that took place in the South from the 1940s to the 1960s .
U.S. Senator John Kerry ( D - MA ) is planning to introduce legislation that would require all records relating to the life and death of Dr. King be located , reviewed , and released by a review board at the National Archives similar to those established for the assassination of President John F. Kennedy and for Nazi war criminals .
- Noel Brinkerhoff
HIGHWAY TO HELL ….
Rep. Paul Ryan ( R - Wis. ) , the ranking Republican on the House Budget Committee , recently unveiled what he described as a budget “ roadmap , ” intended to address the budget mess his own party had created during the Bush / Cheney era .
Ryan ’s blueprint immediately became a political hot potato that Republicans liked but were reluctant to hold on to — the roadmap , after all , would eliminate Social Security and privatize Medicare .
Policy experts have since had a chance to scrutinize Ryan ’s plan in detail .
As the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities explained today , the roadmap “ calls for radical policy changes that would result in a massive transfer of resources from the broad majority of Americans to the nation ’s wealthiest individuals . ”
The Roadmap would give the most affluent households a new round of very large , costly tax cuts by reducing income tax rates on high - income households ; eliminating income taxes on capital gains , dividends , and interest ; and abolishing the corporate income tax , the estate tax , and the alternative minimum tax .
At the same time , the Ryan plan would raise taxes for most middle - income families , privatize a substantial portion of Social Security , eliminate the tax exclusion for employer - sponsored health insurance , end traditional Medicare and most of Medicaid , and terminate the Children ’s Health Insurance Program .
The plan would replace these health programs with a system of vouchers whose value would erode over time and thus would purchase health insurance that would cover fewer health care services as the years went by .
An analysis by the Urban Institute - Brookings Institution Tax Policy Center found that the richest 1 % of Americans — those making more than $ 633,000 a year — would find their tax burden cut in half in 2014 .
The more one makes , the bigger the cut — millionaires who Republicans have already taken good care of would find their taxes cut even more dramatically , by hundreds of thousands of dollars .
To make up the difference , we ’d all have to pay a new consumption tax on goods and services .
On the whole , the tax burden would shift dramatically from the wealthy to the middle class .
And best of all , even with new taxes on the middle class , and the massive cuts to Medicare and Social Security , Ryan ’s roadmap still would n’t balance the budget for a very long time .
It ’s a rather breathtaking vision of how the government should operate in the 21st century .
The roadmap offers directions to a system that makes it even easier for the very wealthy , even harder on the middle class , and all but eliminates bedrock societal programs .
It raises taxes on 90 % of the public without managing to close the budget gap , a feat that hardly seems possible .
Remember how radical the Gingrich / Dole agenda seemed after the ’ 94 takeover ?
This is like that agenda on steroids — with a crack chaser .
Best of all , do n’t forget the punch - line : if Republicans reclaim the House majority next year , Paul Ryan will be the chairman of the House Budget Committee , directly responsible for helping write the federal budget .
I ca n’t wait to see just how many congressional Republicans endorse Ryan ’s roadmap in advance of the midterm elections .
It looks bleak for Democrats now , but the radical nature of Ryan ’s scheme offers Dems a chance to go on the offensive .
For many professionals , there ’s a stigma around doing odd jobs like mowing the lawn or cleaning houses :
What if someone saw me ?
I would be mortified !
Enter filmmaker Jeremy Redleaf , who has done the impossible of making odd jobs seem cool with job - listing site Odd JobNation.com , which launched in February .
Their motto is : “ Turn that Pink Slip Into a Golden Ticket . ”
“ We ’re sort of celebrating this moment in time for anyone who ’s been laid off or looking for extra money , ” Redleaf says .
“ But we ’re making it cooler — we ’re getting rid of the stigma . ”
The site collects its own listings from word - of - mouth but it also mines Craig ’s Listin various cities for listings .
The site has opportunities for everyone , from actors to investment bankers .
In fact , Redleaf started the site after helping five i-banker friends get jobs after they were laid off .
Sure , it has your typical odd jobs , but also some listings you might not expect :
Arm Candy for a Celebrity .
A celebrity once posted a listing looking for an attractive young lady to be his arm candy for Fashion Week .
Pay : $ 50 for the afternoon .
Fake Employee .
An ad agency laid off a bunch of its employees , but wanted to keep up appearances when a big client came to the office .
So , they posted a listing for “ fake employees ” to just sit at the desks and look busy .
Pay : $ 15 an hour .
All - Star Foosball Player .
Have a Migayi - like command of the Foosball table ?
Well today ’s your lucky day because one Chelsea office is sick of their cocky foosball champion and is looking for someone to take him down .
Pay : $ 40 and beer .
Michael Jackson Impersonator .
If you recently lost your job , you ’re bad and you know it , this job is for you .
A woman in California is looking for a Michael Jackson impersonator for her wedding in Lake Tahoe on August 1 .
If you ’re not free that day , do n’t worry : I ’m sure there will be more moonwalking opps to come !
Mermaid for a Birthday Party .
Perhaps fulfilling a long - harbored “ Splash ! ” fantasy , one poster is looking for a couple of women to pose as mermaids and swim around the pool at a birthday party in July .
The pay is $ 150 for three hours , and they will provide the costume if necessary , but there is one teensy caveat :
You have to do it topless .
Actor in a Zombie Movie .
A zombie movie starts filming in a couple months in South Florida and they ’re looking for everything from actors to special - effects make - up artists and set designers .
You wo n’t get paid — except for getting a copy of the movie — but how cool would it be if , at your next interview , when they asked you about that gap in your resume , you said nonchalantly , “ Oh , I was acting in a zombie movie . ”
The site is n’t just about job listings , though .
It also has the pilot of a show RedLeaf is developing , called “ Odd Jobs , ” with two more episodes coming next week , as well as a “ Recession Channel , ” where you can submit your own recession - inspired videos or watch other people ’s videos like the R&B rap “ Laid Off ” by C.H.A.Z.Z .
Redleaf says they ’re going add features on unemployed people who are inspiring and add message boards to allow people to vent , network — whatever they need .
“ We ’re sort of a one - stop - shop for all things unemployment , ” Redleaf says .
At the moment , the site only has one sponsor , ResumeDeli.com , but he ’s currently in talks with other sponsors .
How he pays for it all is through a sister site called , ResumeShirts.com , where , for $ 19.99 , they ’ll print your resume on your T - shirt !
The front says , “ Resume Attached , ” and the resume is on the back .
Or , they ’ll do your cover letter , with “ Dear Sir or Madam ” on the front and your cover letter on the back .
Those shirts have been so successful , Redleaf says they ’re going to expand the online store to include other sites that sell T - shirts , bags , mugs , etc .
He ’s also got plans for a “ Worst Resume Contest ” in the works , where the winner wins a full resume makeover .
Kind of like “ What Not to Wear ” for your resume .
Like a “ What Not to Write . ”
This is all great but what happens if the recession ends ?
“ If my business starts to go down — that ’s actually a good sign ! ” Redleaf quips .
“ But there are always going to be people who need jobs , who want odd jobs , ” he says .
“ For those people , we ’ll always be there . ”
More From CNBC.com :
Questions ?
Comments ?
Write to ponyblog@cnbc.com .
This story begins with a Tasmanian man fern ( Dicksonia antarctica ) for sale in a London nursery .
Along with the healthy price tag , some £ 160 , is a note : “ This tree fern has been salvage harvested in accordance with a management plan approved by the Governments of Tasmania and the Commonwealth of Australia . ”
If you were to believe both governments , that plan ensures that Tasmania has a sustainable logging industry – one which , according to the federal minister responsible for forests , Eric Abetz , is “ the best managed in the world ” .
The truth is otherwise .
The man fern – possibly several centuries old – comes from native forests destroyed by a logging industry that was recently found to be illegal by the Federal Court of Australia .
It comes either from primeval rainforest that has been evolving for millennia or from wet eucalypt forests , some of which contain the mighty Eucalyptus regnans .
These aptly named kings of trees are the tallest hardwood trees and flowering plants on Earth ; some are more than 20 metres in girth and 90 metres in height .
The forests are being destroyed in Tasmania , in spite of widespread community opposition and increasing international concern .
Clearfelling , as the name suggests , first involves the complete felling of a forest by chainsaws and skidders .
Then , the whole area is torched , the firing started by helicopters dropping incendiary devices made of jellied petroleum , commonly known as napalm .
The resultant fire is of such ferocity it produces mushroom clouds visible from considerable distances .
In consequence , every autumn , the island ’s otherwise most beautiful season , china - blue skies are frequently nicotine - scummed , an inescapable reminder that clearfelling means the total destruction of ancient and unique forests .
At its worst , the smoke from these burn - offs has led to the closure of schools , highways and tourist destinations .
In the Styx Valley , in the south - west , the world ’s last great unprotected stands of old - growth Eucalyptus regnans are being reduced to piles of smouldering ash .
Over 85 % of Tasmania ’s old - growth regnans forests are gone , and it is estimated that fewer than 13,000 hectares of these extraordinary trees remain in their old - growth form .
Almost half of them are to be clearfelled .
Most will end up as paper in Japan .
In logging coupes around Tasmania , exotic rainforest trees such as myrtle , sassafras , leatherwood and celery - top pine – extraordinary , exquisite trees , many centuries old , some of which are found nowhere else – are often just left on the ground and burnt .
The hellish landscape that results from clearfelling – akin to a Great War battlefield – is generally turned into large monocultural plantations of either radiata pine or Eucalyptus nitens , sustained by such a heavy program of fertilisers and pesticides that water sources for some local communities have been contaminated by Atrazine , a controversial herbicide linked with cancer and banned in much of Europe .
Blue - dyed carrots soaked in 1080 poison are laid on private plantations to kill native grazing animals that pose a threat to tree seedlings .
The slaughter that results sees not only possums , wallabies and kangaroos die slowly , in agony , but other species – including wombats , bettongs and potoroos – killed in large numbers , despite being officially protected species .
In 2003 an ageing forester , Bill Manning , was subpoenaed to testify in front of an Australian Senate committee investigating the Tasmanian forestry industry .
He methodically began to unravel a tale of environmental catastrophe , of industry connivance and government complicity .
His detailed evidence suggested that the forestry industry was not only systematically destroying unique forests , but poisoning the very fabric of Tasmanian politics and life .
No greenie hardliner , Manning was a man who worked for 30 years in the Tasmanian forests and who believes they ought to be logged , but logged so that they remain for the future .
Yet he alleged to the Senate committee that forestry management had been corrupted .
At the hearing , he painted a picture of llegal destruction on a scale so vast that it was transforming the landscape of Tasmania .
Branding what was happening “ an ecological disaster ” , Manning talked of how an “ accelerated and unaccountable logging industry ” was destroying wholesale native forests “ which are unique in the world for their flora and fauna ” .
“ The clearfelling is out of control , ” he told the senators .
“ The scale of clearfelling in Tasmania is huge . ”
A whispering campaign about Bill Manning ’s state of mind began , and in the four years since he ended a career that he loved , by standing up for what he believed , nothing has changed – except for the worse .
Today , Tasmania is the only Australian state that clearfells its rainforests .
While the rest of Australia has either ended , or is ending , the logging of old - growth forests , Tasmania is the only state where it is secretly planned to accelerate the destruction of native forests , driven by the greed for profit that can be made from woodchips .
As with any epidemic of madness , there sometimes seems no end to the horror .
Among Tasmania ’s many unique plants and animals is the endangered giant freshwater crayfish , one of the largest invertebrates in the world .
Although technically protected , its very future is threatened by the frenzy of logging surrounding the creeks where it lives .
When a government - appointed expert panel recommended buffer zones of forest be preserved to protect the crayfish , these zones were reduced to a bare minimum , and the areas continue to be logged .
“ Clearfelling is going on at an incredible rate in their habitat , ” the crayfish expert Todd Walsh says .
“ It ’s going berserk . ”
Tasmania is an extraordinary land , one that many hoped might become , in the words of the legendary landscape photographer Olegas Truchanas , “ a shining beacon in a dull , uniform and largely artificial world ” .
Its remoteness , its wildness , its unique natural world – all seemed to offer the possibility of a prosperous and good future to a state that had for a century been the poorest in the Australian Commonwealth .
Instead , over the past three decades Tasmania has mortgaged its future to the woodchipping industry , which is today dominated by one company : Gunns Ltd .
And it is Gunns – not the Tasmanian people – that has been the beneficiary of the destruction of Tasmania ’s unique forests .
Though Gunns was founded in Tasmania in 1875 , it was not until 1989 , when it became part of the written history of corruption in Tasmania , that many Australians first came to hear of the company , then still one of several Tasmanian timber firms .
In that year the then chairman of Gunns , Eddie Rouse , became concerned that the election of a Labor - Green Tasmanian government with a one - seat majority might affect his logging profits .
Rouse attempted to bribe a Labor member , Jim Cox , to cross the floor , thereby bringing down the government and clearing the way for the pro-logging former premier Robin Gray and the Liberal Party to resume power .
Cox went to the police and the plot was exposed ; a royal commission and Rouse ’s fall from grace and imprisonment ensued .
But Gunns continued .
Today it is a corporation worth more than a billion dollars , the largest company in Tasmania , with an effective monopoly of the island ’s hardwood logging , and a darling of the Australian stock market .
Yet Gunns remains haunted by the Rouse scandal .
The company ’s board continues to have among its directors former associates of the late Eddie Rouse .
The 1991 royal commission found that director David McQuestin , whose friendship with Rouse it characterised as “ obsequious ” , was not “ unlawfully involved as a principal offender ” with the bribery attempt , although his “ compliance with Rouse ’s direction in the matter was ‘ highly improper ’ “ – a “ glaring breach of the requisite standards of commercial morality ” .
Robin Gray is also now a director of Gunns ; the royal commission found that he “ knew of and was involved with Rouse in Rouse ’s attempt to bribe Cox ” , and that while his conduct was not unlawful , it was “ improper , and grossly so ” .
John Gay , Gunns ’ managing director in 1989 and now its managing director and executive chairman , was cleared by the royal commission of any involvement with the bribery attempt .
In a dissembling world ever more given to corporate deference to a green image , the company shows an often - unexpected candour .
Gunns makes no secret of its enmity towards conservationists and conservation groups .
Gunns plans to destroy more , rather than less , Tasmanian native forest .
Gunns makes no apologies for what this means .
“ How do you feel about protected species dying for your business ? ” John Gay was once asked on national television .
“ Well , there ’s too many of them , ” he replied , “ and we need to keep them at a reasonable level . ”
And while the figures for total woodchip production since 2000 are officially secret – like so much else in Tasmania – Gunns ’ own evidence in support of the pulp mill it proposes for the north of the state reveals that the company plans to double woodchipping , from its present annual levels of approximately 3.5 million tonnes to 7 million tonnes over the next decade .
To evade the ever - growing public anger , the woodchipping industry has had to exercise an ever - stronger control over Tasmanian life .
Both major parties in Tasmania , and much of the state ’s media , frequently give the appearance of existing only as clients of the woodchippers .
The state ’s interest and that of the woodchipping industry are now so thoroughly identified as one and the same that anyone questioning the industry ’s actions is attacked by leading government figures as a traitor to Tasmania .
And it is not only the forests that have been destroyed by this industry .
Its poison has seeped into every aspect of Tasmanian life : jobs are threatened , careers destroyed , people driven to leave .
And in recent years , its influence has extended further , so that now its activities are endorsed nationally by both the prime minister , John Howard , and the Opposition leader , Kevin Rudd .
Huge money is being made out of destroying native forests , but to maintain what to many is an obscene practice there has evolved a culture of secrecy , shared interest and intimidation that seems to firmly bind the powerful in Tasmania .
When the actress Rebecca Gibney , who moved to Tasmania two years ago to raise her family , said in a television interview that she would leave the state if Gunns ’ proposed pulp mill was built , the former Liberal Party candidate and bottle - shop owner Sam McQuestin made headlines by publicly attacking her as “ serial complainer ” whose family made no contribution to the Tasmanian economy and who had no “ right to tell the rest of us how to live our lives ” .
McQuestin ’s family is well known for its contribution : his father , David , is a Gunns director .
The attack on Rebecca Gibney was but a public example of something far more widespread and insidious .
I witnessed a senior ALP politician make it clear that yet another Tasmanian was no longer welcome in the clearfelling state when the local corporate - communications consultant Gerard Castles wrote an article in a newspaper questioning the government ’s policy on old - growth logging .
“ The fucking little cunt is finished , ” the politician said in front of me and my 12 - year - old daughter .
“ He will never work here again . ”
To question , to comment adversely , is to invite the possibility of ostracism and unemployment , and the state is full of those who pay a high price for their opinion on the forests , the blackballed multiplying with the blackened stumps .
It is commonplace to meet people who are too frightened to speak publicly of their concerns about forestry practices , because of the adverse consequences they perceive this might have for their careers and businesses .
Due to the forest battle , a subtle ( and sometimes not - so - subtle ) fear has entered Tasmanian public life ; it stifles dissent , avoids truth .
And how can it be otherwise ?
The great majority of Tasmanians appear to be overwhelmingly opposed to old - growth logging , and only by the constant crushing of opposing points of view , and the attempted silencing and smearing of those who put them , can the practice continue .
And so , nearly two decades after its then chairman failed in his attempt to corrupt the state parliament , Gunns now seems so powerful that Tasmanians joke that their government is the ‘ gunnerment ’ , and leading national politicians of all persuasions acknowledge that the real power in Tasmania is not the government but Gunns itself .
This goes further than the sizeable donations Gunns makes to both major parties , both in Tasmania and nationally .
It goes beyond Gunns ’ role in election campaigns , such as the $ 486,000 spent on aggressive political advertising in the 2004 federal election by the Forest Industries Association of Tasmania ( FIAT ) , of which Gunns is the largest member .
“ A lot of people are intimidated by the employment side of the [ Tasmanian forestry ] industry , ” the prominent Liberal Senator Bill Heffernan , from New South Wales , has said , “ including some politicians . ”
But who can blame even the powerful for being scared ?
The former Tasmanian Liberal leader Bob Cheek recalls how “ the state ’s misguided forestry policy was ruthlessly policed by Gunns ” , how fearful the politicians were of the forest lobby and what he describes as their “ hitmen ” .
In a cowed society , the Tasmanian government often gives the impression of being little more than a toadying standover man for its corporate godfather , willing to undertake any action , no matter how degrading , to help those with the real power .
When , in 2004 , the Wyena farmers Howard and Michelle Carpenter had themselves and their property directly sprayed by a helicopter with Atrazine meant for an adjacent Gunns plantation , poisoning their water supply , Gunns ’ only response was to send the couple two bottles of spring water .
Later , when the story became a public scandal , they provided the Carpenters with a water tank which a few months later they removed , though the Carpenter ’s water bore remained poisoned .
To reassure the public that there was no cause for concern , the then water minister , Steve Kons , fronted a media conference at which he loyally drank a glass of water tainted with Atrazine .
Steve Kons is now Tasmania ’s deputy premier .
According to the former federal Labor leader Mark Latham , “ They [ Gunns ] run the state Labor Government , they run [ Labor Premier ] Lennon … and old Lennon there , he would n’t scratch himself unless the guy who heads up Gunns told him to . ”
Latham would know : after all , his own bid to be prime minister ended when he came up against Gunns in the 2004 election .
Latham was no conservationist , but the growing national outcry over Tasmania ’s forests , driven by a long campaign by conservation groups , led him in the week before the election to propose a bold plan to end the logging of the island ’s old - growth forests , a plan that included an $ 800 - million compensation package for logging workers .
Quite extraordinarily , the package was rejected by Tasmanian Labor .
Two days later , the Liberal prime minister , John Howard , flew into Tasmania to announce the indefinite continuation of old - growth logging , along with more extensive subsidies to the logging industry and , as a sop to the green vote , the protection of some areas of old growth .
A few areas were victories .
Much was a con : areas that were either already reserved ; or , as Terry Edwards of FIAT admitted about the north Styx , very difficult to log ; or , as in the Weld or the Florentine , later – in an act of arch cynicism – to be logged anyway .
In the most extraordinary images of that election , Howard was cheered by 2000 logging workers at a rally in Launceston , supported by the powerful Construction , Forest , Mining and Energy Union ( CFMEU ) .
Within the week Howard would be returned to government , and within a year some of those same workers would be forced out of the industry by Gunns breaking contracts , and looking for new employment in a workforce ravaged by the toughest anti-union laws in Australia ’s history – introduced by the man they had cheered on to victory .
“ We seem to get on better with the Liberals than we do with Labor at the moment , ” Tasmania ’s premier , Paul Lennon , told a journalist a few weeks after federal Labor had suffered one of its worst defeats .
The conservationists had foundered and , with Howard ’s crushing victory , Gunns now had a federal government that felt electorally rewarded for taking the company ’s side .
Gunns had too a state government so committed to it that seemingly no issue in Tasmania could be decided without first being held up to see whether it was good or bad for the old - growth logging industry .
And it left federal Labor so terrified of ever touching the issue again that when Kevin Rudd assumed the leadership of the party in 2006 , one of his first actions was to express support for the Tasmanian logging industry .
But then , as Mark Latham ruefully admitted , “ No policy issue or set of relationships better demonstrates the ethical decline and political corruption of the Australian Labor movement than Tasmanian forestry . ”
The dogs were off the leash and Gunns was now at its most powerful .
Within months it made a move that was widely viewed as an attempt to cripple the conservation movement , the last remaining impediment to its ambitions .
On 14 December 2004 , Gunns filed a 216 - page , $ 6.3 - million claim against a group of conservationists and organisations who became known as the Gunns 20 .
The writ was an extraordinary document that sought to sue a penniless grandmother who had opposed logging in her district ; a national political leader , Senator Bob Brown ; a doctor who had raised public - health concerns about woodchip piles ; prominent conservationists ; Australia ’s leading wilderness - conservation organisation , the Wilderness Society ; a film - maker ; and several day protesters .
All were joined in what was alleged to be a conspiracy guilty of the crime of corporate vilification .
The writ presented a tale of a group of people together seeking , through a series of actions as diverse as protesters chaining themselves to logging machinery to the lobbying of Japanese paper companies , to destroy Gunns ’ profits .
The perversity of the action was staggering : with the immense fortune it had made out of destroying Tasmania ’s forests , Gunns had launched an action that would , if successful , have redefined the practice of democracy as the crime of conspiracy .
An Australian would not have been able to criticise , question or campaign against a corporation , for risk of being bankrupted in legal proceedings brought against them by the richest and most powerful in their society , claiming damage to their corporate interest .
No matter how a corporation made its money , be it from tobacco or asbestos or chemicals , all of its actions would have effectively been removed from the realm of public life .
Gunns ’ action was compared with the legal standover tactics that prevails in such countries as Singapore , where those engaged in political opposition are bankrupted and then jailed through such a process of litigation .
If its legal ramifications were enormous but unrealised , its political impact was immediate .
While the writ excited a national outcry , garnering comparisons with the McLibel case , in the short term it only served to further intimidate many in Tasmania , and tied up the leading conservation groups and conservationists in a difficult , expensive and all - consuming court case at a moment when Gunns was planning its most controversial action of all .
Two days after it issued the writ , Gunns announced its plans for a gigantic $ 1.4 - billion pulp mill , the biggest infrastructure project in Tasmania ’s history and one of the biggest pulp mills in the world , to be built 36 kilometres from Launceston .
At first , reassuring commitments were given that Gunn ’s pulp mill would be environmentally friendly : chlorine - free and primarily using plantation timber .
Premier Lennon was adamant that the mill would only go ahead if Gunns could prove to an independent government body , the Resource and Planning Development Commission ( RPDC ) , that their proposal conformed to the world ’s best environmental standards .
The process was to be above politics and the RPDC ’s decision final .
But public concern began to grow when it became clear that Gunns was planning something entirely different to what it had originally announced .
Gunns now wanted to build a kraft chlorine - bleaching mill – the type that produce dioxins , some of the most toxic substances known to man – fuelled initially by 80 % native - forest woodchips .
Then was revealed the shocking news that to feed the pulp mill ’s gargantuan appetite , Gunns had negotiated a deal ( the exact details of which remain secret ) with the then Tasmanian forests minister , Bryan Green , that would double the level of woodchipping and accelerate the ongoing destruction of Tasmania ’s native forests for the next 20 years .
( In October 2006 Bryan Green was charged with conspiracy over another secret deal , this time with a building accreditation company run by ex-Labor ministers .
He denies any wrongdoing and the case continues . )
At the same time , Tasmanians discovered that while the mill was being assessed Paul Lennon was using a wholly owned subsidiary of Gunns , the construction company Hinman , Wright & Manser , to renovate his historic home .
It was a curious choice of builder .
Hinman , Wright & Manser is known to be less than enthusiastic in its support of unionised labour , and to be a keen proponent of the Howard government ’s new workplace - relations laws , of which Lennon had publicly been a vociferous critic .
More remarkably , the Gunns “ construction division ” as it is termed on Gunns ’ website , is an industrial - and civil - works company that advertises itself as specialising in “ larger construction work ” such as mines , warehouses , concrete plants , schools , courts , remand centres , nursing homes , hospitals , reservoirs , substations , wharf berths , road bridges and woodchip mills , but makes no mention of home renovation .
Lennon has never answered questions put at the time about what Hinman , Wright & Manser originally quoted for the job , nor whether there were other quotes .
Lennon and Gunns have both subsequently said that Lennon paid for the renovations , though the precise sum has never been revealed .
Lennon dismissed any questions on the matter as a painful attack on his family ’s privacy .
The revelations that have since ensued have not been so easily dismissed .
In early January 2007 , the head of the RPDC pulp - mill inquiry , Julian Green , and the inquiry ’s leading scientific advisor and a national pulp - mill expert , Dr Warwick Raverty , both resigned , both citing political interference .
It has become public knowledge that the RPDC found Gunns ’ own evidence to be riddled with inaccuracies and errors ; that levels of dioxins in the mill ’s outflow were initially underestimated by a factor of 45 ; and that the mill , as well as failing to address the concerns of the Australian Medical Association ( AMA ) about ultra - fine particle pollution , also significantly failed to meet at least three official air - pollution guidelines .
Senior scientists questioned Gunns ’ claims that the 64,000 tonnes of treated effluent pouring daily from the mill into the ocean would not harm Bass Strait and its marine life .
Gunns ’ modelling for air pollution in the Tamar Valley was so shoddy that it sometimes fantastically predicted that air pollution would be lower with a pulp mill than without .
Pointing out that “ no other pulp mill in the world uses the process Gunns proposes , ” and that its noxious emissions would pour into a densely populated valley already subject to the worst smog in Tasmania , Raverty has since warned that “ the risk of producing unacceptable levels of deadly and persistent chemicals known as organochlorines is too high . ”
Raverty , who works for a subsidiary of the CSIRO and has consistently pointed out that he is speaking in a personal capacity about the mill ’s pollution risk , has claimed that a Gunns executive rang the CSIRO seeking to pressure the organisation into silencing him .
The CSIRO has confirmed that Gunns “ expressed concerns ” .
Raverty has since said he would welcome the opportunity to appear before a criminal - justice commission or a royal commission into the process , because there needs to be public scrutiny of the “ very unethical activities ” of the Tasmanian government .
Though the Tasmanian chapter of the AMA warned Tasmania ’s political leaders that they would be personally accountable for any health problems resulting from the proposed pulp mill , the leaders were listening not to such dire concerns but rather to the Gunns board , with whom Premier Lennon and his kitchen cabinet met on 25 February .
Two days later , Gunns told the Australian Stock Exchange it was “ confident the necessary government approvals ” for its pulp mill “ will be obtained within a timeframe which maintains the commercial value of the project ” .
That same day , Paul Lennon handed the newly appointed head of the RPDC ’s pulp - mill assessment panel , the former Supreme Court judge Christopher Wright , a typed timeline laying out his demands .
“ It was plain as the nose on my face , ” Wright later said , “ that he was trying to please Gunns . ”
Describing it as a “ completely inappropriate … attempt to pressure ” him , Wright rejected what he termed an “ ultimatum ” by Lennon to dump public hearings and wind up the assessment by 31 July or face the RPDC being dumped in favour of legislation fast - tracking the process .
And when a fortnight later Gunns withdrew from the RPDC assessment process , blaming delays which John Gay termed “ commercially unacceptable ” , what was commercially acceptable to Gunns became a political imperative for the Tasmanian government .
That Christopher Wright said most of the delays were Gunns ’ fault was of no consequence .
For in a manner that at least is understandable if onerous to Tasmanians , it is clear that in Tasmania Gunns more or less is the law .
The woodchippers and their government cronies constantly use the courts against conservationists , but when the courts are used against them the government ’s response is admirably straightforward : change the law .
They changed the law , for example , when Bob Brown sold almost everything he had and took both the Tasmanian and the federal governments to court to prove that under their own laws the logging industry in Tasmania was illegal , because it threatened the survival of endangered species , including the Tasmanian wedge - tailed eagle and the swift parrot .
He won , but the government ’s response was not to enforce the Tasmanian Regional Forest Agreement to protect those species , but simply to alter it so that logging is once again legal .
Faced with the possibility that the pulp mill might not now meet the RPDC pollution guidelines , Paul Lennon simply rushed an act through parliament to establish an entirely new process that seems certain to ensure the mill will be approved by the end of August this year .
Though this contradicted what Lennon had so dogmatically maintained for the previous two years about an impartial process that was above politics , the act ( drafted with the input of a Gunns lawyer ) tellingly allows for the mill to no longer meet the original pollution guidelines .
Public consultation has been dispensed with and , most remarkably – and possibly without precedent in the annals of Westminster legislation – the act explicitly provides that the mill will still go ahead even if it is proven that the consultant assessing the project has been bribed .
It had been uncharacteristic of Lennon to even pretend a process mattered more than an outcome , and it seemed cynicism more of a piece with his predecessor , the late Jim Bacon .
A one time Maoist , an upper - middle - class alumni of one of Australia ’s most exclusive private schools , Melbourne ’s Scotch College , and later , of one of its most infamous unions , the Victorian Builders ’ Labourer ’s Federation ( BLF ) , Bacon was for several years a loyal lieutenant of the BLF ’s leader , the notorious Norm Gallagher .
By the time Gallagher was jailed for taking bribes from developers and his union the subject of a Royal Commission that led to its deregistration , Bacon was ensconced in Tasmania , where the old BLF tactics of espousing a working - class rhetoric while cosying up to the powerful served him well .
In 1997 he became leader of the Tasmanian Labor Party .
The following year Bacon was instrumental in brokering the deal that saw the very electoral basis of the Tasmanian parliament altered .
Since the 1970s , when the world ’s first green party was formed in Tasmania , the Greens had been a powerful political minority in Tasmania , securing up to a seventh of parliamentary seats under the island ’s unique proportional representation system and with it , on occasion , the balance of power .
The 1998 deal was sold to the public as a common - sense measure to reduce the number of parliamentary members .
But it was intensely political in effect , because having fewer parliamentarians meant that a higher quota was required by an individual to be elected , thus making it harder for minority parties to win seats and possibly destroying future Green representation – and with it the only real opposition to the woodchipping industry .
The former Liberal leader Bob Cheek recalls how Robin Gray , the state ’s premier in the ‘ 80s and now a member of Gunns ’ board , lobbied him on the night before the vote on the reform .
“ We ’ve got to stop the Greens , Bob , ” Gray told him .
And they did .
The subsequent election in August 1998 saw the Greens decimated and Jim Bacon ’s Labor Party triumphant .
The Bacon government quickly established itself as the most pro-big - business government Tasmania had ever had .
Favoured companies received extraordinary treatment .
The privately owned Federal Hotels group , who run the island ’s two casinos , was awarded a 15 - year gaming monopoly – conservatively estimated by Citigroup to be worth $ 130 million in licensing revenues – free of charge .
But the greatest winner was Gunns .
Its shares were languishing at $ 1.40 when the Bacon government came to power .
The company ’s subsequent growth was dizzying .
Within four years , it had recorded an increase of 199 % in profits .
With the acquisition of two rival companies , Gunns took control of more than 85 % of logging in Tasmania .
Five years after Bacon won government Gunns was worth more than $ 1 billion , with shares trading in excess of $ 12 .
It had become both the largest logging company in Australia and the largest hardwood - woodchip exporter in the world , its product flooding in from the state ’s fallen forests .
The state government , which a century ago paid people to shoot the Tasmanian tiger , now provided every incentive to destroy old - growth forest .
One of Bacon ’s first acts was to make 85,000 hectares of previously “ deferred forest ” available for logging .
Gunns paid only paltry royalties to Forestry Tasmania , the public body charged with getting a commercial return from the crown forests that were the very basis of Gunns ’ record profits .
When in 2003 Gunns posted an after - tax profit of $ 74 million , Forestry Tasmania made a hardly impressive $ 20 million .
By 2005 , when Gunns after - tax profit had soared to $ 101.3 million , Forestry Tasmania ’s profit had slumped to $ 13.5 million .
Its projected profit for 2006 - 07 is break - even : a return of zero dollars , nothing , to Tasmanian taxpayers on the estimated $ 700 - million value of its publicly owned forest estate .
But it was n’t just that public forestry resources were being systematically handed over to a single company ’s shareholders ; it was that much of Gunns ’ profits were coming out of taxpayers ’ pockets .
On private land , Gunns made a second profit from the federal tax breaks that made tree plantations – with which clearfelled native forests were replaced – one of corporate Australia ’s favourite forms of tax minimisation from the late ‘ 90s .
On top of all this , Bacon ’s government accelerated a familiar pattern of ongoing handouts to an industry that constantly shed jobs , devastated the environment and sought to manipulate the political system .
Between 1988 and the present , the Tasmanian forest industry has received a staggering total of $ 780 million in taxpayer handouts , $ 289 million of it since 2005 , much of it being used to facilitate further old - growth logging .
If an accounting were possible of the taxpayer - subsidised plantation schemes and added to this sum , the real subsidy paid by the Australian taxpayer to an industry that destroys the nation ’s heritage would approach a billion dollars .
But then , not the least shocking thing about the destruction of Tasmania ’s old - growth forests is that the state ’s logging industry is in the end not a commercially viable industry at all , but a massive parasite on the public purse , an industry as driven by ideological bailouts and hidden subsidies as a Soviet - era pig-iron foundry .
Worse still , at the moment when Tasmania was acquiring a global reputation as an island of exceptional beauty , the forces that would destroy much of the island ’s unique nature had been unleashed .
This sad irony , denied in Tasmania , did not escape the more astute of the world ’s media : major features began appearing in the Observer , Le Figaro , Süddeutsche Zeitung and the New York Times – mounting evidence that what was happening in Tasmania was more and more recognised as an environmental catastrophe of global significance .
What might be read about Tasmania ’s forests in New York or Paris , though , was not information found easily in Hobart or Launceston .
Apart from a few brave journalists , a generally craven Tasmanian media rarely questioned or challenged the woodchipping industry during these years .
The Launceston Examiner ran a four - page feature on Gunns ’ pulp - mill proposal directly lifted from Gunns ’ advertising .
Necessary fictions were repeated until they became accepted as truth : that , for example , the industry ’s main concern is sawlogs , when even Forestry Tasmania had admitted that sawlogs are chipped , and had been since 1972 .
The government ’s own reports reveal that approximately 90 % of Tasmania ’s logged native forest is woodchipped .
To this day , the forestry industry and the Tasmanian government withhold key information , fudge definitions of forest types and felling practices , and distort statistics to prevent the truth of old - growth logging becoming publicly known , diverting debate into the dullness of disputed definitions and clashing numbers .
It ’s a familiar tactic of sowing semantic confusion that has worked well for the tobacco and oil industries .
Beyond it , forests unique in the world continue to disappear .
Jim Bacon ’s nickname was ‘ the Emperor ’ , but the man perceived to be the power behind the throne was his deputy , Paul Lennon .
Ill - tempered , badly behaved and brutally effective , his political capacity – like that of so many strong - arm leaders – was too often and too easily dismissed .
Lennon made no more apologies for his thuggish behaviour ( he once shoved a conservationist up against a wall in the middle of a meeting , an encounter he claims not to remember ) than he did his enthusiasm for the old - growth logging industry , or his close friendship with the logging baron John Gay .
Anyone taking a first - hand look at Tasmania would , he once said , “ see a lot of fucking trees ” .
When Bacon retired in early 2004 because of terminal cancer , Lennon became premier , and any pretence that Gunns might be reined in within Tasmania came to an end .
These days , Gunns is everywhere in Tasmania : there are Gunns shops , Gunns television advertisements , Gunns - sponsored weather bulletins .
If you go to watch an AFL game at Tasmania ’s premier stadium , York Park , you pass through the main entrance , officially and aptly named the Jim Bacon Gates , built by – who else ?
– a wholly owned subsidiary of Gunns , and come to the Gunns Stand , the largest and most opulently fitted stand in the stadium , much of it paid for , equally aptly , by the Tasmanian government .
With the river of money that had poured in from Tasmania ’s destroyed forests , Gunns had diversified into businesses in New Zealand and mainland Australia .
It set about becoming the main player in the Tasmanian wine industry , with the company itself the dominant producer .
That the woodchippers ’ wines – Tamar Ridge , Coombend , Devils Corner – were not stocked by some shops , bars and restaurants in Hobart because of consumer antipathy was of no concern , for the venture ’s financial underpinning was the same as for its forestry plantations : tax -minimisation schemes , in which grape - growing qualified for a 100 % tax write - off .
Yet again , it was Australian taxes at work for Gunns .
Gunns now made no secret of what the cost would be for those who questioned the sanctity of old - growth logging , no matter who they were .
During the 2004 federal election , plantation - softwood processor Auspine – a $ 200 - million forestry company based in South Australia that runs two pine sawmills employing 313 people in the northern Tasmanian town of Scottsdale – incurred John Gay ’s wrath by having the temerity to put forward a $ 450 - million plan in which old - growth logging would be ended immediately , but Tasmania ’s forest industry would be expanded by 900 new jobs .
Gay made it clear that Auspine had been very foolish , saying , “ Their comments have been extremely damaging to themselves and their future in Tasmania . ”
Two months later Gunns ’ hardware stores stopped stocking Auspine timber .
Auspine ’s pine comes from land owned by Forestry Tasmania , but in 1999 a half - share in their trees was sold by Jim Bacon to an American global investment firm , GMO , for $ 40 million .
In early 2007 it was announced that Auspine had lost its pine supply in a deal that saw the timber go to a new company , FEA , that does n’t even have a sawmill .
In this manner over 300 people are to lose their jobs .
Though it is the half - owner of the resource , both the state - owned Forestry Tasmania and the Tasmanian government refused to intervene in the negotiations to help Auspine or its workers .
When Paul Lennon finally went to Scottsdale , four weeks after the initial announcement , sawmill workers turned their backs on the man who had always boasted that he stood for the jobs of forestry - industry workers .
Increasingly , it appeared to many Tasmanians that the only jobs Lennon really cared about were his own and those of the Gunns directors .
Perhaps predictably , one of the last defences seized on in this battle by politicians on six - figure salaries is that they stand solidly with the working class .
But Lennon ’s routine claim that 10,000 jobs are at stake if old - growth logging ends is without substance , and avoids the truth : jobs have been disappearing in old - growth logging for many years , not because of conservationists but because of mechanisation and Gunns ’ ability to transfer its losses onto logging workers .
While woodchipping destroyed the older labour - intensive sawmill timber industry , the Hampshire woodchip mill in northern Tasmania , the biggest in the southern hemisphere , employs just 12 people .
A report in the Australian Financial Review in 2004 revealed that the Tasmanian industry in its entirety had shed more than 1200 jobs since 1997 .
Like Lennon ’s previously expansive claims – that , for example , ending old - growth logging in Western Australia had left more than 4000 people unemployed , something categorically refuted by the Western Australian government – the figure of 10,000 jobs is not supported .
It is more than seven times the number given by the forest industry ’s own report on employment in the old - growth - logging sector , commissioned by the Forest Industries Association of Tasmania and written by pro-logging academics in 2004 .
Old - growth logging – as distinct from the rest of the ( much larger ) forestry industry – was estimated by a Timber Workers for Forests report in the same year to employ only 580 people .
Both figures were arrived at before Gunns sent many contractors to the wall in 2006 .
Under Gunns ’ tendering system , contractors were already squeezed hard , with a large proportion of their income servicing debt on loans for the heavy machinery necessary for their work .
When it slashed logging contracts by up to 40 % to offset a decline in woodchip sales , logging workers for the first time publicly expressed their growing bitterness towards Gunns and the hefty profits it made while their livelihoods vanished .
In response , Barry Chipman of Timber Communities Australia ( TCA ) denied there was growing resentment within the industry towards Gunns .
Presenting itself as the grassroots organisation of those it terms the “ forest folk ” , the TCA has from its inception in 1987 actually been the vehicle of the National Association of Forest Industries ( NAFI ) , which is financed by the logging industry .
The TCA ’s support for the Tasmanian logging industry was once described by John Gay as an “ invaluable alliance ” .
Invaluable though it may be , the logging industry does put a price on it : in 2002 - 03 , $ 723,154 of the TCA ’s total revenues of $ 836,977 came from direct industry contributions .
In the same year , Barry Chipman ’s wages were directly paid by the NAFI .
It was “ situations like this ” Barry Chipman said of Gunns ’ slashing of contracts , that sorted out the “ good operators ” from the bad – further incensing those contractors who , acting on Gunns ’ promises of more work , had taken out bigger loans to purchase better equipment , and now were unable to meet repayments .
“ Everyone needs to tighten their belt a little bit , ” Chipman went on .
“ Any downturn will also be suffered by the company and its shareholders . ”
But they did n’t seem to be suffering much that year at “ Launceston ’s Lavish Lunch ” , the annual fundraiser of the Launceston branch of the Australian Cancer Research Foundation , held at one of Tasmania ’s most celebrated historic homes , Entally House .
It seems to have been a splendid day for the island ’s clearfelling contessas , and the Launceston Cancerians – whose committee includes the wives of both John Gay and David McQuestin – later waxed effusively on their website about the event , extending “ A big thanks … to Mr John Gay for opening his house for the function . ”
Entally House is n’t really John Gay ’s house , of course , just as crown forest is n’t really his land .
Like the forest , the historic house belonged to the Tasmanian people , but in 2004 the Tasmanian government terminated the National Trust ’s lease and gave a 20 - year lease to Gunns .
Plans by Gunns to plant a ten - hectare vineyard in Entally ’s historic grounds were immediately announced , John Gay declaring that the company was developing a “ detailed marketing strategy ” for the property , centring on the marketing of its wines .
And in this way a unique piece of Australia ’s heritage became both John Gay ’s house and a charming marketing platform for Gunns .
The public can still visit Entally House which , technically speaking , they still own .
It only costs $ 8 per adult .
Meanwhile , log - truck driver Gary Coad , who in 2004 was found guilty of assaulting a conservationist and who cheered John Howard when he announced his ongoing support for old - growth logging , was forced out of the industry he had worked in for 30 years .
Now , he told a local newspaper , contractors were at “ rock bottom ” , unable to make ends meet .
“ The biggest problem in the industry , ” he said , “ is Gunns ’ virtual monopoly ” , which meant that any contractors who criticised the company could be squeezed out of the business .
“ We came up [ to the Launceston rally ] and fought for John Gay ’s livelihood , ” continued Coad .
“ Well , now its time for him to turn around and do the same for us . ”
But no one – no Gunns director , no Labor or Liberal politician , no CFMEU representative , no ‘ forest community ’ advocates – was going to fight for the forest workers , or speak to their feeling of betrayal .
Instead , like Kevin Rudd on his ‘ listening ’ tour in December 2006 , they said that they supported the existing Tasmanian forestry industry – in order , as Rudd put it , that there be “ no overall loss of jobs ” , ignoring the fact that supporting Gunns was exactly what ensured workers would continue to lose jobs , continue to be exploited under Gunns ’ pitiless tendering system , and continue to suffer .
There is in all this a constant theme : the Lennon government ’s and Gunns ’ real mates are not workers , but millionaires .
Behind the smokescreen of statistics , beyond the down - home cant of ‘ timber folk ’ peddled by the woodchippers ’ propagandists , past the endless lies , is a simple , wretched truth : great areas of Australia ’s remnant wild lands are being reduced to a landscape of battlefields , in order to make a handful of very rich people even richer .
Yet giving away such an extraordinary public resource as Tasmania ’s forests now threatens the state ’s broader economic prospects .
A growing weight of financial analysis suggests that the economics of plantations ( with which native forests are being replaced ) are not assured , but rather are a huge gamble for Tasmania .
The industry ’s future prospects depend on global pulp prices rising ; the government , as the Australian Financial Review put it , has “ tied the state ’s economic future to the success of Gunns and its tree farms ” .
If the future looks dubious , the present is already a failure .
The reality is that logging old - growth forests brings little wealth and few jobs to struggling , impoverished rural communities .
While Gunns makes its profits primarily in Tasmania , the great majority of the company ’s shares are owned by mainland institutions .
It has been estimated that less than 15 % of Gunns ’ profits remain on the island , where the largest individual shareholder is John Gay himself .
As a consequence of the forestry debate , Tasmania is an increasingly oppressive place to live .
Just six days after conservationists had gone public about arson threats in 2004 , the historian Bruce Poulson , a prominent opponent of plans to log the historically significant site of Recherché Bay , had the study behind his Dover house , containing decades of research , burnt down in what police described as a “ malicious ” attack .
Ray and Leanne Green had displayed Wilderness Society posters calling for an end to old growth clearfelling in the Styx Valley in their Something Wild Wildlife Sanctuary , half an hour ’s drive from the valley .
They received numerous informal threats , and then had their business burnt out .
Cameraman Brian Dimmick was bashed by a log - truck driver who objected to Dimmick filming his vehicle .
So it goes in the clearfell state .
It has never been suggested , nor do I wish to imply , that Gunns is any way responsible for such acts .
But the workings of power are not always reducible to orders or even intentions .
When a society becomes entrapped in a growing coarsening of public rhetoric , evil finds succour .
When vilification is commonplace , when lies are the currency of the day and followers seek to rise through the vigorous anticipation of leaders ’ unspoken desires , where all are disenfranchised and the most powerless feel what little security they have will be destroyed by those who merely disagree , acts of dubious morality and even of violent criminality become justifiable and appear honourable .
Despite a few years of economic upturn between 2001 and 2006 , Tasmania is once more technically in recession , and it remains the poorest Australian state , with the highest levels of unemployment and around 40 % cent of its population dependent on government welfare .
New key industries such as tourism and fine foods and wines trade as much on the island ’s pristine image as they do on the products they sell .
There is growing concern in all these industries – in which job growth is concentrated – at the relentless damage being done to Tasmania ’s name by images of smouldering forest coupes .
It is little wonder that many Tasmanians now worry that the woodchippers ’ greed destroys not only their natural heritage , but distorts their parliament , deforms their polity and poisons their society .
And perhaps it is for that reason that the battle for forests in Tasmania is as much about free speech and democracy – about a people ’s right to exercise some control over their destiny , about their desire to have a better , freer society – as it is about wild lands .
Of late , Gunns ’ fortunes have suffered .
Its share price has dropped by over a quarter from its record highs of 2005 , a reflection of having lost 20 % of its market share to South American plantations .
At the same time woodchip prices have dropped and a global woodchip glut beckons , all of which leaves Tasmania even more dependent on uneconomic woodchip production .
A recent rally in support of Gunns ’ pulp mill attracted just 50 people , including Paul Lennon .
Gunns ’ own research shows only one in four Tasmanians supports the island ’s biggest company .
Meanwhile , its pulp - mill proposal meets with growing fury throughout the state .
The once - timorous Tasmanian media has begun showing courage in questioning the company ’s activities ; the Gunns 20 writ has been rejected three times , and Gunns ’ projected legal costs – including the damages it must now pay – run into millions .
On throwing it out a second time , Judge Bongiorno described the lengthy writ as legally “ embarrassing ” .
Still , Gunns persists with a fourth suit .
The eminent QC Julian Burnside , one of the defence counsels , has said , “ It leaves you wondering if the purpose is simply to terrorise . ”
Yet the hope for many Tasmanians of years past – that one or other of the major parties at a national level would act to end the madness of old - growth logging – vanished with Kevin Rudd ’s Labor Party green light to Gunns .
No one could look to a political system now so hopelessly cowed by and enmeshed with the woodchipping lobby to effect change .
After a decade of the most pro-corporation national government Australia has ever had , neither major political party has the courage or integrity to stand up to a rogue corporation .
And it is Gunns ’ determination to do whatever it must to continue old - growth logging that may just condemn both it and Tasmania to a savage vortex : given the history of dependence on government subsidies and the alacrity with which both major parties grant them , Gunns ’ ability to always shift losses onto others – the government , its workers – means that the company may well continue to prosper .
But the price of maintaining the necessary political support is high and ever higher : it demands an ever more determined manipulation of public opinion , an ever more ruthless treatment of public opposition , and an ever more assiduous duchessing and policing of political parties .
For that reason , more Tasmanians are demanding a royal commission into the old - growth logging industry and its relationship with both major political parties .
It may find nothing untoward has taken place .
It may even find at heart something far more disturbing : that the boundary between what is illegal and what is unethical has now vanished in Australia , and that the spectre that now haunts the nation is not that of an omnipotent state but of a ruthless corporation , beholden to nothing but its own bottom line , inhibited by nobody , liberated by the failure of contemporary politics .
Nothing less than a major investigation with special powers can now clear away the stench that surrounds this industry and shames Australia .
Without such an investigation nothing will change , except for the worse , and the rape of Tasmania will continue until one day , like so much else that was precious , its great forests will belong only to myth .
Tasmanians will be condemned to endure the final humiliation : bearing dumb witness to the great lie that delivers wealth to a handful elsewhere , poverty to many of them , and death to their future as the last of these extraordinary places is sacrificed to the woodchippers ’ greed .
Beautiful places , holy places , lost not only to them but to the world , forever .
And in a world where it seems everything can be bought , all that will remain are ghosts briefly mocking memory : a ream of copying paper in a Japanese office and a man fern in an English garden .
And then they too will be gone .
Maybe the Great Digital Switchover wo n't be so difficult , after all .
The UK 's digital radio lobby group has redefined what an analogue radio is , giving DAB a stunning boost in market share .
You 'll recall that in the Digital Britain report last summer , Lord Carter recommended that when digital listening ( mostly on DAB radios ) reached 50 per cent , broadcasters should set a date for switching off analogue .
The 50 per cent figure was n't the only criterion , but it was the foremost .
There was a problem .
Throughout 2008 , DAB 's share of new receiver sales remained stubbornly stuck at 20 and 21 per cent of the market .
Yet in the most recent figures for Q4 2009 , conducted by market researcher GfK Retail & Technology , it had leapt to 28 per cent .
Radio analyst Grant Goddard unearthed the reason why .
GfK says it 's stopped counting sales of analogue radios embedded in MP3 players and some music phones , as well as set top boxes .
Now with FM : Apple 's iPod nano
Gfk defines a " portable media player " as any portable music device that plays music and has a 3.5 mm headphone jack .
That definition increasingly includes a lot of phones - the leader by volume in Q1 was a Nokia touchscreen phone , for example .
Since last Autumn , the category has included Apple 's iPod nano .
But although these are analogue radio receivers , they do n't count .
Around two million sales of real ( not phantom ) analogue radios have been ' lost ' by the creative accounting polling .
Writes Goddard :
It seems that the last resort for Digital Radio UK to be able to demonstrate to a sceptical public ( and increasingly sceptical members of the House of Lords ) that DAB radio is ‘ taking off ’ with consumers is to fix the figures to make it look that way .
If you cannot convince the public to stop buying analogue radios , you can ‘ bend ’ the figures to magically make it appear that the public is buying fewer analogue radios .
He recently found that Digital Radio UK had been tinkering with the way it presents the raw data it sources from GfK .
When claiming that 75 per cent of new radio sales are DAB , they excluded everything that was n't a kitchen radio .
FM radios fitted in cars , ghetto blasters and so on were conveniently forgotten .
More on the Digital Switchover shortly .
M'Lordships have backed an analogue scrappage scheme , so hold on to your trannies . ®
I stumbled across this post at theboardmen blog while taking my nightly stroll through the ‘ net and thought it was one of the more creative skate inspired videos I ’d seen in awhile .
With a pile of old skate magazines and a little camera work and editing , Tilman Singer produced this one of a kind short .
So , is it really proof that skate mags will in fact never die ?
Or is it just a way to breathe new life into them ?
Either way , pretty awesome .
Skateboardanimation from Tilles Singer on Vimeo .
GOODYEAR , Ariz . --
Indians minor league catcher Steven Lebron was suspended for 50 games for testing positive for the steroid Boldenone metabolite .
Lebron , a member of the Indians Dominican Summer League team , was signed in January .
His contract was voided at no cost to the Indians .
Three other minor leaguers tested positive : Mets pitcher Melvin Colon and Yankees catcher Josue Rodriguez and pitcher Israel Tolentino .
They were suspended for 50 games .
Boldenone is a steroid used on horses .
It 's a favorite of body builders as they prepare for competition .
It is also banned by MLB .
All four suspensions will be effective at the start of the 2010 Dominican Summer League season in May .
Another Backward , Half - Baked Idea for Seattle Center The Owners of the Space Needle Want a Massive Chihuly Glass Museum Next Door
S eattle Center is winning no awards as a city park .
It is a haphazardly designed campus choked with badly placed buildings you have to pay to get into .
The most visible and infamous of these is Experience Music Project , a shrine to Paul Allen 's collection of music and science - fiction memorabilia , which has only occasionally been able to transcend its underthought beginnings as a vanity project .
Surely , Seattle has learned lessons from its past planning at Seattle Center , right ?
Maybe not .
An idea for a huge , new , ill - defined pay - to - play tourist attraction — a Dale Chihuly exhibition hall , to sit at the base of the Space Needle — is already in the design stages .
It was the idea of a wealthy local family , the Howard Wright family , which owns the Space Needle .
The plan calls for a 44,550 - square - foot exhibition hall of Chihuly 's glass art , to be placed inside and to extend the current Fun Forest arcade pavilion .
The plan does not describe Chihuly 's vision , but it calls for a whopping 21,500 square feet of exhibition space , plus a retail shop and cafe .
( By comparison , the Henry Art Gallery has about 14,000 square feet of galleries and the Frye Art Museum about 12,000 square feet . )
Admission would be paid , and the venture would be for - profit .
The Wrights would pay for construction , and the museum — the Wrights prefer it not be called a museum , and they have a point , since it wo n't have curators , but no other word is quite right , either — would be privately run .
Seattle Center is a public / private enterprise that 's been foundering for years .
It needs money .
That 's the subtext when Seattle Center director Robert Nellams says , " The premier glass artist in the world wants to be part of this project .
This is a good thing . "
Nellams is n't pretending to be adding to the cultural life of the city ; he 's trying to bring something popular to Seattle Center .
And it 's hard to blame him .
The Chihuly Bridge of Glass in Tacoma , as well as Union Station in Tacoma — that city has literally thousands of Chihuly glass pieces displayed publicly , for free — are big draws .
( Pity Tacoma if Seattle becomes the destination for Chihuly glass . )
But it 's hard to see why the Seattle Design Commission , which reviews all proposals for the use of public lands by private entities , approved the plan .
The commission , a 10 - member body made up of architects , engineers , urban planners , and an artist , is supposed to keep both public benefit and design in mind — and to raise questions about both at an early stage , so they can be ironed out before plans go before the mayor and city council .
From 2006 to 2008 , about 60 public meetings were held to determine what people wanted from the always - problematic Seattle Center .
The response was overwhelming : more open , green space .
Of Seattle Center 's 21 remaining public acres ( the total acreage of the Center is 74 ) , the Chihuly museum would occupy about two — in a place left green and open in the master plan that was developed in response to those public meetings .
" You should go to the master plan ; you 'll see why it 's so counter , " says Dennis Forsyth , the architect who led the Century 21 Master Plan team .
" The movement 's been to open up the Center .
It 's a park for the city , and you ought to make it inviting for the city .
There was a lot of community involvement — and I mean a lot of community involvement — and the consensus was to make it more green .
We did n't take out many buildings , but this was one of them . "
Forsyth wants to be realistic , and he recognizes that Seattle Center needs money .
" I do n't want to take a position yea or nay , " he says .
" But people should take a look at what they 're doing , and it ought to be done with the same level of sensitivity the master plan was done with . "
The Fun Forest pavilion , he points out , was constructed shortly after the 1990 master plan was published — and it went against that plan , too .
" After the 1990 plan , the first thing they did was plop in a building that was not appropriate , and it was that building , " he says .
Lessons learned so far : zero .
The tension at the heart of Seattle Center is that it is a public - private entity .
The land is prime civic real estate , but it is not supported by prime civic dollars , leaving the public side in a position of weakness — which is why it needs thoughtful , diplomatic advocates .
City council member Sally Bagshaw , also chair of the Parks & Seattle Center Committee , says that if a project is going to run counter to what people said they wanted from the Center , it ought at least to be free and open to the public .
Furthermore , how can the city know its options when only one is under discussion ?
Use of the land on the other side of the current Fun Forest ( which is scheduled to shut down entirely after Labor Day ) is being opened up for a request - for - proposals , or RFP , process , which means ideas will have to compete on their merits .
The privacy of the Chihuly museum process thus far makes it look suspiciously like a fait accompli .
" There are two problems , " Bagshaw says .
" One , it 's not open to the public , and secondly , if we have something that 's going to be used for private gain , we need to have an RFP — some kind of public process .
They need money to run this place , and I really respect that ; it 's just that I 've got another hand up , which is to take care of this public space .
It would be a little bit like if we said to somebody that wanted to move up into Volunteer Park , ' Here , take two acres , enjoy yourself . '
And that does n't strike me as quite right without having the public engaged in it and saying , ' Yeah , that 's what we want . ' "
And what about the art content of the proposed museum ?
The plan calls for a 20 - year lease , to be renewed in five - year increments .
It is unclear what the displays would be or how often they would change .
A distinction is made in the plan between a museum , which " has rotating exhibitions , " and this center : " This will be a permanent installation of Chihuly work . "
That makes it sound like the Bridge of Glass in Tacoma , which is unchanging .
But the minutes of the design commission meeting also say , " Uncertainty exists as to how often it might change . "
The exhibition concept is unspecified .
That worried Norie Sato , the artist on the commission , and the lone vote against the plan at the January meeting where it was introduced .
She wants to support arts at Seattle Center , but is n't ready to jump on board yet .
" I just did n't know , if you were going to set up a center like this , whether devoting it to a single artist was adequate — civic enough as an opportunity , " Sato says .
" My other concern was the way Chihuly was thinking about it ; it just was n't a big enough idea .
It was sort of the attitude ' I 'm just going to put all my stuff in here . '
I did n't think the whole thing had been thought through well enough , really .
If we 're talking about taking public space away , I kind of think we have a responsibility to make it something that is n't just okay or adequate .
" It 's going to be the biggest display of Chihuly anywhere in the world , " Sato continues .
" It 's a really big deal .
I think it 's a big change for the Center , and it may be good for the Center .
I 'm a little skeptical .
I try to be supportive , because I think that anything that brings more culture in is a good thing , but we want to make sure it 's accessible — and worth turning away public space for . "
The most disturbing aspect of the planned Chihuly museum is not the idea itself — but the lack of questions that have been asked about it thus far .
At a press conference on Tuesday , March 9 , at the Space Needle , Chihuly did not take questions .
He described his life history , then laid out the plans for the project , which will include " many of the best [ glass ] installations that I 've ever done , " a 70 - by - 10 - foot backlit mural on Plexiglas , others of his drawings and paintings , and , in the dining area , some of his own collections of objects .
Ron Sevart , CEO of the Space Needle , said the museum is scheduled to open in spring 2011 .
" It 's gonna happen fast — I know that much , " Chihuly said , then was escorted out .
This article has been updated since its original publication .
After years of fighting in court , lawyers representing the city , construction companies and more than 10,000 ground zero rescue and recovery workers have agreed to a settlement that could pay up to $ 657.5 million to responders sickened by dust from the destroyed World Trade Center .
The settlement was announced Thursday evening by the WTC Captive Insurance Co. , a special entity established to indemnify the city and its contractors against potential legal action as they moved to clean up the site after the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terror attacks .
ADVERTISEMENT
The deal , which still must be approved by a judge and the workers themselves , would make the city and other companies represented by the insurer liable for a minimum of $ 575 million , with more money available to the sick if certain conditions are met .
Most if not all of the money would come out of a $ 1 billion grant from the Federal Emergency Management Agency .
Mayor Michael Bloomberg called the settlement “ a fair and reasonable resolution to a complex set of circumstances . ”
“ The resolution of the World Trade Center litigation will allow the first responders and workers to be compensated for injuries suffered following their work at Ground Zero , ” he said in a statement .
Marc Bern , a senior partner with the law firm Worby , Groner , Edelman & Napoli , Bern LLP , which negotiated the deal , said it was “ a good settlement . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We are gratified that these heroic men and women who performed their duties without consideration of the health implications will finally receive just compensation for their pain and suffering , lost wages , medical and other expenses , as the U.S. Congress intended when it appropriated this money , ” he said in a statement .
Workers who wish to participate in the settlement would need to prove they had been at the World Trade Center site or other facilities that handled debris .
They also would have to turn over medical records and provide other information aimed at weeding out fraudulent or dubious claims .
For the settlement to be enforced , 95 percent of the workers would need to agree to be bound by its terms .
ADVERTISEMENT
The agreement comes with just two months to go until the first trials are to begin in the case .
Thousands of police officers , firefighters and construction workers who put in time at the 16 - acre site in lower Manhattan had filed lawsuits against the city , claiming it sent them to ground zero without proper protective equipment .
Many of those workers now claim to have fallen ill .
A majority complained of a respiratory problem similar to asthma , but the suits also sought damages for hundreds of other types of ailments , including cancer .
ADVERTISEMENT
Lawyers for the city claimed it did its best to get respiratory equipment to everyone who needed it .
They also had challenged some of the claims as based on the thinnest of medical evidence , noting that thousands of the people suing suffered from conditions common in the general population or from no illness at all .
Under the settlement , the task of deciding what each worker will be paid will fall to a neutral third party , to be picked by the two sides .
Lawyers for the plaintiffs have previously said they favor Kenneth Feinberg , the special master who determined payouts from the federal fund set up to compensate victims of the terror attacks .
Payments will be based on a system that ranks each illness by severity and factors in potential exposure to the dust .
ADVERTISEMENT
Some workers are likely to receive payments of only a few thousand dollars .
Others could be in line to get more than $ 1 million , depending on their injuries .
A special insurance fund will be set up to cover workers who develop cancer in the future .
Lawyer Andrew Carboy , who represented a group of firefighters in the case , said he would urge them to accept the deal .
“ The proposed settlement demonstrates that the justice system can tackle such a factually complicated and emotionally charged situation , ” he said .
“ The settlement , most importantly , will treat each worker as an individual .
And their settlement will be based on the merits of their case . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Both sides in the case were scheduled to appear Friday afternoon before the federal judge handling the litigation , U.S. District Judge Alvin Hellerstein , who previously had said he favored a settlement but planned to analyze it carefully to make sure it was fair .
The settlement would mean a postponement or cancellation of the trials tentatively scheduled to begin in May .
Some of the cases scheduled to be heard first included that of a firefighter who died of throat cancer and another who needed a lung transplant , as well as workers with less serious ailments , including a Consolidated Edison utility company employee with limited exposure to the debris pile and no current serious illness .
The $ 1 billion fund created by Congress to help insure the city has been depleted somewhat by the long legal battle in the case , with the bill so far running to more than $ 200 million .
The Worby , Groner , Edelman & Napoli , Bern law partnership , which represents 9,000 of the plaintiffs , is expected to take as much as a third or more of the total settlement in legal fees , based on contingency agreements it signed with each client .
Energy - efficiency gurus want to create the " Rosenfeld " as a simple unit of energy savings .
It may not roll off the tongue like the ohm , watt or volt , but it would follow in their tradition .
Many call Arthur Rosenfeld , a recently retired member of the California Energy Commission , the " godfather of energy efficiency . "
One Rosenfeld would represent saving 3 billion kilowatt - hours per year — the same amount generated by a 500 - megawatt coal - run power plant .
Fifty - four researchers signed the document in Environmental Research Letters that proposed the metric .
The letter called for a measurement that would help regular people visualize efficiency 's massive potential , but also be as accurate as possible .
Supporters often speak of efficiency policies as " removing millions of cars from the road " or " avoiding the construction of a coal - fired power plant . "
The letter aimed to standardize the latter in the Rosenfeld :
It specified what kind of coal plant and at what efficiency it runs .
A 2008 study by the American Physical Society found U.S. homes could save 600 million kilowatts per year by 2030 .
That would be 200 Rosenfelds .
In a 2006 paper , two Princeton University researchers , Stephen Pacala and Robert Socolow , proposed a " stabilization triangle " : the difference between flattening global emissions and letting them rise .
They divided the triangle into seven " wedges , " each of which corresponded to a carbon - reducing action .
How to get to 210,000 Rosenfelds ?
The Environmental Research Letters document said one wedge comes out to about 30,000 Rosenfelds .
Leveling global emissions , then , would be 210,000 Rosenfelds .
Rosenfeld first learned of energy efficiency during the 1970s oil embargo .
His training was in particle physics , but on a research tour in Europe , he found Europeans used half the energy Americans did for the same standard of living .
" I observed that my colleagues did not freeze in the dark , " he wrote in a 1999 autobiography .
" They did , however , drive smaller cars and turn off lights in unoccupied rooms and buildings . "
This would become the basis of " Rosenfeld 's Law , " that the amount of energy needed to produce a dollar in the economy drops about 1 percent every year .
The economy , that is , did n't have to use more energy in order to grow .
When he returned to the United States , he and some fellow researchers began to investigate energy waste .
" We realized that we were discovering ( or had blundered into ) a huge oil and gas field buried in our cities ( buildings ) , factories , and roads ( cars ) , which could be ' extracted ' at pennies per gallon of gasoline equivalent , " he wrote .
In 1974 , Rosenfeld founded the Center for Building Science at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory and began developing energy - saving technologies such as ballasts for light bulbs and low - leakage windows .
Today , he wrote , the technologies the center developed save Americans roughly $ 30 billion a year .
Rosenfeld also led advocacy in California to establish building codes , appliance standards and utility programs like " decoupling . "
Burning the midnight oil , and saving some
Lee Schipper , who worked at Lawrence Berkeley for 17 years , remembers when Rosenfeld took a trip to France in the late 1970s .
Suddenly , the building 's electricity use jumped .
" Turned out it was ART who was working late at night , and turned off all the lights when he went home , " Schipper , now a project scientist in global metropolitan studies at the University of California , Berkeley , said in an e-mail .
" When he was absent , the lights stayed on . "
Some are n't so sure the Rosenfeld addresses the deeper issue in climate science and policy : making it easier to understand .
Would a Rosenfeld by any other name be more effective ?
Anthony Leiserowitz , who directs Yale University 's Project on Climate Change , doubted the Rosenfeld would clarify climate for most people , because it does n't contain an intuitive understanding of the issue .
" There 's nothing in the name ' Rosenfeld ' that tells you anything about coal - fired power plants or how energy 's produced .
It 's just somebody 's name , " he said .
Leiserowitz said 350.org , a group that wants to limit greenhouse gas concentrations in the atmosphere to 350 parts per million , has the same issue : " The problem is , there 's nothing inherently in the number that helps you understand it . "
Leiserowitz researches public opinion on climate change , and he frequently finds misunderstandings -- such as thinking it's a problem with the ozone layer .
He said that since people do n't think much about the upper atmosphere , they can come to rational , albeit scientifically incorrect , conclusions .
He saw a more successful label in the " ozone hole . "
" Think about it metaphorically here ... if you have a hole in your roof , what are you going to do ?
You 're going to go patch it , " he said .
" The term itself carries with it the requisite solution . "
Reprinted from Climatewire with permission from Environment & Energy Publishing , LLC .
www.eenews.net, 202-628-6500
Science & Exploration Phobos flyby images
15/03/2010 12946 views 15 likes
Images from the recent flyby of Phobos , on 7 March 2010 , are released today .
The images show Mars ’ rocky moon in exquisite detail , with a resolution of just 4.4 metres per pixel .
They show the proposed landing sites for the forthcoming Phobos - Grunt mission .
ESA 's Mars Express spacecraft orbits the Red Planet in a highly elliptical , polar orbit that brings it close to Phobos every five months .
It is the only spacecraft currently in orbit around Mars whose orbit reaches far enough from the planet to provide a close - up view of Phobos .
Like our Moon , Phobos always shows the same side to the planet , so it is only by flying outside the orbit that it becomes possible to observe the far side .
Mars Express did just this on 7 , 10 and 13 March 2010 .
Mars Express also collected data with other instruments .
Phobos in 3D Phobos is an irregular body measuring some 27 × 22 × 19 km .
Its origin is debated .
It appears to share many surface characteristics with the class of ‘ carbonaceous C- type ’ asteroids , which suggests it might have been captured from this population .
However , it is difficult to explain either the capture mechanism or the subsequent evolution of the orbit into the equatorial plane of Mars .
An alternative hypothesis is that it formed around Mars , and is therefore a remnant from the planetary formation period .
In 2011 Russia will send a mission called Phobos–Grunt ( meaning Phobos Soil ) to land on the martian moon , collect a soil sample and return it to Earth for analysis .
The Phobos - Grunt landing site For operational and landing safety reasons , the proposed landing sites were selected on the far side of Phobos within the area 5 °S - 5 °N , 230 - 235 °E .
This region was imaged by the HRSC high - resolution camera of Mars Express during the July - August 2008 flybys of Phobos .
But new HRSC images showing the vicinity of the landing area under different conditions , such as better illumination from the Sun , remain highly valuable for mission planners .
Mars moon Phobos
It is expected that Earth - based ESA stations will take part in controlling Phobos - Grunt , receiving telemetry and making trajectory measurements , including implementation of very long - baseline interferometry ( VLBI ) .
This cooperation is realized on the basis of the agreement on collaboration of the Russian Federal Space Agency and ESA in the framework of the Phobos - Grunt and ExoMars projects .
Phobos in 3D Mars Express will continue to encounter Phobos until the end of March , when the moon will pass out of range .
During the remaining flybys , HRSC and other instruments will continue to collect data .
More information Univ. - Prof. Dr. Gerhard Neukum
Freie Universitaet Berlin
Mobile : +49 171-7647177
Tel : +49 30 838 70579 ; +49 30 838 70575
Email : gneukum @ zedat.fu-berlin.de Prof. Dr. Ralf Jaumann
German Aerospace Center
Phone : +49 30 67055-400
Fax : +49 30 67055-402
Email : ralf .
jaumann @ dlr.de
Olivier Witasse
ESA Mars Express project scientist
ESTEC , The Netherlands
Email : owitasse @ rssd.esa.int
Updates as the flybys take place will be posted on the Mars Express blog .
Note to editors The High Resolution Stereo Camera ( HRSC ) experiment on the ESA Mars Express mission is led by the Principal Investigator ( PI ) Prof.
Dr. Gerhard Neukum , who also designed the camera .
The science team of the experiment consists of 45 Co-Investigators from 32 institutions and 10 nations .
The camera was developed at the German Aerospace Center ( DLR ) under the leadership of the PI and built in cooperation with industrial partners ( EADS Astrium , Lewicki Microelectronic GmbH and Jena - Optronik GmbH ) .
HRSC is operated by the DLR Institute of Planetary Research , through ESA / ESOC .
The science planning coordination between all instruments is performed at ESA / ESAC .
The systematic processing of the HRSC image data is carried out at DLR .
The scenes shown here were processed by the PI group at the Institute for Geosciences of the Freie Universitaet Berlin in cooperation with DLR , Institute of Planetary Research , Berlin .
Leaked emails between climate scientists at the University of East Anglia have caused a furore .
Phil Jones on how not to get caught out by freedom of information requests
The " climategate " scandal involving the University of East Anglia has sent shockwaves through universities , but many academics still do not fully appreciate the full implications of freedom of information legislation .
The problems at UEA arose when emails allegedly written by some of the world 's leading climate scientists were stolen by hackers and published on websites run by climate change sceptics .
The story broke just before the Copenhagen conference on climate change and appeared to call into question the validity of some of the leading scientists ' claims .
But as well as this , Graham Smith , deputy information commissioner , said the emails between scientists at the UEA 's Climatic Research Unit ( CRU ) revealed that freedom of information ( FoI ) requests were " not dealt with as they should have been under the legislation " .
For universities and their staff , the situation at UEA is one that fills them with both relief and dread .
Relief that it is not their research ; not their university .
Dread that it could be them next .
The phrase " FoI request " is enough now to strike fear into the heart of many an academic .
Where FoI legislation applies – as it generally does in education – it is likely that every piece of correspondence , every email written and every document you have produced could be considered as information that may have to be disclosed in response to an FoI request .
Professor Phil Jones , director of the CRU , admitted when he appeared before the House of Commons science and technology committee last week : " I 've obviously written some very awful emails , " but insists he had never tried to pervert the scientific process .
There are real risks for organisations that do not have their " house in order " for FoI purposes .
I held a seminar recently on these risks .
There was real shock and disbelief about the implications and it was clear that university staff and academics still do not fully appreciate that everything they do or write could be subject to FoI requests .
So how do universities and academics ensure that their correspondence does not become the " smoking gun " that turns a simple FoI request into an international scandal ?
It is not inconceivable that where a university is working on some research that has a commercial sponsor , pressure could be exerted on researchers to reach a certain conclusion , or to portray the results in a way that would be helpful to the sponsor .
Where that is the case , do you really want email correspondence going on record about the way in which the results are portrayed ?
Careful consideration needs to be given to the tone of any email exchange , so the university 's position is clear .
The best advice is : think twice before you hit the send button .
Remember , informal email discussions that you have with a close colleague are no longer private and could be disclosed in the future .
Will the possibly uninformed reader who asked for the emails be aware of the context in which they were written ?
Do you really want people to know the nicknames you have given to some of your collaborators ?
For sensitive information that you would not want in the public domain , rather than putting it in email or in a document , it may be better to discuss it face - to - face or on the phone .
Careful consideration should also be given to how long emails are saved and when they are deleted .
In some fields of work , there will be regulatory reasons for keeping emails ( clinical work , for example ) but do they all need to be retained and archived ?
A periodic review should be performed to ensure that , wherever possible and lawful , emails that could be that smoking gun are deleted .
When making handwritten notes or comments on documents , staff need to be aware that those scribbles could enter the public domain in response to a FoI request .
Do you really want someone to see your exclamations of " Idiot ! !! " or " Rubbish !! ! " on a note ?
Probably not , so take care – and shred your notes once they have served their useful purpose .
Imagine your embarrassment when comments about how doddery your head of department is , or how pompous your vice - chancellor is , or how adorable he or she is , come out in the open .
Another thing to consider is the evolution of a document from first draft to final agreed version .
No doubt , along the way there will have been discussions that may mean the final version is very different from the first draft .
Is it helpful to retain every draft and set of comments ?
What message do they give to the uninformed reader with a particular agenda ?
Remember , it is both the individual approach of researchers and the overall approach of the institution that need to be addressed .
Jones admitted to the Commons committee that he had not dealt with requests for data " in the right way " .
His detractors accuse him of a reluctance to reveal his data and research , and both Jones and the UEA of a desire to avoid complying with FoI requests .
Jones told the committee : " It was just frustration .
I thought the requests were just distractions .
It was taking us away from our day jobs … I am obviously going to be much more careful about my emails in future .
I will write every email as if it is for publication . "
This is a sound consideration .
" Every email I write , " says a lawyer colleague of mine , " I write as though next week I could be reading it in the newspaper . "
So be careful what you write in email or on paper .
And a final note of caution : while it is helpful to amend and delete information periodically , this cannot be done once a related FoI request has been received .
Doing so is a criminal offence .
• Alan Nelson is a senior associate at law firm Dundas & Wilson
The Mars moon :
The European Space Agency recently showed off the first in a series of extreme close - up photos of the Mars moon Phobos .
The photos , which show a pock - marked but otherwise relatively smooth surface , are some of the closest shots of the Mars moon ever taken .
The data and photos collected by the Mars Express satellite could help unwrap some of the mystery about the moon , the ESA said .
Three scenarios are possible , one , that the moon is actually a captured asteroid .
The second is that it formed at the same time as Mars formed below it .
The third is that Phobos formed later than Mars , out of debris flung into Martian orbit when a large meteorite struck the red planet , according to the ESA .
Newzbin trial resumes today after 3 week break -
What will happen to all that user data if they lose ?
A three - year study in the Galapagos led by the University of Southampton has discovered new species of coral - as well as some thought to be extinct - in the northern Wolf and Darwin islands .
Here , for the first time , are photographs taken on the expedition of the new and rediscovered species
Looking for the fish oil calculator ?
Sorry , but we retired that a few years back .
It ’s okay , though … you do n’t need it any longer , as we ’ve greatly simplified things for you .
( You ’re welcome . )
Refer to our general dose recommendations below .
Q : Where do Omega - 3 fatty acids come from ?
A : Omega - 3 fatty acids are found in the green leaves of plants , like grass , phytoplankton , algae and seaweed .
This is the food that OUR food is designed to eat , which makes grass - fed beef , pastured organic eggs , and most importantly , certain types of fish ( wild - caught fish and fish lower on the food chain , like herring , anchovy , sardine and mackerel ) are good , natural sources of omega - 3’s .
Unfortunately , due to poor meat quality , and over - consumption of fast foods , processed foods , and vegetable oils , most of our diets are lacking in these essential fatty acids ( and overly rich in pro-inflammatory omega - 6 fatty acids ) .
Q : So why can’t I just eat grass or seaweed to get my omega - 3’s ?
A : First , you do n’t have the ability to digest grass properly .
Moving on , omega - 3’s are a family of fatty acids , and the “ parent ” molecule is called alpha- linolenic acid ( abbreviated as LNA or ALA ) .
The ALA from plants is converted by animals or fish to the potent anti-inflammatory omega - 3 ’s called EPA and DHA by a long conversion process ( see the discussion of ALA from plant seeds below ) .
The ALA itself is not actually anti-inflammatory , and only a small percentage of ALA can be converted to EPA and DHA .
Fish ( and to a much lesser degree , land animals ) do the metabolic work to convert the plant - based ALA into concentrated EPA and DHA .
Fish oil is already a concentrated source of EPA and DHA , which is why fish oil has such potent anti-inflammatory properties .
Q : Why can’t I get my omega - 3 ’s from flax ?
A : There are countless problems with getting your omega - 3′s from this particular plant source .
It requires an extremely inefficient conversion process – meaning your body has to do a lot of work to get the EPA and DHA you want out of the kind of fat found in flax ( ALA ) .
And the conversion pathway is fraught with difficulties that can , in fact , lead to MORE inflammation – the exact opposite of the intention .
Finally , even if everything works perfectly , the amount of EPA and DHA you can actually convert from flax is so small it practically does n’t count .
( By the way , the story is the same whether you ’re talking about flax , chia , hemp or echium . )
Just stick with your fish oil .
Q : Why do I need EPA and DHA ?
A : You only need a quick web search for this one , because there is a wealth of information on this subject .
Fish oil is not a magic bullet , but there are an infinite number of well - documented benefits for a whole host of lifestyle diseases and conditions .
The short answer is that EPA and DHA are specific types of polyunsatured omega - 3 fatty acids .
Your body cannot produce these fatty acids – you must get them from the food you eat , or via supplementation .
EPA and DHA are natural anti-inflammatory agents , and as such , play a role in brain health , heart health , protection against cancer , Alzheimer ’s and depression , improvement of skin conditions like psoriasis and acne , fetal brain development , inflammatory bowel disorders , and arthritis , to name a few .
Our typical diets are rich in another type of pro-inflammatory polyunsaturated fatty acid called omega - 6 .
When our dietary intake of omega - 6 ’s far exceeds our intake of omega - 3’s , our bodies experience a wide range of negative consequences , all with the underlying cause of increased systemic inflammation .
Minimizing dietary intake of omega - 6 fatty acids , and supplementing your intake of omega - 3 fatty acids , helps to reduce inflammation , and the wide range of downstream effects .
Q : Is there an ideal EPA to DHA ratio ?
A : This is n’t particularly important – but a supplement in the general neighborhood of 1:1 would be a good find .
DHA converts to EPA easier than vice versa , so if you had to choose , choose a high - DHA oil .
Q : What else should I look for in a fish oil brand ?
A : First and most importantly , squeaky clean ingredients .
This means your fish oil should be free of soy ( including lecithin ) , dairy , wheat , rice , sweeteners or other artificial ingredients .
( Visit our Supplement Evaluation Checklist for more information . )
Then , look at the EPA and DHA amounts per serving – that ’s far more important than the “ total fish oil ” amount .
A concentrated source means you have to take fewer pills or teaspoons a day – it ’s more efficient , and makes it more likely that you ’ll actually take your recommended dose each day .
Finally , decide whether you want a liquid or capsule .
We prefer liquid , because liquid forms are often more concentrated than pills , and do n’t have the additional ingredients found in capsules or pills with enteric coating .
( Some find the coating on fish oil pills irritating , even allergenic . )
Q : What fish oil brands does Whole9 recommend ?
A : The brand we take personally is SFH ’s OmegaMaine .
We ’ve tried lots of other brands , and like quite a few ( including Carlson ’s and Nordic Naturals ) , but we choose OmegaMaine for three reasons .
First , the ingredients are squeaky clean – no soy , dairy , wheat , sweeteners or other artificial ingredients .
The oil potency is 3.19 grams of EPA / DHA per teaspoon .
With a version that has an additional 1000ius of Vit D per teaspoon as well .
Second , it has more EPA and DHA per teaspoon ( 3.19 grams ! ) than other high quality brands , and taking in a bunch of fragile PUFAs besides EPA and DHA is n’t a great idea .
Prioritize the EPA and DHA , and minimize your PUFA intake in general .
( SFH also has a version that has an additional 1000ius of Vitamin D per teaspoon as well . )
Third , it comes in five palatable flavors ( lemon , tangerine , mint , chocolate and vanilla ) , and all taste pretty darn good … for fish oil .
* Click the SFH link above and automatically save 10 % on your order .
( Our discount code is “ Whole9 ” . )
Q : Does liquid fish oil taste like fish ?
A : Depends on the brand , but not usually .
Most liquids come flavored ( lemon and tangerine are popular ) , and though they ’re definitely oily , most do n’t leave a fishy aftertaste .
If you ’re having trouble taking a shot of oil , try this tip – “ chase ” your oil with a bite of fruit , like a raspberry or a grape .
The tartness of the fruit tends to cut through the oil in your mouth .
Q : Do I have to be worried about mercury levels or other contaminants in fish oil ?
A : In a word , no .
The larger the fish , and the higher it is on the food chain , the more potential exposure it has to heavy metals and other contaminants .
Fish oil is almost always harvested from small fish like herring , anchovy and sardines , all of which are very low on the food chain .
Most high quality fish oil brands are tested to ensure that any mercury or other heavy metal levels are all below detectable levels ( .01 p pm ) .
In addition , a 2006 ConsumerLab evaluation of 42 commercially available fish oil supplements found that all were free of mercury , PCBs and dioxins .
Q : Are there any contraindications for taking fish oil ?
A : Because fish oil capsules have an effect on reducing the stickiness of platelets , it is recommended that if you have any of the following conditions , that you see your physician to discuss whether you should take fish oil capsules :
You have a bleeding tendency
You are on blood thinning medications
You are about to have surgery
Of course , before starting any new medication or supplement , it is always a smart idea to consult your physician , right ?
Q : I ’m pregnant – is it safe to take fish oil ?
A : First , consult your doctor before starting any medications or supplementation .
The general consensus is that EPA , and especially DHA , provide excellent benefits for your baby ’s neurological and early visual development , and may reduce the risk of pregnancy complications like pre-eclampsia , gestational diabetes , post - partum depression and pre-term delivery .
Your recommended dose will be different , however … again , check with your doctor to find a range that ’s healthy for you and your baby .
Q : How much fish oil should I take ?
A : Our general recommendations are to aim for around 2 - 4 grams of EPA / DHA per day .
However , if you eat lots of wild - caught salmon , grass - fed beef and other natural sources of omega - 3 fatty acids , and generally avoid sources of omega - 6 ( like vegetable oils , factory - farmed meat , nuts and seeds ) , you may not need any fish oil supplementation at all .
Q : I ’m pretty inflamed / sick / overweight .
Can I take more than you recommend to jump - start results ?
A : Hear us clearly – you ca n’t fish oil your way out of poor dietary choices , lack of sleep , over - training or any combination of the above .
It ’s of the utmost important that you get your dietary and lifestyle house in order !
More fish oil is not better – and in some instances , can do more harm than good .
So make better food choices , get to bed earlier , allow yourself more time to rest and recover and do your best to minimize stress – and do n’t rely on any pill or supplement to fix your stuff .
Q : How do I take fish oil ?
A : Most importantly , always take fish oil with meals .
This reduces the chance of stomach upset or “ fish burps ” .
We think about sandwiching our fish oil inside a meal – one bite of food , then our fish oil , followed by the rest of our meal .
And split your dose up throughout the day , especially if you ’re at a 0.5 factor or above .
Finally , if you ’re new to fish oil , ramp up to your recommended dose slowly .
Q : What happens if I take too much fish oil ?
A : Your digestive tract will tell you – and things will “ move along ” far too quickly for comfort .
We ca n’t imagine the moderate doses we recommend ( no more than 4 grams of EPA / DHA per day ) would cause digestive upset , however … unless your fish oil was of poor quality , with a low concentration of EPA / DHA .
( Yet another reason to stick with a high quality , highly concentrated brand . )
Q : How do I store fish oil ?
A : Keep fish oil in a cool , dark place .
Your refrigerator is the ideal location , especially in summer .
If your pills do n’t have a dark capsule coating and / or come in a light colored bottle , this is especially important .
Fish oil reacts to light and heat , and can turn rancid .
Rancid fish oil – obvious based on the smell – should be immediately discarded .
Q : Do I count my fish oil as calories or fat grams ?
A : First , why on earth are you counting calories ?
While different folks have different answers for this question , we say no .
The way your body uses EPA and DHA is different than other types of fat – the eicosanoid biosynthetic pathway , the brain , and the retina have first dibs , and EPA and DHA are typically used in these pathways as opposed to being used as “ fuel ” .
Q : What about krill oil ?
A : While some folks make grand claims about krill oil , we think it ’s way too expensive , and is n’t a very concentrated source of EPA and DHA , and so just is n’t worth the additional cost .
Stick with your fish oil .
Q : What about cod liver oil ?
I heard it ’s a good source of fish oil PLUS vitamins A and D .
A : There have been some concerns about the level of vitamins A and D in cod liver oil .
The excessively high levels of vitamin A can prove toxic at the levels our calculator recommends for your ideal EPA / DHA dose .
In addition , the amount of vitamin D in cod liver oil are pretty low – meaning you ’re not really getting a good boost of D .
Plus there are some smart folks who believe that high levels of vitamin A will limit the effectiveness of vitamin D , which could potentially lead to a D deficiency .
We sometimes take CLO , but only at smaller doses ( i.e. our maintenance dose )
In summary , if you want to stick with the cod liver oil , do NOT use our Fish Oil Calculator for your dosage recommendations .
A better choice , in our opinion , would be to stick with fish oil .
Q : I ’m a vegetarian / vegan – are there any plant - based alternatives to fish oil ?
A : Algae oil is the best alternative , although it ’s nowhere near as effective or cost - efficient as fish oil .
Most algae oil contains only DHA , and you ’ll find even those that contain some EPA will have an extremely low concentration per pill .
It ’ll cost you an arm and a leg , but it ’ll do the trick .
Thank you for visiting the Whole9 Fish Oil FAQ .
We ’ll keep this page updated with new information and additional questions as they roll in .
If you have additional questions , comments or observations , please post them here .
Medical Disclaimer :
The information presented here is not intended or implied to be a substitute for professional medical advice , diagnosis , or treatment .
All content , including text , graphics , images and information , contained in or available through this material is for general information purposes only .
Whole9 Life , LLC encourages you to review all information regarding any medical condition or treatment with your physician .
NEVER DISREGARD PROFESSIONAL MEDICAL ADVICE OR DELAY SEEKING MEDICAL TREATMENT BECAUSE OF SOMETHING YOU HAVE READ HERE , OR ACCESSED VIA THIS PRESENTED INFORMATION .
A 10 - year effort by a University of Rhode Island scientist to develop transgenic rainbow trout with enhanced muscle growth has yielded fish with what have been described as six - pack abs and muscular shoulders that could provide a boost to the commercial aquaculture industry .
Terry Bradley , a URI professor of fisheries and aquaculture , said his research into the inhibition of myostatin , a protein that slows muscle growth , has obtained " stunning results " in the last two years , with trout growing 15 to 20 percent more muscle mass than standard fish .
" Belgian blue cattle have a natural mutation in myostatin causing a 20 to 25 percent increase in muscle mass , and mice overexpressing myostatin exhibit a two - fold increase in skeletal muscle mass .
But fish have a very different mechanism of muscle growth than mammals , so we were n't certain it was going to work , " Bradley said .
According to Bradley , the number of muscle fibers in mammals is limited after birth , but in fish , muscle fiber numbers increase throughout their lifespan .
Since inhibition of myostatin increases the numbers of muscle fibers , it had been a mystery as to whether inhibiting myostatin would cause an increase in muscle growth in fish .
Bradley and a team of graduate students spent 500 hours injecting 20,000 rainbow trout eggs with various DNA types designed to inhibit myostatin .
Of the eggs that hatched , 300 carried the gene that led to increased muscle growth .
After two years , most exhibited a " six - pack ab " effect , even though fish lack standard abdominal muscles .
They also have increased musculature throughout , including a prominent dorsal hump that made them look like they had muscular shoulders .
The first generation of transgenic trout were subsequently spawned , and offspring carrying the gene in all of their muscle cells have been produced .
Studies are under way to determine if the fish grow at a faster rate as well .
" Our findings are quite stunning , " said Bradley , who also studies salmon , flounder and tuna .
" The results have significant implications for commercial aquaculture and provide completely novel information on the mechanisms of fish growth .
The results also allow for comparisons between the mechanisms of growth of muscle in mammals versus fish , and it could shed light on muscle wasting diseases in humans . "
About 500,000 metric tons of rainbow trout are raised each year in aquaculture facilities in the United States and Europe .
In the U.S. , some 1,000 trout farms produce approximately $ 80 million of trout annually , mostly in Idaho , New York , Pennsylvania and California .
Assuming Bradley 's transgenic fish meet with regulatory approval , it could provide a boost to the industry by enabling aquaculturists to grow larger fish without increasing the amount of food the fish are fed .
" One of the advantages of this approach is that the modified genes introduced into the fish use the same mechanism and cause the same type of effect that occurs naturally in Belgian blue cattle and other ' double muscled ' animals , " said Bradley .
While the transgenic trout may look like bodybuilders , Bradley said they exhibit normal behaviors .
He will continue to study the fish to learn if the new gene affects any other genes , and to determine if new husbandry practices will aid in the raising of the trout .
Estimated reading time — 2 minutes
I gave her the doll on her birthday .
She loved it at first , told me it was so beautiful .
That it ’s hair was so soft and the dress was so pretty .
She would n’t let it out of her sight for days .
During the day she set it on the table , so she could see it while cleaning the house .
During the night it sat next to the bed , looking at us sleep with big blue unmoving eyes .
But my wife ’s love for the doll soon changed .
Soon I noticed something was bothering here .
I asked of course , but she would n’t tell me at first , said she was just being silly .
But day after day she closed herself more and more for me .
Until I could n’t take it anymore .
I pressed her , told her she would tell me what was going on right now or I would drag her to a doctor .
She finally broke and crying words came spilling out .
She then told me it was the doll .
It scared her .
She told me she had the feeling it was constantly watching her .
Sometimes it even seemed like it moved .
This worried me and I went to take a look at the doll .
It sat motionless on the little table in the bedroom .
The big blue eyes unchanged .
I could n’t help but sigh from relief a bit .
Of course she ’s not moving , she could n’t have been .
I went to turn away , but then saw a tiny movement from the corner of my eye .
I turned back to the doll , picking it up from the table .
I held my face close to the doll ’s , staring into the eyes .
Something was moving .
I tried to concentrate , tried to look closer .
Yes , there it definately was , movement .
But not from the eye itself , it was behind the eye .
Before I could register this the eye burst and out of it spilled at least ten wriggling maggots .
I dropped the doll in shock , backing away instinctively .
My wife yelled from the other room , asking me what was going on .
I yelled back at her not to worry .
I picked up the doll again , using a tissue to wipe away the maggots .
Inside I saw more , pressing against the skin and the plastic outer layer .
So soon already .
I had hoped she would have lasted longer .
I will have to get a new one for her , maybe keep it alive at first .
That way it ’ll last longer for sure .
While I throw away the old doll , I think about how my wife always says she loves the thick blonde curls of little Katie down the block .
Does n’t she also have blue eyes ?
—
Credited to Boudica .
Please wait ...
BRITAIN'S tradition of adversarial politics does not often produce agreement between members of its warring parties .
It was unusual , then , when on March 9th , Lords Sainsbury and Waldegrave , two former science ministers ( Labour and Conservative respectively ) joined forces to argue that science funding should be exempt from the deep public - spending cuts expected after the general election ( likely on May 6th ) .
The two ex-ministers warned that science spending was vital to Britain 's economic future .
“ If we cut back science [ funding ] , ” Lord Sainsbury told the BBC , “ we are eating the seed corn . ”
It was a very public intervention in an argument that has been raging between scientists and the government for several months .
In December Alistair Darling , the chancellor of the exchequer , announced cuts of £ 600 m ( $ 907 m ) to the higher education and science budgets .
A few days later , the Science and Technology Facilities Council , which funds much of Britain 's physics research , announced cuts of its own , abandoning some big telescopes , reducing funding to other experiments by 10 % and slashing the number of PhD students by a quarter .
That horrified scientists , who had grown used to constantly rising budgets under the Labour government .
On the same day that the two Lords made their plea , a report published by the Royal Society pointed out that Britain punches far above its weight in science : with 1 % of the world 's population and 3 % of its research budget , Britain produces 8 % of the world 's scientific publications .
And scientists are learning to pay their way , says the Royal Society .
Traditionally , Britain has produced good science but struggled to convert its discoveries into jobs .
That has changed , says the report : the number of patents granted to universities rose by 136 % between 2000 and 2008 .
Cutting back the money now risks scientists hunkering down in their labs and abandoning their economically - useful flirtation with the world of applied research .
Much of this is dismissed as special pleading : after all , many other state - supported professions ( teachers , for instance ) could argue that they are vital to the future , too .
And both parties have promised to spare the NHS and foreign aid budgets from cuts ( Labour has promised to also protect schools and the police ) .
Such exemptions cannot multiply indefinitely .
But there are signs that the scientists may be getting a receptive hearing .
Also on March 9th the Tories ( who are still , just , favourites to win the election ) promised to retain tax breaks for research and development .
In 2006 , as part of a review of the tax system , the Conservatives had indicated that they would cut them .
In these impoverished times , even such minor concessions will be welcome among scientists .
The Royal Society 's lobbying strategy of emphasising the links between research and economic growth is a canny one : both parties are , in theory , committed to leading the economy away from a perceived over - reliance on financial services , and Britain 's strong science base makes high - tech manufacturing a politically - attractive alternative .
But there are nagging doubts .
Some scientists worry that , by justifying their existence purely on economic grounds , they have made a Faustian pact : more government money in return for flashier widgets to sell at home and abroad .
This is a mistake , say the purists : the truly revolutionary advances , the sort that spawn entirely new industries , come from the unfettered curiosity of researchers freed to pursue their interests without the need to satisfy the accountants .
Ernest Rutherford , one of the founders of nuclear physics , could see no practical use for his discoveries ; shortly after the first laser was built in 1960 , it was described as “ a solution in search of a problem ” .
There are other arguments , too : some reckon that curiosity - driven research is more likely to inspire schoolchildren to become scientists in their turn , for instance .
The most high - minded argue for funding science on the same grounds that others argue for funding the arts — a position summarised succinctly by Robert Wilson , an American physicist , who , when asked what value a new particle accelerator would have in promoting the security of his nation , replied , “ It has nothing to do directly with defending our country except to make it worth defending . ”
They are alluring arguments , and they may even be true .
But in broke Britain , scientists will have to take what they can get .
It 's very easy to get swept away by totals when considering the " best ever . "
We generally consider the best home run seasons ever to be Bonds ' 73 , McGwire 's 70 , the gaggle of steroid 60s , Maris ' 61 and Ruth 's 60 .
We fail to provide any context to those numbers .
We do the same with Pete Rose 's career hits .
Hank Aaron 's career home runs .
Hack Wilson 's single season RBI record .
Ted Williams ' .406 .
The truth is , however , that each player 's feat only has meaning for that particular season .
You can't take that number out of context and compare it to another , unadjusted number from a different season .
What is dominance ?
It 's quality , and it 's distance between the player and the league average .
The league average for a quantitative stat is found by multiplying the league rate ( total home runs , for example , over total plate appearances ) by the average starting player 's plate appearances .
I will refer to the ratio of player 's home runs to league average as The league average for home runs has been as high as 16.3 in 2000 and as low as 3.6 in 1920 .
In other words , the value of 15 home runs is far different in 2000 than it was in 1920 .
As such a number obviously needs context when determining worth , the same needs to be done for the gaudy numbers .
For the purpose of this analysis , I have eliminated all candidates prior to 1920 ( known as the Dead Ball Era ) .
While it is important to recognize a great 10 home run season when the average is two or fewer , it is also difficult to compare such a season to modern day totals .
One lucky or inside the park home run significantly alters such a player 's ratio , whereas it makes virtually no impact now .
It is likely no surprise that this season is owned by Babe Ruth .
While there is some debate over when the Dead Ball Era ended ( either 1920 or 1921 , depending on whom you talk to ) , Babe Ruth had the most dominant season regardless .
In fact , Ruth owns the five most dominant post - 1919 home run seasons ever , six of the top eight , seven of the top nine , and eight of the top 12 .
Again , just a reminder :
This does n't even include his short though dominant seasons prior to 1920 when he was also a pitcher and played during the Dead Ball Era .
Ruth alone hit more home runs in 1920 than any otherin the American League and all but the Philadelphia Phillies ( with 60 , led by Cy Williams ' 15 ) in the National League .
If that is n't enough context for you , it would be the equivalent of Barry Bonds hitting 234 home runs in 2001 .
You'd think that seven years later the rest of the league would be catching up to Ruth .
Not really .
The Babe still hit more home runs than 12 of the other teams in the league .
Teammate Bob Meusel was second to Ruth in 1921 , tied with Ken Williams of the St. Louis Browns with 24 .
Only three others hit 20 .
From 1918 through 1926 , there were only two years in which Ruth did not lead league in home runs ( both times led instead by Rogers Hornsby in 1922 and 1925 ) .
Ruth became the game 's single season home run king in 1919 ( when he was still a part - time pitcher ) and did n't lose the crown until 1961 .
It was a typical season for Ruth , who led the league in Runs , Home Runs , Walks , Batting Average , On Base Percentage , Slugging Percentage and Total Bases .
No Triple Crown , I guess , but eight categories ain't bad .
The rest of the Top 10:6 .
Lou Gehrig , 1927 , 47 home runs vs. 5.1 league average ( 9.2 HR + ) 7 . Babe Ruth , 1928 , 54 home runs vs. 6.0 league average ( 8.9 HR + ) 8T .
Lou Gehrig , 1931 , 46 home runs vs. 5.9 league average ( 7.8 HR + ) 8T .
Babe Ruth , 1931 , 46 home runs vs. 5.9 league average ( 7.8 HR + ) 10 .
Jimmie Foxx , 1933 , 48 home runs vs. 6.2 league average ( 7.8 HR + )
Ever wanted to make pancakes like your everyday crack head junkie ?
Well NOW you can !
* WITH PICS *
Gather your junkiesque supplies
Cut up your pancake mix ( Junk ) .
Continue ….
Pile up your pancake mix .
DON ’T EVEN THINK ABOUT IT !
Add 1 bump salt and 1 bump baking powder to crack head mirror .
Next add your water .
After the water put a shot of milk .
The last liquid added is oil .
This is optional but if you truly want to make crack head pan cakes , put a double shot .
Now cut everything together .
Mix until liquid .
Now for the egg .
Take you syringe and poke THROUGH the egg shell .
Extract your Egg .
Add the raw egg ( crack head style ) .
After mixed add your pancake mix to your crack spoon .
Hold spoon open flame .
Cook both sides !
This is raw egg , you do n’t want to risk your health .
Done !
Breakfast is served and your crack head pancake is now complete .
Enjoy the CrackJack 🙂
ArmaLite Firearms Truckload Sale
Buy a truckload of ArmaLite and keep the truck !
Geneseo , IL – ( AmmoLand.com ) -
Here ’s a new one .
Mark Westrom just came into the office and said we ’re having a truckload sale .
He says if anyone buys a truckload of ArmaLite firearms and products , you get to keep the truck .
The trucks … and we have a parking lot full of them here in Geneseo … are military 35 A2's , commonly known as a “ deuce and a half . ”
We ’re still working out the details on this … but Mark says any order of in - stock or “ rapid response ” product that will fill a truck means the truck is yours .
Mark sprung this on us at closing time this evening .
We ’ll have more tomorrow .
Call to place your order : 1-800-336-0184 Toll Free
About :
ArmaLite has one of the broadest product lines in the firearms industry .
We manufacture and sell semiautomatic rifles in a variety of calibers including 5.56 mm and 7.62 mm , long range super - accurate bolt action rifles in calibers including .308 Winchester , 300 Winchester , 338 Lapua , and 50 BMG , and classic 9 mm pistols .
Visit : www.armalite.com
HONG KONG / SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - A subsidiary of Taiwan netbook PC pioneer Asustek has won orders to manufacture Apple ’s iPhone to run on the CDMA standard , a source said on Tuesday .
A customer tries out the new iPhone 3GS on the first day it is being sold at the Apple Store in Zurich June 19 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Christian Hartmann
Apple is said to be developing a CDMA - compatible iPhone that would work on leading U.S. mobile carrier Verizon Communications Inc ’s network , the Wall Street Journal had reported earlier , citing people familiar with the matter .
The Taiwan firm , Pegatron , will begin shipping the phones from next year , said the source close to Pegatron , who declined to be named as the plans were not yet public .
The source could not confirm if the products would be for Verizon ’s network .
“ Pegatron ’s been manufacturing on behalf of Apple for a while now , ” said the source , noting Pegatron products include the iPod Shuffle music player .
Pegatron declined to comment .
Shares in Asustek rose 0.4 percent on Tuesday in a broader Taiwan market up 0.2 percent .
Asustek has said it will spin off Pegatron in June , with the unit expected to list around then .
Verizon shares had jumped 3.4 percent in after - hours trade , while AT&T Inc , the current exclusive carrier of the iPhone in the United States , fell 2.2 percent .
An Apple spokeswoman said the company does not comment on speculation .
Verizon also declined to comment .
ANOTHER SUMMER , ANOTHER IPHONE
Apple has released a new iPhone model every summer for the past three years and is widely expected to do so this summer .
But a CDMA - compatible iPhone may come later in the year , the Journal report suggested .
Asked about the report , an AT&T spokesman said : “ We have a great relationship with Apple and we do n’t comment on the specifics of that relationship . ”
AT&T repeated previous comments that the iPhone “ will be an important device for us for quite some time . ”
Broadpoint Amtech analyst Brian Marshall said it was “ only a matter of time ” before the iPhone landed with Verizon .
He said Verizon has a better network than AT&T and a larger customer base .
Marshall expects a Verizon iPhone to happen early in 2011 .
Verizon has roughly 6 million more wireless customers than AT&T .
Rumors have swirled for some time about Apple launching an iPhone with Verizon .
AT&T has been the sole U.S. carrier since the iPhone ’s debut in 2007 and some iPhone users have complained about the quality of the AT&T network .
“ AT&T has known all along that its exclusive relationship with Apple would change into something else some day .
From the beginning of its relationship with Apple , AT&T has factored this change into its business and technology planning , ” a person familiar with AT&T said .
Verizon shares rose to $ 31.50 from a close of $ 30.45 , while AT&T shares slipped to $ 25.97 from a close of $ 26.51 .
Apple stock rose 2.3 percent to $ 237.65 in extended trading from a close of $ 232.39 .
Kurt M. Keller , the boys ’ basketball coach at Kilpatrick , a juvenile detention center in Malibu , always wonders what will happen when rival gang members from the Crips and the Bloods are brought together on the same team .
Sometimes they cooperate , sometimes not .
“ We have kids who in the past would rather shoot at each other than pass the basketball to each other , ” he said .
Not this year .
That Kilpatrick has advanced to Thursday ’s Southern Section Division 6A final against West Hills West Valley Christian at Ontario Colony is something to celebrate .
Teenagers who arrive at Kilpatrick are wards of the court .
They come and go depending on how much time they have to serve .
The longest they stick around is nine months .
During the holidays last December , Keller got a 6 - foot - 5 player and told him , “ You ’re the best Hanukkah present ever . ”
Only three players have been with the team since the season began .
Anthony Hubbard , the team ’s standout during the playoffs , started the season on junior varsity .
Keller , who works as a probation officer , is excited how the players have come together .
“ They ’re passing the ball to each other , and it ’s unbelievable , ” he said .
“ Do n’t get me excited . ”
It might not be a big deal to many when teammates display unselfishness , but having rival gang members unite is what makes Keller smile .
Kilpatrick has n’t had much success in basketball , but the football program received attention through the 2006 movie , “ Gridiron Gang , ” starring Dwayne “ The Rock ” Johnson and based on a 1993 documentary .
Now Kilpatrick ’s basketball team is trying to win a section title .
The Mustangs were the only team in the Delphic League to knock off Chatsworth Sierra Canyon , which is playing in the Division 5A final .
“ I ’ve never had a kid for two seasons , and we do n’t want to , ” Keller said .
Mater Dei trying to win final
Santa Ana Mater Dei’s boys ’ team has lost in championship games the last three years , but it ’s not as if the Monarchs were beaten by bad teams .
Lakewood Artesia , Compton Dominguez and Riverside King knocked off Mater Dei , and each had outstanding players leading the way .
Etiwanda will take a crack in Saturday ’s 6:30 p.m. Division 1 AA final at the Honda Center .
“ I have a lot of respect for their program , their coach and their kids , ” Mater Dei Coach Gary McKnight said .
Mater Dei had to make a lineup change several weeks ago after starting point guard Tommy Stangl suffered a broken foot .
Sophomore Katin Reinhardt moved into the starting lineup , and Gary Franklin Jr. took over the point guard duties .
Who ’s No. 1 ?
The Southern California regional pairings will be announced on Sunday afternoon , and one of the big decisions will be which team gets the No. 1 seed in Division I boys , especially if Mater Dei and Westchester each win section titles .
It ’s a big decision because the No. 2 seed would have to get past No. 3 , and that will probably be Woodland Hills Taft -- unless Taft upsets Westchester in Saturday ’s City Section Division I final .
Whatever happens , the Division I tournament should be filled with top teams .
Atanga is back
Ojai Besant Hill has made it to the Division 5A final against Sierra Canyon on Friday at Colony , and a big reason was the Southern Section decision to grant a hardship waiver to 6 - 8 Yannick Atanga , who turned 19 during the summer .
He has signed with Santa Clara and is finally in top shape .
eric.sondheimer@latimes.com
1.1 . Anatomy of requests
All requests must specify a service , the main version of the service , a valid operation for the service and a response format .
Optionally , a series of general and specific parameters for the service can be specified .
https://api.idescat.cat/
{service} /v {main version} / {operation} . { format} [? parameters ]
Some services can share the syntax of requests and the structure of responses .
These are treated as a single service that offers subservices .
In this case , the form of the request is :
https://api.idescat.cat/
{service} /v {main version} / { subservice} / {operation} . { format} [? parameters ]
Although this is the form by which all requests are treated internally , the APIs also usually admit a more user - friendly external syntax that does not require an operation to be specified ( see Invocation without operation ) .
1.1.1 . Service and version
Each service has an identifier , a version and some specific parameters .
For example , the Indicators of the day service is identified using the value indicators and has only one version ( 1 ) .
Ex .
1 : Request in version 1 of the Indicators of the day service
https://api.idescat.cat/ indicadors / v1 /{…}
The services may have different main versions that are incompatible with each other .
Incremental improvements do not affect the main version ( for example , 1.01 with respect to 1.00 ) and therefore do no affect the request either .
1.1.2 . Operation
The services tend to support a diversity of operations .
For example , the service indicators admits the operation data , which returns statistical results , but also the operation nodes .
Ex .
2 : Two requests for the same service but different operations
https://api.idescat.cat/ indicadors /v1 / dades .{…}
https://api.idescat.cat/ indicadors /v1 / nodes .{…}
The identifier and the operation determine the structure of the returned document .
1.1.3 . Format
It determines the response format .
It admits three values in general :
xml : returns the result in eXtensible Markup Language format .
: returns the result in eXtensible Markup Language format .
json : returns the result in JavaScript Object Notation format .
It enables specification of a callback function using the parameter callback with the name of the function .
Although JSON is a UTF - 8 encoded string , for reasons of convenience , the output in this format takes into account the specified value for enc .
: returns the result in JavaScript Object Notation format .
It enables specification of a callback function using the parameter with the name of the function .
Although JSON is a UTF - 8 encoded string , for reasons of convenience , the output in this format takes into account the specified value for .
php : returns the result in serialised PHP format .
This output has the same structure as that of output in JSON format : it is a string that can be deserialised to create a PHP object ( not an array ) .
In this case , the result is always returned UTF - 8 encoded regardless of the value for enc .
Ex .
3 : Different requests with different response formats
https://api.idescat.cat/ indicadors /v1 / dades .
xml
https://api.idescat.cat/ indicadors /v1 / dades .
php
https://api.idescat.cat/ indicadors /v1 / dades .
json
https://api.idescat.cat/ indicadors /v1 / dades .
json ?
callback = f
1.2 . General parameters
Every request has some general parameters ( common to all services ) and some specific parameters of the service , documented in the API of the service .
1.2.1 . Response language ( lang )
It admits three values :
ca : Catalan ( default value )
: Catalan ( default value ) es : Spanish
: Spanish en : English
Ex .
4 : Result in Spanish
https://api.idescat.cat/indicadors
/v1 /dades.xml ?
lang = es
1.2.2 . Response encoding ( enc )
This parameter admits two values : utf - 8 ( default value ) and iso - 8859 - 1 .
Ex . 5 : ISO - 8859 - 1 encoded result
https://api.idescat.cat/indicadors
/v1 /dades.xml ?
enc = iso-8859-1
If the response output is php the encoding is UTF - 8 , whatever the value for enc .
1.3 . Specific parameters
As well as the general parameters described in the previous section , each service admits certain specific parameters ( " variables " ) that can configure the information obtained .
These parameters are documented in the service 's API .
For example , the operation data of the service indicators can be used to select the number of indicators obtained thanks to the parameters tt , max and min .
Ex .
6 : Specific parameters
https://api.idescat.cat/indicadors
/v1 /dades.xml ? tt = 10 & max = 10 & min = 3
1.3.1 . General parameter p
The service variables ( or " specific parameters " ) can be encapsulated in a general parameter to make a more compact call .
To do so , a series of variable / value pairs must be included separated by semicolons .
Ex .
7 : Synonymous requests
https://api.idescat.cat/indicadors
/v1 /dades.json ? tt = 10 & max = 10 & min = 3
https://api.idescat.cat/indicadors
/v1 /dades.json ? p = tt/10;max/10;min/3
1.4 . Invocation without operation
For reasons of user - friendliness , some APIs can admit requests with a syntax that does not require one of the generally provided operations to be specified .
Instead , they use references to resources that tend to be specific to each API .
See the documentation on each API to find out whether the invocation without operation is available and its specific syntax .
As APIs always use the invocation with operation internally , the error messages include the requests in this form , regardless of how they were specified by the user .
When I use my laptop in the kitchen , the wireless connection is always broken when I start the microwave .
If I reset the network ­adaptor , it works again .
Dave Null
Microwave ovens use radiation in the same waveband as Wi-Fi connections , remote control cars and many other devices .
It 's certainly possible for the very strong microwave signal to leak far enough to disturb relatively weak Wi -Fi transmissions , but I would n't have thought it would have any impact beyond about 3 metres ( since radiation follows the inverse square law ) .
It might help if you change the Wi-Fi channel as the microwave oven 's frequency will be closer to some than to others .
It might also help if you could use 802.11n as this is more resistant to interference .
However , if you are getting a strong effect , you should probably have your microwave oven checked for radiation leaks .
An article at TxTu reckons you can do your own check by unplugging the oven , putting a mobile phone inside , and calling it .
If the oven is really radiation proof , the phone should n't ring .
I have no idea if this works .
The traditional solution is to use an RF radiation detector .
Backchat : Michael Sanders says : " He needs to get his microwave checked NOW , as this is dangerous .
If the microwave is faulty he should get rid of it .
If the oven is n't leaking then there is a problem with the power supply . "
Via the Washington Examiner comes news of a brewing showdown in Fairfax , Virginia , where the school system is looking for a whopping tax increase to pay for teacher retirements and benefits .
Here 's verbiage from the Fairfax County Taxpayers Association ( FCTA ) , which is against that move :
" The FCTA asked why the school board is urging the supervisors to raise taxes by $ 81.9 M although only $ 9 M is needed to pay for next year 's expected increase in student enrollment .
" The school superintendent acknowledged that the reason is the increased cost in employee benefits , especially pensions .
According to the schools ' proposed FY2011 budget , employee benefits costs are increasing by $ 98 M , of which $ 71 M is for pensions and another $ 15 M is for retiree medical benefits .
" The school board has been less than straightforward with the community about this .
During her opening remarks at the forum , school board chairman Kathy Smith talked about cuts to band and sports , and bigger class sizes , but never acknowledged that the cuts were being made to pay for increased benefits costs .
School board members urged the audience to ask the supervisors to raise taxes .
If taxes are not raised , then the board will cut band and sports and increase class size to make the pension payments . "
Whole thing here .
Hard - fact time : Taxpayers everywhere are shelling out many , many , many more real dollars per student for public education than they were 30 years ago ( with no clear improvements in outcomes [ see this and this ] ) .
Indeed , inflation - adjusted costs per pupil have gone up over 200 percent since 1970 , while student achievement is flat ( at best ) .
Can you think of any other part of your life ( especially one in the private sector ) where you are paying twice as much for the same freaking outcome ?
Say what you will about rising medical costs , but the pills that cure our ills nowadays are so much better …
As we 've noted here , this is a story that is only going to gain in regularity as the gap between public - sector and private - sector compensation grows ( public - sector already has a 70 percent advantage ! ) and as private - sector workers increasingly fund their own retirements via 401 ( k ) s .
The basic bargain about public - sector work , hammered out decades ago in a very different world , is supposed to be :
You give up status , upward possibility , and compensation now for job security and payoffs later in retirement .
That has never really been true and is certainly less so now .
Yes , public - sector jobs ofer more security than their private - sector counterparts , but compensation is also higher on average and the benefits , especially in retirement are gold - plated to the nines .
That bargain , which is unsustainable economically , is going to hit the rocks .
The only question is :
Who is going to pay ?
Taxpayers or the public - sector workers ?
Do n't miss Reason 's Feb. cover story about " how public servants became our masters . "
Just click on the image of the big boot there on the right .
QR Code Link to This Post
Beggin ' Strips slogan is " Dog 's do n't know it 's not bacon ! "
Newsflash : Dogs are retarded .
Mine used to eat his own vomit , and wag his tail while he did it .
I 'll be the one to decide if this stuff tastes like bacon or not .
I know these snacks are n't made to please the human palate , but while I was in the store the ingredients list looked pretty tame so I was n't too concerned .
Somehow I had missed one extremely dubious word sitting there all by itself .
" MEAT . "
That 's all it says ... meat .
Meat is a pretty large umbrella .
Beef is meat .
Pork is meat .
Horses , monkeys , and allegedly Arby 's roast beef are meat .
Even Rosie O'Donnell 's ball sack is meat .
Okay , maybe I 've gone too far .
I have no idea what that is they are serving at Arby 's , but you get my point .
Alas , there is no turning back now .
Despite the fact that I am a grown man with responsibilities , debt , and all the other accutrement of adulthood , I 'm off to go eat dog food .
And what better way to have Beggin ' Strips than in a Beggin ' , Lettuce , and Tomato Sammich !* * * I 'm back .
And I 'm sad to report that I did not run around the house yelling " Bacon ! " I did , however , run around the house yelling " Call 911 ! " God-DAMN these are foul .
Do n't try this at home .
I 'm not sure it 's safe , but I am sure your mouth may try to kill itself .
While they were a little too artificially colored red to pass for real bacon , I was pleased to see they were not all the same shape .
Similar to slices of real bacon , they each have their own curvy and shriveled identity .
( Just like my aunts and uncles . )
And somehow these Beggin ' Strips also managed to smell just like bacon .
Oopsie .
Typo .
I meant to say " the smokey puke of a thousand maniacs .
" To put it simply , this is the devil 's bacon .
Even a healthy dose of bread , mayo , lettuce and tomato could n't come close to masking the evil .
The bitter nastiness literally got worse with every chew , and I was overcome by the urge to go in the backyard and eat grass until it was out of me .
The following is a message to all dogs who read this : First , sit .
Sit !
Good boy .
Now listen to me .
Beggin ' Strips do NOT , I repeat , DO NOT TASTE LIKE BACON .
You are all being played for chumps !
Alright , now give me your paw .
Okay , roll over !
Good boy !
Now go outside !
Go on !
Get !
In closing , the only silver lining to this dark dark cloud is I have figured out why so many dogs lick their own assholes .
They are trying to kill the taste of Beggin ' Strips .
( By the way , it does n't work . )
Could Mini Labs and Plant - Based Vaccines Stop the Next Pandemic ?
Texas researchers are planning to use a combination of tobacco plants and podlike laboratories to speed the production of new vaccines
Keith Olbermann Blasts Pat Robertson and Rush Limbaugh For Hate - Mongering , Wishes Them To Hell !
# HAITI | ( Countdown on MSNBC )
Keith Olbermann is the MANN !
I hope they play this tomorrow on the Howard Stern Show !
$
Para despresionar el drenaje , especialistas recomiendan volver a las fuentes naturales de captación y filtración del agua , así como implementar sistemas caseros de recolección para usos distintos al potable , como el lavado de ropa , trastes y el riego de plantas
El presidente Felipe Calderón auguró que en el 2012 ya no ocurrirán más inundaciones en el valle de México , que la obra descomunal — como él mismo la denomina — del Túnel Emisor Oriente ( TEO ) en la que se invertirán 13 mil 500 millones de pesos evitará futuras catástrofes .
Pero especialistas en ingeniería hidráulica refutan ese pronóstico y aseguran que ningún túnel por muy colosal que sea enfrentará al “ monstruo ” que han creado los gobiernos por la falta de planeación en el desarrollo urbano y obras de corto alcance que no son sustentables .
Si se hecha una ojeada a la historia veremos que la misma promesa la hizo el entonces presidente Porfirio Díaz en 1900 cuando inauguró el Gran Canal del Desagüe .
Esa obra serviría — según las previsiones porfirianas — para evitar continuas catástrofes como la ocurrida en 1624 , cuando la ciudad estuvo cinco años bajo el agua , dice Agustín Breña Puyol , investigador del Departamento de Ingeniería de Procesos e Hidráulica de la Universidad Autónoma Metropolitana - Iztapalapa .
Porfirio Díaz también la definió como una “ obra colosal ” y 20 años después , el Gran Canal del Desagüe tuvo su primer colapso .
El valle de México se inundó de nueva cuenta y desde entonces el problema continúa .
Los especialistas reconocen que el problema es complejo y su solución lo es aún más .
Por lo tanto , consideran que depositar esperanzas una sola obra no es la mejor opción .
Tampoco lo es , dicen , reubicar municipios porque no hay terrenos viables dónde establecer a la población , pero sugieren por lo menos impedir que siga creciendo la mancha urbana sin control .
Estudiosos del tema proponen un conjunto de obras que recuperen los caudales de ríos y lagunas y sistemas de captación de agua de lluvia que ya no presionen el desagüe y resuelvan una parte de la escasez del líquido .
Aunque también hay expertos que dicen que las inundaciones no podrán evitarse por la inestabilidad en el suelo , los recurrentes sismos y la presión urbana , y que más bien , tendremos que adaptarnos .
La historia se repite Académicos consideran que utilizar enormes túneles y canales para expulsar el agua de lluvia y de las cuencas hidrológicas es una medida inútil , pues los resultados son cuestionables y están a la vista cada vez que hay una fuerte precipitación .
Plantean un cambio radical : el retorno de los lagos y dejar de utilizar el sistema de drenaje .
Especialistas de la Universidad Autónoma Metropolitana ( UAM ) , campus Azcapotzalco e Iztapalapa , consideran que el agua de lluvia debe quedarse en el valle de México , en presas , lagunas y sistemas de captación que también ayudarán a resolver los hundimientos y la falta de agua potable en la zona metropolitana , al lograr la filtración del líquido en el subsuelo .
Para estos académicos , como Jorge Legorreta , es cuestionable el efecto que a largo plazo tendrá la obra hidráulica más grande que construye el gobierno federal en el centro del país , el Túnel Emisor Oriente , un sistema de 62 kilómetros de longitud .
El arquitecto e investigador de la UAM Azcapotzalco ejemplificó lo ocurrido con el emisor central —el túnel más importante del drenaje profundo — , cuya capacidad de desalojo de agua se redujo por falta de mantenimiento , los hundimientos constantes del terreno y la profundidad en la que se encuentra , lo que ha ocasionado , a su vez , que haya fracturas en sus paredes .
Las autoridades capitalinas encargadas de la operación del emisor central rechazan que el drenaje profundo presente fracturas sino sólo un deterioro que , Ramón Aguirre Díaz , director del Sistema de Aguas de la ciudad de México , atribuye a los gases del agua negra y las grandes cantidades de líquido que pasan por el túnel .
El funcionario asegura que el emisor oriente podrá resolver en gran medida las inundaciones en el valle de México , aunque reconoce que ante las fuertes precipitaciones de los últimos años derivadas del cambio climático , la ciudad no estará exenta de encharcamientos .
“ Ninguna ciudad del mundo — dice — tiene la capacidad de desalojar en unas cuantas horas enormes volúmenes de agua como los que cayeron el 3 y 4 de febrero y que inundaron la colonia El Arenal ” .
En aquella ocasión llovieron 30 millones de metros cúbicos de agua durante 36 horas .
Pero Jorge Legorreta insiste : “ El emisor central inaugurado en 1975 nos duró 35 años y eso merece una valoración técnica sin apasionamientos electorales .
Hay que ver si hacer túneles profundos es una alternativa que va a darnos la solución cabal contra las inundaciones como ha sido planteado en los discursos o si necesitamos otro paradigma , otro modelo , otra visión ” .
Asegura que en las zonas altas y en algunos sitios sobre la planicie existen terrenos para retener agua de lluvia a través de lagunas , presas y pozos de captación .
Pone el ejemplo del Río Magdalena , en la zona de Los Dinamos de Contreras , un afluente que nace a una altitud de 3 mil 900 metros sobre el nivel del mar ; río abajo se pueden edificar tres presas para la captación de agua .
Otra opción , explica , es utilizar el Lago de Zumpango en el norte del valle de México para retener agua de lluvia y dejar de usarlo para regular las aguas negras que provienen del Gran Canal del Desagüe , líquido contaminado que llega desde el Río San Juan Teotihuacan y Pachuca , Hidalgo .
Además , considera el experto , se tendría que construir una infraestructura en el alcantarillado que separe el agua negra del agua blanca que cae con las lluvias .
“ La separación es posible .
La ciudad de Teherán , en Irán , tiene un sistema de canalización de agua de lluvia que se va a depósitos especiales para su tratamiento y uso , mientras que por los conductos subterráneos se va el agua negra ” , argumenta el entrevistado .
Sierra Nevada Desde la UAM
Iztapalapa se trabaja desde hace una década en un proyecto para retener agua de lluvia en el oriente del valle de México , así como la generada por los deshielos de los volcanes Popocatepetl e Iztaccíhuatl .
Ese proyecto se llama Sierra Nevada y surgió a iniciativa del profesor Pedro Moctezuma .
Uno de los integrantes de ese grupo de trabajo , Jacobo Espinosa , explica que este plan apunta a reinfiltrar agua en los bosques y zonas agrícolas que rodean a los volcanes .
Para ello , se requiere reforestar y construir terrazas o represas en las zonas boscosas por donde escurren los deshielos ; utilizar la laguna de Xico , en el Valle de Chalco , para retener agua pluvial , utilizarla para riego e incluso potabilizar ; crear lagunas de infiltración en zonas bajas de la Sierra de Santa Catarina , delegación Tláhuac , y rehabilitar chinampas en la zona ecológica de Xochimilco que son reservas de agua .
Jacobo Espinosa dice que por información compartida con la UNAM se sabe que en la zona boscosa la infiltración de agua puede tardar hasta 15 años en llegar de la superficie al acuífero profundo , pero en zonas agrícolas de Chalco , Mixquic y Xochimilco sólo bastaría un año y medio , de ahí la importancia de rescatar la laguna de Xico y las chinampas .
— ¿ Qué tan caro sería ?
— se le pregunta .
— No es caro si lo comparamos con los 13 mil millones de pesos del Túnel Emisor Oriente .
Con la décima parte se podrían hacer obras de tratamiento , retención y riego , porque la zona oriente del valle tiene esa vocación .
Con poco más de 100 millones de pesos se lograría .
Dudas gubernamentales Ramón Aguirre , director del SACM , duda sobre la eficacia de retener agua de lluvia o crear una infraestructura alterna de conducción de ese líquido .
“ Cuando se habla de agua de lluvia se puede gastar muchísimo en aras de recargar el acuífero pero que es dinero tirado a la calle , porque la cantidad de horas que un pozo de absorción puede funcionar son muy limitadas , pues no llueve en toda la ciudad todos los días durante la temporada de lluvia .
Se pueden hacer inversiones multimillonarias en pozos , pero su uso real puede ser muy discutible ya que en lugar de contribuir a la recarga del acuífero a lo que contribuirían es a su contaminación ” , dice el funcionario .
Explica que desde el gobierno del DF se analizan algunos proyectos como inyectar agua residual potabilizada en acuíferos del área de conservación ecológica ; retener agua de lluvia que cae de los segundos pisos del Periférico , pues hipotéticamente está menos contaminada que la que escurre a nivel de calle y establecer mecanismos de captación de agua pluvial en las viviendas .
Captación en casa
La recolección de agua de lluvia en los hogares es una estrategia analizada por el Centro de Investigación para el Desarrollo ( Cidac ) .
Para esta asociación civil se trata de una medida viable , con resultados en el corto plazo y que no involucra cuantiosas inversiones , y sí genera ahorros .
María Cristina Capelo , investigadora del Cidac , explicó que el sistema de captación de agua de lluvia es simple , pues sólo se necesita colocar un recolector en el techo y dirigir los chorros hacia un tinaco con filtro para que el líquido sea empleado en labores domésticas .
La especialista afirma que si se invierte en tecnología potabilizadora se podría usar también para el consumo humano .
Explica que el gobierno del DF , por ejemplo , en lugar de pagar subsidios elevados por consumo de agua potable , podría financiar la instalación de esos sistemas en los hogares y tener un ahorro en el gasto público en el mediano plazo .
Dice que según los cálculos , si se financia la instalación de ese sistema en 10 % de las casas , el gobierno del DF gastaría 528 millones de pesos .
Pero si se toma en cuenta que la captación de agua de lluvia para uso doméstico reduciría el consumo de la potable “ que está altamente subsidiada ” , al año se ahorraría 72 millones de pesos .
Lo que significa que la inversión inicial se recuperaría en un plazo máximo de nueve años .
“ Lo más importante es que los hogares beneficiados podrían tener disponibilidad inmediata de por lo menos 400 litros diarios de agua durante los cinco meses de la temporada de lluvias y se dejaría de presionar al drenaje profundo ” , dice .
El proyecto funcionó en Estados Unidos , Alemania , Inglaterra , Brasil , India y China , dice .
Es mejor adaptarse Para detectar los riesgos de una inundación catastrófica en la Zona Metropolitana del Valle de México , el Instituto de Ingeniería de la Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México ( UNAM ) realizó un estudio de simulación de un escenario de inundación y colapso del emisor central del drenaje profundo en temporada de lluvias .
Los resultados son relevantes : el área inundada alcanzaría una magnitud de 217 kilómetros cuadrados y se verían afectados 4 millones de habitantes de las delegaciones Benito Juárez , Cuauhtémoc , Gustavo A. Madero , Iztacalco , Iztapalapa y Venustiano Carranza , así como Chimalhuacán , Nezahualcóyotl y Ecatepec .
En ese estudio se basa el ingeniero Agustín Breña Puyol para asegurar que no hay soluciones mágicas que terminen con el problema y prevengan un eventual colapso .
El suelo , dice , es frágil por extraer agua en grandes proporciones “ pero no podemos dejar de bombear cuando hay un déficit ( del vital líquido ) ” .
La infraestructura tiene fugas por fisuras “ pero éstas no se pueden evitar porque estamos en una zona sísmica y hundida ” .
El especialista destaca que si se busca un equilibrio , al igual que existen 3 mil pozos de extracción de agua del subsuelo , debería instalarse igual número de sistemas de captación de agua pluvial y pozos de infiltración , pero desde su punto de vista “ no es factible económicamente ” .
Una medida drástica sería el reordenamiento territorial “ pero si antes no se hizo una planeación urbana , ahora menos y la mancha urbana sigue expandiéndose anárquicamente ” .
Lo que este investigador recomienda es que se tomen medidas de adaptación para evitar que en cada temporada de lluvias , las inundaciones se conviertan en tragedias , para que la población se encuentre preparada en caso de contingencia .
“ En Chalco , a raíz de las inundaciones , me han escrito varias personas diciéndome que ya están organizando brigadas comunitarias para saber actuar ante esos episodios porque es evidente que las obras de los gobiernos no les han servido .
Y a mí me parece que debemos ir en esa dirección porque hemos creado un monstruo que ya no podemos controlar ” , establece Breña Puyol .
A basic soldier jump map .
This is a simplistic map intended for players who have never rocket jumped before .
The cows on the side contain help on how to do each jump .
Difficulty ranges from Easy to Medium .
BLU team only .
22 jumps - 8 basic , 6 basic+ , 6 intermediate , 2 bonus
This is also my first map .
Feel free to contact me under the steam ID Bevo ( [ !?]
Bevo ) or at DRCG2009 at yahoo dot com .
Video : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rzNutaCj-Y
Independent Senator Nick Xenophon has slammed the major parties for blocking his moves for an inquiry into the Church of Scientology .
Senator Xenophon has been calling for a full inquiry into the church since revealing claims of forced abortions and other abuses in Parliament last year .
Today he accused Prime Minister Kevin Rudd of hiding behind process and vowed to continue to fight for further examination of Scientology in Australia .
" There is a certain cowardice in turning your backs on people who ask for help and ask just to be heard , " he said .
" I ask Kevin Rudd and [ Opposition Leader ]
Tony Abbott , what is it about forced abortions you do not want to know about ?
" What is it about false imprisonment that you do n't want to know about ?
I will not turn my backs on the victims of Scientology .
I will not let this lie .
This issue will not go away . "
Senator Xenophon now says he will move another motion for an inquiry into the church , which he says will focus on specific allegations made against it , next week .
Today Senator Xenophon moved for a broader inquiry into the tax - free status of religions when it was clear he did not have the numbers for his original Scientology probe .
However , the Opposition and Government blocked the motion .
Senator Xenophon said the Government told him it could not support the tax inquiry because it could pre-empt the still - to - be released Henry Tax Review .
Special Minister of State Joe Ludwig says the tax - free status of various organisations has already been extensively covered by other inquiries and another is not needed .
" Based on this detailed and comprehensive record of an analysis and in light of two current review reports before the Government , we will not be supporting this motion today , " he said .
The Greens supported the motion but that was not enough to get it passed .
" I do object and I know many other Australians object to millions of dollars being siphoned off from the public purse because we have n't refined our ability to say a dangerous cult ought not be getting that money , " Greens leader Bob Brown said .
Liberal Senator Eric
Abetz expressed sympathy for anyone who had suffered under the Church of Scientology but said the Senate was not the right place to hear their stories .
He also questioned whether a Senate inquiry would stop people being " brainwashed " by various organisations .
" Whilst the motion on the face of it looks relatively innocuous , talks about a general inquiry into matters tax and charitable status generally , there is no doubt from the speeches of Senators Xenophon and Brown ... that it would not just be a general discussion of matters taxation , " he said .
ABC 's Four Corners program also this week broadcast allegations from ex-members of Scientology of forced abortions , pressure to work extreme hours and being pressured * to hand over large sums of money .
* Editor 's note : ( June 17 ) The article originally reported that ex-members of Scientology were being " forced " to hand over large sums of money .
It is more accurate to say that people were being put under " pressure " to hand over money .
This matter was reported correctly in the ABC's Four Corners program .
Eta Carinae :
New View of Doomed Star
Eta Carinae is a mysterious , extremely bright and unstable star located a mere stone 's throw - astronomically speaking - from Earth at a distance of only about 7,500 light years .
The star is thought to be consuming its nuclear fuel at an incredible rate , while quickly drawing closer to its ultimate explosive demise .
When Eta Carinae does explode , it will be a spectacular fireworks display seen from Earth , perhaps rivaling the moon in brilliance .
Its fate has been foreshadowed by the recent discovery of SN2006gy , a supernova in a nearby galaxy that was the brightest stellar explosion ever seen .
The erratic behavior of the star that later exploded as SN2006gy suggests that Eta Carinae may explode at any time .
Eta Carinae , a star between 100 and 150 times more massive than the Sun , is near a point of unstable equilibrium where the star 's gravity is almost balanced by the outward pressure of the intense radiation generated in the nuclear furnace .
This means that slight perturbations of the star might cause enormous ejections of matter from its surface .
In the 1840s , Eta Carinae had a massive eruption by ejecting more than 10 times the mass of the sun , to briefly become the second brightest star in the sky .
This explosion would have torn most other stars to pieces but somehow Eta Carinae survived .
The latest composite image shows the remnants of that titanic event with new data from NASA 's Chandra X-ray Observatory and the Hubble Space Telescope .
The blue regions show the cool optical emission , detected by Hubble , from the dust and gas thrown off the star .
This debris forms a bipolar shell around the star , which lies near the brightest point of the optical emission .
This bipolar shell is itself surrounded by a ragged cloud of fainter material .
An unusual jet points from the star to the upper left .
Chandra 's data , depicted in orange and yellow , shows the X - ray emission produced as material thrown off Eta Carinae rams into nearby gas and dust , heating gas to temperatures in excess of a million degrees .
This hot shroud extends far beyond the cooler , optical nebula and represents the outer edge of the interaction region .
The X - ray observations show that the ejected outer material is enriched by complex atoms , especially nitrogen , cooked inside the star 's nuclear furnace and dredged up onto the stellar surface .
The Chandra observations also show that the inner optical nebula glows faintly due to X - ray reflection .
The X - rays reflected by the optical nebula come from very close to the star itself ; these X - rays are generated by the high - speed collision of wind flowing from Eta Carinae 's surface ( moving at about 1 million miles per hour ) with the wind of the companion star ( which is about five times faster ) .
The companion is not directly visible in these images , but variability in X - rays in the regions close to the star signals the star 's presence .
Astronomers do n't know exactly what role the companion has played in the evolution of Eta Carinae , or what role it will play in its future .
“ My neighbor Janet , the Fiores , and Lenny , we ’re all on one side of the block , we all got them , ” she said .
“ An entire row of houses . ”
In fact , whole neighborhoods were targets .
“ I found 65 complaints in a 10 - block area , ” said Sandi Viviani , president of the Broadway Flushing Homeowners Association .
They were part of a deluge .
From September to December , more than 3,000 complaints of illegal conversion were filed in three Queens neighborhoods —
Whitestone , Flushing and Malba .
That was more complaints than are typically made in the whole city for an entire year .
“ You had 500 in one two - week period , ” said Dan Halloran , the City Council member for the area .
“ There had n’t been 500 calls in two years . ”
The complaints were routed to the Department of Buildings , which dispatched inspectors to check out the homes .
But who was making the complaints ?
An obvious question , but no easy answer .
“ You ca n’t just take a complaint and tie it back to a phone number , ” said Nicholas Sbordone , a spokesman for the Department of Information Technology and Telecommunications , the city agency that runs 311 .
“ We encourage people to file anonymously .
They can call and choose not to leave their phone numbers . ”
While the phone numbers of callers are displayed at the 311 center when people dial in , the numbers are not automatically entered into complaint forms that the call - takers fill out , Mr. Sbordone said .
There are a few tantalizing clues .
Actually , a thousand of them .
During the three months that the building complaints were spiking in Queens , the city received its typical five million calls at 311 on all kinds of issues .
“ We found that more than 1,000 came from three very closely related numbers , that all appeared to be from one business , ” Mr. Sbordone said .
Ask a person about baseball records , and chances are they ’ll throw out names like Ripken or DiMaggio … as in Cal Ripken Jr. playing 2,632 consecutive games , and Joe DiMaggio hitting safely for 56 consecutive games .
Ask a casual fan about basketball records , and even the most jaded will know about stuff like Wilt Chamberlain scoring 100 points in a single game .
Records like these are cemented into the pop-culture lexicon .
They are hallowed , they are sacred , and they are aggrandized so because they are predominantly perceived as being unbreakable .
Here are five records that are equally as unbreakable , but devoid of any historical pizazz .
Five Most RBIs
In a Single Season ( 191 ) Hack Wilson 1930
Wilson set the record playing for the Chicago Cubs in 1930 .
It ’s been 73 years since anybody ’s been able to come within 10 ( Hank Greenberg – 183 , 1937 ) .
And in the last 50 years , the most anybody ’s been able to get is 165 , accomplished by Manny Ramirez in 1999 .
For someone to break it they would have to average an RBI a game , and then some .
Baseball is an old sport , and America ’s pastime , to boot .
That ’s a lot of great athletes not even coming close to breaking this one .
Four Most Points in a Single NCAA Basketball Game ( 113 ) Bevo Francis 1954
At the time , Bevo Francis set what was to become the all - division NCAA record .
He was playing for Rio Grande College , which is probably the reason you ’ve never heard of this one .
You see , Rio Grande College ( now University of Rio Grande ) was n’t a Division I school .
And honestly , who gives a damn about Rio Grande ?
We ’ll assume this was accomplished at a time when either parity was nonexistent .
Ironically , Frank Selvy set the “ official ” record of 100 points in the exact same year while playing for Furman College , a Division I team whose coach made it a point to give him the ball on every possession in an effort to garner him All - America attention .
Douche .
Three Worst Record To Qualify For The NBA Playoffs ( 16 - 54 ) Baltimore Bullets ( 1953 - 54 )
Seriously , what cosmic imbalance was tilting the basketball world in the early 50s ?
No official commemoration was ever given to the Bullets for getting to the playoffs that year , so we can only assume they got a lucky break by playing in an era when boxing and baseball dominated the American sporting landscape and NBA owners spent more time figuring out ways to expand their market than focusing on holes in the league ’s format .
The Bullets would become the last NBA franchise to fold just one year later .
Two Highest Career Test Batting Average ( 99.94 ) Donald Bradman
If you do n’t know anything about cricket , you ’re not alone .
But still , 99.94 sounds pretty damn good no matter what .
Donald Bradman achieved this average over a 20 year career ( 1928 - 1948 ) .
The second highest career Test batting average belongs to some South African dude named Graeme Pollack , who batted 60.97 for a period of 7 years ( 1963 -1970 ) .
Bradman was born in Australia , and in 2001 the Australian Prime Minister dubbed him the “ greatest living Australian ” , probably beating out the likes of Paul Hogan and Mad Max .
So…he ’s got that going for him .
One A Bevy of Single - Game College Football Records Georgia Tech vs. Cumberland ( 1916 )
Cumberland College had discontinued its football program a year earlier , but for some reason were n’t allowed to back out of their previous scheduling agreement with Tech .
Rather than face a fine for not showing up , Cumberland sent a ragtag 14 - man squad to play out the game .
One possible explanation for Tech coach John Heisman ’s mercilessness is the fact that Cumberland ’s baseball team had beaten Georgia Tech ’s 22 - 0 earlier in the year , amidst accusations that they used professionals to pose as students .
Since WWII , Fort Valley State has come the closest , point - wise , by scoring 106 , in 1969 .
The “ major ” college record for points scored in a game for the modern era ?
100 … by Houston … in 1968 .
I ’m not a doctor , or anything , but that ’s not even halfway there .
The final score was Georgia Tech 222 – Cumberland 0 .
Not only was it the most lopsided game in the history of college football , but most points scored in a single college football game / most points allowed in a single game , and probably a litany of other records .
Calls for Full Investigation Number of Church Abuse Cases Continues to Rise in Germany
The Catholic Church in Germany is under pressure as more and more cases of sexual abuse come to light .
Now the government is demanding that the Church take rigorous action to investigate the incidents .
By SPIEGEL staff .
Google and Intel have teamed with Sony to develop a platform called Google TV to bring the Web into the living room through a new generation of televisions and set - top boxes .
The move is an effort by Google and Intel to extend their dominance of computing to television , an arena where they have little sway .
For Sony , which has struggled to retain a pricing and technological advantage in the competitive TV hardware market , the partnership is an effort to get a leg up on competitors .
The partners envision technology that will make it as easy for TV users to navigate Web applications , like the Twitter social network and the Picasa photo site , as it is to change the channel .
Some existing televisions and set - top boxes offer access to Web content , but the choice of sites is limited .
Google intends to open its TV platform , which is based on its Android operating system for smartphones , to software developers .
The company hopes the move will spur the same outpouring of creativity that consumers have seen in applications for cellphones .
By Lyse Doucet
BBC News , Oslo
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The UN's former envoy to Afghanistan , Kai Eide , has strongly criticised Pakistan 's recent arrest of high - ranking Taliban leaders .
Mr Eide told the BBC the arrests had completely stopped a channel of secret communications with the UN .
Pakistani officials insist the arrests were not an attempt to spoil talks .
Mr Eide confirmed publicly for the first time that his secret contacts with senior Taliban members had begun a year ago .
This has to be an Afghan process
Kai Eide
He said they involved face - to - face talks in Dubai and elsewhere .
" The first contact was probably last spring , then of course you moved into the election process where there was a lull in activity , and then communication picked up when the election process was over , and it continued to pick up until a certain moment a few weeks ago , " he said .
Mr Eide said there were now many channels of communication with the Taliban , including those involving senior representatives of Afghan President Hamid Karzai .
Speaking at his home outside the Norwegian capital Oslo , Mr Eide would not comment on these other channels .
' Red lines '
Mr Eide described contacts with the Taliban as being " in the early stages ... talks about talks " .
RECENT TALIBAN ARRESTS 04 March 2010 : Senior Afghan Taliban leader Agha Jan Mohtasim reportedly arrested in Karachi 23 February : Senior Afghan Taliban leader Mullah Abdul Kabir reportedly held in North West Frontier Province 19 February : Two senior Afghan Taliban leaders , Mullah Abdul Salam and Mullah Mir Mohammad reportedly detained in Pakistan 17 February : Pakistan confirms arrest of Afghan Taliban second - in - command Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar in Karachi
He cautioned that it would take weeks , months or even longer to establish confidence , on both sides , to move forward , and to establish the " red lines " in any process .
A senior Afghan adviser to President Karzai recently told me that their contacts with the Taliban had also accelerated in recent months .
He also said the arrests had affected this process .
There has been intense speculation about why Pakistan moved against what are believed to be about a dozen leading members of the Taliban movement in recent weeks .
" The effect of [ the arrests ] , in total , certainly , was negative on our possibilities to continue the political process that we saw as so necessary at that particular juncture , " Mr Eide said .
" The Pakistanis did not play the role that they should have played ....
They must have known who they were , what kind of role they were playing , and you see the result today . "
In an interview this week , Pakistan 's military spokesman , Gen Athar Abbas , denied Pakistan had moved against these Taliban to stop any talks .
US officials have recently praised what they called a new co-operation by Pakistan .
' Senior figures '
Mr Eide was giving his first interview since ending his two - year mission this month .
Asked how high up his contacts were , Mr Eide said : " We met senior figures in the Taliban leadership and we also met people who have the authority of the Quetta Shura to engage in that kind of discussion . "
The Taliban leadership council , often referred to as the Quetta Shura , takes its name from the Pakistani city of Quetta where senior Taliban are widely believed to have been based .
Pakistan denies its existence in Quetta and says Taliban leaders go back and forth across their porous border .
As for the involvement of the Taliban leader , Mullah Omar , Mr Eide said : " I find it unthinkable that such contact would take place without his knowledge and also without his acceptance . "
His revelations seem to confirm a growing view that at least certain members of the Taliban movement are now open to discussing a negotiated end to the war .
But Mr Eide said he believed there were still disagreements .
There is also still no consensus among Afghanistan and its foreign allies about if , and how , to engage with a movement many of whose senior members are still linked to al - Qaeda .
The outgoing UN envoy , whose tenure was marked by controversy over a deeply tainted presidential election , said he hoped the upcoming " peace jirga " called by President Karzai in Kabul would help build the kind of agreement necessary to reach a consensus on the way forward .
Mr Eide said he believed it was the only way to end the war , and stressed : " This has to be an Afghan process . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
One of hip - hop 's most celebrated MCs is reportedly in a coma after suffering a cardiac arrest
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Rapper Guru is reported to be in a coma after suffering a heart attack yesterday ( Sunday 28 February ) .
The 43 - year - old is set to undergo surgery today at a hospital in New York .
The rapper 's condition was confirmed by DJ Premier , his partner in the seminal hip - hop group Gang Starr , in a phonecall to radio show Hip Hop Nation yesterday .
He is reported as ssaying : " Guru is in a coma and will go under surgery tomorrow afternoon . "
Guru , born Keith Alam , rose to prominence as an MC in the 80s .
Known for his distinctive voice and intelligent rhymes , he released a string of hits with Gang Starr , including Words I Manifest , Just to Get Rep and Full Clip .
The duo were reportedly on indefinite hiatus after 2003 album The Ownerz , with Guru and DJ Premier giving conflicting messages about their future .
However , Guru recently hinted on Twitter that he and DJ Premier were set to release new Gang Starr material imminently .
Guru is best known for his work on Jazzmatazz , a hip - hop and jazz fusion project that has yielded four albums and numerous tours .
The group 's booking agent confirmed that a number of forthcoming Jazzmatazz live dates have now been put on hold .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Karun Chandhok has been confirmed at the new HRT Formula 1 team , ahead of its official presentation in Spain today .
Chandhok will be presented to the public at the Murcia unveiling , which is set to confirm the team 's new identity and its plans for 2010 .
Colin Kolles , HRT 's team principal , said : " I am very pleased to use the Murcia site to officially unveil our car livery today .
We also complete the driver 's team line - up with the Indian Karun Chandhok at the wheel of the car for our first ever season .
" We have been very impressed with Karun 's performance in GP2 .
India is a great country .
It will be great for the sport to have an Indian driver on the grid for the first Indian Grand Prix .
Murcia is part of the roots of the team .
" Everything is now in place after an impossible race against time to register the team 's name and I truly believe that we have an excellent platform to build on and move forward for a strong 2010 performance .
Now , we need to work together .
We need to learn together and keep developing as a team . "
Jose Ramon Carabantes , the team chairman , added : " The new HRT F1 Team , Hispania Racing F1 Team is born in Murcia .
I am proud to welcome you in Murcia where the team has its roots and to have given to my country the pride of the first ever Spanish Formula 1 team .
" The name of the team contains the word Hispania , which is not only the name of one of my companies , but Hispania was also the Roman name for the Iberian Peninsula .
That reflects now our team 's new identity .
2010 will be a major debut for the team and drivers at the wheel of our HRT F1 Team car . "
An American woman known as " Jihad Jane " has been charged with recruiting jihadist fighters via the internet and conspiring to kill an unnamed person in Sweden .
The US justice department unsealed the indictment against Colleen LaRose , who was arrested last October , hours after Irish police arrested seven people accused of plotting to kill a Swedish cartoonist .
LaRose faces charges of " conspiracy to provide material support to terrorists , conspiracy to kill in a foreign country , making false statements to a government official and attempted identity theft " , the indictment said .
Over the course of at least a year , she is alleged to have used the internet to recruit men in South Asia , Europe and the US for terrorist attacks .
She is also accused of recruiting women " who had passports and the ability to travel to and around Europe in support of violent jihad " and of having stolen a US passport " and transferred or attempted to transfer it in an effort to facilitate an act of international terrorism " .
The indictment alleges LaRose received two messages in March last year from a person in a South Asian country instructing her to kill an unnamed Swedish resident .
" Kill him ... this is what i say to u , " the indictment quotes one message as saying .
" Kill ( the individual ) in a way that the whole Kufar [ non - believer ] world get frightened , " the second said .
" I will make this my goal till i achieve it or die trying , " LaRose allegedly responded .
US officials declined to comment on whether LaRose was connected to the arrest of four men and three women in Ireland over an alleged plot to kill Swedish cartoonist Lars Vilks .
An Al Qaeda - linked group has placed a $ US100,000 ( $ 109,000 ) bounty on his head in response to a cartoon he drew depicting the Prophet Mohammed with the body of a dog .
LaRose , also identified by the moniker " Fatima LaRose " , faces life in prison if convicted .
A MySpace page under the name " JihadJane " features a biography of a Pennsylvania woman who describes herself as having " reverted to Islam " .
" I live in Pennsylvania , originally from Texas .
I have recently reverted to Islam and I can safely say that of all the things I have ever done in my lifetime , bcomming [ sic ]
Muslim is what I am the proudest of . "
Elsewhere , the user lists her heroes as " Sheikh OBL " , an apparent reference to Al Qaeda leader Osama Bin Laden , and " The brothers in ... Jihad " .
The indictment and material released by SITE , a US group that monitors extremists , suggest LaRose had an active online presence despite being repeatedly banned from websites including YouTube and harbouring fears she was under surveillance .
- AFP
In recent weeks , the Iranian authorities have released dozens of high - profile opposition figures who were arrested after the disputed presidential election in June , rights advocates said Friday .
The prisoners were required to post bail in the hundreds of thousands of dollars , the advocates said .
Mohsen Mirdamadi , a former member of Parliament and reformist politician , was released this week after posting bail of $ 450,000 .
Saeed Leylaz , a prominent economist and journalist , and Bahman Ahmadi Amooee , another well - known journalist , were also released after paying substantial sums .
The advocacy group Human Rights Activists in Iran said Friday that about 18,000 people had been arrested since last summer , and that many of them remained in prison .
Emadeddin Baghi , a human rights activist and journalist , has been in solitary confinement for the past 50 days , the opposition Jaras Web site reported .
At least six people were sentenced to death last week for their role in the protests , in addition to two others who were executed in February .
On Thursday , on the eve of the Iranian New Year , the opposition leader Mir Hussein Moussavi issued a video reasserting his leadership and naming the new year one of “ perseverance and patience . ”
It was a direct affront to Iran ’s supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , who by tradition names the new year in a message delivered on March 21 .
1987 was the year when the first 350 tons ground effect “ ship ” from the series of Soviet battle missile carriers was produced .
It was called Lun after the Russian name for a bird of prey – hen harrier .
Another name for this vehicle was Project 903 .
It carried 6 Moskit cruise missiles ( SS - N - 22 Sunburn in NATO classification ) .
Hitting four of them causes inevitable sinking of a vessel of any know type and size .
The second Lun-class battle aircraft was supposed to be produced in several years but due to the end of cold war and partial disarmament the project was changed to a rescue aircraft and it was never finished .
This type of vehicle called in Russian ekranoplan uses so called ground effect – extra lift of large wings when in proximity to the surface .
For this reason they have been designed to travel at a maximum of three meters above the sea but at the same time could provide take off , stable “ flight ” and safe “ landing ” in conditions of up to 5 - meter waves .
These crafts were originally developed by the Soviet Union as high - speed military transports , and were based mostly on the shores of the Caspian Sea and Black Sea .
In 2005 crafts of this type have been classified by the International Marine Organization so they probably should be considered flying ships rather than swimming planes .
It is also interesting to note that this aircraft is one of the largest ever built , with a length of 73,8 meters ( comparing with 73 of Airbus A380 ) .
Lun doesn ‘t have a landing gear , only a huge hydroski so there ’s no way for it to get on land and for this reason a special floating dry dock was designed for it .
This hybrid vehicle is driven by 8 turbojet engines .
Functionally the body of this strange ship was divided into 4 parts : fore , middle , after - part and keel together with stabilizer .
Fore part possesses pilot house and a pillar holding 8 main engines , as well as a room with secondary ones .
Middle and after parts were fully equipped with test facilities but still have also a caboose and a toilet .
The whole keel is filled with power installation for electricity supply during mooring and a complex of radio navigation and communication equipment .
A room for a gunner is placed in a cross -line of keel and stabilizer at a height of 12 meters over the waterline .
The ecranoplan ’s crew consisted of 7 officers and 4 warrant officers .
It could be absolutely autonomous for 5 days .
Hybrid Camry
Now , the customers of the Toyota Hybrid Camry can choose from a variety of genuine accessories , which will surely add style and panache to their new car .
Both the models of the Hybrid Camry come with alloy wheels ( these are standard ) – for this , Toyota offers a Toyota Genuine allow wheel lock nut set , this helps to prevent any theft .
The modern styling of the vehicle is complemented by the subtle and stylish slim - line weather shield on the car , in fact , the set of four weather shields sits closer to the body of the car than is usually the case .
These weather shields are made from tinted and UV resistant plastic – and there is also an elegant chrome strip .
Customers can also go for a standard front weather shield , both of which are tailored specially keeping the Camry in mind .
If customers want additional style , they can choose a rear spoiler .
The low profile rear spoiler is constructed from quality , impact - resistant plastic – and adds visual presence to the appearance of the Camry .
Customers can buy the Toyota Genuine headlamp covers and bonnet protector – which give protection against stone chips , insects , and other kinds of damage .
All of these protective accessories have been made from high - strength acrylic , which is resistant to not only cracking but also to UV discoloration .
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev. ( ( Associated Press ) )
Fresh tensions between Canada and Russia emerged Wednesday after Russian President Dmitry Medvedev told a session of his Security Council that his country must be prepared to defend its claims to Arctic mineral riches .
Medvedev predicted climate change will spark further conflicts as ice melts , exposing new areas for exploration .
" Regrettably , we have seen attempts to limit Russia 's access to the exploration and development of the Arctic mineral resources , " he said .
" That 's absolutely inadmissible from the legal viewpoint and unfair given our nation 's geographical location and history . "
In a direct response , Canada said it would reassert its sovereignty over the Far North at what is shaping up to be a controversial five - country Arctic summit it is hosting in two weeks in Chelsea , Que. , outside Ottawa .
" Canada 's sovereignty over lands , islands and waters of the Canadian Arctic is long - standing , well - established and based on historical title , " Catherine Loubier , spokeswoman for Foreign Affairs Minister Lawrence Cannon , told The Canadian Press .
" This government is dedicated to fulfilling the North 's true potential as a healthy , prosperous and secure region within a strong and sovereign Canada .
We take our responsibility for the future of the region seriously . "
Loubier noted that Canada has committed to building a " world - class " High Arctic research station , will continue to map " our northern resources and waters , " and is taking action to reduce pollution and increase marine safety .
The government has also announced a new fleet of Arctic patrol ships , a deep water port , and is expanding and re-equipping the Canadian Rangers .
" Foreign ministers from the other Arctic Ocean coastal states are expected to discuss these issues when they meet on March 29 in Chelsea , " she said .
This latest flare - up between Canada and Russia comes as Cannon prepares to host talks with foreign ministers from four other Arctic coastal states — Russia , the United States , Denmark and Norway .
Indeed , all five of those Arctic countries are making claims over parts of the resource - rich region , which experts believe holds one - quarter of Earth 's untapped oil and gas reserves .
Front page photo by Ruvan Wijesooriya
Yes !
New LCD Soundsystem !
One Thirty BPM has a stream of " Drunk Girls " , apparently the first single from LCD 's still - untitled new album , due May 18 in the U.S. on DFA / Virgin ( May 17 in the UK on DFA / Parlophone ) .
In a recent interview with Pitchfork , James Murphy told us that the song is " about drunk people and fun things and the fact that all of the boys of the L.A. mansion we recorded at were called ' the girls ' by our chef .
We were the ladies of the mansion . "
UPDATE : Here 's a better sounding official stream of " Drunk Girls " :
You can also hear a piece of another new track , " Pow Pow " , at Juno .
Exham Priory had remained untenanted , though later allotted to the estates of the Norrys family and much studied because of its peculiarly composite architecture ; an architecture involving Gothic towers resting on a Saxon or Romanesque substructure , whose foundation in turn was of a still earlier order or blend of orders — Roman , and even Druidic or native Cymric , if legends speak truly .
This foundation was a very singular thing , being merged on one side with the solid limestone of the precipice from whose brink the priory overlooked a desolate valley three miles west of the village of Anchester .
Architects and antiquarians loved to examine this strange relic of forgotten centuries , but the country folk hated it .
They had hated it hundreds of years before , when my ancestors lived there , and they hated it now , with the moss and mould of abandonment on it .
I had not been a day in Anchester before I knew I came of an accursed house .
And this week workmen have blown up Exham Priory , and are busy obliterating the traces of its foundations .
The bare statistics of my ancestry I had always known , together with the fact that my first American forbear had come to the colonies under a strange cloud .
Of details , however , I had been kept wholly ignorant through the policy of reticence always maintained by the Delapores .
Unlike our planter neighbours , we seldom boasted of crusading ancestors or other mediaeval and Renaissance heroes ; nor was any kind of tradition handed down except what may have been recorded in the sealed envelope left before the Civil War by every squire to his eldest son for posthumous opening .
The glories we cherished were those achieved since the migration ; the glories of a proud and honourable , if somewhat reserved and unsocial Virginia line .
During the war our fortunes were extinguished and our whole existence changed by the burning of Carfax , our home on the banks of the James .
My grandfather , advanced in years , had perished in that incendiary outrage , and with him the envelope that bound us all to the past .
I can recall that fire today as I saw it then at the age of seven , with the Federal soldiers shouting , the women screaming , and the negroes howling and praying .
My father was in the army , defending Richmond , and after many formalities my mother and I were passed through the lines to join him .
When the war ended we all moved north , whence my mother had come ; and I grew to manhood , middle age , and ultimate wealth as a stolid Yankee .
Neither my father nor I ever knew what our hereditary envelope had contained , and as I merged into the greyness of Massachusetts business life I lost all interest in the mysteries which evidently lurked far back in my family tree .
Had I suspected their nature , how gladly I would have left Exham Priory to its moss , bats , and cobwebs !
My father died in 1904 , but without any message to leave me , or to my only child , Alfred , a motherless boy of ten .
It was this boy who reversed the order of family information ; for although I could give him only jesting conjectures about the past , he wrote me of some very interesting ancestral legends when the late war took him to England in 1917 as an aviation officer .
Apparently the Delapores had a colourful and perhaps sinister history , for a friend of my son’s , Capt .
Edward Norrys of the Royal Flying Corps , dwelt near the family seat at Anchester and related some peasant superstitions which few novelists could equal for wildness and incredibility .
Norrys himself , of course , did not take them seriously ; but they amused my son and made good material for his letters to me .
It was this legendry which definitely turned my attention to my transatlantic heritage , and made me resolve to purchase and restore the family seat which Norrys shewed to Alfred in its picturesque desertion , and offered to get for him at a surprisingly reasonable figure , since his own uncle was the present owner .
I bought Exham Priory in 1918 , but was almost immediately distracted from my plans of restoration by the return of my son as a maimed invalid .
During the two years that he lived I thought of nothing but his care , having even placed my business under the direction of partners .
In 1921 , as I found myself bereaved and aimless , a retired manufacturer no longer young , I resolved to divert my remaining years with my new possession .
Visiting Anchester in December , I was entertained by Capt .
Norrys , a plump , amiable young man who had thought much of my son , and secured his assistance in gathering plans and anecdotes to guide in the coming restoration .
Exham Priory itself I saw without emotion , a jumble of tottering mediaeval ruins covered with lichens and honeycombed with rooks ’ nests , perched perilously upon a precipice , and denuded of floors or other interior features save the stone walls of the separate towers .
As I gradually recovered the image of the edifice as it had been when my ancestor left it over three centuries before , I began to hire workmen for the reconstruction .
In every case I was forced to go outside the immediate locality , for the Anchester villagers had an almost unbelievable fear and hatred of the place .
This sentiment was so great that it was sometimes communicated to the outside labourers , causing numerous desertions ; whilst its scope appeared to include both the priory and its ancient family .
My son had told me that he was somewhat avoided during his visits because he was a de la Poer , and I now found myself subtly ostracised for a like reason until I convinced the peasants how little I knew of my heritage .
Even then they sullenly disliked me , so that I had to collect most of the village traditions through the mediation of Norrys .
What the people could not forgive , perhaps , was that I had come to restore a symbol so abhorrent to them ; for , rationally or not , they viewed Exham Priory as nothing less than a haunt of fiends and werewolves .
Piecing together the tales which Norrys collected for me , and supplementing them with the accounts of several savants who had studied the ruins , I deduced that Exham Priory stood on the site of a prehistoric temple ; a Druidical or ante-Druidical thing which must have been contemporary with Stonehenge .
That indescribable rites had been celebrated there , few doubted ; and there were unpleasant tales of the transference of these rites into the Cybele - worship which the Romans had introduced .
Inscriptions still visible in the sub - cellar bore such unmistakable letters as “ DIV . . . OPS . . .
MAGNA . MAT . . . ” sign of the Magna Mater whose dark worship was once vainly forbidden to Roman citizens .
Anchester had been the camp of the third Augustan legion , as many remains attest , and it was said that the temple of Cybele was splendid and thronged with worshippers who performed nameless ceremonies at the bidding of a Phrygian priest .
Tales added that the fall of the old religion did not end the orgies at the temple , but that the priests lived on in the new faith without real change .
Likewise was it said that the rites did not vanish with the Roman power , and that certain among the Saxons added to what remained of the temple , and gave it the essential outline it subsequently preserved , making it the centre of a cult feared through half the heptarchy .
About 1000 A.D. the place is mentioned in a chronicle as being a substantial stone priory housing a strange and powerful monastic order and surrounded by extensive gardens which needed no walls to exclude a frightened populace .
It was never destroyed by the Danes , though after the Norman Conquest it must have declined tremendously ; since there was no impediment when Henry the Third granted the site to my ancestor , Gilbert de la Poer , First Baron Exham , in 1261 .
Of my family before this date there is no evil report , but something strange must have happened then .
In one chronicle there is a reference to a de la Poer as “ cursed of God ” in 1307 , whilst village legendry had nothing but evil and frantic fear to tell of the castle that went up on the foundations of the old temple and priory .
The fireside tales were of the most grisly description , all the ghastlier because of their frightened reticence and cloudy evasiveness .
They represented my ancestors as a race of hereditary daemons beside whom Gilles de Retz and the Marquis de Sade would seem the veriest tyros , and hinted whisperingly at their responsibility for the occasional disappearance of villagers through several generations .
The worst characters , apparently , were the barons and their direct heirs ; at least , most was whispered about these .
If of healthier inclinations , it was said , an heir would early and mysteriously die to make way for another more typical scion .
There seemed to be an inner cult in the family , presided over by the head of the house , and sometimes closed except to a few members .
Temperament rather than ancestry was evidently the basis of this cult , for it was entered by several who married into the family .
Lady Margaret Trevor from Cornwall , wife of Godfrey , the second son of the fifth baron , became a favourite bane of children all over the countryside , and the daemon heroine of a particularly horrible old ballad not yet extinct near the Welsh border .
Preserved in balladry , too , though not illustrating the same point , is the hideous tale of Lady Mary de la Poer , who shortly after her marriage to the Earl of Shrewsfield was killed by him and his mother , both of the slayers being absolved and blessed by the priest to whom they confessed what they dared not repeat to the world .
These myths and ballads , typical as they were of crude superstition , repelled me greatly .
Their persistence , and their application to so long a line of my ancestors , were especially annoying ; whilst the imputations of monstrous habits proved unpleasantly reminiscent of the one known scandal of my immediate forbears — the case of my cousin , young Randolph Delapore of Carfax , who went among the negroes and became a voodoo priest after he returned from the Mexican War .
I was much less disturbed by the vaguer tales of wails and howlings in the barren , windswept valley beneath the limestone cliff ; of the graveyard stenches after the spring rains ; of the floundering , squealing white thing on which Sir John Clave ’s horse had trod one night in a lonely field ; and of the servant who had gone mad at what he saw in the priory in the full light of day .
These things were hackneyed spectral lore , and I was at that time a pronounced sceptic .
The accounts of vanished peasants were less to be dismissed , though not especially significant in view of mediaeval custom .
Prying curiosity meant death , and more than one severed head had been publicly shewn on the bastions — now effaced — around Exham Priory .
A few of the tales were exceedingly picturesque , and made me wish I had learnt more of comparative mythology in my youth .
There was , for instance , the belief that a legion of bat - winged devils kept Witches ’ Sabbath each night at the priory — a legion whose sustenance might explain the disproportionate abundance of coarse vegetables harvested in the vast gardens .
And , most vivid of all , there was the dramatic epic of the rats — the scampering army of obscene vermin which had burst forth from the castle three months after the tragedy that doomed it to desertion — the lean , filthy , ravenous army which had swept all before it and devoured fowl , cats , dogs , hogs , sheep , and even two hapless human beings before its fury was spent .
Around that unforgettable rodent army a whole separate cycle of myths revolves , for it scattered among the village homes and brought curses and horrors in its train .
Such was the lore that assailed me as I pushed to completion , with an elderly obstinacy , the work of restoring my ancestral home .
It must not be imagined for a moment that these tales formed my principal psychological environment .
On the other hand , I was constantly praised and encouraged by Capt .
Norrys and the antiquarians who surrounded and aided me .
When the task was done , over two years after its commencement , I viewed the great rooms , wainscotted walls , vaulted ceilings , mullioned windows , and broad staircases with a pride which fully compensated for the prodigious expense of the restoration .
Every attribute of the Middle Ages was cunningly reproduced , and the new parts blended perfectly with the original walls and foundations .
The seat of my fathers was complete , and I looked forward to redeeming at last the local fame of the line which ended in me .
I would reside here permanently , and prove that a de la Poer ( for I had adopted again the original spelling of the name ) need not be a fiend .
My comfort was perhaps augmented by the fact that , although Exham Priory was mediaevally fitted , its interior was in truth wholly new and free from old vermin and old ghosts alike .
As I have said , I moved in on July 16 , 1923 .
My household consisted of seven servants and nine cats , of which latter species I am particularly fond .
My eldest cat , “ Nigger - Man ” , was seven years old and had come with me from my home in Bolton , Massachusetts ; the others I had accumulated whilst living with Capt .
Norrys ’ family during the restoration of the priory .
For five days our routine proceeded with the utmost placidity , my time being spent mostly in the codification of old family data .
I had now obtained some very circumstantial accounts of the final tragedy and flight of Walter de la Poer , which I conceived to be the probable contents of the hereditary paper lost in the fire at Carfax .
It appeared that my ancestor was accused with much reason of having killed all the other members of his household , except four servant confederates , in their sleep , about two weeks after a shocking discovery which changed his whole demeanour , but which , except by implication , he disclosed to no one save perhaps the servants who assisted him and afterward fled beyond reach .
This deliberate slaughter , which included a father , three brothers , and two sisters , was largely condoned by the villagers , and so slackly treated by the law that its perpetrator escaped honoured , unharmed , and undisguised to Virginia ; the general whispered sentiment being that he had purged the land of an immemorial curse .
What discovery had prompted an act so terrible , I could scarcely even conjecture .
Walter de la Poer must have known for years the sinister tales about his family , so that this material could have given him no fresh impulse .
Had he , then , witnessed some appalling ancient rite , or stumbled upon some frightful and revealing symbol in the priory or its vicinity ?
He was reputed to have been a shy , gentle youth in England .
In Virginia he seemed not so much hard or bitter as harassed and apprehensive .
He was spoken of in the diary of another gentleman - adventurer , Francis Harley of Bellview , as a man of unexampled justice , honour , and delicacy .
On July 22 occurred the first incident which , though lightly dismissed at the time , takes on a preternatural significance in relation to later events .
It was so simple as to be almost negligible , and could not possibly have been noticed under the circumstances ; for it must be recalled that since I was in a building practically fresh and new except for the walls , and surrounded by a well - balanced staff of servitors , apprehension would have been absurd despite the locality .
What I afterward remembered is merely this — that my old black cat , whose moods I know so well , was undoubtedly alert and anxious to an extent wholly out of keeping with his natural character .
He roved from room to room , restless and disturbed , and sniffed constantly about the walls which formed part of the old Gothic structure .
I realise how trite this sounds — like the inevitable dog in the ghost story , which always growls before his master sees the sheeted figure — yet I cannot consistently suppress it .
The following day a servant complained of restlessness among all the cats in the house .
He came to me in my study , a lofty west room on the second story , with groined arches , black oak panelling , and a triple Gothic window overlooking the limestone cliff and desolate valley ; and even as he spoke I saw the jetty form of Nigger - Man creeping along the west wall and scratching at the new panels which overlaid the ancient stone .
I told the man that there must be some singular odour or emanation from the old stonework , imperceptible to human senses , but affecting the delicate organs of cats even through the new woodwork .
This I truly believed , and when the fellow suggested the presence of mice or rats , I mentioned that there had been no rats there for three hundred years , and that even the field mice of the surrounding country could hardly be found in these high walls , where they had never been known to stray .
That afternoon I called on Capt .
Norrys , and he assured me that it would be quite incredible for field mice to infest the priory in such a sudden and unprecedented fashion .
That night , dispensing as usual with a valet , I retired in the west tower chamber which I had chosen as my own , reached from the study by a stone staircase and short gallery — the former partly ancient , the latter entirely restored .
This room was circular , very high , and without wainscotting , being hung with arras which I had myself chosen in London .
Seeing that Nigger - Man was with me , I shut the heavy Gothic door and retired by the light of the electric bulbs which so cleverly counterfeited candles , finally switching off the light and sinking on the carved and canopied four - poster , with the venerable cat in his accustomed place across my feet .
I did not draw the curtains , but gazed out at the narrow north window which I faced .
There was a suspicion of aurora in the sky , and the delicate traceries of the window were pleasantly silhouetted .
At some time I must have fallen quietly asleep , for I recall a distinct sense of leaving strange dreams , when the cat started violently from his placid position .
I saw him in the faint auroral glow , head strained forward , fore feet on my ankles , and hind feet stretched behind .
He was looking intensely at a point on the wall somewhat west of the window , a point which to my eye had nothing to mark it , but toward which all my attention was now directed .
And as I watched , I knew that Nigger - Man was not vainly excited .
Whether the arras actually moved I can not say .
I think it did , very slightly .
But what I can swear to is that behind it I heard a low , distinct scurrying as of rats or mice .
In a moment the cat had jumped bodily on the screening tapestry , bringing the affected section to the floor with his weight , and exposing a damp , ancient wall of stone ; patched here and there by the restorers , and devoid of any trace of rodent prowlers .
Nigger - Man raced up and down the floor by this part of the wall , clawing the fallen arras and seemingly trying at times to insert a paw between the wall and the oaken floor .
He found nothing , and after a time returned wearily to his place across my feet .
I had not moved , but I did not sleep again that night .
In the morning I questioned all the servants , and found that none of them had noticed anything unusual , save that the cook remembered the actions of a cat which had rested on her windowsill .
This cat had howled at some unknown hour of the night , awaking the cook in time for her to see him dart purposefully out of the open door down the stairs .
I drowsed away the noontime , and in the afternoon called again on Capt .
Norrys , who became exceedingly interested in what I told him .
The odd incidents — so slight yet so curious — appealed to his sense of the picturesque , and elicited from him a number of reminiscences of local ghostly lore .
We were genuinely perplexed at the presence of rats , and Norrys lent me some traps and Paris green , which I had the servants place in strategic localities when I returned .
I retired early , being very sleepy , but was harassed by dreams of the most horrible sort .
I seemed to be looking down from an immense height upon a twilit grotto , knee - deep with filth , where a white - bearded daemon swineherd drove about with his staff a flock of fungous , flabby beasts whose appearance filled me with unutterable loathing .
Then , as the swineherd paused and nodded over his task , a mighty swarm of rats rained down on the stinking abyss and fell to devouring beasts and man alike .
From this terrific vision I was abruptly awaked by the motions of Nigger - Man , who had been sleeping as usual across my feet .
This time I did not have to question the source of his snarls and hisses , and of the fear which made him sink his claws into my ankle , unconscious of their effect ; for on every side of the chamber the walls were alive with nauseous sound — the verminous slithering of ravenous , gigantic rats .
There was now no aurora to shew the state of the arras — the fallen section of which had been replaced — but I was not too frightened to switch on the light .
As the bulbs leapt into radiance I saw a hideous shaking all over the tapestry , causing the somewhat peculiar designs to execute a singular dance of death .
This motion disappeared almost at once , and the sound with it .
Springing out of bed , I poked at the arras with the long handle of a warming - pan that rested near , and lifted one section to see what lay beneath .
There was nothing but the patched stone wall , and even the cat had lost his tense realisation of abnormal presences .
When I examined the circular trap that had been placed in the room , I found all of the openings sprung , though no trace remained of what had been caught and had escaped .
Further sleep was out of the question , so , lighting a candle , I opened the door and went out in the gallery toward the stairs to my study , Nigger - Man following at my heels .
Before we had reached the stone steps , however , the cat darted ahead of me and vanished down the ancient flight .
As I descended the stairs myself , I became suddenly aware of sounds in the great room below ; sounds of a nature which could not be mistaken .
The oak - panelled walls were alive with rats , scampering and milling , whilst Nigger - Man was racing about with the fury of a baffled hunter .
Reaching the bottom , I switched on the light , which did not this time cause the noise to subside .
The rats continued their riot , stampeding with such force and distinctness that I could finally assign to their motions a definite direction .
These creatures , in numbers apparently inexhaustible , were engaged in one stupendous migration from inconceivable heights to some depth conceivably , or inconceivably , below .
I now heard steps in the corridor , and in another moment two servants pushed open the massive door .
They were searching the house for some unknown source of disturbance which had thrown all the cats into a snarling panic and caused them to plunge precipitately down several flights of stairs and squat , yowling , before the closed door to the sub-cellar .
I asked them if they had heard the rats , but they replied in the negative .
And when I turned to call their attention to the sounds in the panels , I realised that the noise had ceased .
With the two men , I went down to the door of the sub-cellar , but found the cats already dispersed .
Later I resolved to explore the crypt below , but for the present I merely made a round of the traps .
All were sprung , yet all were tenantless .
Satisfying myself that no one had heard the rats save the felines and me , I sat in my study till morning ; thinking profoundly , and recalling every scrap of legend I had unearthed concerning the building I inhabited .
I slept some in the forenoon , leaning back in the one comfortable library chair which my mediaeval plan of furnishing could not banish .
Later I telephoned to Capt .
Norrys , who came over and helped me explore the sub-cellar .
Absolutely nothing untoward was found , although we could not repress a thrill at the knowledge that this vault was built by Roman hands .
Every low arch and massive pillar was Roman — not the debased Romanesque of the bungling Saxons , but the severe and harmonious classicism of the age of the Caesars ; indeed , the walls abounded with inscriptions familiar to the antiquarians who had repeatedly explored the place — things like “ P.GETAE .
PROP . . .
TEMP . . . DONA . . . ” and “ L. PRAEC . . . VS . . .
PONTIFI . . . ATYS . . . ”
The reference to Atys made me shiver , for I had read Catullus and knew something of the hideous rites of the Eastern god , whose worship was so mixed with that of Cybele .
Norrys and I , by the light of lanterns , tried to interpret the odd and nearly effaced designs on certain irregularly rectangular blocks of stone generally held to be altars , but could make nothing of them .
We remembered that one pattern , a sort of rayed sun , was held by students to imply a non-Roman origin , suggesting that these altars had merely been adopted by the Roman priests from some older and perhaps aboriginal temple on the same site .
On one of these blocks were some brown stains which made me wonder .
The largest , in the centre of the room , had certain features on the upper surface which indicated its connexion with fire — probably burnt offerings .
Such were the sights in that crypt before whose door the cats had howled , and where Norrys and I now determined to pass the night .
Couches were brought down by the servants , who were told not to mind any nocturnal actions of the cats , and Nigger - Man was admitted as much for help as for companionship .
We decided to keep the great oak door — a modern replica with slits for ventilation — tightly closed ; and , with this attended to , we retired with lanterns still burning to await whatever might occur .
The vault was very deep in the foundations of the priory , and undoubtedly far down on the face of the beetling limestone cliff overlooking the waste valley .
That it had been the goal of the scuffling and unexplainable rats I could not doubt , though why , I could not tell .
As we lay there expectantly , I found my vigil occasionally mixed with half - formed dreams from which the uneasy motions of the cat across my feet would rouse me .
These dreams were not wholesome , but horribly like the one I had had the night before .
I saw again the twilit grotto , and the swineherd with his unmentionable fungous beasts wallowing in filth , and as I looked at these things they seemed nearer and more distinct — so distinct that I could almost observe their features .
Then I did observe the flabby features of one of them — and awaked with such a scream that Nigger - Man started up , whilst Capt .
Norrys , who had not slept , laughed considerably .
Norrys might have laughed more — or perhaps less — had he known what it was that made me scream .
But I did not remember myself till later .
Ultimate horror often paralyses memory in a merciful way .
Norrys waked me when the phenomena began .
Out of the same frightful dream I was called by his gentle shaking and his urging to listen to the cats .
Indeed , there was much to listen to , for beyond the closed door at the head of the stone steps was a veritable nightmare of feline yelling and clawing , whilst Nigger - Man , unmindful of his kindred outside , was running excitedly around the bare stone walls , in which I heard the same babel of scurrying rats that had troubled me the night before .
An acute terror now rose within me , for here were anomalies which nothing normal could well explain .
These rats , if not the creatures of a madness which I shared with the cats alone , must be burrowing and sliding in Roman walls I had thought to be of solid limestone blocks . . . unless perhaps the action of water through more than seventeen centuries had eaten winding tunnels which rodent bodies had worn clear and ample .
. . .
But even so , the spectral horror was no less ; for if these were living vermin why did not Norrys hear their disgusting commotion ?
Why did he urge me to watch Nigger - Man and listen to the cats outside , and why did he guess wildly and vaguely at what could have aroused them ?
By the time I had managed to tell him , as rationally as I could , what I thought I was hearing , my ears gave me the last fading impression of the scurrying ; which had retreated still downward , far underneath this deepest of sub-cellars till it seemed as if the whole cliff below were riddled with questing rats .
Norrys was not as sceptical as I had anticipated , but instead seemed profoundly moved .
He motioned to me to notice that the cats at the door had ceased their clamour , as if giving up the rats for lost ; whilst Nigger - Man had a burst of renewed restlessness , and was clawing frantically around the bottom of the large stone altar in the centre of the room , which was nearer Norrys ’ couch than mine .
My fear of the unknown was at this point very great .
Something astounding had occurred , and I saw that Capt .
Norrys , a younger , stouter , and presumably more naturally materialistic man , was affected fully as much as myself — perhaps because of his lifelong and intimate familiarity with local legend .
We could for the moment do nothing but watch the old black cat as he pawed with decreasing fervour at the base of the altar , occasionally looking up and mewing to me in that persuasive manner which he used when he wished me to perform some favour for him .
Norrys now took a lantern close to the altar and examined the place where Nigger - Man was pawing ; silently kneeling and scraping away the lichens of centuries which joined the massive pre-Roman block to the tessellated floor .
He did not find anything , and was about to abandon his effort when I noticed a trivial circumstance which made me shudder , even though it implied nothing more than I had already imagined .
I told him of it , and we both looked at its almost imperceptible manifestation with the fixedness of fascinated discovery and acknowledgment .
It was only this — that the flame of the lantern set down near the altar was slightly but certainly flickering from a draught of air which it had not before received , and which came indubitably from the crevice between floor and altar where Norrys was scraping away the lichens .
We spent the rest of the night in the brilliantly lighted study , nervously discussing what we should do next .
The discovery that some vault deeper than the deepest known masonry of the Romans underlay this accursed pile — some vault unsuspected by the curious antiquarians of three centuries — would have been sufficient to excite us without any background of the sinister .
As it was , the fascination became twofold ; and we paused in doubt whether to abandon our search and quit the priory forever in superstitious caution , or to gratify our sense of adventure and brave whatever horrors might await us in the unknown depths .
By morning we had compromised , and decided to go to London to gather a group of archaeologists and scientific men fit to cope with the mystery .
It should be mentioned that before leaving the sub - cellar we had vainly tried to move the central altar which we now recognised as the gate to a new pit of nameless fear .
What secret would open the gate , wiser men than we would have to find .
During many days in London Capt .
Norrys and I presented our facts , conjectures , and legendary anecdotes to five eminent authorities , all men who could be trusted to respect any family disclosures which future explorations might develop .
We found most of them little disposed to scoff , but instead intensely interested and sincerely sympathetic .
It is hardly necessary to name them all , but I may say that they included Sir William Brinton , whose excavations in the Troad excited most of the world in their day .
As we all took the train for Anchester I felt myself poised on the brink of frightful revelations , a sensation symbolised by the air of mourning among the many Americans at the unexpected death of the President on the other side of the world .
On the evening of August 7th we reached Exham Priory , where the servants assured me that nothing unusual had occurred .
The cats , even old Nigger - Man , had been perfectly placid ; and not a trap in the house had been sprung .
We were to begin exploring on the following day , awaiting which I assigned well - appointed rooms to all my guests .
I myself retired in my own tower chamber , with Nigger - Man across my feet .
Sleep came quickly , but hideous dreams assailed me .
There was a vision of a Roman feast like that of Trimalchio , with a horror in a covered platter .
Then came that damnable , recurrent thing about the swineherd and his filthy drove in the twilit grotto .
Yet when I awoke it was full daylight , with normal sounds in the house below .
The rats , living or spectral , had not troubled me ; and Nigger - Man was quietly asleep .
On going down , I found that the same tranquillity had prevailed elsewhere ; a condition which one of the assembled savants — a fellow named Thornton , devoted to the psychic — rather absurdly laid to the fact that I had now been shewn the thing which certain forces had wished to shew me .
All was now ready , and at 11 a.m. our entire group of seven men , bearing powerful electric searchlights and implements of excavation , went down to the sub - cellar and bolted the door behind us .
Nigger - Man was with us , for the investigators found no occasion to despise his excitability , and were indeed anxious that he be present in case of obscure rodent manifestations .
We noted the Roman inscriptions and unknown altar designs only briefly , for three of the savants had already seen them , and all knew their characteristics .
Prime attention was paid to the momentous central altar , and within an hour Sir William Brinton had caused it to tilt backward , balanced by some unknown species of counterweight .
There now lay revealed such a horror as would have overwhelmed us had we not been prepared .
Through a nearly square opening in the tiled floor , sprawling on a flight of stone steps so prodigiously worn that it was little more than an inclined plane at the centre , was a ghastly array of human or semi-human bones .
Those which retained their collocation as skeletons shewed attitudes of panic fear , and over all were the marks of rodent gnawing .
The skulls denoted nothing short of utter idiocy , cretinism , or primitive semi-apedom .
Above the hellishly littered steps arched a descending passage seemingly chiselled from the solid rock , and conducting a current of air .
This current was not a sudden and noxious rush as from a closed vault , but a cool breeze with something of freshness in it .
We did not pause long , but shiveringly began to clear a passage down the steps .
It was then that Sir William , examining the hewn walls , made the odd observation that the passage , according to the direction of the strokes , must have been chiselled from beneath .
I must be very deliberate now , and choose my words .
After ploughing down a few steps amidst the gnawed bones we saw that there was light ahead ; not any mystic phosphorescence , but a filtered daylight which could not come except from unknown fissures in the cliff that overlooked the waste valley .
That such fissures had escaped notice from outside was hardly remarkable , for not only is the valley wholly uninhabited , but the cliff is so high and beetling that only an aëronaut could study its face in detail .
A few steps more , and our breaths were literally snatched from us by what we saw ; so literally that Thornton , the psychic investigator , actually fainted in the arms of the dazed man who stood behind him .
Norrys , his plump face utterly white and flabby , simply cried out inarticulately ; whilst I think that what I did was to gasp or hiss , and cover my eyes .
The man behind me — the only one of the party older than I — croaked the hackneyed “ My God ! ” in the most cracked voice I ever heard .
Of seven cultivated men , only Sir William Brinton retained his composure ; a thing more to his credit because he led the party and must have seen the sight first .
It was a twilit grotto of enormous height , stretching away farther than any eye could see ; a subterraneous world of limitless mystery and horrible suggestion .
There were buildings and other architectural remains — in one terrified glance I saw a weird pattern of tumuli , a savage circle of monoliths , a low - domed Roman ruin , a sprawling Saxon pile , and an early English edifice of wood — but all these were dwarfed by the ghoulish spectacle presented by the general surface of the ground .
For yards about the steps extended an insane tangle of human bones , or bones at least as human as those on the steps .
Like a foamy sea they stretched , some fallen apart , but others wholly or partly articulated as skeletons ; these latter invariably in postures of daemoniac frenzy , either fighting off some menace or clutching other forms with cannibal intent .
When Dr. Trask , the anthropologist , stooped to classify the skulls , he found a degraded mixture which utterly baffled him .
They were mostly lower than the Piltdown man in the scale of evolution , but in every case definitely human .
Many were of higher grade , and a very few were the skulls of supremely and sensitively developed types .
All the bones were gnawed , mostly by rats , but somewhat by others of the half - human drove .
Mixed with them were many tiny bones of rats — fallen members of the lethal army which closed the ancient epic .
I wonder that any man among us lived and kept his sanity through that hideous day of discovery .
Not Hoffmann or Huysmans could conceive a scene more wildly incredible , more frenetically repellent , or more Gothically grotesque than the twilit grotto through which we seven staggered ; each stumbling on revelation after revelation , and trying to keep for the nonce from thinking of the events which must have taken place there three hundred years , or a thousand , or two thousand , or ten thousand years ago .
It was the antechamber of hell , and poor Thornton fainted again when Trask told him that some of the skeleton things must have descended as quadrupeds through the last twenty or more generations .
Horror piled on horror as we began to interpret the architectural remains .
The quadruped things — with their occasional recruits from the biped class — had been kept in stone pens , out of which they must have broken in their last delirium of hunger or rat - fear .
There had been great herds of them , evidently fattened on the coarse vegetables whose remains could be found as a sort of poisonous ensilage at the bottom of huge stone bins older than Rome .
I knew now why my ancestors had had such excessive gardens — would to heaven I could forget !
The purpose of the herds I did not have to ask .
Sir William , standing with his searchlight in the Roman ruin , translated aloud the most shocking ritual I have ever known ; and told of the diet of the antediluvian cult which the priests of Cybele found and mingled with their own .
Norrys , used as he was to the trenches , could not walk straight when he came out of the English building .
It was a butcher shop and kitchen — he had expected that — but it was too much to see familiar English implements in such a place , and to read familiar English graffiti there , some as recent as 1610 .
I could not go in that building — that building whose daemon activities were stopped only by the dagger of my ancestor Walter de la Poer .
What I did venture to enter was the low Saxon building , whose oaken door had fallen , and there I found a terrible row of ten stone cells with rusty bars .
Three had tenants , all skeletons of high grade , and on the bony forefinger of one I found a seal ring with my own coat - of - arms .
Sir William found a vault with far older cells below the Roman chapel , but these cells were empty .
Below them was a low crypt with cases of formally arranged bones , some of them bearing terrible parallel inscriptions carved in Latin , Greek , and the tongue of Phrygia .
Meanwhile , Dr. Trask had opened one of the prehistoric tumuli , and brought to light skulls which were slightly more human than a gorilla ’s , and which bore indescribable ideographic carvings .
Through all this horror my cat stalked unperturbed .
Once I saw him monstrously perched atop a mountain of bones , and wondered at the secrets that might lie behind his yellow eyes .
Having grasped to some slight degree the frightful revelations of this twilit area — an area so hideously foreshadowed by my recurrent dream — we turned to that apparently boundless depth of midnight cavern where no ray of light from the cliff could penetrate .
We shall never know what sightless Stygian worlds yawn beyond the little distance we went , for it was decided that such secrets are not good for mankind .
But there was plenty to engross us close at hand , for we had not gone far before the searchlights shewed that accursed infinity of pits in which the rats had feasted , and whose sudden lack of replenishment had driven the ravenous rodent army first to turn on the living herds of starving things , and then to burst forth from the priory in that historic orgy of devastation which the peasants will never forget .
God !
those carrion black pits of sawed , picked bones and opened skulls !
Those nightmare chasms choked with the pithecanthropoid , Celtic , Roman , and English bones of countless unhallowed centuries !
Some of them were full , and none can say how deep they had once been .
Others were still bottomless to our searchlights , and peopled by unnamable fancies .
What , I thought , of the hapless rats that stumbled into such traps amidst the blackness of their quests in this grisly Tartarus ?
Once my foot slipped near a horribly yawning brink , and I had a moment of ecstatic fear .
I must have been musing a long time , for I could not see any of the party but the plump Capt .
Norrys .
Then there came a sound from that inky , boundless , farther distance that I thought I knew ; and I saw my old black cat dart past me like a winged Egyptian god , straight into the illimitable gulf of the unknown .
But I was not far behind , for there was no doubt after another second .
It was the eldritch scurrying of those fiend - born rats , always questing for new horrors , and determined to lead me on even unto those grinning caverns of earth ’s centre where Nyarlathotep , the mad faceless god , howls blindly to the piping of two amorphous idiot flute - players .
My searchlight expired , but still I ran .
I heard voices , and yowls , and echoes , but above all there gently rose that impious , insidious scurrying ; gently rising , rising , as a stiff bloated corpse gently rises above an oily river that flows under endless onyx bridges to a black , putrid sea .
Something bumped into me — something soft and plump .
It must have been the rats ; the viscous , gelatinous , ravenous army that feast on the dead and the living .
. . .
Why should n’t rats eat a de la Poer as a de la Poer eats forbidden things ?
. . .
The war ate my boy , damn them all . . . and the Yanks ate Carfax with flames and burnt Grandsire Delapore and the secret . . .
No , no , I tell you , I am not that daemon swineherd in the twilit grotto !
It was not Edward Norrys ’ fat face on that flabby , fungous thing !
Who says I am a de la Poer ?
He lived , but my boy died ! . . .
Shall a Norrys hold the lands of a de la Poer ? . . .
It ’s voodoo , I tell you . . . that spotted snake . . .
Curse you , Thornton , I ’ll teach you to faint at what my family do ! . . .
’ Sblood , thou stinkard , I ’ll learn ye how to gust . . . wolde ye swynke me thilke wys ?
. . . Magna Mater ! Magna Mater ! . . .
Atys . . .
Dia ad aghaidh ’s ad aodann . . . agus bas dunach ort !
Dhonas ’s dholas ort , agus leat - sa ! . . .
Ungl . . . ungl . . . rrrlh . . . chchch . . .
That is what they say I said when they found me in the blackness after three hours ; found me crouching in the blackness over the plump , half - eaten body of Capt .
Norrys , with my own cat leaping and tearing at my throat .
Now they have blown up Exham Priory , taken my Nigger - Man away from me , and shut me into this barred room at Hanwell with fearful whispers about my heredity and experiences .
Thornton is in the next room , but they prevent me from talking to him .
They are trying , too , to suppress most of the facts concerning the priory .
When I speak of poor Norrys they accuse me of a hideous thing , but they must know that I did not do it .
They must know it was the rats ; the slithering , scurrying rats whose scampering will never let me sleep ; the daemon rats that race behind the padding in this room and beckon me down to greater horrors than I have ever known ; the rats they can never hear ; the rats , the rats in the walls .
On July 16 , 1923 , I moved into Exham Priory after the last workman had finished his labours .
The restoration had been a stupendous task , for little had remained of the deserted pile but a shell - like ruin ; yet because it had been the seat of my ancestors I let no expense deter me .
The place had not been inhabited since the reign of James the First , when a tragedy of intensely hideous , though largely unexplained , nature had struck down the master , five of his children , and several servants ; and driven forth under a cloud of suspicion and terror the third son , my lineal progenitor and the only survivor of the abhorred line .
With this sole heir denounced as a murderer , the estate had reverted to the crown , nor had the accused man made any attempt to exculpate himself or regain his property .
Shaken by some horror greater than that of conscience or the law , and expressing only a frantic wish to exclude the ancient edifice from his sight and memory , Walter de la Poer , eleventh Baron Exham , fled to Virginia and there founded the family which by the next century had become known as Delapore .
Exham Priory had remained untenanted , though later allotted to the estates of the Norrys family and much studied because of its peculiarly composite architecture ; an architecture involving Gothic towers resting on a Saxon or Romanesque substructure , whose foundation in turn was of a still earlier order or blend of orders — Roman , and even Druidic or native Cymric , if legends speak truly .
This foundation was a very singular thing , being merged on one side with the solid limestone of the precipice from whose brink the priory overlooked a desolate valley three miles west of the village of Anchester .
Architects and antiquarians loved to examine this strange relic of forgotten centuries , but the country folk hated it .
They had hated it hundreds of years before , when my ancestors lived there , and they hated it now , with the moss and mould of abandonment on it .
I had not been a day in Anchester before I knew I came of an accursed house .
And this week workmen have blown up Exham Priory , and are busy obliterating the traces of its foundations .
The bare statistics of my ancestry I had always known , together with the fact that my first American forbear had come to the colonies under a strange cloud .
Of details , however , I had been kept wholly ignorant through the policy of reticence always maintained by the Delapores .
Unlike our planter neighbours , we seldom boasted of crusading ancestors or other mediaeval and Renaissance heroes ; nor was any kind of tradition handed down except what may have been recorded in the sealed envelope left before the Civil War by every squire to his eldest son for posthumous opening .
The glories we cherished were those achieved since the migration ; the glories of a proud and honourable , if somewhat reserved and unsocial Virginia line .
During the war our fortunes were extinguished and our whole existence changed by the burning of Carfax , our home on the banks of the James .
My grandfather , advanced in years , had perished in that incendiary outrage , and with him the envelope that bound us all to the past .
I can recall that fire today as I saw it then at the age of seven , with the Federal soldiers shouting , the women screaming , and the negroes howling and praying .
My father was in the army , defending Richmond , and after many formalities my mother and I were passed through the lines to join him .
When the war ended we all moved north , whence my mother had come ; and I grew to manhood , middle age , and ultimate wealth as a stolid Yankee .
Neither my father nor I ever knew what our hereditary envelope had contained , and as I merged into the greyness of Massachusetts business life I lost all interest in the mysteries which evidently lurked far back in my family tree .
Had I suspected their nature , how gladly I would have left Exham Priory to its moss , bats , and cobwebs !
My father died in 1904 , but without any message to leave me , or to my only child , Alfred , a motherless boy of ten .
It was this boy who reversed the order of family information ; for although I could give him only jesting conjectures about the past , he wrote me of some very interesting ancestral legends when the late war took him to England in 1917 as an aviation officer .
Apparently the Delapores had a colourful and perhaps sinister history , for a friend of my son’s , Capt .
Edward Norrys of the Royal Flying Corps , dwelt near the family seat at Anchester and related some peasant superstitions which few novelists could equal for wildness and incredibility .
Norrys himself , of course , did not take them seriously ; but they amused my son and made good material for his letters to me .
It was this legendry which definitely turned my attention to my transatlantic heritage , and made me resolve to purchase and restore the family seat which Norrys shewed to Alfred in its picturesque desertion , and offered to get for him at a surprisingly reasonable figure , since his own uncle was the present owner .
I bought Exham Priory in 1918 , but was almost immediately distracted from my plans of restoration by the return of my son as a maimed invalid .
During the two years that he lived I thought of nothing but his care , having even placed my business under the direction of partners .
In 1921 , as I found myself bereaved and aimless , a retired manufacturer no longer young , I resolved to divert my remaining years with my new possession .
Visiting Anchester in December , I was entertained by Capt .
Norrys , a plump , amiable young man who had thought much of my son , and secured his assistance in gathering plans and anecdotes to guide in the coming restoration .
Exham Priory itself I saw without emotion , a jumble of tottering mediaeval ruins covered with lichens and honeycombed with rooks ’ nests , perched perilously upon a precipice , and denuded of floors or other interior features save the stone walls of the separate towers .
As I gradually recovered the image of the edifice as it had been when my ancestor left it over three centuries before , I began to hire workmen for the reconstruction .
In every case I was forced to go outside the immediate locality , for the Anchester villagers had an almost unbelievable fear and hatred of the place .
This sentiment was so great that it was sometimes communicated to the outside labourers , causing numerous desertions ; whilst its scope appeared to include both the priory and its ancient family .
My son had told me that he was somewhat avoided during his visits because he was a de la Poer , and I now found myself subtly ostracised for a like reason until I convinced the peasants how little I knew of my heritage .
Even then they sullenly disliked me , so that I had to collect most of the village traditions through the mediation of Norrys .
What the people could not forgive , perhaps , was that I had come to restore a symbol so abhorrent to them ; for , rationally or not , they viewed Exham Priory as nothing less than a haunt of fiends and werewolves .
Piecing together the tales which Norrys collected for me , and supplementing them with the accounts of several savants who had studied the ruins , I deduced that Exham Priory stood on the site of a prehistoric temple ; a Druidical or ante-Druidical thing which must have been contemporary with Stonehenge .
That indescribable rites had been celebrated there , few doubted ; and there were unpleasant tales of the transference of these rites into the Cybele - worship which the Romans had introduced .
Inscriptions still visible in the sub - cellar bore such unmistakable letters as “ DIV . . . OPS . . .
MAGNA . MAT . . . ” sign of the Magna Mater whose dark worship was once vainly forbidden to Roman citizens .
Anchester had been the camp of the third Augustan legion , as many remains attest , and it was said that the temple of Cybele was splendid and thronged with worshippers who performed nameless ceremonies at the bidding of a Phrygian priest .
Tales added that the fall of the old religion did not end the orgies at the temple , but that the priests lived on in the new faith without real change .
Likewise was it said that the rites did not vanish with the Roman power , and that certain among the Saxons added to what remained of the temple , and gave it the essential outline it subsequently preserved , making it the centre of a cult feared through half the heptarchy .
About 1000 A.D. the place is mentioned in a chronicle as being a substantial stone priory housing a strange and powerful monastic order and surrounded by extensive gardens which needed no walls to exclude a frightened populace .
It was never destroyed by the Danes , though after the Norman Conquest it must have declined tremendously ; since there was no impediment when Henry the Third granted the site to my ancestor , Gilbert de la Poer , First Baron Exham , in 1261 .
Of my family before this date there is no evil report , but something strange must have happened then .
In one chronicle there is a reference to a de la Poer as “ cursed of God ” in 1307 , whilst village legendry had nothing but evil and frantic fear to tell of the castle that went up on the foundations of the old temple and priory .
The fireside tales were of the most grisly description , all the ghastlier because of their frightened reticence and cloudy evasiveness .
They represented my ancestors as a race of hereditary daemons beside whom Gilles de Retz and the Marquis de Sade would seem the veriest tyros , and hinted whisperingly at their responsibility for the occasional disappearance of villagers through several generations .
The worst characters , apparently , were the barons and their direct heirs ; at least , most was whispered about these .
If of healthier inclinations , it was said , an heir would early and mysteriously die to make way for another more typical scion .
There seemed to be an inner cult in the family , presided over by the head of the house , and sometimes closed except to a few members .
Temperament rather than ancestry was evidently the basis of this cult , for it was entered by several who married into the family .
Lady Margaret Trevor from Cornwall , wife of Godfrey , the second son of the fifth baron , became a favourite bane of children all over the countryside , and the daemon heroine of a particularly horrible old ballad not yet extinct near the Welsh border .
Preserved in balladry , too , though not illustrating the same point , is the hideous tale of Lady Mary de la Poer , who shortly after her marriage to the Earl of Shrewsfield was killed by him and his mother , both of the slayers being absolved and blessed by the priest to whom they confessed what they dared not repeat to the world .
These myths and ballads , typical as they were of crude superstition , repelled me greatly .
Their persistence , and their application to so long a line of my ancestors , were especially annoying ; whilst the imputations of monstrous habits proved unpleasantly reminiscent of the one known scandal of my immediate forbears — the case of my cousin , young Randolph Delapore of Carfax , who went among the negroes and became a voodoo priest after he returned from the Mexican War .
I was much less disturbed by the vaguer tales of wails and howlings in the barren , windswept valley beneath the limestone cliff ; of the graveyard stenches after the spring rains ; of the floundering , squealing white thing on which Sir John Clave ’s horse had trod one night in a lonely field ; and of the servant who had gone mad at what he saw in the priory in the full light of day .
These things were hackneyed spectral lore , and I was at that time a pronounced sceptic .
The accounts of vanished peasants were less to be dismissed , though not especially significant in view of mediaeval custom .
Prying curiosity meant death , and more than one severed head had been publicly shewn on the bastions — now effaced — around Exham Priory .
A few of the tales were exceedingly picturesque , and made me wish I had learnt more of comparative mythology in my youth .
There was , for instance , the belief that a legion of bat - winged devils kept Witches ’ Sabbath each night at the priory — a legion whose sustenance might explain the disproportionate abundance of coarse vegetables harvested in the vast gardens .
And , most vivid of all , there was the dramatic epic of the rats — the scampering army of obscene vermin which had burst forth from the castle three months after the tragedy that doomed it to desertion — the lean , filthy , ravenous army which had swept all before it and devoured fowl , cats , dogs , hogs , sheep , and even two hapless human beings before its fury was spent .
Around that unforgettable rodent army a whole separate cycle of myths revolves , for it scattered among the village homes and brought curses and horrors in its train .
Such was the lore that assailed me as I pushed to completion , with an elderly obstinacy , the work of restoring my ancestral home .
It must not be imagined for a moment that these tales formed my principal psychological environment .
On the other hand , I was constantly praised and encouraged by Capt .
Norrys and the antiquarians who surrounded and aided me .
When the task was done , over two years after its commencement , I viewed the great rooms , wainscotted walls , vaulted ceilings , mullioned windows , and broad staircases with a pride which fully compensated for the prodigious expense of the restoration .
Every attribute of the Middle Ages was cunningly reproduced , and the new parts blended perfectly with the original walls and foundations .
The seat of my fathers was complete , and I looked forward to redeeming at last the local fame of the line which ended in me .
I would reside here permanently , and prove that a de la Poer ( for I had adopted again the original spelling of the name ) need not be a fiend .
My comfort was perhaps augmented by the fact that , although Exham Priory was mediaevally fitted , its interior was in truth wholly new and free from old vermin and old ghosts alike .
As I have said , I moved in on July 16 , 1923 .
My household consisted of seven servants and nine cats , of which latter species I am particularly fond .
My eldest cat , “ Nigger - Man ” , was seven years old and had come with me from my home in Bolton , Massachusetts ; the others I had accumulated whilst living with Capt .
Norrys ’ family during the restoration of the priory .
For five days our routine proceeded with the utmost placidity , my time being spent mostly in the codification of old family data .
I had now obtained some very circumstantial accounts of the final tragedy and flight of Walter de la Poer , which I conceived to be the probable contents of the hereditary paper lost in the fire at Carfax .
It appeared that my ancestor was accused with much reason of having killed all the other members of his household , except four servant confederates , in their sleep , about two weeks after a shocking discovery which changed his whole demeanour , but which , except by implication , he disclosed to no one save perhaps the servants who assisted him and afterward fled beyond reach .
This deliberate slaughter , which included a father , three brothers , and two sisters , was largely condoned by the villagers , and so slackly treated by the law that its perpetrator escaped honoured , unharmed , and undisguised to Virginia ; the general whispered sentiment being that he had purged the land of an immemorial curse .
What discovery had prompted an act so terrible , I could scarcely even conjecture .
Walter de la Poer must have known for years the sinister tales about his family , so that this material could have given him no fresh impulse .
Had he , then , witnessed some appalling ancient rite , or stumbled upon some frightful and revealing symbol in the priory or its vicinity ?
He was reputed to have been a shy , gentle youth in England .
In Virginia he seemed not so much hard or bitter as harassed and apprehensive .
He was spoken of in the diary of another gentleman - adventurer , Francis Harley of Bellview , as a man of unexampled justice , honour , and delicacy .
On July 22 occurred the first incident which , though lightly dismissed at the time , takes on a preternatural significance in relation to later events .
It was so simple as to be almost negligible , and could not possibly have been noticed under the circumstances ; for it must be recalled that since I was in a building practically fresh and new except for the walls , and surrounded by a well - balanced staff of servitors , apprehension would have been absurd despite the locality .
What I afterward remembered is merely this — that my old black cat , whose moods I know so well , was undoubtedly alert and anxious to an extent wholly out of keeping with his natural character .
He roved from room to room , restless and disturbed , and sniffed constantly about the walls which formed part of the old Gothic structure .
I realise how trite this sounds — like the inevitable dog in the ghost story , which always growls before his master sees the sheeted figure — yet I cannot consistently suppress it .
The following day a servant complained of restlessness among all the cats in the house .
He came to me in my study , a lofty west room on the second story , with groined arches , black oak panelling , and a triple Gothic window overlooking the limestone cliff and desolate valley ; and even as he spoke I saw the jetty form of Nigger - Man creeping along the west wall and scratching at the new panels which overlaid the ancient stone .
I told the man that there must be some singular odour or emanation from the old stonework , imperceptible to human senses , but affecting the delicate organs of cats even through the new woodwork .
This I truly believed , and when the fellow suggested the presence of mice or rats , I mentioned that there had been no rats there for three hundred years , and that even the field mice of the surrounding country could hardly be found in these high walls , where they had never been known to stray .
That afternoon I called on Capt .
Norrys , and he assured me that it would be quite incredible for field mice to infest the priory in such a sudden and unprecedented fashion .
That night , dispensing as usual with a valet , I retired in the west tower chamber which I had chosen as my own , reached from the study by a stone staircase and short gallery — the former partly ancient , the latter entirely restored .
This room was circular , very high , and without wainscotting , being hung with arras which I had myself chosen in London .
Seeing that Nigger - Man was with me , I shut the heavy Gothic door and retired by the light of the electric bulbs which so cleverly counterfeited candles , finally switching off the light and sinking on the carved and canopied four - poster , with the venerable cat in his accustomed place across my feet .
I did not draw the curtains , but gazed out at the narrow north window which I faced .
There was a suspicion of aurora in the sky , and the delicate traceries of the window were pleasantly silhouetted .
At some time I must have fallen quietly asleep , for I recall a distinct sense of leaving strange dreams , when the cat started violently from his placid position .
I saw him in the faint auroral glow , head strained forward , fore feet on my ankles , and hind feet stretched behind .
He was looking intensely at a point on the wall somewhat west of the window , a point which to my eye had nothing to mark it , but toward which all my attention was now directed .
And as I watched , I knew that Nigger - Man was not vainly excited .
Whether the arras actually moved I can not say .
I think it did , very slightly .
But what I can swear to is that behind it I heard a low , distinct scurrying as of rats or mice .
In a moment the cat had jumped bodily on the screening tapestry , bringing the affected section to the floor with his weight , and exposing a damp , ancient wall of stone ; patched here and there by the restorers , and devoid of any trace of rodent prowlers .
Nigger - Man raced up and down the floor by this part of the wall , clawing the fallen arras and seemingly trying at times to insert a paw between the wall and the oaken floor .
He found nothing , and after a time returned wearily to his place across my feet .
I had not moved , but I did not sleep again that night .
In the morning I questioned all the servants , and found that none of them had noticed anything unusual , save that the cook remembered the actions of a cat which had rested on her windowsill .
This cat had howled at some unknown hour of the night , awaking the cook in time for her to see him dart purposefully out of the open door down the stairs .
I drowsed away the noontime , and in the afternoon called again on Capt .
Norrys , who became exceedingly interested in what I told him .
The odd incidents — so slight yet so curious — appealed to his sense of the picturesque , and elicited from him a number of reminiscences of local ghostly lore .
We were genuinely perplexed at the presence of rats , and Norrys lent me some traps and Paris green , which I had the servants place in strategic localities when I returned .
I retired early , being very sleepy , but was harassed by dreams of the most horrible sort .
I seemed to be looking down from an immense height upon a twilit grotto , knee - deep with filth , where a white - bearded daemon swineherd drove about with his staff a flock of fungous , flabby beasts whose appearance filled me with unutterable loathing .
Then , as the swineherd paused and nodded over his task , a mighty swarm of rats rained down on the stinking abyss and fell to devouring beasts and man alike .
From this terrific vision I was abruptly awaked by the motions of Nigger - Man , who had been sleeping as usual across my feet .
This time I did not have to question the source of his snarls and hisses , and of the fear which made him sink his claws into my ankle , unconscious of their effect ; for on every side of the chamber the walls were alive with nauseous sound — the verminous slithering of ravenous , gigantic rats .
There was now no aurora to shew the state of the arras — the fallen section of which had been replaced — but I was not too frightened to switch on the light .
As the bulbs leapt into radiance I saw a hideous shaking all over the tapestry , causing the somewhat peculiar designs to execute a singular dance of death .
This motion disappeared almost at once , and the sound with it .
Springing out of bed , I poked at the arras with the long handle of a warming - pan that rested near , and lifted one section to see what lay beneath .
There was nothing but the patched stone wall , and even the cat had lost his tense realisation of abnormal presences .
When I examined the circular trap that had been placed in the room , I found all of the openings sprung , though no trace remained of what had been caught and had escaped .
Further sleep was out of the question , so , lighting a candle , I opened the door and went out in the gallery toward the stairs to my study , Nigger - Man following at my heels .
Before we had reached the stone steps , however , the cat darted ahead of me and vanished down the ancient flight .
As I descended the stairs myself , I became suddenly aware of sounds in the great room below ; sounds of a nature which could not be mistaken .
The oak - panelled walls were alive with rats , scampering and milling , whilst Nigger - Man was racing about with the fury of a baffled hunter .
Reaching the bottom , I switched on the light , which did not this time cause the noise to subside .
The rats continued their riot , stampeding with such force and distinctness that I could finally assign to their motions a definite direction .
These creatures , in numbers apparently inexhaustible , were engaged in one stupendous migration from inconceivable heights to some depth conceivably , or inconceivably , below .
I now heard steps in the corridor , and in another moment two servants pushed open the massive door .
They were searching the house for some unknown source of disturbance which had thrown all the cats into a snarling panic and caused them to plunge precipitately down several flights of stairs and squat , yowling , before the closed door to the sub-cellar .
I asked them if they had heard the rats , but they replied in the negative .
And when I turned to call their attention to the sounds in the panels , I realised that the noise had ceased .
With the two men , I went down to the door of the sub-cellar , but found the cats already dispersed .
Later I resolved to explore the crypt below , but for the present I merely made a round of the traps .
All were sprung , yet all were tenantless .
Satisfying myself that no one had heard the rats save the felines and me , I sat in my study till morning ; thinking profoundly , and recalling every scrap of legend I had unearthed concerning the building I inhabited .
I slept some in the forenoon , leaning back in the one comfortable library chair which my mediaeval plan of furnishing could not banish .
Later I telephoned to Capt .
Norrys , who came over and helped me explore the sub-cellar .
Absolutely nothing untoward was found , although we could not repress a thrill at the knowledge that this vault was built by Roman hands .
Every low arch and massive pillar was Roman — not the debased Romanesque of the bungling Saxons , but the severe and harmonious classicism of the age of the Caesars ; indeed , the walls abounded with inscriptions familiar to the antiquarians who had repeatedly explored the place — things like “ P.GETAE .
PROP . . .
TEMP . . . DONA . . . ” and “ L. PRAEC . . . VS . . .
PONTIFI . . .
ATYS . . .
” The reference to Atys made me shiver , for I had read Catullus and knew something of the hideous rites of the Eastern god , whose worship was so mixed with that of Cybele .
Norrys and I , by the light of lanterns , tried to interpret the odd and nearly effaced designs on certain irregularly rectangular blocks of stone generally held to be altars , but could make nothing of them .
We remembered that one pattern , a sort of rayed sun , was held by students to imply a non-Roman origin , suggesting that these altars had merely been adopted by the Roman priests from some older and perhaps aboriginal temple on the same site .
On one of these blocks were some brown stains which made me wonder .
The largest , in the centre of the room , had certain features on the upper surface which indicated its connexion with fire — probably burnt offerings .
Such were the sights in that crypt before whose door the cats had howled , and where Norrys and I now determined to pass the night .
Couches were brought down by the servants , who were told not to mind any nocturnal actions of the cats , and Nigger - Man was admitted as much for help as for companionship .
We decided to keep the great oak door — a modern replica with slits for ventilation — tightly closed ; and , with this attended to , we retired with lanterns still burning to await whatever might occur .
The vault was very deep in the foundations of the priory , and undoubtedly far down on the face of the beetling limestone cliff overlooking the waste valley .
That it had been the goal of the scuffling and unexplainable rats I could not doubt , though why , I could not tell .
As we lay there expectantly , I found my vigil occasionally mixed with half - formed dreams from which the uneasy motions of the cat across my feet would rouse me .
These dreams were not wholesome , but horribly like the one I had had the night before .
I saw again the twilit grotto , and the swineherd with his unmentionable fungous beasts wallowing in filth , and as I looked at these things they seemed nearer and more distinct — so distinct that I could almost observe their features .
Then I did observe the flabby features of one of them — and awaked with such a scream that Nigger - Man started up , whilst Capt .
Norrys , who had not slept , laughed considerably .
Norrys might have laughed more — or perhaps less — had he known what it was that made me scream .
But I did not remember myself till later .
Ultimate horror often paralyses memory in a merciful way .
Norrys waked me when the phenomena began .
Out of the same frightful dream I was called by his gentle shaking and his urging to listen to the cats .
Indeed , there was much to listen to , for beyond the closed door at the head of the stone steps was a veritable nightmare of feline yelling and clawing , whilst Nigger - Man , unmindful of his kindred outside , was running excitedly around the bare stone walls , in which I heard the same babel of scurrying rats that had troubled me the night before .
An acute terror now rose within me , for here were anomalies which nothing normal could well explain .
These rats , if not the creatures of a madness which I shared with the cats alone , must be burrowing and sliding in Roman walls I had thought to be of solid limestone blocks . . . unless perhaps the action of water through more than seventeen centuries had eaten winding tunnels which rodent bodies had worn clear and ample .
. . .
But even so , the spectral horror was no less ; for if these were living vermin why did not Norrys hear their disgusting commotion ?
Why did he urge me to watch Nigger - Man and listen to the cats outside , and why did he guess wildly and vaguely at what could have aroused them ?
By the time I had managed to tell him , as rationally as I could , what I thought I was hearing , my ears gave me the last fading impression of the scurrying ; which had retreatedfar underneath this deepest of sub-cellars till it seemed as if the whole cliff below were riddled with questing rats .
Norrys was not as sceptical as I had anticipated , but instead seemed profoundly moved .
He motioned to me to notice that the cats at the door had ceased their clamour , as if giving up the rats for lost ; whilst Nigger - Man had a burst of renewed restlessness , and was clawing frantically around the bottom of the large stone altar in the centre of the room , which was nearer Norrys ’ couch than mine .
My fear of the unknown was at this point very great .
Something astounding had occurred , and I saw that Capt .
Norrys , a younger , stouter , and presumably more naturally materialistic man , was affected fully as much as myself — perhaps because of his lifelong and intimate familiarity with local legend .
We could for the moment do nothing but watch the old black cat as he pawed with decreasing fervour at the base of the altar , occasionally looking up and mewing to me in that persuasive manner which he used when he wished me to perform some favour for him .
Norrys now took a lantern close to the altar and examined the place where Nigger - Man was pawing ; silently kneeling and scraping away the lichens of centuries which joined the massive pre-Roman block to the tessellated floor .
He did not find anything , and was about to abandon his effort when I noticed a trivial circumstance which made me shudder , even though it implied nothing more than I had already imagined .
I told him of it , and we both looked at its almost imperceptible manifestation with the fixedness of fascinated discovery and acknowledgment .
It was only this — that the flame of the lantern set down near the altar was slightly but certainly flickering from a draught of air which it had not before received , and which came indubitably from the crevice between floor and altar where Norrys was scraping away the lichens .
We spent the rest of the night in the brilliantly lighted study , nervously discussing what we should do next .
The discovery that some vault deeper than the deepest known masonry of the Romans underlay this accursed pile — some vault unsuspected by the curious antiquarians of three centuries — would have been sufficient to excite us without any background of the sinister .
As it was , the fascination became twofold ; and we paused in doubt whether to abandon our search and quit the priory forever in superstitious caution , or to gratify our sense of adventure and brave whatever horrors might await us in the unknown depths .
By morning we had compromised , and decided to go to London to gather a group of archaeologists and scientific men fit to cope with the mystery .
It should be mentioned that before leaving the sub - cellar we had vainly tried to move the central altar which we now recognised as the gate to a new pit of nameless fear .
What secret would open the gate , wiser men than we would have to find .
During many days in London Capt .
Norrys and I presented our facts , conjectures , and legendary anecdotes to five eminent authorities , all men who could be trusted to respect any family disclosures which future explorations might develop .
We found most of them little disposed to scoff , but instead intensely interested and sincerely sympathetic .
It is hardly necessary to name them all , but I may say that they included Sir William Brinton , whose excavations in the Troad excited most of the world in their day .
As we all took the train for Anchester I felt myself poised on the brink of frightful revelations , a sensation symbolised by the air of mourning among the many Americans at the unexpected death of the President on the other side of the world .
On the evening of August 7th we reached Exham Priory , where the servants assured me that nothing unusual had occurred .
The cats , even old Nigger - Man , had been perfectly placid ; and not a trap in the house had been sprung .
We were to begin exploring on the following day , awaiting which I assigned well - appointed rooms to all my guests .
I myself retired in my own tower chamber , with Nigger - Man across my feet .
Sleep came quickly , but hideous dreams assailed me .
There was a vision of a Roman feast like that of Trimalchio , with a horror in a covered platter .
Then came that damnable , recurrent thing about the swineherd and his filthy drove in the twilit grotto .
Yet when I awoke it was full daylight , with normal sounds in the house below .
The rats , living or spectral , had not troubled me ; and Nigger - Man was quietly asleep .
On going down , I found that the same tranquillity had prevailed elsewhere ; a condition which one of the assembled savants — a fellow named Thornton , devoted to the psychic — rather absurdly laid to the fact that I had now been shewn the thing which certain forces had wished to shew me .
All was now ready , and at 11 a.m. our entire group of seven men , bearing powerful electric searchlights and implements of excavation , went down to the sub - cellar and bolted the door behind us .
Nigger - Man was with us , for the investigators found no occasion to despise his excitability , and were indeed anxious that he be present in case of obscure rodent manifestations .
We noted the Roman inscriptions and unknown altar designs only briefly , for three of the savants had already seen them , and all knew their characteristics .
Prime attention was paid to the momentous central altar , and within an hour Sir William Brinton had caused it to tilt backward , balanced by some unknown species of counterweight .
There now lay revealed such a horror as would have overwhelmed us had we not been prepared .
Through a nearly square opening in the tiled floor , sprawling on a flight of stone steps so prodigiously worn that it was little more than an inclined plane at the centre , was a ghastly array of human or semi-human bones .
Those which retained their collocation as skeletons shewed attitudes of panic fear , and over all were the marks of rodent gnawing .
The skulls denoted nothing short of utter idiocy , cretinism , or primitive semi-apedom .
Above the hellishly littered steps arched a descending passage seemingly chiselled from the solid rock , and conducting a current of air .
This current was not a sudden and noxious rush as from a closed vault , but a cool breeze with something of freshness in it .
We did not pause long , but shiveringly began to clear a passage down the steps .
It was then that Sir William , examining the hewn walls , made the odd observation that the passage , according to the direction of the strokes , must have been chiselled I must be very deliberate now , and choose my words .
After ploughing down a few steps amidst the gnawed bones we saw that there was light ahead ; not any mystic phosphorescence , but a filtered daylight which could not come except from unknown fissures in the cliff that overlooked the waste valley .
That such fissures had escaped notice from outside was hardly remarkable , for not only is the valley wholly uninhabited , but the cliff is so high and beetling that only an aëronaut could study its face in detail .
A few steps more , and our breaths were literally snatched from us by what we saw ; so literally that Thornton , the psychic investigator , actually fainted in the arms of the dazed man who stood behind him .
Norrys , his plump face utterly white and flabby , simply cried out inarticulately ; whilst I think that what I did was to gasp or hiss , and cover my eyes .
The man behind me — the only one of the party older than I — croaked the hackneyed “ My God ! ” in the most cracked voice I ever heard .
Of seven cultivated men , only Sir William Brinton retained his composure ; a thing more to his credit because he led the party and must have seen the sight first .
It was a twilit grotto of enormous height , stretching away farther than any eye could see ; a subterraneous world of limitless mystery and horrible suggestion .
There were buildings and other architectural remains — in one terrified glance I saw a weird pattern of tumuli , a savage circle of monoliths , a low - domed Roman ruin , a sprawling Saxon pile , and an early English edifice of wood — but all these were dwarfed by the ghoulish spectacle presented by the general surface of the ground .
For yards about the steps extended an insane tangle of human bones , or bones at least as human as those on the steps .
Like a foamy sea they stretched , some fallen apart , but others wholly or partly articulated as skeletons ; these latter invariably in postures of daemoniac frenzy , either fighting off some menace or clutching other forms with cannibal intent .
When Dr. Trask , the anthropologist , stooped to classify the skulls , he found a degraded mixture which utterly baffled him .
They were mostly lower than the Piltdown man in the scale of evolution , but in every case definitely human .
Many were of higher grade , and a very few were the skulls of supremely and sensitively developed types .
All the bones were gnawed , mostly by rats , but somewhat by others of the half - human drove .
Mixed with them were many tiny bones of rats — fallen members of the lethal army which closed the ancient epic .
I wonder that any man among us lived and kept his sanity through that hideous day of discovery .
Not Hoffmann or Huysmans could conceive a scene more wildly incredible , more frenetically repellent , or more Gothically grotesque than the twilit grotto through which we seven staggered ; each stumbling on revelation after revelation , and trying to keep for the nonce from thinking of the events which must have taken place there three hundred years , or a thousand , or two thousand , or ten thousand years ago .
It was the antechamber of hell , and poor Thornton fainted again when Trask told him that some of the skeleton things must have descended as quadrupeds through the last twenty or more generations .
Horror piled on horror as we began to interpret the architectural remains .
The quadruped things — with their occasional recruits from the biped class — had been kept in stone pens , out of which they must have broken in their last delirium of hunger or rat - fear .
There had been great herds of them , evidently fattened on the coarse vegetables whose remains could be found as a sort of poisonous ensilage at the bottom of huge stone bins older than Rome .
I knew now why my ancestors had had such excessive gardens — would to heaven I could forget !
The purpose of the herds I did not have to ask .
Sir William , standing with his searchlight in the Roman ruin , translated aloud the most shocking ritual I have ever known ; and told of the diet of the antediluvian cult which the priests of Cybele found and mingled with their own .
Norrys , used as he was to the trenches , could not walk straight when he came out of the English building .
It was a butcher shop and kitchen — he had expected that — but it was too much to see familiar English implements in such a place , and to read familiar Englishthere , some as recent as 1610 .
I could not go in that building — that building whose daemon activities were stopped only by the dagger of my ancestor Walter de la Poer .
What I did venture to enter was the low Saxon building , whose oaken door had fallen , and there I found a terrible row of ten stone cells with rusty bars .
Three had tenants , all skeletons of high grade , and on the bony forefinger of one I found a seal ring with my own coat - of - arms .
Sir William found a vault with far older cells below the Roman chapel , but these cells were empty .
Below them was a low crypt with cases of formally arranged bones , some of them bearing terrible parallel inscriptions carved in Latin , Greek , and the tongue of Phrygia .
Meanwhile , Dr. Trask had opened one of the prehistoric tumuli , and brought to light skulls which were slightly more human than a gorilla ’s , and which bore indescribable ideographic carvings .
Through all this horror my cat stalked unperturbed .
Once I saw him monstrously perched atop a mountain of bones , and wondered at the secrets that might lie behind his yellow eyes .
Having grasped to some slight degree the frightful revelations of this twilit area — an area so hideously foreshadowed by my recurrent dream — we turned to that apparently boundless depth of midnight cavern where no ray of light from the cliff could penetrate .
We shall never know what sightless Stygian worlds yawn beyond the little distance we went , for it was decided that such secrets are not good for mankind .
But there was plenty to engross us close at hand , for we had not gone far before the searchlights shewed that accursed infinity of pits in which the rats had feasted , and whose sudden lack of replenishment had driven the ravenous rodent army first to turn on the living herds of starving things , and then to burst forth from the priory in that historic orgy of devastation which the peasants will never forget .
God !
those carrion black pits of sawed , picked bones and opened skulls !
Those nightmare chasms choked with the pithecanthropoid , Celtic , Roman , and English bones of countless unhallowed centuries !
Some of them were full , and none can say how deep they had once been .
Others were still bottomless to our searchlights , and peopled by unnamable fancies .
What , I thought , of the hapless rats that stumbled into such traps amidst the blackness of their quests in this grisly Tartarus ?
Once my foot slipped near a horribly yawning brink , and I had a moment of ecstatic fear .
I must have been musing a long time , for I could not see any of the party but the plump Capt .
Norrys .
Then there came a sound from that inky , boundless , farther distance that I thought I knew ; and I saw my old black cat dart past me like a winged Egyptian god , straight into the illimitable gulf of the unknown .
But I was not far behind , for there was no doubt after another second .
It was the eldritch scurrying of those fiend - born rats , always questing for new horrors , and determined to lead me on even unto those grinning caverns of earth ’s centre where Nyarlathotep , the mad faceless god , howls blindly to the piping of two amorphous idiot flute - players .
My searchlight expired , but still I ran .
I heard voices , and yowls , and echoes , but above all there gently rose that impious , insidious scurrying ; gently rising , rising , as a stiff bloated corpse gently rises above an oily river that flows under endless onyx bridges to a black , putrid sea .
Something bumped into me — something soft and plump .
It must have been the rats ; the viscous , gelatinous , ravenous army that feast on the dead and the living .
. . .
Why should n’t rats eat a de la Poer as a de la Poer eats forbidden things ?
. . .
The war ate my boy , damn them all . . . and the Yanks ate Carfax with flames and burnt Grandsire Delapore and the secret . . .
No , no , I tell you , I amthat daemon swineherd in the twilit grotto !
It was Edward Norrys ’ fat face on that flabby , fungous thing !
Who says I am a de la Poer ?
He lived , but my boy died ! . . .
Shall a Norrys hold the lands of a de la Poer ? . . .
It ’s voodoo , I tell you . . . that spotted snake . . .
Curse you , Thornton , I ’ll teach you to faint at what my family do ! . . .
’ Sblood , thou stinkard , I ’ll learn ye how to gust . . . wolde ye swynke me thilke wys ?
. . . That is what they say I said when they found me in the blackness after three hours ; found me crouching in the blackness over the plump , half - eaten body of Capt .
Norrys , with my own cat leaping and tearing at my throat .
Now they have blown up Exham Priory , taken my Nigger - Man away from me , and shut me into this barred room at Hanwell with fearful whispers about my heredity and experiences .
Thornton is in the next room , but they prevent me from talking to him .
They are trying , too , to suppress most of the facts concerning the priory .
When I speak of poor Norrys they accuse me of a hideous thing , but they must know that I did not do it .
They must know it was the rats ; the slithering , scurrying rats whose scampering will never let me sleep ; the daemon rats that race behind the padding in this room and beckon me down to greater horrors than I have ever known ; the rats they can never hear ; the rats , the rats in the walls .
PRIUS COMPLAINTS PRIUS COMPLAINTS
Toyota
Prius speed - control complaints to federal safety regulators by model year : 2004 24 2005 42 2006 36 2007 50 2008 50 2009 25 2010 146 Source : USA TODAY analysis of National Highway Traffic Safety Administration data .
As Toyota sought to contain the fallout from a California sudden - acceleration case involving a Prius , another driver 's out - of - control Prius slammed into a stone wall in New York on Tuesday .
A 56 - year - old woman was pulling out of a driveway when her 2005 Prius " shot " across the road , Harrison , N.Y. , police said .
The driver , who was not immediately named , suffered minor injuries , but the impact sent " some pretty big boulders " fairly far , said Anthony Marraccini , acting police chief .
The Department of Transportation is looking into the New York crash , spokeswoman Olivia Alair said Wednesday .
That Prius is among the 2004 -2009 models recalled by Toyota for floor mats that could jam the gas pedal , but Marraccini said the floor mat has been pretty much ruled out since it was tied to the seat base with plastic ties .
Capt .
Anthony Marraccini of the police department in Harrison , north of New York City , said that a regional Toyota official asked to collect the Prius involved in the crash but that the police are " not prepared to release it just yet . "
He said he wanted to see first if a federal agency wants to join or take over the investigation .
" This involved potentially a great safety hazard and could be something of national interest , " he said .
Besides , he said , the damaged car belongs to the owner , not to Toyota .
When police release the Prius , Toyota will evaluate it to determine the cause of the accident , company spokesman Brian Lyons said .
The silver - gray 2005 Prius was taken to a police parking lot .
Its front end was severely pushed in , the hood was buckled and the front bumper and one front headlight were broken .
The new Prius incident came as Toyota ( TM ) and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration rushed investigators to San Diego to analyze the 2008 Toyota Prius involved in a runaway incident .
James Sikes , 61 , dialed 911 Monday evening to report his Prius was accelerating out of his control .
" I pushed the gas pedal to pass a car .
...
It jumped , and it just stuck there " hitting speeds up to 94 mph , Sikes said .
A California Highway Patrol officer responded , pulled alongside and told Spikes by loudspeaker to stand on the brakes and also apply the parking brake .
Sikes was able to slow the car while the cruiser drove in front , and eventually he could shut it off .
The incident was just a few miles from where the crash of a runaway Lexus last August killed a CHP officer and his wife , daughter and brother - in - law .
That crash , attributed to the floor mat jamming the gas pedal , spurred Toyota to recall 5.3 million vehicles — including Sikes ' Prius .
Sikes said he took his Prius to his dealer and was told it was n't on the list .
Toyota said in a statement that dealers do not yet have repair parts for the Prius and that it has told owners to remove the driver 's floor mat until repairs are made .
Sikes still had that mat in his vehicle .
Toyota has said repairing all the recalled vehicles could take several months .
Separately on Tuesday , Toyota 's national dealer council accused General Motors of using its federal loans to offer " predatory " incentives .
Shortly after Toyota 's recalls last month , GM launched offers for Toyota owners who buy its vehicles , now including 0 % financing and up to $ 1,000 cash back .
" It is outrageous that GM is using our taxpayer dollars against us , " said council head Paul Atkinson .
" We understand why Toyota dealers would be frustrated , but they know better , " said GM spokesman Kerry Christopher .
" Incentives have always been a part of the auto business . "
Contributing : The Associated Press Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
How Lesbian Bishop Mary Glasspool
Is Going to Cause the Deaths of a 1000 Christians
Throughout human history , just about every follower of any religion or faith has been persecuted .
Just ask the Scientologists .
There was a time in history that one religious faction in particular did much of the persecuting : Christians .
So lovely to see one extremist sect saying now that the Episcopal Church confirmed Mary Glasspool , a lesbian , as a Los Angeles bishop , Christians all over the world are going to be slaughtered by Muslims in a jihad .
According to Jeff Walton with the Institute on Religion & Democracy ( IRD ) , Glasspool ’s election will make it tough for Christians in certain countries .
“ Last week there were over 500 people who were killed in three villages surrounding Jos Nigeria , ” he shares .
“ These Christian villagers were killed for their faith .
The people who attacked them were yelling ‘ God is great ’ in Arabic , and one of the charges against the Christians was that they were immoral . ”
Walton explains the rationale behind that accusation .
“ When a Muslim sees the newspaper headline , ‘ Anglican elects partnered lesbian bishop , ’ they do n’t draw a distinction between African Christians and European or American Christians , ” he says .
Not that Walton really believes the Episcopal Church will have blood on its hands !
The IRD spokesman is quick to point out that he is not blaming the Episcopal Church for the attacks in Nigeria .
But he says Episcopal Church officials in the United States are not taking that factor into account in their race to be “ all inclusive . ”
Yes .
Because other religions cannot be all inclusive , nobody should be .
This man is a poison .
Andrew and Malia are this really cool couple from New York .
Malia is actually from Hawaii which is one of the reasons they decided on having there wedding here on Oahu .
Another bit of cool information is Andrew used to be Q - Tips personal assistant .
Q - tip is one of the members of a group I am pretty passionate about called Tribe Called Quest .
When Andrew told me they were having their wedding at Kokokahi YWCA in Kaneohe I was super excited !
If you have never seen it and you are looking at venues , I think it is an amazing location for a wedding and you should definitely check it out : )
I think what I Iike best about photographing at this location is there are so many places to take photos .
It 's like this huge outdoor studio .
I also really like where the reception was held .
It reminds me of an old beach cottage by the ocean .
I guess I should let you go and see the photos for yourselves : )
Please take a look at the vendor list that played a big part in this celebration .
They all contributed so much and did such an awesome job .
Wedding Coordination - http://www.luanaevents.com
Music - http://www.soundscapehawaii.com/Dean
Catering - http://www.beachesandbackyards.com
Cake - http://www.paradisepastries.com/index.php
Rentals - http://www.accelrentals.com
Hair and MUA - http://www.whikdhawaii.com
Flowers - https://www.paikohawaii.com
Author : Carl de Marcken , ITA Software Homepage : http://www.itasoftware.com/
Further information :
These are a set of annotated slides ITA Software has prepared on the computational complexity of air travel planning .
The PDF version may be more readable .
Download presentation in PDF format
The first question which the priest and the Levite asked was : " If I stop to help this man , what will happen to me ? "
But ... the good Samaritan reversed the question : " If I do not stop to help this man , what will happen to him ? "
We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools .
The ultimate tragedy is not the oppression and cruelty by the bad people but the silence over that by the good people .
- Martin Luther King
( Chicago , IL ) -
For those that do n't know , there are 3 new variations of Goose Island 's Bourbon County Stout coming this year .
There will be a Coffee version , a Vanilla version and a " Rare Bourbon County Stout " .
Bourbon County Brand Coffee
Stout has received label approval and is due this month .
" Every day we smell wonderful coffee roasting next to our brewery at Intelligentsia .
They put the same passion and skill into their coffee as we do with our beer .
We brew this excellent stout with Black Cat Espresso beans from our friends next door .
We think you 'll like the combination .
Cheers ! "
Bourbon County Brand Coffee Stout comes in at 13 % alcohol by volume .
Expect to see bottles on shelves within a month .
The Vanilla and Rare versions are n't due until winter .
Also , for those that are n't aware , Goose Island recently released bottles of Night Stalker Imperial Stout for the first time .
" A heavily - hopped imperial stout , Night Stalker is a heavyweight of a beer .
It delivers a formidable punch of hops and rich roasted malt notes to the nose in a silky body that 's as dark as night . "
This one comes in at 11.7 % abv and 60 IBUs .
Some say it 's Goose Island 's answer to Surly 's Darkness .
Bottles seem to be going for about $ 10 so far .
I thought I heard that this was the first day of shooting the series , but I know now that ' The Train Job ' was actually the pilot , it may have been the first day of that episode .
I wish I could find out if this was indeed the first day of the series , because in one of my deepest fantasies , I would love it if they saw my brown camouflage and red scarf and ran with it .
I know , I know , the chances of that are so very slim , I 'm sure the all costumes were already designed ; but the coincidence has always been heart warming for me either way .
* Eleven states to join in collective lawsuit
* White House says legal challenges will not succeed
* Virginia : Congress cannot force people to buy insurance ( Adds W. House reaction ; Utah , S.Carolina , Tea Party efforts )
CHICAGO , March 22 ( Reuters ) - Republican attorneys general in at least 12 U.S. states warned on Monday that lawsuits will be filed to stop the federal government ’s healthcare reform bill from encroaching on states ’ sovereignty .
The lawsuits were announced hours after the U.S. House of Representatives gave final approval on Sunday night to a sweeping overhaul of the $ 2.5 trillion U.S. healthcare system , President Barack Obama ’s top domestic priority .
The bill to be signed by Obama on Tuesday would extend medical coverage to 32 million uninsured Americans , expands the government health plan for the poor , imposes new taxes on the wealthy and bars insurance practices such as refusing to cover people with pre-existing medical conditions .
Eleven of the attorneys general plan to band together in a collective lawsuit on behalf of Alabama , Florida , Michigan , Nebraska , North Dakota , Pennsylvania , South Carolina , South Dakota , Texas , Utah and Washington .
Factbox : [ ID : nN22202437 ]
Utah Attorney General Mark Shurtleff told Reuters the lawsuit will probably be filed in U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Florida .
The case could be decided relatively quickly at the trial - court level since the question is mainly one of law , according to South Carolina Attorney General Henry McMaster , who said appeals and a U.S. Supreme Court ruling were likely in the lawsuit that seeks a declaratory judgment against the reforms .
“ You wo n’t need to call expert witnesses or file a lot of briefs , ” McMaster said .
“ This is a matter of law , not policy . ”
White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said the Obama administration did not think the lawsuits will succeed .
“ For many decades , the Supreme Court has recognized Congress ’ authority under the commerce clause to regulate activities related to interstate commerce , ” Gibbs said at the daily briefing .
CONGRESS VS STATES
State officials have cited potential commerce clause violations as well as the bill being at odds with the Tenth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution .
That amendment says that “ powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the states , are reserved to the states . ”
Virginia Attorney General Kenneth Cuccinelli , who plans to file a lawsuit in federal court in Richmond , Virginia , said Congress lacks authority under its constitutional power to regulate interstate commerce to force people to buy insurance .
The bill also conflicts with a state law that says Virginians cannot be required to buy insurance , he added .
“ If a person decides not to buy health insurance , that person by definition is not engaging in commerce , ” Cuccinelli said in recorded comments .
“ If you are not engaging in commerce , how can the federal government regulate you ? ”
Forrest McDonald , a retired University of Alabama history professor who has written a book on states ’ rights , said Congress has no power to make someone buy something .
“ You can stretch it all to hell and you ’re going to find a lot of power , but you ca n’t find the power to make me buy a car or anything , ” he said .
But Mark Rosen , a Constitution scholar at Chicago - Kent College of Law , said the states do not really have a constitutional leg to stand on .
“ Congress has clear authority to pass this type of legislation and under the supremacy clause that makes federal law supreme , ” he said .
In addition to the pending lawsuits , bills and resolutions have been introduced in at least 36 state legislatures seeking to limit or oppose various aspects of the reform plan through laws or state constitutional amendments , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures .
So far , only three states -- Idaho , Virginia and Utah -- have enacted laws , while an Arizona constitutional amendment is seeking voter approval on the November ballot .
But the actual enactment of the bill by President Barack Obama could spur more movement on the measures by state lawmakers .
No anti-healthcare reform legislation has emerged in Democrat - dominated states like Illinois and New York .
Meanwhile , Tea Party groups and others in Ohio and Michigan are readying proposed constitutional amendments to fend off the federal healthcare mandates after legislative attempts stalled .
They hope to collect enough signatures to place the measures on the November ballot in those states .
Florida Attorney General Bill McCollum , a Republican candidate running for governor , said the mandate would cost Florida at least $ 1.6 billion in Medicaid alone .
All states would receive extra funding to cover Medicaid costs , which are expected to rise under the reform , including 100 percent federal coverage for new enrollees under the plan through 2016 .
Medicaid is the healthcare program for the poor jointly administered by the states and federal government .
This Motley Fool series examines things that just are n't right in the world of finance and investing .
Here 's what 's got us riled this week .
If something 's bugging you , too -- and we suspect it is -- go ahead and unload in the comments section below .
Today 's subject : Last month , the humor site Cracked .com posted a semiserious article listing five reasons to be scared of Apple ( Nasdaq : AAPL ) .
The top reason , entertainingly referred to as " The Masterplan , " refers to an Oct. 22 , 2009 , patent in which Apple describes a method for forcing users to pay attention to ads .
You read that right ; this is no joke .
U.S. Patent Office application 20090265214 , co-authored by Apple CEO Steve Jobs , refers to " an operating system [ that ] presents one or more advertisements to a user and disables one or more functions while the advertisement is being presented . "
Sound bad ?
It gets worse when you dig into the details :
As another example , the system can provide constant or repeated monitoring of whether the system presents the advertisement (s ) as scheduled .
If non-presentation is detected , the system can invoke one or more enforcement routines to seek compliance with the advertisement presentation schedule .
Such enforcement routines can include , but are not limited to , disabling the system in whole or in part , reporting the issue to a responsible party , invoking an alternative way of presenting the advertisement ( such as by audio when visual presentation is impeded ) , or by registering the non-compliance in a log that can later be used in a follow - up process .
Anyone else reading that wonder if Apple TV is about to graduate from homey living room companion to 1950's " and now a word from our sponsor " pitchman ?
Perhaps we 're witnessing the end of Apple TV as hobby and the beginning of the device as a serious , if creepy , rival to TiVo ( Nasdaq : TIVO ) and Cisco ( Nasdaq : CSCO ) and its set - top boxes .
The iPhone could also be a target for this technology , an enhancement designed to entice big - budget advertisers to its recently acquired Quattro Wireless ad network .
Why you should be indignant :
When 's the last time we saw Apple talking like this ?
Technology - induced mind control ?
It 'd be like a really good Hulu ad if this were n't a serious patent filing .
Alec Baldwin could reprise his role .
But of course we 've never seen Apple act this Orwellian .
That 's why some Fools do n't believe it 's real .
" I think this is all a red herring , because we live in an interactive , socially networked world .
Apple knows this , " wrote our own David Gardner in response to the news .
David has twice named Apple to his side of the Motley Fool Stock Advisor scorecard .
I 'd love to be as optimistic as David , but recent history shows how seriously Apple takes its patent portfolio .
I have a hard time believing Jobs would lend his name to a filing for a technology that he had no intention of developing .
And that has consequences .
Already famous for imposing its will on the music industry and software developers , what happens when the company imposes its will on users ?
When do we reach the line in the sand , the one that consumers wo n't cross , the one that signals the end to this remarkable growth story ?
Perhaps I 'm overstating the problem .
One of my favorite Fools , T. Allan Regas , known here as TMFBreakerTAllan , wrote this in response to the patent news :
I would n't be " scared . "
I think that the broadcast media model has worked very well for both content producers and consumers for the past 90 years , first with radio and then TV where consumers trade free content for time with ads .
I know that because of that model , my choices in available media and content are exponentially increased where the costs are shifted to advertisers and not borne by consumers .
He has a point .
The difference is that Apple plans to compel behavior , and consumers rarely take kindly to being compelled to do anything .
More often , they revolt .
Ask eBay ( Nasdaq : EBAY ) about its experience with raising prices sometime .
What now ?
If I 'm being tough on Apple , it 's because I love the company .
I grew up with Apple .
I wrote geeky little programs on an Apple IIe .
I resisted pressure to " become a PC " at work in the early '90s , choosing instead to spend as much as was necessary to configure my PowerMac for remote access to my company 's Windows network .
I was a turtleneck - wearing member of the Cult of Mac , because that Apple was a lovable loser that loved its small band of loyal users in return .
This patent , this company , is n't the Apple I know .
And that 's good in one sense .
Lovable losers are for baseball , not business .
Apple should play to beat Microsoft ( Nasdaq : MSFT ) , Google ( Nasdaq : GOOG ) , and Dell ( Nasdaq : DELL ) .
But I wonder if , in chasing victory , the Mac maker has lost its soul .
This soul , in particular :
You know , we do n't grow most of the food we eat .
We wear clothes other people make .
We speak a language that other people developed .
We use a mathematics that other people evolved ... I mean , we 're constantly taking things .
It 's a wonderful , ecstatic feeling to create something that puts it back in the pool of human experience and knowledge .
That 's Jobs , quoted by writer Steven Levy in the book Insanely Great , a narrative recap of how the Mac came to be , and why Jobs and his team worked so hard to make it : to add to the human experience .
Bludgeoning advertising technology does n't meet that standard .
Los Angeles , California ( CNN ) -- Jaime Escalante , the math teacher portrayed in the 1988 film " Stand and Deliver , " died Tuesday after a battle with cancer , according to the actor who played him .
Escalante , 79 , was surrounded by his wife , children and grandchildren when he died at his home in Roseville , California , said Edward James Olmos .
Olmos visited Escalante 's bedside Monday night , he said .
" We lost one of the true giants of education and inspiration in this country , " Olmos said .
" He really made us understand that it did n't matter what color , race , creed or ethnicity any of us are . "
Olmos disclosed earlier this month that Escalante was " seriously ill " with cancer and needed help paying for his medical care .
He held a fundraiser in Los Angeles , California , for him last week .
" Stand and Deliver " told the inspirational story of how Escalante turned the failing calculus program at Garfield High School in east Los Angeles into one of the top in the nation .
The movie depicted events of 1982 when his inner-city student 's test scores were questioned by officials .
Those who were retested had their passing scores reinstated .
Escalante became a hero for educators , earning him entrance to the National Teachers Hall of Fame and the Presidential Medal for Excellence in Education .
" During his tenure at Garfield High School , many of our students excelled in learning , aspired to a higher education and went on to become very successful in various careers , " Los Angeles School Superintendent Ramon Cortines said .
" Today , they are living testaments to a teacher who demonstrated how high expectations coupled with constant support can overcome obstacles to a quality education . "
The Garfield High math program floundered after Escalante left in 1991 for a teaching job in Sacramento , California .
He also hosted a PBS television series that promoted math and science careers .
He retired from teaching and returned to Bolivia in 1999 , where he was born in 1930 .
Escalante recently returned to California for medical treatment .
CNN 's Sonya Hamasaki contributed to this report .
Help !
How do I know ?
How do you tell a scientist from a non-scientist ?
Where does science end , and propaganda , politics , and opinion begin ?
You only need to know one thing : …
… Straight away , this sorts the wheat from the weeds .
We do n’t learn about the natural world by calling people names or hiding data .
We do n’t learn by chucking out measurements in favor of opinions .
We do n’t learn by suppressing discussions , or setting up fake rules about which bits of paper count or which people have a licence to speak .
A transparent , competitive system where all views are welcome is the fastest way to advance humanity .
The Royal Society is the oldest scientific association in the world .
Its motto is essentially , Take No One ’s Word For It .
In other words , assume nothing ; look at the data .
When results come in that do n’t fit the theory , a scientist chucks out his theory .
A non-scientist has “ faith ” , he “ believes ” or assumes his theory is right , and tries to make the measurements fit .
When measurements disagree , he ignores the awkward news , and “ corrects ” , or statistically alters , the data–always in the direction that keeps his theory alive .
Page 13
TURN THE PAGES ( Links in red will become active as pages are published ) .
You are on the page in the Red Square .
This is page 15 of The Skeptics Handbook II .
A 20 page PDF
NOTES : This page was created as part of the booklet Global Bullies Want Your Money ( The Skeptics Handbook , vol . II ) .
It was inspired by requests from people who were obviously frustrated .
They wanted a formula , a checklist , or a table : a way to know which side was right .
The people who normally like to trust authority are the ones most likely to run into a brick wall in this debate .
They trust the scientific method , but also trust the institutions , the processes , and the politics that have risen up to supposedly carry this method from it ’s pure form into it ’s practical output .
And the two sides are at loggerheads .
I trust the scientific method , but not the human institutions ( they are subject to ambition , personality , money , and conflicts of interest ) .
In the end , the only real way to decide is to look at the evidence .
But , if you have to figure out who to trust , if that ’s your chosen short - cut , then at least this is a more systematic approach than trying to weigh up the resumes on each side .
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 10.0/10 ( 8 votes cast )
When the Cybersecurity Act of 2009 was originally proposed , this sweeping overhaul of the nation 's cybersecurity apparatus contained a provision that would give the president the power to shut down the Internet in the event of a major cyberattack .
Needless to say , the idea of giving an Internet kill switch to Obama was wildly unpopular with everyone from civil libertarians to the Fox News crowd , and the bill did n't make it very far .
The bill 's sponsors , Sens. Jay Rockefeller ( D - WV ) and Olympia Snowe ( R - ME ) , amended the bill [ PDF ] last week and dropped the controversial kill switch provision .
In the modified version of the bill , which is now the Cybersecurity Act of 2010 , S. 773 , the president will work with government agencies and the private sector to define a set of objective criteria for what constitutes a national cybersecurity emergency .
The president will also work with those same parties to develop a coordinated plan of action that will kick in when such an emergency is formally declared .
The combination of agreed - upon objective criteria and a preexisting plan that 's collaboratively developed with the owners of critical network infrastructure is by itself a significant improvement over the former version 's unilateral presidential shutdown power , but the amendment goes even further by explicitly declaring that , " This section does not authorize , and shall not be construed to authorize , an expansion of existing Presidential authorities . "
Despite the modifications , the new bill is still substantially the same as the old one in many respects .
The act still aims to organize the mess of federal cybersecurity efforts , and to increase collaboration between the public and private sectors .
The latter goal is especially important , because most of the the critical infrastructure that the bill is designed to protect is privately owned .
So the government will have to collaborate with network operators , utility companies , federal contractors , the financial sector , and other sectors to achieve any worthwhile cybersecurity goals .
Other parts of the bill provide for the development of cybersecurity expertise by funding scholarships and academic programs , and one section aims to " establish cybersecurity competitions and challenges with cash prizes , and promulgate rules for participation in such competitions and challenges . "
The Senate Commerce , Science and Transportation Committee will review the bill this coming Wednesday in a markup session , after which point it will have to be reconciled with the Cybersecurity Enhancement Act of 2009 ( HR 4061 ) , which the House passed last month .
If the Senate bill makes progress , it 's possible that major cybersecurity legislation will end up on the president 's desk before the end of the year .
He said : “ Around February 12 this year the victim ’s sister said that the defendant had made contact with her on Facebook and the victim also received a message .
The message was brief but clearly of a harassing nature .
He claims he just wants to see his baby . ”
Following the callout by a group of unions to hold a demonstration in the city of Maracay against [ the government 's ] economic measures , the criminalisation of protest and for justice in the cases of workers assassinated for demanding improvements in their conditions , three members of [ human rights organisation ]
Provea - of whom I was one - and two members of the El Libertario newspaper - of which I am also a member - made our way with other companeros from Caracas to show our solidarity .
At approximately 2 pm , a group of around 200-300 people congregated on the corner of the Avenidas Bolívar and Ayacucho in the city [ of Maracay ] .
We recognised some faces - old school , left wing union militants , folk from all over the country - but most of the attendees were affiliated to various labour organisations such as the National Workers ' Union ( UTE ) .
There was a disproportionate number of police present , who quickly started to block access to each of the four streets down which the demonstration would have been able to march .
Right from the start , the authorities adopted a confrontational attitude ; they were committed to preventing the march from happening .
No more than 30 minutes had passed when they started to detonate tear gas bombs in order to disperse the demonstrators before proceeding to detain people indiscriminately .
Having recovered from inhaling an amount of tear gas , I accompanied Robert González - the executive secretary of the Oil Workers ' Federation ( Federación Petrolera ) - as he was being interviewed by TVS Maracay ( a regional TV channel ) .
While he spoke to the journalist , a group of more than 30 police surrounded us .
As soon as the TV cameras switched off , they pounced on us and , pushing against us , bundled us into the van .
Amidst the tussle , they seized and broke my anarchist banner , which read , " FOR LIBERTARIAN AUTONOMY AND AGAINST THE REPRESSION OF SOCIAL MOVEMENTS " .
Twelve people in total were packed into the police van , including two members of the Workers ' League for Socialism ( LTS ) .
They did n't tell us what our charges were , or where we were headed .
We arrived at the main police station for Aragua state in the San Jacinto zone [ of Maracay ] .
The rest of the detainees , including a woman , had been forced to sit on the floor , while we just joined the queue .
They took our identification documents off us , and , after a while , they took us through into an office where they booked us in .
In another room , they made us strip naked , filming our faces with a video camera as we did so .
An obese policeman in civilian clothes was asking us , " Who sent you ?
Who sent you ? "
Afterwards , they put eight of us in a 2x1 m cell alongside an underage kid who told us he had spent 6 months in this cell for aggravated robbery .
We were n't able to all sit down at the same time .
While the heat slowly suffocated us , the underage kid urinated in a soft drink can .
A low ranking bureaucrat from the Public Prosecutor 's office arrived and told us that we were charged with " obstruction of a public highway , incitement of criminal activity and resisting authority " .
Before leaving , he rather casually informed us that we would be presented in front of the Attorney General the following day .
Various Public
Defenders came after them , and it was with their mediation that we were eventually able to get out of the hole they had dumped us in .
Two Provea lawyers also arrived from Caracas , practically bringing with them the news that the order had come from on high to not only liberate us unconditionally but also to eradicate all evidence of our ever having been in this police station .
After another hour of waiting they handed us back our belongings .
An intrepid group of companeros had awaited our release , weathering the intermittent , strong rains .
We came out together to hugs , kisses , applause and an impromptu rally .
Within a few hours , news of our arrest had echoed around the whole world .
Many companeros moved heaven and earth in order to intervene on our behalf , with communiqués crossing seas in rejection of repression and demanding our release and telephone calls coming in from various parts of the globe .
In the capital , the cost of having three human right activists in jail was quickly weighed up and the Public Defender contacted the local authorities [ in Aragua ] personally to demand our immediate liberation .
How I wish that a similar speed was used in dealing with the rest of the cases of individuals detained for demonstrating ; if so , there would n't be more than 2200 people [ in Venezuela ] facing court dates after having gone through the same odyssey as us .
It is a sad privilege to be afforded this sort of service .
However , it does n't alter the fact that yet another workers ' demonstration was blocked and attacked by the authorities .
This is now the state 's policy ; the cases speak for themselves .
A second point relates to what I - finding myself to be tired and lacking in ideas - will call the politics of noise .
Our swift liberation - which , as I repeat , is not the case for tens of similar cases - was , to a great extent , the product of the rapid diffusion of the news [ of our arrest , not only ] on social networks such as Twitter , [ but also , and ] in particular , the independent mass media .
The paradox is that our arrest was covered by many media outlets about whom we hold great reservations - such as Globovisión and El Nacional - but ignored by the media who , hypothetically and theoretically , should be accompanying the popular struggles .
A brief example of this is in the [ para - state website ] Aporrea .
Today 's demonstration in Maracay did n't exist for a group of people who define themselves as " a popular alternative news agency and an open , interactive billboard for popular movements and workers ' movements " , yet a strike in Rome did .
Neither did they mention the repression or arrest of over 20 workers and union leaders .
As I 've commented previously , in Venezuela , the news of the " alternative " media must be checked against the private media - not the other way round , like in the rest of the world .
On this issue , we must draw the necessary conclusions .
I write this from my house , in the arms of my partner and my mongrel dog , adopted via Aproa [ animal welfare organisation which takes in stray dogs and find them homes ] .
I infinitely owe the ability to sleep with such heartwarming company to the friends who swiftly swung into action ; I must thank them personally , and not through the injustice of a list [ of names ] where I might forget someone .
They know who they are and they 're only just receiving this text via email .
As a human being , an anarchist and a human rights defender I strive to constantly justify their dedication , while continuing on this path , which - if I can just squeeze in this piece of proud pretention - is nothing but accompanying and strengthening the struggles of those people who confront Power [ in order to fight ] for their rights and their dignity , of which they have as much as I do .
Thank you .
Rafael Uzcategui
13/03/2010
1.02am
Actor Peter Graves was found dead Sunday at his home in Pacific Palisades , according to law enforcement sources .
Graves , who stared in " Mission : Impossible , " " Airplane ! " and Billy Wilder 's " Stalag 17 " -- apparently died of natural causes , the sources said .
Graves was 83 , according to a biography on the website IMDB.com .
In a Times story late last year , Graves said he initially turned down the role for " Airplane ! " because he thought it was in poor taste -- until actors Robert Stack , Lloyd Bridges and Leslie Nielsen signed on to the cast .
" They say you are supposed to stretch as an actor , so let 's go stretch it , " he told The Times ' Susan King .
A full obituary is coming shortly from The Times .
-- Andrew Blankstein and Cara Mia DiMassa
Photo : Peter Graves , pictured Dec. 8 , 2009 .
Credit : Genaro Molina / Los Angeles Times
More photos
A new Times database puts readers on the sidewalks of Hollywood , using more than a century of archives to track the lives of the stars , including current Oscar nominees Jeff Bridges , James Cameron , Matt Damon , Morgan Freeman , Sandra Bullock and Meryl Streep .
Going through a divorce is perhaps one of the toughest times of your life , so you want to find an attorney who not only specializes in divorce and family law but one that you can trust .
Divorce can be very complex , especially where children are involved , and in the cases where you are not on [… ]
Harry Reid just sent Mitch McConnell a letter expressing his intention to move forward with reconciliation , and telling the Republicans to , well , read for yourself :
Though we have tried to engage in a serious discussion , our efforts have been met by repeatedly debunked myths and outright lies .
At the same time , Republicans have resorted to extraordinary legislative maneuvers in an effort not to improve the bill , but to delay and kill it .
After watching these tactics for nearly a year , there is only one conclusion an objective observer could make : these Republican maneuvers are rooted less in substantive policy concerns and more in a partisan desire to discredit Democrats , bolster Republicans , and protect the status quo on behalf of the insurance industry .[...]
60 Senators voted to pass historic reform that will make health insurance more affordable , make health insurance companies more accountable and reduce our deficit by roughly a trillion dollars .
The House passed a similar bill .
However , many Republicans now are demanding that we simply ignore the progress we ’ve made , the extensive debate and negotiations we ’ve held , the amendments we ’ve added ( including more than 100 from Republicans ) and the votes of a supermajority in favor of a bill whose contents the American people unambiguously support .
We will not .
We will finish the job .
We will do so by revising individual elements of the bills both Houses of Congress passed last year , and we plan to use the regular budget reconciliation process that the Republican caucus has used many times .
I know that many Republicans have expressed concerns with our use of the existing Senate rules , but their argument is unjustified .
There is nothing unusual or extraordinary about the use of reconciliation .
As one of the most senior Senators in your caucus , Sen. Judd Gregg of New Hampshire , said in explaining the use of this very same option , “ Is there something wrong with majority rules ?
I do n’t think so . ”
Similarly , as non-partisan congressional scholars Thomas Mann and Norm Ornstein said in this Sunday ’s New York Times , our proposal is “ compatible with the law , Senate rules and the framers ’ intent . ”
Reconciliation is designed to deal with budget - related matters , and some have expressed doubt that it could be used for comprehensive health care reform that includes many policies with no budget implications .
But the reconciliation bill now under consideration would not be the vehicle for comprehensive reform – that bill already passed outside of reconciliation with 60 votes .
Instead , reconciliation would be used to make a modest number of changes to the original legislation , all of which would be budget - related .
There is nothing inappropriate about this .
Reconciliation has been used many times for a variety of health - related matters , including the establishment of the Children ’s Health Insurance Program and COBRA benefits , and many changes to Medicare and Medicaid .
As you know , the vast majority of bills developed through reconciliation were passed by Republican Congresses and signed into law by Republican Presidents – including President Bush ’s massive , budget - busting tax breaks for multi-millionaires .
Given this history , one might conclude that Republicans believe a majority vote is sufficient to increase the deficit and benefit the super - rich , but not to reduce the deficit and benefit the middle class .
Alternatively , perhaps Republicans believe a majority vote is appropriate only when Republicans are in the majority .
Either way , we disagree .
Keep in mind that reconciliation will not exclude Republicans from the legislative process .
You will continue to have an opportunity to offer amendments and change the shape of the legislation .
In addition , at the end of the process , the bill can pass only if it wins a democratic , up - or - down majority vote .
If Republicans want to vote against a bill that reduces health care costs , fills the prescription drug “ donut hole ” for seniors and reduces the deficit , you will have every right to do so .
CSS3 , please !
This element will receive instant changes as you edit the CSS rules on the left .
Enjoy !
/* -------------------------------------------------------------
CSS3 , Please !
===================================================
Update : We recommend using Autoprefixer instead of CSS3 Please .
You can edit the underlined values in this css file , but do n't worry about making sure the corresponding values match , that 's all done automagically for you .
Whenever you want , you can copy the whole or part of this page and paste it into your own stylesheet .
-------------------------------------------------------------
*/
. box_round { border - radius : 12 px ; background - clip : padding - box ; }
.box_shadow { - webkit - box - shadow : 0px 0px 4px 0 px # ffffff ; box - shadow : 0px 0px 4px 0px # ffffff ; }
.box_gradient { background - color : # 444444 ; background-image : -webkit-linear-gradient(top , #444444 , #999999 ) ; background - image : linear - gradient ( to bottom , # 444444 , #999999 ) ; }
.box_transition { - webkit - transition : all 0.3s ease - out ; transition : all 0.3s ease - out ; }
.box_textshadow { text - shadow : 1px 1px 3 px # 888 ; }
.box_opacity { opacity : 0.9 ; }
* { - webkit - box - sizing : border - box ; - moz - box - sizing : border - box ; box - sizing : border - box ; }
.box_bgsize { - webkit-background-size : 100 % 100 % ; background - size : 100 % 100 % ; }
.box_animation : hover { - webkit- animation : myanim 5s infinite ; animation : myanim 5s infinite ; } @ - webkit - keyframes myanim { 0 % { opacity : 0.0 ; } 50 % { opacity : 0.5 ; } 100 % { opacity : 1.0 ; } } @keyframes myanim { 0 % { opacity : 0.0 ; } 50 % { opacity : 0.5 ; } 100 % { opacity : 1.0 ; } }
From oh noes !
Oh hai :) From Peter Nederlof Manipulate me , please !
rotate scale skew skew move .matrix { }
@font - face { font - family : ' WebFont ' ; src : url ( 'myfont.woff ' ) format ( ' woff ' ) , url( 'myfont.ttf ' ) format ( ' truetype ' ) ; }
.box_tabsize { - moz - tab - size : 2 ; tab-size : 2 ; }
By Geoff Brumfiel
Physicists have rooted through a morass of collisions to find the heaviest antimatter nucleus yet inside one of their particle accelerators .
Collisions between gold nuclei at the Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider ( RHIC ) on Long Island , New York , have yielded heavy isotopes of antihydrogen that include a subatomic particle known as an antistrange quark , which is heavier than less unusual up or down quarks .
The extra mass of the exotic antiquark is enough to make this antihydrogen isotope heavier than the previous record - holder , antihelium .
Further studies of the new antinuclei may provide information about the cores of neutron stars , or even insight into the earliest days of the Universe .
The work appears online today in the journal Science1 .
Few pieces of science fact come as close to science fiction as antimatter .
Antimatter particles carry the same mass as normal matter , but the opposite charge .
When matter and antimatter collide , they annihilate in a flash of energy .
Paul Dirac first theorized antimatter 's existence in 1928 , and since then researchers have studied antimatter particles created by nuclear decays and high - energy collisions of normal matter .
Today , positrons -- antielectrons -- are even used in some kinds of medical imaging .
But antiatoms made up of antiprotons and antineutrons are still a rarity .
Because we live in a world dominated by regular matter , antiprotons and antineutrons typically annihilate before they can form into antinuclei .
To date , only a handful of groups have successfully coaxed antiparticles into atomic configurations .
Antimatter recipe
To make the antiatoms requires two conditions , says Declan Keane , a physicist at Kent State University in Ohio and a member of the STAR Collaboration , which discovered the new nuclei .
First , you need enormously high energies to generate the antimatter .
Second , you need enough of the stuff around that it has a chance to meet other antimatter particles and form atoms before it annihilates .
RHIC is perfect for this kind of work , Keane says .
The collider smashes gold nuclei together at 200 gigaelectronvolts , an energy that approaches the earliest moments following the Big Bang .
When they hit , nuclei quickly dissolve into a soup of quarks and antiquarks , the fundamental particles that make up protons and neutrons .
To form the new antihydrogen isotope , first an antistrange quark binds with an antiup and antidown quark to make an antilambda -- an antineutron - like particle .
The antilambda , which is fractionally heavier than a neutron , must then combine with a conventional antineutron and an antiproton .
The chances of this happening are very slim : out of 100 million collisions , RHIC generated just 70 of the new antihydrogen isotopes .
The little bang
The data " literally looked like haystacks " , Keane says .
To find the new antihydrogen , Jinhui Chen of the Shanghai Institute of Applied Physics , and Zhangbu Xu of Brookhaven National Laboratory , where RHIC is housed , developed sophisticated software that could pick out the new antinucleons .
Each one tipped the scales at just over 5.3x10 - 27 kilograms ( 2.991 gigaelectronvolts / c2 ) -- a vanishingly small amount , but with antihelium weighing in at 4.8x10 - 27 kg ( 2.72 GeV / c^2 ) , still heavy enough to make this antihydrogen isotope the heaviest antinucleus discovered up to this point .
The isotope did n't stick around for long however -- the half life of the antinuclei was just a few hundred trillionths of a second .
" The production of these ' strange ' anti-nuclei is not really a surprise , " says Jürgen Schukraft , a physicist on the ALICE heavy - ion experiment at CERN , Europe 's particle - physics laboratory near Geneva , Switzerland .
Nevertheless , he says , they will be interesting to study .
Neutron stars , the remnants of once - massive stars , are thought to contain large numbers of strange quarks , and antinuclei containing strange quarks could play a part in their evolution .
Moreover , studying the properties of antinuclei such as these might help physicists to better understand why the Universe is full of matter rather than antimatter .
The Big Bang may have given us plenty of regular matter to work with , Schukraft says , but " the little bang at RHIC has now delivered some of their most exotic antimatter partners for scientific investigation " .
Exciting new math features have arrived in Wolfram| Alpha !
Our programmers have spent the past two months developing new capabilities in optimization , probability , number theory , and a host of other mathematical disciplines .
Searching for elusive extrema ?
Look no further !
Just feed your function (s ) into Wolfram| Alpha and ask for their maxima , minima , or both .
You can find global maxima and minima , optimize a function subject to constraints , or simply hunt for local extrema .
We ’ve also added support for a wide variety of combinatorics and probability queries .
Counting combinations and generating binomial coefficients has been simplified with syntax like 30 choose 18 .
Want to spend less time crunching numbers and more time practicing your poker face ?
You can ask directly for the probability of a full house or other common hands , as well as the probabilities of various outcomes when you play Powerball , roll two 12 - sided dice , or repeat any sequence of trials with a 20 % chance 4 times .
The pursuit of primes has never been so simple .
Imagine yourself walking the streets of an infinite city in search of “ prime real estate . ”
You can find the nearest one simply by requesting ( for example ) the prime closest to 100854 ; alternatively , you could scope out the entire neighborhood by asking Wolfram| Alpha to list primes between 100,000 and 101,000 .
Would you prefer the greatest prime number with 10 digits , or will you be satisfied with any random prime between 100,000,000 and 200,000,000 ?
The aspiring real estate agent—er , number theoretician — can also tinker with quantities like the sum of the first hundred primes or the product of primes between 900 and 1000 .
If your explorations take you to the realm of the composites ( the addresses of houses with “ sub - prime ” mortgages , perhaps ) , you can identify numbers with shared factors by querying Wolfram| Alpha for , say , multiples of 5 , 17 , 21 .
Other additions have brought everything from Archimedes ’ axiom to semiaxes and square pyramid syntax into our body of computable knowledge and functions .
Wolfram|
Alpha grows daily , so stay tuned to this blog for further updates .
Better yet , apply to become a Wolfram| Alpha tester for privileged access to the newest features before they go public !
Warum wir anders sind als alle anderen Vergleichsportale
Heutzutage spielt die physische sowie auch die psychische Gesundheit eine sehr große Rolle .
Wir von narcissismepidemic.com teilen diese Ansicht und wollen mit unseren Leitfäden zu allgemeiner Gesundheit , Ernährung und Fitness einen neuen Rahmen schaffen .
Der Bereich “ Abnehmen ” ist uns besonders wichtig .
Denn wie jeder weiß ist eine gute Ernährung und ausreichende sportliche Betätigung der Grundstein für einen Körper der gesund und fit sein möchte .
Deshalb werden unsere Artikel nur von Experten mit langjähriger Erfahrung in diesen Bereichen geschrieben .
Allgemeine Nahrungsergänzungsmittel und Produkte werden von uns sorgfältig geprüft und teilweise von freiwilligen Personen auf ihre Wirkung und Nebenwirkungen getestet .
Dies ermöglicht es uns nicht nur theoretisches Wissen , sondern auch bewährte praktische Informationen zur Verfügung zu stellen .
Viele Portale erzählen zwar das ihre Testberichte auf echten Erfahrungen basieren , was jedoch oft nicht der Fall ist .
Oftmals versuchen diese Portale mit Lug und Trug ihre Produkte zu verkaufen und liefern dem Leser keinen Mehrwert .
Wir sind anders .
Überzeugen
Sie sich selbst und Lesen Sie sich gerne in einige unserer Beiträge ein .
Oh hai !
Burton is looking out for their bottom line , too .
FirstTracksOnline reports that Burton will be closing its production facility in Vermont .
The company will retain research / development and prototyping in South Burlington , but will be moving 100 % of its production to Austria where their lower - end boards have been made for some time now .
To all Burton fanboys who got bent out of shape over the Sierra vs. Burton snafu last week , what with their “ Sierra is just in it for the money ! ” spin doctoring : Cram it already !
Burton is undercutting their retail / middlemen , and outsourcing labor .
They ’re in it for the money , too , ( there is nothing wrong with either of these , for the record ) and anyone who tells you otherwise is either a liar or an idiot .
For the latest updates , follow @agnarchy on Facebook :
Someone once suggested to me that , “ If brand names really meant anything , they would n’t have to spend any money on advertisement … ”
In other words , a phenomenal product speaks for itself .
Maybe if they spent a little less money on marketing , they ’d have more money to pay for production , labor , etc .
And let this be a lesson to you all : a snowboard is not “ worth ” what it costs to produce / market / distribute / etc .
A snowboard ’s “ worth ” or value is determined by the market .
Attempting to circumvent the basic interplay of supply and demand , under guise of “ protecting our brand ’s value / goodwill / etc. ” is the mark of a monopolist .
End of story .
Circulatory System , founded by Will Cullen Hart , John Fernandes , and Peter Erchick after the 1999 break - up of The Olivia Tremor Control , make dense , psychedelic noise pop rife with harmony .
Other contributors include Heather McIntosh … read more
The Pulitzer Prize Board has officially accepted The National Enquirer 's submissions for breaking the John Edwards scandal , according to sources close to the board .
In a historic move , the Pulitzer Board conceded that the self - proclaimed tabloid is qualified to compete with mainstream news outlets for journalism 's most prestigious prize .
The Enquirer is in the running for the Pulitzer in two categories : " Investigative Reporting " and " National News Reporting " for The National Enquirer staff .
Read more at the Huffington Post .
While several of his teammates jetted off to soak up sun rays and sip fruity drinks on the beach , Cal Clutterbuck and his girlfriend went back to the Toronto area to work on a house they are building for an offseason home .
“ We made all the decisions that go into building a home , ” said Clutterbuck .
“ There weremore decisions than either of us thought there would be .
” Perhaps some of those decisions will be a little easier to handle after Clutterbuck signed a contract extension to remain with the Minnesota Wild .
The second - year right wing will be drilling opponents , exuberantly celebrating goals and cracking his Wild teammates up for at least the next three years .
“ I could n’t be happier , ” said the NHL record holder for hits in a season with 356 in 2008 - 2009 .
“ There is no other place I would want to be .
I love playing here .
The team is in really good shape .
This is exactly where I want to be for at least another three years .
” Clutterbuck , who was due to become a restricted free agent at the end of the season , becomes the first current Wild player to sign an extension during the 2009 - 2010 season .
It was an easy decision for Wild general manager Chuck Fletcher to make .
“ Cal is an intense competitor who has quickly become a fan favorite with the Wild , ” said the first - year GM .
“ We look forward to watching his development for years to come .
” The third - round pick in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft already has developed considerably in just his second year .
Despite missing five games in October with a high ankle sprain , Clutterbuck has already surpassed his 11 - goal total from last year with 12 this season .
His next point will surpass his 18 points from a season ago .
And while Clutterbuck envisions himself eventually scoring “ 20 goals , maybe 30 ” in a season , he knows it ’s his energy that is most needed on this team , as evidenced by him leading the NHL in hits once again with 252 this season .
“ Definitely there ’s a comfort level to being on a one - way contract for the next three years , but I ’m not going to let up at all .
I still have to play hard every night and that ’s never going to change .
” That ’s exactly why he has endeared himself to his hometown fans .
Clutterbuck ’s number 22 jersey is the most popular jersey sold at the Wild ’s Hockey Lodge locations .
Every one of his hits ( especially those delivered to the likes of Dion Phaneuf , Ryan Kesler and Sean Avery ) are met with raucous cheers .
That feeling of adoration is mutual for “ Clutter .
” “ I ’m extremely happy that people here want me to be here just as much as I want to be here .
A lot of times you do n’t find that in hockey these days , and fortunately I ’ve found it , ” he said .
“ I love the city .
The people are so nice .
They love their hockey , and that ’s the big thing .
People are so knowledgeable and passionate about the game , and those are the people I enjoy being around .
The people , the fans and the organization ; all those things put together make me really excited to be here .
” And Wild fans will be excited for him to be here , his home away from his soon - to - be - built home .
The three victims died in drive - by shootings in two separate attacks
Suspected drug cartel hit squads gunned down three people connected to the US consulate in the Mexican border city of Ciudad Juarez , a US official says .
They include a consulate employee and her husband , both American , and the Mexican husband of another employee .
President Barack Obama said he was " outraged " by the drive - by shootings .
It is not yet clear if they were specifically targeted , but the US has authorised employees at some consulates to send family members out of the area .
The six consulates are in the border cities of Tijuana , Nogales , Ciudad Juarez , Nuevo Laredo , Monterrey and Matamoros .
Mexico is battling a drug war that has killed some 18,000 people since 2006 .
Ciudad Juarez is a major flashpoint in the battle between Mexican drug gangs over trafficking routes to the US .
More than 2,600 people were murdered there in drug - related violence last year alone .
Social event
The three victims were killed in drive - by shootings in two separate attacks on Saturday afternoon , a US official said on condition of anonymity , citing privacy concerns .
" The president is deeply saddened and outraged by the news , " White House National Security Council spokesman Mike Hammer said in a statement .
" In concert with Mexican authorities , we will work tirelessly to bring their killers to justice , " he added .
A relative has identified the American couple as 35 - year - old Lesley Enriquez and her husband Arthur Redelf , 34 , of El Paso , Texas .
Their one - year - old baby was found unharmed in the back seat .
In the second attack , gunmen opened fire on the car belonging to the husband of a Mexican consulate employee .
They killed the man and wounded his two children , the official said .
" Suspected drug cartel hit teams fired on locally employed staff ... in their privately owned vehicles , " the US official said .
" Both families had attended the same social event earlier in the afternoon off - post away from the consulate ...
It has not been determined if the victims were specifically targeted , " the official added .
Travel warnings
Shortly after the killings were disclosed by the White House , the state department issued a travel warning for Mexico .
It urged US citizens to delay unnecessary travel to parts of the Mexican states of Durango , Coahuila and Chihuahua due to the recent violent attacks .
On Saturday , 13 people were killed in an outbreak of drug- related violence in the southern Mexican beach resort of Acapulco , officials said .
Acapulco is one of Mexico 's biggest tourist resorts , but in recent years it has been the scene of bloody turf wars between rival drug cartels .
Merchline is focused on being a boutique brand partner for companies and brands that need more than a basic e-commerce platform and solution .
We take a hands on approach to all of our client 's needs , whether it is helping them scale out their year , conceptualizing new lines or sourcing custom pieces on top of providing world class printing in - house .
It is this aspiration to excellence and our commitment to our client 's success that makes Merchline different .
Our online fulfillment system and processes are geared towards higher volume clientele who are in need of a partner to help bring them to the next level of growth , or to help maintain their current success .
New clients are taken on a case by case basis .
If your group is in need of our services , please contact us for more information .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Armed robbers have stormed a luxury hotel in central Berlin where a poker tournament was taking place , German police say .
One report said the gang - armed with assault rifles and hand grenades - made off with the tournament jackpot of 800,000 euros ( $ 1.1 m ; £ 726,000 ) .
Several people were injured in the ensuing panic , although none of them seriously .
About 1,000 poker players are taking part in the five - day tournament .
" Several masked , armed individuals entered the Grand Hyatt Hotel and fled with a haul of money , " police spokeswoman Heidi Vogt said .
She declined to say how much had been taken but Berlin 's Tageszeitung newspaper reported on its website that the gang had taken 800,000 euros .
' Panic '
Participant Tobias Reinkemeier said there was panic when the robbers broke in .
There was panic at the Grand Hyatt Hotel when the gang burst in
" They screamed ' armed robbery ' , " he said .
" We did n't know what was going on .
Then there was panic and everyone jumped underneath tables before they tried to escape through the emergency exit . "
The attack happened at about 1430 local time ( 1330GMT ) .
Four robbers entered from Potsdamer Platz while two others kept watch , Tageszeitung reported .
Images of the chaotic scenes were broadcast by the private n- tv television station .
Officials said most of the injuries were caused by panic .
The tournament - organised by the European Poker Tour ( EPT ) - resumed about four hours after the attack , German media reported .
A top Taliban and al Qaeda commander who operated on both sides of the Afghan - Pakistani border was not killed during recent airstrikes in Mohmand , a senior Taliban leader announced yesterday .
Qari Zia Rahman survived the March 5 airstrikes in the Mohmand tribal agency that reportedly killed 30 Taliban fighters , according to Faqir Mohammed , the leader of the Taliban in Bajaur and the deputy commander of the Pakistani Taliban .
Faqir also claimed that Taliban commander Mohammed Fateh was still alive .
“ Qari Zia and Fateh are alive , Faqir told Dawn .
“ We were not there .
We are still in Bajaur . ”
Rahman is a top Taliban and al Qaeda leader who operates in Pakistan ’s Bajaur tribal agency as well as in Afghanistan ’s Nuristan and Kunar provinces .
Fateh is a Swat Taliban commander who is on the list of the government ’s most wanted leaders in the northern district .
Rehman Malik , Pakistan ’s Interior Minister , had maintained that Faqir , Qari Zia , and Fateh were killed in the March 5 helicopter strike .
Malik even said that Fateh ’s body was seen being pulled from the rubble after the strike , but he could not provide any evidence that the three commanders were dead .
Just three days after the attack , Faqir confirmed he was alive , and stated that he had not been present during the strike .
“ I ’m fine .
It ’s just propaganda , ” Faqir told a reporter on March 8 .
Faqir ’s statement that Qari Zia and Fateh are also alive caps a week of false reports by Pakistani officials on the death or capture of top Taliban and al Qaeda leaders .
On March 7 , Pakistani intelligence officials insisted that Adam Gadahn , al Qaeda ’s top American - born spokesman who is wanted in the US for treason , was captured in Karachi .
One day later , Pakistani officials backtracked and declared that an American named Abu Yahya Mujahdeen al Adam had been captured instead .
In today ’s statement , Faqir also claimed that the Taliban did not resist a Pakistani Army advance into Bajaur as there was a deal in place , and he said the Bajaur Taliban will reignite the insurgency there .
“ We abdicated our positions and chose not to fight with security forces following an understanding that our people will not be harmed , ” he said .
“ But the government appears to be continuing with its repressive policies .
We will have no other option but to resume our attacks if such policies are not reversed . ”
Faqir ’s claim tracks with reports that the Taliban were upset with him for failing to oppose a military advance in Bajaur .
On Jan. 30 , Dawn reported that Faqir had been asked to step down by the Bajaur Taliban shura and had been replaced by Maulana Mohammad Jamal [ see LWJ report , “ Suicide bomber kills 17 Pakistanis in Bajaur “ ] .
Since taking over the Taliban stronghold of Damadola on March 2 , the Pakistani military has asserted that it is now in full control of the Bajaur tribal agency .
The military made an identical claim a year ago , on March 1 , 2009 .
Bill Roggio is a Senior Fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies and the Editor of FDD 's Long War Journal .
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD 's Long War Journal ?
Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years ?
Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one - time or monthly donation .
Thanks for reading !
You can make a tax - deductible donation here .
CORPORATE -TAX rates in OECD countries have fallen remorselessly over the past 30 years .
A survey by Robert Carroll of American University in Washington , DC , found that the top rate in OECD countries ( excluding America ) had dropped from 51 % in the early 1980s to 32 % by 2009 .
Competition among countries to attract business and with it bring employment was fierce in the late 1990s and early 2000s .
Ireland reduced its corporate - tax rate to just 12.5 % and chose not to raise it last year during an emergency budget .
Such differentials may not last long .
High - tax European governments have complained in the past about competition from countries such as Ireland and the current economic crisis may lead to more calls for co-ordination of tax policies .
Thai 'red shirt ' leaders say Bangkok protests to go on
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Anti-government demonstrators in Thailand say they will stay on the streets of Bangkok indefinitely to continue their push for new elections .
Their numbers have dwindled after four days of rallies - of more than 100,000 who started the protest , police said about 40,000 remained .
Protest leaders have promised nightly entertainment shows and further rallies in the days to come .
Both the government and the protesters have kept the rallies peaceful .
On Tuesday and Wednesday , protesters performed ritual blood - throwing events at Government House , the headquarters of the ruling Democrat Party , and the home of Prime Minister Abhisit Vejajjiva .
On Thursday they stayed in their camp around Government House - but said that they would come back out on to the streets at the weekend .
Rotations
The red - shirt protesters say Mr Abhisit 's government is illegitimate and want him to step down .
In the battle for Thailand 's political soul , symbolism is probably the most important weapon
Symbolism behind blood protest
He has refused to do so , and has been staying at a military base while protesters remain encamped around Government House .
Speaking on television , Mr Abhisit said he was open to dialogue .
" If the demonstration is still within the law the government does not object to holding negotiations " with protesters , he said .
The reds , meanwhile , said they were staying put and would seek to bolster their numbers at the weekend .
" We will have pick - up trucks and motorcycles going out all over Bangkok to urge people who agree with us that this government is illegitimate to come out , " said one leader , Nattawut Saikua .
PROTEST TIMELINE
2006 : Yellow - shirts launch street protests to oust PM Thaksin Shinawatra Sept 2006 : Thaksin ousted in military coup Dec 2007 : Thaksin allies win first post - coup elections Sept 2008 : Yellow - shirts occupy Bangkok government buildings , clash with pro-Thaksin red-shirts Nov 2008 : Yellow - shirts occupy Bangkok 's airports , forcing cancellation of hundreds of flights Dec 2008 : Thaksin - allied government falls , rival Abhisit Vejjajiva forms government Apr 2009 : Red-shirts storm Asean summit , clashes erupt in Bangkok Mar 2010 : Red -shirts launch protest aimed at bringing government down
Q&A : Thailand protests
Press : Protest divides society
Many people have travelled a long way from rural provinces and have jobs and businesses to return to .
But for those remaining in Bangkok , leaders are planning mass cultural shows and political meetings .
On Wednesday , alongside the blood donation and blood - spillings , protesters delivered a letter to the British embassy saying they wanted to counter false media reports about the protests .
They went on to picket the US embassy , accusing US intelligence of bugging former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra .
The protesters say the present government was installed illegally after Mr Thaksin was ousted in a military coup in 2006 , and two subsequent governments of his allies were deposed by court action .
Montenegrin police confirmed on Wednesday that Mr Thaksin was in Montenegro , having travelled there on 13 March from Dubai where he has been living .
A
Thai court gave him a prison sentence in absentia for corruption .
Are you in the area ?
Do you have information or images you would like to share with the BBC ?
Please let us know using the form below : Send your pictures to yourpics@bbc.co.uk or text them to +44 7725 100 100 .
If you have a large file you can upload here .
Read the terms and conditions
At no time should you endanger yourself or others , take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws .
In most cases a selection of your comments will be published , displaying your name and location unless you state otherwise in the box below .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Room Sprays and Why You Need Them
Sniff , sniff … what is that smell ?
Do you notice odors in your home or workplace ?
Do n’t be surprised if the answer is “ no . ”
Many of us become so used to the smells and odors around us that we do n’t notice pet smells , cooking odors , and other unpleasant scents .
Unsuspecting guests sure can notice these offenders quite easily .
Even if you are away from your workplace or home for a while and walk in , you may notice that odors are quite prominent .
Room sprays are a great way to freshen up any space and add a wonderful scent to any environment .
There are many reasons why room sprays are so popular :
1 ) Room sprays are often safer than candles .
While candles are a popular way to add scent to a home or space , they can be problematic .
You can not use candles very easily if you have children and pets – unless you are willing to supervise carefully .
Candles are also not permissible in many work environments , offices , public buildings , and hotels – all places where you might want a quick boost of fragrance .
Room sprays , since they use no open flame , work perfectly just about everywhere .
2 ) Rooms sprays can help you spot treat .
If only one room needs a quick burst of fragrance , sprays can be a great way to treat that .
Unlike other forms of scent , which diffuse scent over large spaces , sprays are perfect for taking care of one stinky area ..
3 ) Room sprays allow you to fight fire with fire .
Some odors are quite strong and simply cannot be tackled with scented candles , which offer only light scents , most of the time .
Sprays , however , are powerful and you can spray heavily in one area and more lightly in another , as needed .
4 ) Room sprays offer a range of scent options .
Room sprays come in plenty of scents and you can even spray two fragrances in one room for your own unique fragrance .
There are some truly wonderful and innovative room sprays available , including Diptyque Baies Room Spray , Diptyque Ambre Room Spray , Diptyque Feu de Bois Room Spray , Diptyque Feuille de Lavande Room Spray , Diptyque Figuier Room Spray , Diptyque Gardenia Room Spray , Diptyque John Galliano Room Spray , Diptyque Roses Room Spray , Diptyque Tubereuse Room Spray , Seda France Elegant Gardenia Room Mist , Seda France French Tulip Room Mist , Seda France Japanese Quince Room Mist , Voluspa Goji and Tarocco Orange Room Spray , and many more .
All are perfect for the most elegant home and the most discerning homeowner .
5 ) Room sprays tackle the odors that cleaning can’t handle .
Cleaning can take care of a number of home odors , but odors caused by cooking , for example , cannot be easily taken care of with some cleaning .
For these tough - to - tackle odors , room sprays are perfect .
A paramedic who lied about his failure to try to revive a collapsed heart attack victim on a 999 call was jailed for a year today .
Barry Baker , 59 , who collapsed and died after making a 999 call .
Photograph : PA
Karl Harris , 45 , tried to involve a trainee colleague in his deception after telling him " not to bother " to give first aid to Barry Baker , 59 , who weighed 30 stone .
The father of two was told by a judge that his actions struck at the " roots of justice and the trust people have in the ambulance service " .
He was sentenced immediately after a jury rejected his not guilty plea to a charge of perverting the course of justice , following four hours ' deliberation at Lewes crown court .
The trial was told that Harris , a former soldier who served with the Parachute Regiment in Northern Ireland , had been called out from his base in Brighton when Baker rang at 4.14 am in November 2008 .
The phone was left on and the court heard Baker 's laboured breathing before the ambulance arrived six minutes later .
Harris and trainee Ben Stokes , 35 , could then be heard talking briefly before there was a loud thump , which the jury was told was Baker slumping to the ground .
Harris 's comments to Stokes could not be made out , but Richard Barton , prosecuting , said that he told the younger man : " He 's dead .
There 's no point .
I 've seen this before .
It 's not a viable resuscitation .
Do n't bother . "
A second tape played to the jury recorded Harris 's call to police , when he claimed that Baker had collapsed before the ambulance arrived , and that his body was wedged in an alcove surrounded by clutter .
He told police that the house was " in a right old state " and ended : " There 's not a lot we can do , really . "
Harris then filled in forms falsely and continued to tell his 35 - year - old colleague what to do .
Giving evidence , Stokes , who had not previously worked with Harris , said that he felt " sick " when he was told not to bother with Baker and to join in the lie about finding him already collapsed .
Ambulance regulations require " vigorous resuscitation attempts " for around 20 minutes " whenever there is a chance of survival , however remote " .
The crown accepted that Baker would not have survived and did not hold Harris responsible for his death .
Harris told the jury that his eight years experience as a paramedic led him to the honest belief that Baker was dead .
The single man had lived alone since his parents ' death in the mid-1970s and had become obese after a hip operation left him on crutches .
Although he worked in Brighton jobcentre for 42 years , he seldom invited anyone home and his house had fallen into disrepair .
Harris said that it would have been physically impossible to resuscitate him anyway , because of his size and the chaos of household possessions in which he lay .
He told the jury that the house had a smell which " made you choke as you walked through the door , " although he added that the state of a patient 's home would never make a difference to the way he did his job .
He said that Stokes had gone into the house first and Baker might have collapsed before he followed him in .
Harris , of Portslade , East Sussex , stood expressionless as the sentence was passed by Judge Guy Anthony , who told him that he committed " a gross breach of trust through a clear and deliberate decision to lie " .
The judge said : " Quite why will perhaps only be known for certain by you .
Perhaps you felt there was more you could have done and you simply did not want to have the hassle of having to fill in large numbers of forms and explain why you did not or could not do more than you did . "
Gillian Jones , in mitigation , said that Harris had no previous convictions or complaints against him .
He knew that his actions were " silly and stupid things to have done " .
After the verdict , James Pavey , of the South East Coast ambulance service , said that an internal investigation would rule on the future of Harris , who has been suspended since a colleague raised concerns about the incident .
Stokes was not charged but has been placed on restricted duties .
Pavey said : " The standard of care that has been reported during this trial is not reflective of the dedication and commitment of our staff , who come to work each day to care for the patients that need our help .
Our highest priority is to provide a safe , responsive and high quality service to our patients . "
Meeting and attracting women is a real problem for many men .
Thankfully , there ’s a solution for this problem that ’s based in science .
Attraction is ruled by pheromones .
Men can take control of this by wearing a pheromone cologne .
Pheromones Are Easy To Wear
You wo n’t have to make any changes to your lifestyle in order to start using a pheromone cologne .
You can simply use the cologne you purchase as a replacement for your normal cologne .
No one will be able to tell that you ’re wearing pheromones but you .
Check out SFweekly.com if you need a list of the best pheromones for men .
Even though your cologne wo n’t be visible , the people around you will be able to tell that something is different , especially the women .
Women you know may find themselves wondering what you did differently .
Both women you know and women you ’re just meeting will find you more attractive than they would have without the cologne .
More Women Will Notice You
It can be hard to stand out , especially when you ’re in a crowded bar .
However , when you ’re using a pheromone cologne , you ’ll notice many women making eye contact with you .
Once you catch a woman ’s eye , you ’ll have an excuse to approach her and get to know her a little better .
No one wants to approach a woman that has n’t looked in their direction .
With the right pheromone cologne , women will notice you before they ’ve even seen you .
They ’ll find themselves drawn to you and may actively seek you out .
This means you ’ll be able to meet new women every time you go out .
Pheromones Can Boost Your Confidence
When you see that women are responding to you positively , it can lead to a surge in confidence .
This can push you to approach more women , allowing you to forge connections you would have never made before .
When you ’re more confident , you ’ll naturally be more attractive to the people around you .
According to Pheromoneauthority.com , many people struggle to form romantic relationships because of a lack of self - esteem .
If you use pheromones , you ’ll experience less rejection , which will allow you to build up your confidence levels .
The people around you will be able to see the difference .
You ’ll Build Chemistry More Quickly
When you ’re getting to know a woman , chemistry between the two of you will develop gradually .
Naturally , you ’ll want to wait for things to get to a certain point before you initiate anything physical .
This can normally take time , but when you ’re wearing the right cologne , you may find that you build chemistry much more quickly .
Pheromones can make women feel more attracted to you , which means they ’ll be more interested in initiating something physical .
Women will want to touch you and be closer to you .
You ’ll be able to quickly build chemistry with any woman that you ’re interested in .
Pheromones Can Improve Your Sex Life
Even if you ’re already involved in a relationship , you can really benefit from synthetic pheromones .
Because these colognes can increase a woman ’s sexual interest , they can have a very positive impact on your sex life .
With the right cologne , your partner will feel more attracted to you than ever .
If you ’re stuck in a rut , and you ’re looking for a way to bring the spark back to your relationship , a cologne like this could be just what you ’ve been searching for .
You ’ll love the way your partner responds to you when you have on this cologne .
The benefits of using pheromones for men are difficult to deny .
These colognes can increase a woman ’s sexual interest , which means every woman you meet will be more interested in you .
They can help you to connect with women and lead to a big improvement in your sex life .
Angela Braly - WellPoint
Total Compensation : $ 9,844,212
Details : Braly , like Williams , earned more money in 2008 ( $ 9,844,212 ) than in 2007 ( 9,094,271 ) , increasing her option rewards by nearly $ 1.5 million , and also receiving a $ 200,000 - plus bump in base salary , from $ 922,269 to $ 1,135,538 .
Braly 's stock awards dropped from $ 2,160,159 to $ 1,750,015 because , according to the SEC , " performance - based restricted stock units awarded in 2008 were cancelled because our ROE target for 2008 was not met . "
Braly's " other compensation " comprised use of a private jet for her and her family on business trips , just under $ 10,000 for legal services relating to her employment agreement and cash credits .
Earlier this month we reported on the rumour that Microsoft may be planning a slimmed down version of the Xbox 360 .
Inside sources reportedly stated that Microsoft would not only release a trimmed down console , but that it would be accompanied by a price reduction to $ 149 .
Part of Microsoft ’s supposed pre-slim strategy is to get rid of current stock on all its Xbox 360s by reducing prices .
A new listing on US mega retailer Gamestop ’s website has a new Xbox 360 Arcade bundle selling for just $ 99 ( R730 ) .
The listing is still up , and from the looks of things , US citizens can now pre-order the bundle , which either comes with a copy of Viva Piñata or Banjo Kazooie .
This would not be the first time that a retailer has let slip on a price cut before an official announcement has been made , and if this rumour bears any truth , then Sony has reason for concern .
While the launch of the PS3 Slim and price cut made a significant impact on the market in 2009 , Microsoft will be tough to beat with an Arcade at under $ 100 .
Furthermore , with plans to bring USB storage capacity to the Xbox 360 in the next few weeks , there has never been a better time to buy an Xbox 360 Arcade .
The Xbox 360 Arcade currently retails locally for around R2300 , but if the US price drops to $ 99 , then we can anticipate local prices to drop to around R1500 .
At less than half the price of a PS3 Slim , and new USB storage functionality on the cards , the Xbox 360 Arcade will be difficult to beat .
All is likely to be revealed at Microsoft ’s E3 presentation in June .
Discuss $ 99 Xbox Arcade bundle in the forums
November 2010 Update : I have moved on since early 2009 , patches are welcome but I 'm not actively developing this .
Best Regards , Fahrzin Hemmati .
GTalk Invisible v.95 [ zip ] [ tar.gz ]
This plugin enables the long - awaited Invisible status for Google Talk users ( works for Finch , Adium - X , and other implementations of libpurple as well ) .
According to the ticket , this will never be implemented in the source code itself .
The source C - file is included in the above zip - file .
If you do n't know how to use it , the CHowTo page is a great place to start .
Feel free to add the GList calls to add multiple account support .
Windows
To install , download and extract the zip file .
Move the .dll file ( or the one with gears in the icon if you can't see extensions ) to " C: \Program Files \Pidgin\plugins\ " .
Restart Pidgin and enable it ( Tools - > Plugins ) .
Linux
To install , download and extract the tar.gz file .
Move the gtalkinvisible .
so file to ~/.purple / plugins and restart Pidgin .
Linux 64 - bit
To install , download and extract the tar.gz file .
Move the gtalkinvisible _64.so file to ~/.purple / plugins and restart Pidgin .
Make sure you 're running a 64 - bit OS and 64 - bit Pidgin or use the 32 - bit version .
Known Bugs :
Does n't work on start up -- Fixed by Khushman
Supports only 1 XMPP / Jabber account -- Fixed by Siorarina .
Supports multiple accounts
Compiled for 2.5.1 or above ( same version as Palm WebOS 's libpurple )
64 - bit version is compiled for 2.10.0 or above
Changelog :
v.951 December 3 , 2011 : Missing a line ( thanks Khushman ) .
v.95 November 27 , 2011 : Fixed startup issue ( thanks Khushman ) .
New 64 - bit version added , compiled against 2.10.0 ( thanks Khushman )
v.923 August 14 , 2010 : Fixed another segfault on startup ( thanks Nilesh ) .
v.922 December 28 , 2009 : Fixed a segfault ( thanks Jason Croft ) .
v.92 December 25 , 2009 : Support for multiple Jabber accounts enabled Workaround for deprecated functions enabled Code cleanup
v.91 October 8 , 2009 ( Patch from Siorarina received ) : Added support for multiple Jabber accounts Workaround for deprecated functions
v.90 Feb 17 , 2009 : Original release
There is a blog post where you can submit bugs and comment .
I hope this plugin helps !
The effectiveness of that formula inevitably resurrects predictions that a marriage with a cable news organization is imperative for CBS and ABC .
The obvious partner is CNN , and both those networks have been in courtships with it before .
To date , the cultural challenges have been insurmountable .
CNN , which says last year was its most profitable since its founding in 1980 , would seem to have little incentive to rush to the aid of a network .
And neither network wants to cede editorial control to CNN .
Image
The producer Rick Kaplan in a CBS control room .
The network 's news division trimmed about 70 jobs this year .
Credit ... Christian Hansen for The New York Times
“ If it were easy or obvious , it would have happened by now , ” Mr. Heyward said .
But a longtime network news executive , who asked not to be identified because of connections to previous private negotiations involving CNN , said that ABC or CBS was likely to enter into an alliance with a partner like CNN “ within the next few years . ”
Even Mr. Westin , who said he did not see how a match with CNN “ makes sense for us , ” conceded : “ In general , in business , when there is real decline , consolidation inevitably happens . ”
Already , outlines of consolidation are discernible .
Several CNN stars contribute to “ 60 Minutes ” on CBS .
And CBS executives , mindful that Katie Couric ’s contract expires in a little over a year , have talked to Anderson Cooper of CNN about an anchor job , according to two TV veterans informed of the meeting .
In recent months , a handful of ABC News reporters has appeared on the business channel Bloomberg , and the two organizations have tried to jointly hire at least one person , according to two staff members who asked not to be named because they were not authorized by their employers to speak .
Those two , and two others , labeled the sharing by ABC and Bloomberg — what one person called flirting — a possible prelude to a broader news - gathering pact .
A Bloomberg spokeswoman said that the company was a client of ABC ’s affiliate service and declined to comment on any talks about a broader relationship between the organizations .
An ABC spokesman said the current level of cooperation with Bloomberg was “ hardly unusual . ”
It has been apparent that some people think that “ government - run , socialized ” healthcare programs are bad .
There has even been discussions where people do n’t “ want the government to take over their Medicare ” .
These people fail to understand that Medicare is a form of socialized , government - run healthcare program already .
And it appears that the people who are complaining about the government “ taking over healthcare ” also love their Medicare and Medicaid .
So it gets down to this .
Either put up or shut up .
If a person wants to complain about “ government - run , socialized ” healthcare programs , there is a choice that they can make on their own .
By filling out the form on their own , people who disagree with such programs can indeed do everyone else a favor and give up their coverage .
If someone is horrified about “ government - run , socialized ” healthcare programs , there is now the chance to end the benefits .
Feel free to get this document and fill it out and send it to the proper authorities .
Click on the document and then print it out .
Once you fill out the document and want to end your government - run , socialized healthcare benefits , these are the mailing addresses ( using the government - run postal service ) to send the filled - out form to :
Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services
7500 Security Boulevard
Baltimore MD 21244-1850
Social Security ( Regional Offices ) :
REGION I : Connecticut , Maine , Massachusetts , New Hampshire ,
Rhode Island , Vermont
John F. Kennedy Federal Building , Rm. 1975
Government Center
Boston , Massachusetts 02203
REGION II : New York , New Jersey , Puerto Rico , Virgin Islands
Federal Building , Rm. 4040
26 Federal Plaza
New York , New York 10278
REGION III : Delaware , Maryland , Pennsylvania , Virginia , West Virginia ,
District of Columbia
P.O. Box 8788
Philadelphia , Pennsylvania 19104
REGION IV : Alabama , Florida , Georgia , Kentucky , Mississippi , North Carolina , South Carolina , Tennessee
Sam Nunn Federal Bldg .
Suite 22T64
61 Forsyth Street
Atlanta , Georgia 30303
REGION V : Illinois , Indiana , Michigan , Minnesota , Ohio , Wisconsin
Social Security Administration
Regional Contracting Office
600 West Madison Street
Chicago , Illinois 60661
REGION VI : Arkansas , Louisiana , New Mexico , Oklahoma , Texas
Suite 550
1301 Young Street
Dallas , Texas 75202
REGION VII : Iowa , Kansas , Missouri , Nebraska
Rm. 409
Richard Bolling Federal Office Building
601 East 12th Street
Kansas City , Missouri 64106
REGION VIII : Colorado , Montana , North Dakota , South Dakota , Utah , Wyoming
Rm. 1052
Federal Office Building
1961 Stout Street
Denver , Colorado 80294
REGION IX : Arizona , California , Guam , Hawaii , Nevada , Trust Territory of Pacific Islands American Samoa
Frank Hagel Federal Building
1221 Nevin Avenue , FMT , R6
Richmond , California 94801
REGION X : Alaska , Idaho , Oregon , Washington
Suite 2900 , M/S 3022
701 Fifth Avenue
Seattle , Washington 98104-7075
Review by
E.C.McMullen Jr. IT HELPS
TIP JAR
GREGG BISHOP
INTERVIEW DANCE OF THE DEAD - 2008
USA Release : March 8 , 2008
Bleiberg Entertainment / Bishop Studios LLC / Compound B / Ghosthouse Underground
Rated : USA : R
Finally !
A clear demarcation line has been set .
In 1985 , a wild and balls to the wall movie came out called RETURN OF THE LIVING DEAD .
These were n't your stumbling zombies , these undead .
As envisioned by writers John A. Russo ( NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD , MIDNIGHT , HEARTSTOPPER ) , Rudy Ricci , and Russell Striener , and written for the screen and directed by Dan O'Bannon ( ALIEN , DEAD AND BURIED , HEAVY METAL , LIFEFORCE , TOTAL RECALL , BLEEDERS ) , these dead could talk , plan , and strategize .
What 's more , they were fast .
When one of these zombies went after you , they did n't fool around .
This movie was popular both in theaters and video thanks in no small part to a truly rocking soundtrack and a sense of humor .
Subsequent sequels were okay up to RETURN OF THE LIVING DEAD 3 .
After that the rest were excrement .
It looked like that kind of fun zombie movie - not just comedic and gory , but actually fun - would never return .
Zombies at a prom ?
Impossible you say ?
What about NIGHT OF THE CREEPS in 1986 ?
So glad I was wrong about that !
For DANCE OF THE DEAD many comparisons have been made to an old John Hughes teen movie gone haywire .
There are plenty of reasons for that and not just a few covers of old Pat Benatar tunes ( though that does n't hurt ) .
A gravedigger ( James Jarrett : THE OTHER SIDE .
James was also Property Master and Production Designer on this project ) goes about his business , taking care of a cemetery .
Then he spies a flowerpot next to a tombstone .
The flowerpot wo n't stay put .
He forces it upright and it falls back down again .
Merry Mishaps occur .
Now we focus on Jimmy ( Jared Kusnitz : DOLL GRAVEYARD , OTIS ) .
Jimmy has a partner in science class and is making fun of dissecting his frog .
His teacher , Mr. Hammond ( Jonathon Spencer : CHOSEN .
John is also the Casting Director for this movie ) upbraids him in class and sends him off to detention .
In detention we meet some of the other folks in this flick like school troublemaker , Kyle Grubbin ( Justin Wellborn : THE OTHER SIDE , THE SIGNAL ) , who looks like he 's failed a few grades too many .
The rest of the school is getting ready for Prom Night !
Meanwhile , Steven ( Chandler Darby ) is trying to extricate himself from his irritably geeky friends long enough to ask one of the school cheerleaders , Gwen ( Carissa Capobianco ) to the Prom .
Sure , she 's out of his league , but Steven is brave enough to risk both her indifference and his friends insults to at least give it a shot .
But love stinks , because while Steven is smitten with Gwen , Gwen is smitten with Nash Rambler ( Blair Redford : VOODOO MOON , THE SIGNAL ) , the highschool troubled boy and rock musician guitarist .
Nash tells
Gwen exactly what he wants from her and it hurts her little pride .
Ooh that Prom Night !
Jimmy does n't want to go and does n't care if its important to his girlfriend , Lindsey ( Greyson Chadwick ) .
And it 's obviously important to Lindsey , she 's in charge of putting the whole Prom together .
So it 's too bad that Jimmy can't see beyond his own nose because Lindsey has finally had it with her now ex-boyfriend 's self - absorbed , blue - collar snobbery .
If she 's going to have a snob in her life , then why not a wealthy white - collar snob like Mitch ( Jeff Adelman : THE SIGNAL ) , who at least pays attention to her ?
Or MY BOYFRIEND'S BACK in 1993 ?
Zombies at a prom ?
Why they 're practically their own subgenre !
And the Prom draws near .
Night falls and the kids go to the Prom .
Lindsey , riding with Mitch , finds herself on an unexpected side - trip as Mitch drives through the hills of the local cemetery .
Seems
Mitch wants to get some nookie now , not after the prom .
So it 's just too damn bad that , on Prom Night of all times , the dead come to life .
And I 'm not talking stumbling and shambling .
I 'm not even talking RETURN OF THE LIVING DEAD running .
I mean they shoot like rockets from the crypt , high into the air , and hit the ground running !
And its just an amazing thing to see on the screen .
There is no tell - tale cgi at work here .
Director Greg Bishop , as he demonstrated in THE OTHER SIDE , believes in stunts , not cgi , so there is nothing on the screen that the eye perceives as a trick .
It all looks real and stunning .
Why the hell are the dead coming back to life ?
Ahh ... it probably has something to do with the local Nuclear Power plant or something .
That 's not the point .
The point is -
We 've got a zombie problem !
They 're fast !
They do n't seem to be as smart as those RETURN OF THE LIVING DEAD varmints , but they do chant " Brains ! Brains ! "
Based on a script by Joe Ballarini , Gregg Bishop ( THE OTHER SIDE ) and crew make sure that DANCE OF THE DEAD is fun , fast , and furious .
And yet the characters are never caricatures .
They have depth , problems , dreams , and desires .
A few characters , most notably the teachers like Mr. Hammond and Coach Keel ( Mark Oliver : SCREAM 2 ) , were drawn a little broad ( i.e. cliched ) , although even that was kind of saved in Coach Keel case when his character goes totally Burt Gummer .
But why nitpick ?
Bishop shows a sure hand in blending action , comedy and Horror and has delivered a winner for the second time in a row ( really , you need to check out THE OTHER SIDE !
So cool ! ) .
With two fun , cool movies in a row , I 'm ready to trust anything this guy does next , and trust me : you 're going to have fun with this one !
4 Shriek Girls .
This review copyright 2008 E.C.McMullen Jr .
Return to Movies
https://www.aish.com/ci/sam/48931527.html
Does archeological data support the Biblical story ?
The Torah tells us the story of the rise and downfall of Sodom and Gomorrah .
To the non-believer , the Biblical story seems so incredible that it must be relegated to the realm of myth and fantasy .
The 20th - century German Bible critic , Theodor Noldeke asserted that " The whole story of Sodom and Gomorrah is unhistorical and comparatively late in origin . "
J. Maxwell Miller of Emory University boldly claims , " These narratives of Sodom and Gomorrah are purely products of the storyteller 's art , which of course raises serious questions about their usefulness for historical reconstruction . "
John H. Hayes , a colleague of the aforementioned J. Maxwell Miller , confirms Professor Miller 's belief . [ 1 ]
Are the assertions of these skeptics based on facts or are they merely the distorted opinions of non-believers ?
Let us examine the facts of the case and see for ourselves .
There are two places in the desert area near the Dead Sea that could not be more radically different from each other .
One area is a dry , harsh wilderness .
All that is found there are craggy hills , land strewn with crumbled rock , coarse sand , and intense heat : daytime temperatures rise to 130 degrees Fahrenheit .
Rivers are few and meager .
The waters of the nearby great lake are not potable :
No fish live in its inhospitable waters .
There are no trees to offer shade .
Wayfarers are few .
Snakes and scorpions are the only creatures that find comfort in this forsaken place .
Desolation echoes forth from the dry river beds .
The second area is a great and thriving metropolis .
Grain grows in abundance and precious raw materials are easily accessed .
Its lush tree - shaded groves graciously bestow their blessings of fine fruits .
The green canopy of its orchards stretch as far as the eye can see .
There are no predatory animals to threaten passersby .
The great metropolis and its citizenry are self sufficient ; every need can be met locally .
A veritable Garden of Eden , it is described in the Torah when Abraham and Lot decide to part ways :
And Lot lifted up his eyes , and saw the valley of the Jordan , that it was well watered everywhere , before the Lord destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah , like the Garden of the Lord ( Genesis 13:10 ) .
In fact , as incredible as it may seem , the two places are one and the same .
We call the area Sodom - Gomorrah .
The very names of these two cities , Sodom and Gomorrah , are associated with sin and debauchery .
Sodom has become a synonym for perversion .
The first description of the desolate territory is the area once inhabited by the wealthy , aristocratic Sodomites as it appears today .
The second description is the way it appeared earlier , at its Patriarchal Era zenith as depicted in the Talmud and the Midrash ( Babylonian Talmud Sanhedrin 109a , Midrash Rabah Leviticus 5:2 , Midrash Rabah Numbers 9:24 . )
Sodom and Gomorrah were part of a metropolis assumed to have been located on the eastern bank of the Dead Sea consisting of five cities , each with its own king .
There was ( 1 ) Bera , king of Sodom , ( 2 ) Birsha , king of Gomorrah , ( 3 ) Shinab , king of Admad , ( 4 ) Shember , king of Zeboiim , and ( 5 ) the king of Bela , which is also called Zoar ( Genesis 14:8 ) .
This thriving group of city - states is referred to in the Bible ( Genesis 13:12 ) as the Cities of the Plain .
The five kings were under the dominion of a coalition of eastern Mesopotamian overlords .
According to the Torah , with the help of the patriarch Abraham , the cities gained their independence , though their independence was only short - lived .
A few years later , God destroyed the cities in a hail of fire and brimstone .
In the early part of the 20th century , the entire Biblical account of Sodom and Gomorrah was doubted by many academicians .
Not merely the part of the story of the supernatural destruction , but also any possible rule over the area by the Mesopotamians to the east .
There was no route connecting the Dead Sea area with Mesopotamia .
How could the Mesopotamians have possibly conquered the area ?
These factors caused even those normally sympathetic to the Biblical narrative , such as William Foxwell Albright , to doubt the story .
In the early 1920s , Dr. Nelson Glueck discovered evidence of an ancient route between Mesopotamia and the Dead Sea area .
However , in the early 1920s , Dr. Nelson Glueck discovered evidence of an ancient route between Mesopotamia and the Dead Sea area .
Traces of the actual route , which had been covered by the desert storms , were uncovered .
Mention of the route was subsequently found in cuneiform tablets in Mari and in Ebla .
By 1924 , the previously doubtful Albright became convinced of the possibility of some ancient inhabited area near the barren eastern bank of the Dead Sea .
His expedition had found some meager remains of an early Bronze Age structure assumed to have been a fortress or temple .
It was located on a mound , known as Bab edh - Dhra , overlooking the desert floor some 550 feet below .
Albright assumed that the structure was in some way to be identified with the Sodom - Gomorrah story , but was uncertain what that connection might be .
The Five Cities of the Plain
No serious excavations were undertaken in the area until about 40 years later .
In the 1960s , a large cemetery was discovered near Bab edh - Dhra .
Archeologist Paul Lapp spent three seasons excavating the area where he unearthed a great number of shaft - tombs -- possibly as many as 20,000 .
( A shaft - tomb is a vertical hole , about 3 feet in diameter , dug into the rocky ground to a depth of approximately 6 feet . )
At the bottom of each shaft were 1 - 5 horizontal shallow shafts , each containing between 1 - 6 bodies .
In addition , there were a number of mud - brick buildings , charnel houses that are repositories for bones or bodies of the dead .
Each charnel house contained the remains of several hundred people .
Current estimates of the number of bodies occupying that cemetery is about a half million !
Pottery shards found with the skeletal remains indicate that approximately 3,000,000 pottery vessels were used in conjunction with the burials .
Other funerary items include clay figurines of goddesses , wooden staffs , sandals and reed baskets , some still containing food remains . [ 2 ]
The great number of corpses in a single burial ground is evidence of a major population .
But this is only the beginning .
Significantly , some forms of the pottery , jewelry , and cylinder seal impressions show a distinct Mesopotamian influence . [ 3 ]
This bolsters the Biblical connection between the Dead Sea area and Mesopotamia .
A rather obscure branch of archaeology is known as paleoethnobotany .
This study examines traces of food items used by ancient cultures in order to get a perspective of the culture 's agriculture and diet .
Paleoenthnobotanists found in Bab edh - Dhra traces of wheat , barley , dates , plums , peaches , grapes , figs , pistachio nuts , almonds , olives , pine nuts , lentils , chick peas , pumpkin , flax seed , and watermelon . [ 4 ]
It was a gourmand 's delight .
The healthy diet manifested itself in the physique of the inhabitants : skeletal remains indicate that a height of 5 ' 9 " - 6 ' 4 " was quite normal . [ 5 ]
This is a rather tall figure for such an ancient culture .
Only these five cities have been found .
Between 1973 and 1979 , four more " cities " to the south of Bab edh - Dhra were found .
Their Arabic names are Numeira , Safi , Feifa , and Khanazir .
The surrounding area has been thoroughly explored and no other cities have been found , only these five .
The five cities , a few miles apart from each other , are almost in a straight line going from north to south .
Numeira was excavated for two seasons and the foundations of a few homes were uncovered .
Perhaps the most interesting find was the remains of a winery with 4000 - year - old whole grapes were still there , preserved by the arid desert climate .
In latter years Moses referred to the vineyards of Sodom , For their vine is of the vine of Sodom and of the fields of Gomorrah ; their grapes are grapes of gall , their clusters are bitter .
( Deut . 32:32 ) The other three " cities " of the area have yet to be excavated .
Surrounding the archeological ruins of Safi is an Early Bronze cemetery which rivals the size of Bab edh - Dhra .
About nine miles south of Safi is the next of the five cities , Feifa .
A cemetery has been found there too .
The burial grounds of Feifa are similar in size to that of Babe edh Dhra and Safi . [ 6 ]
As noted above , the cemetery of Bab edh - Dhra is reported to contain the remains of 500,000 individuals .
The cemetery in Safi seems to hold the same number of corpses , another 500,000 .
The grounds of Feifa hold another 500,000 .
The cemeteries of Numeria and Khanazir have yet to be located ; however , the known number of burials in this relatively small area of the Dead Sea Desert -- 1,500,000 bodies -- indicates that this was once a thriving , heavily populated area .
Indeed , it does seem to be incredible , yet the evidence is there .
Based on this dating of the pottery of the grave goods in Bab edh - Dhra , it seems that this city existed for about 1,000 years .
Numeira , on the other hand , existed for a very short span of time , certainly less than 100 years .
The Talmud ( Babylonian Talmud Shabbos 11a ) says that Sodom existed for a mere 52 years .
This would make Numeira a likely candidate for Sodom .
Fire and Brimstone
Then the Lord rained upon Sodom and upon Gomorrah brimstone and fire from the Lord out of heaven .
( Genesis 19:24 )
" Fire and brimstone " is a common expression used to describe the sermon of an overzealous preacher , but exactly what is brimstone ?
The Hebrew word for brimstone in the Biblical verse is gafrit and is usually understood to mean sulfur .
The Targum Yonathan ben Uziel translates the word into Aramaic as kivraitah .
The term kivraitah appears in the Talmud ( Babylonian Talmud Shabbos 89 b , 90a ; Nidah 62a ) and is used in the context of a cleaning agent .
It is likely that the Biblical gafrit is the hydrocarbon bitumen , which is the essential ingredient of asphalt .
Bitumen can also be distilled into a cleaning agent .
Bitumen / asphalt is a naturally occurring , highly flammable substance found in the Dead Sea area .
In fact , Josephus refers to the Dead Sea as Lake Asphaltites . [ 7 ]
It is of interest to note that Josephus writes that the Lake Asphaltites was formed as a result of the devastation that destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah .
The entire areas of Bab edh - Drha and Numeira are covered with a spongy ash .
The entire areas of Bab edh - Drha and Numeira are covered with a spongy ash .
These two cities show clear signs of utter destruction .
The layer of ash ranges from 4 - 20 inches in depth . [ 8 ]
Parallel to these five cities is fault line where two large plates of earth are exerting great pressure on each other .
This tectonic feature has caused a number of earthquakes in the region .
The pressure can also force subterranean matter , such as magma , or , in this case , bitumen into the air .
Geologists suggest that , ( when the time came for the destruction of Sodom -- my insertion ) , the earth spewed forth flammable hydrocarbons high into the atmosphere .
These were ignited by lightening or some other natural source and the flaming debris fell back to earth . [ 9 ]
According to the Biblical narrative , Sodom and Gomorrah were under attack by the Mesopotamian coalition .
After winning their independence from the Mesopotamians , Sodom and Gomorrah enjoyed a brief period of peace until it was destroyed in the hailstorm of fire and brimstone .
The Talmud ( Babylonian Talmud Shabbos 10b ) states that it was only a 26 year gap between the two events .
The city of Numeira , as we conjectured , possibly Sodom , is the better preserved of the two excavated sites .
Numeira shows signs of two devastations .
The latter was the catastrophic fiery event that utterly destroyed the city .
An earlier event shows less sign of such a catastrophe , but rather more like the result of a war .
Dr. Bryant G. Wood , an expert in Syrio - Palestine archaeology , formerly of the University of Toronto , has examined the two layers of destruction .
He concluded that the two events probably occurred a little more than 20 years apart . [ 10 ]
His estimation is in line with the Talmud 's time frame of 26 years .
Dating
There is one point that prevents this evidence of the Biblical story from being 100 % conclusive .
The date of the destruction of Sodom and Gomorrah according to Biblical chronology was about one year before the birth of Isaac , which was in 1712 B.C.E .
The archaeological dating of the destruction of Bab edh - Dhra and Numeira is about 2300 B.C.E . [ 11 ]
This discrepancy of 600 years is significant .
The dating of metal and ceramic artifacts in the Holy Land is dependant on comparisons to similar findings in Egypt .
Dating Egyptian finds is far easier to estimate due to the existence of contemporary hieroglyphic writings .
Archaeologists generally assume that similar type finds in the Holy Land , which are not accompanied by any written evidence , probably date to the same era as their Egyptian counterparts .
But recent evidence found by Manfred Bietak in Tel el - Daba indicates that Middle Bronze Age Canaanite artifacts lagged about 100 years behind their Egyptian counterparts .
When it comes to Sodom and Gomorrah , the lag could be much more substantial because , according to the Talmud ( Babylonian Talmud Sanhedrin 109a ) , intentional isolationism prevailed in the Cities of the Plain .
The ( inhabitants of the cities of the Plain ) said : " Since there cometh forth bread out of land and it hath the dust of gold , why should we suffer wayfarers , who come to us only to deplete our wealth ?
Come , let us abolish the practice of traveling into our land . "
If , as the Talmud records , traveling into the area of Sodom and Gomorrah was sharply curtailed -- forbidden , or at least discouraged -- the introduction of outside styles of pottery and metal working would seriously fall behind the style and techniques of the more advanced Egyptians .
How far the Cities of the Plain would have straggled is unknown .
We must be patient and await further evidence to emerge .
Preponderance of Evidence
To summarize , the archaeology evidence as to the destruction of the five Cities of the Plain is inconclusive .
However the preponderance of other evidence with regards to the Torah 's story of Sodom and Gomorrah is overwhelming .
1 . The Bible refers to a metropolis of five cities in the Dead Sea area .
Five , and only five cities , have been found in the Dead Sea area .
2 . The Bible refers to a conquest by the Mesopotamians .
The artifacts found in the Dead Sea area show a Mesopotamian influence .
3 . The Midrash describes the metropolis as a thriving population .
The enormous number of burials in the large cemeteries attests to a great population .
4 . The Talmud and the Midrash describe the area as an agricultural
wonderland .
The great diversity of agricultural products found in the ruins verify the lush produce enjoyed by the area 's inhabitants .
5 . According to the Talmud , there was a span of only 26 years between a war in the area and the ultimate destruction .
Devastation levels found in Numeira ( Sodom ) are consistent with the Talmud 's assertion .
6 . The Talmud states that Sodom , unlike other cities in the area , only existed for 52 years .
The ruins in Numeira ( Sodom ) indicate that the city lasted less than 100 years .
7 . The Bible attributes the destruction of the cities to a fiery storm that rained down from above .
Thick layers of burnt material covering the remains of the cities in the area bear this out .
After reviewing all of the archaeological data , it is quite clear that the story related in the Torah and Midrash is completely accurate in spite of what the non-believers may boldly claim .
Footnotes
The Taliban may be disputing that their number - two , Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar , was captured by US and Pakistani intelligence earlier this month , but that has n’t stopped Glenn Beck from passing judgment on how the US should handle the situation .
“ Shoot him in the head , ” the radio and TV personality declared on Fox & Friends Tuesday .
“ We ’ve just captured the second most wanted guy in Al Qaeda , ” Beck said , evidently referring to the Taliban leader .
“ The first thing out of my mind — shoot him in the head .
Shoot him in the head before it goes into a court and we ’re doing all this nonsense back and forth .
He ’s a bad guy .
Shoot him in the head . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ You would shoot him before they even try to get information ? ” co-host Gretchen Carlson asked .
“ If I were in charge , we ’d be interrogating him , ” Beck replied .
“ And we ’d interrogate him , and interrogate him , and interrogate him and then we ’d shoot him in the head .
…
Shoot him in the head before we all of a sudden release him into , what ?
Primary schools in New York City ?
What are we going to do with this guy ? ”
Like many other Fox News personalities , Beck has been harshly critical of the Obama administration ’s approach to prosecuting terrorists .
But his loud style , on display Tuesday morning on Fox & Friends , is now making him the subject of a number of biographies .
Washington Post reporter Dana Milbank is writing Tears of a Clown , a biography - slash - primer on Beck , reports Michael Calderone at Politico .
In a profile last month , Milbank wrote that “ in terms of the political culture , [ Beck is ] more parasite than host .
Yet , by any measure , he ’s had a huge impact on the body politic . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Milbank described Beck as “ the first true demagogue of the information age . ”
Calderone notes that Milbank is n’t the only one writing a book on Beck this year .
Salon writer Alexander Zaitchik has Common Nonsense : Glenn Beck and the Triumph of Ignorance .
“ Beck , a perverse and high - impact media spectacle , has emerged as a leader in a conservative protest movement that raises troubling questions about the health of American democracy , ” the book ’s publisher states .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from Fox News ’ Fox & Friends , broadcast Feb. 16 , 2010 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
( written from a Production point of view Real World article
Riker falls in love with Soren , a member of an androgynous race known as the J'naii , who dares to be female .
Contents show ]
Summary
Teaser
" Captain 's log , stardate 45614.6 .
We have been contacted by an androgynous race called the J'naii to investigate the mysterious disappearance of one of their shuttlecraft . "
When the J'naii mysteriously lose track of one of their shuttlecraft within their own star system , they request the USS Enterprise - D crew to assist in the investigation to locate it .
Three of them are on the bridge observing the effort .
Data detects neutrino emissions , but no source .
They launch a probe , but after a few seconds it stops transmitting for no reason .
Act One
" Captain 's log , supplemental .
The sudden disappearance of our probe suggests that we may have found the first instance of what is called null space , an anomaly which until now had been only theoretical .
Commander Riker has been working around the clock with a team of J'naii specialists to formalize this hypothesis . "
A pocket of null space is discovered in the system , which until now had been considered theoretical .
Believing the missing shuttle to be trapped inside the pocket , Commander Riker and Soren of the J'naii devise a rescue plan .
Soren insists on being involved in the rescue mission , as Soren is a good pilot .
Riker suggests they team up and they go to the shuttlebay to review the Magellan 's systems .
Working closely with the Enterprise crew , and Commander Riker in particular , Soren reveals themself to be curious about the differences between males and females .
In Ten Forward , they have a long conversation about it .
At the end , Krite arrives and Soren decides to leave , suddenly more formal as they bid Riker goodnight .
Act Two
" Captain 's log , supplemental .
Commander Riker and the J'naii pilot have set out to chart the null space pocket .
If they are successful , we can then proceed with a rescue attempt . "
Riker and Soren begin the charting mission of the null pocket .
During this , Soren bluntly asks about Human sexual organs and acts .
Riker , somewhat uncomfortable , explains the process and Soren describes the process for them , describing it as less risky while Riker comments that it is " less enjoyable . "
Soren disagrees , as the mating process is a long process .
Soren then recounts the J'naii history of evolving from the male / female divide .
Suddenly , the shuttle 's engine is damaged and they retreat to the Enterprise .
Soren is taken to sickbay to recover .
Soren strikes up a conversation with Beverly Crusher about the sexes .
She tells Soren that men and women are considered equal .
Riker arrives and asks if Soren can continue , and Crusher agrees .
Meanwhile , during a poker game , Worf reveals he is bothered by the genderless J'naii , because he still has stereotypical views on men and women and does not know how to relate to the J'naii .
On the shuttle , Soren reveals to Riker that the J'naii consider it a criminal perversion for a J'naii to identify as either male or female , but Soren admits to having secretly identified as a female since childhood and having had relationships in secret with those who identify as males .
Soren finds
Riker attractive and is interested in starting a relationship with him .
Act Three
Geordi La Forge approves the shuttle 's launch and they head out , noting they have a short timeframe .
Fortunately , they find the Taris Murn and life signs , but the crew is unconscious .
After a brief fight with power drains , they successfully beam the two to the shuttle , then to sickbay .
Crusher says they should be all right and orders dexalin .
Krite immediately thanks Riker and invites them all to the planet that evening to celebrate .
At the celebration , Riker takes a moment outside to breathe , and Soren meets him .
Under some slight observation , they decide to see the plant life .
Soren notes some of the plants , but the romantic mood strikes Riker to kiss her .
Act Four
Riker goes to discuss the forming relationship with Deanna Troi and how it would affect their relationship if he pursues it with Soren .
Troi puts aside Riker 's fears of losing their friendship , telling him that that will never change .
He 's pleased and leaves to see her .
Instead , he finds Krite , who informs him she 's been arrested , and Riker immediately goes to the planet .
Riker intrudes on the proceedings , already in progress , and pleads to Noor for Soren 's release , saying he forced himself on Soren .
Soren , however , is tired of living a lie and owns up to the act .
She makes a plea for acceptance of all those with gender identities , saying no one has been hurt or affected .
Noor allows her to speak , but with a blank expression , not giving away an opinion .
Act Five
The tribunal , incapable of open - mindedness , sentences Soren to receive treatment on the following day .
Riker asks the tribunal for permission to give Soren asylum aboard the Enterprise in lieu of the treatment , but the request is denied , as the J'naii see Soren 's condition as a simple sickness they have an obligation to cure .
Picard offers to negotiate with Noor , the leader of the J'naii , for Soren 's release .
He urges Riker not to take matters into his own hands as he would be violating the Prime Directive if he does , thus putting himself at risk of losing his career in Starfleet .
Riker , however , is convinced the J'naii 's minds are set and any negotiations would be futile .
Worf overcomes his prejudices after hearing of the events that had transpired on the planet .
The same evening , Riker and Worf lead a rescue mission together to save Soren .
They are able to get Soren away from the security guards , however , they are too late .
Soren has already undergone the psychotectic treatment and has no more interest in Riker .
After warning buoys have been deployed around the null space pocket , the Enterprise is prepared to leave the system .
Picard asks
Riker if all their business with the J'naii is finished , and he answers without emotion , " finished , sir " .
Picard orders Ensign Gates to take the Enterprise to warp six , while Riker stares ahead , distraught .
Log entries
Memorable quotes
" We prefer to stay warm by sleeping with a friend . "
" … I see . "
" Not to mate . "
- Soren and Riker
" It 's hard to grasp the idea of no gender . "
- Riker , on the androgynous J'naii
" Tell me … about males .
What is it that makes you different from females ? "
" Snips and snails and puppy dogs ' tails … "
" You have a dog 's tail ? "
- Soren and Riker , discussing the sexes
" Commander , tell me about your sexual organs . "
" Uhhh … "
- Soren and Riker , while in the shuttle
" For Humans , the sexual act brings a closeness and intimacy .
It can be a very pleasurable experience . "
- Riker discusses sex between a man and a woman to Soren
" The J'naii … they bother me . "
" Why , Worf ? "
" They just do ! "
- Worf and Deanna Troi
" On my planet , we have been taught that gender is primitive . "
" Primitive ? "
" Less evolved . "
" Maybe so , but sometimes , there is a lot to be said for an experience that 's… primitive . "
- Soren and Riker
" Then it is up to women to attract the men ? "
" Oh no , men want to be attractive , too .
Believe me .
They just go about it differently .
They like to pretend they 're not doing anything to attract a woman , even when it 's the most important thing on their minds . "
- Soren and Dr. Crusher
" That is a woman 's game … a man 's game has no wild cards . "
- Worf , on Troi 's use of wildcards in poker
" I am female .
I was born that way .
I have had those feelings , those longings , all of my life .
It is not unnatural .
I am not sick because I feel this way .
I do not need to be helped .
I do not need to be cured .
What I need , and what all of those who are like me need , is your understanding .
And your compassion .
We have not injured you in any way .
And yet we are scorned and attacked .
And all because we are different .
What we do is no different from what you do .
We talk and laugh .
We complain about work .
And we wonder about growing old .
We talk about our families and we worry about the future .
And we cry with each other when things seem hopeless .
All of the loving things that you do with each other – that is what we do .
And for that we are called misfits , and deviants and criminals .
What right do you have to punish us ?
What right do you have to change us ?
What makes you think you can dictate how people love each other ? "
- Soren , to Noor
" You see commander , on this world , everyone wants to be normal . "
" She is ! "
- Noor and Riker
Background information
Production history
Story and script
Production
Cast and characters
Continuity
Reception
Video and DVD releases
Starring
Also starring
Guest stars
Uncredited co-stars
Stunt double
Stand-ins and photo double
References
2161 ; 24 - hour clock ; ace ; Alaska ; androgyny ; annular confinement beam ; anomaly ; anti-inflammatory ; argument ; armament ; attitude ; baby ; backup system ; battle of the sexes ; body ; buffer field generator ; casual conversation ; cheek ; civic chamber ; cloak ; cochrane ( millicochrane ) ; color ; colorful metaphor ; concussion ; coordinates ; co-pilot ; criminal ; dance ; day ; debris ; delta four grid map ; delta five grid map ; deviant ; dexalin ; dizziness ; dog ; doll ; Earth ; electromagnetic energy ; emotional attitude ; engine nacelle ; energy absorption ; era ; evidence ; evolution ; exobotany ; experience ; eyelids ; falla bush ; Federation ; Federation Day ; feeling ; fetus ; fingernails ; firing sequence ; flight protocols ; flight school ; flight simulation ; forward phaser array ; friend ; gas ; genitals ( sexual organ ) ; gravitational field ; graviton polarity source generator ; guest of honor ; hair ; head of government ; headache ; high resolution sweep ; Human ; husk ; hypothesis ; idea ; inertial damper ; inflammation ; injury ; insemination ; instructor ; intelligence ; interstellar dust ; intimacy ; J'naii ; J'naii ( planet ) ; J'naii system ; joke ; kilometer ; kiss ; laughter ; life support ; long range scan ; lunch ; Magellan ; magnetic field ; make - up ; maneuvering thruster ; manifold thrust ; mating ; megajoule ; menellen tree ; microfusion thruster ; microjoule ; Midsummer Night 's Dream , A ; mind ; mission ; mouth ; navigational deflector ; neutrino emission ; night ; null space ( null pocket ; null space pocket ) ; nursery rhyme ; Onizuka ; opinion ; oxygen ; Phelan system ; phenomenon ; photon pulse ; physical attractiveness ; pilot ; plestorene ; poker ; political asylum ; port ; portable transporter array ; power reserve ; Prime Directive ; probe ; pronoun ( personal pronoun ) ; propulsion system ; psychotectic therapy ; question ; radius ; rate ; recipe ; replicator ; Riker , Kyle ; schematic reactor assembly ; sanction ; sentence ; sexes ( aka gender ) ; sexism ; sexual act ; sexual reproduction ; sexuality ; sexually compatible ; shuttle flight operations ; size ; sleeping ; snail ; snips ; social function ; Soren 's parents ; space ; specialist ; species ( race ) ; spice ; split pea soup ; star system ; starboard ; student ; sugar ; symptom ; systems review ; tail ; Taris Murn ; thing ; thinking ; topic ; throwback ; tractor beam ; transfer conduit ; translation ; Troi , Ian Andrew ; Troi , Lwaxana ; Troi ancestors ; type 4 phaser emitter ;
Type 6 shuttlecraft ;
Type 15 shuttlepod ; warning buoy ; warp engine ; " What Are Little Boys Made Of ? " ; wild card
Other references
Shuttle Systems 40275 : atmospheric ramscoop ; flight avionics unit ; forward emitter array ; forward navigational sensor array ; forward sensor array ; forward viewport ; fusion reactor core ; graviton polarity source ; power supply ; primary emitter ; reaction control thruster quad ; warp coil assembly ; warp nacelle
HAVANA – Here is a city where statues of Vladimir Lenin and John Lennon coexist without a second thought .
Although , some of the guide books poke fun at the notion that the Lennon statue is more popular with tourists .
Most of the Cubans I asked about it said something like “ ho hum . ”
They seem to like them all .
But , really , you see a lot more Jose Marti statues .
One interesting story behind the John Lennon statue is his signature round glasses .
The sculptor made them so they can be taken off his face .
So the glasses have been stolen several times and new pairs had to be made .
Now there is a security guard who holds the glasses and puts them on the statue when people want to take pictures .
( Unfortunately when we were there the guard was off duty , so no glasses in my picture . )
The statue was unveiled in Havana ’s Vedado neighborhood in a ceremony on December 8 , 2000 , by President Fidel Castro .
Ricardo Alarcon , president of the Cuban Parliament , said at the event , “ This place will always be a testimonial to struggle , a summoning to humanism .
It will also be a permanent homage to a generation that wanted to transform the world … ”
The Vladimir Lenin statue we visited has been around a bit longer .
It was unveiled in August 1924 in Regla , a working - class suburb of Havana .
Antonio Borsch , the Socialist mayor of Regla , had the statue built and then planted an olive tree on the cliff above what is now called Lenin Hill .
Lenin died in January 1924 , and this statue is believed to be the first monument to honor him outside the Soviet Union .
In fact , Regla is a very working - class suburb with a long history of union and revolutionary activity .
It is the home of many generations of dock workers and shipbuilders .
At the museum on Lenin Hill , they talk about the founding of the first industrial union in Cuba among shipbuilders .
To this day Regla is an industrial area with many unions that have their roots going way back to craft guilds .
The Communist Party of Cuba was founded in the 1920s and Regla had a strong party organization .
In fact , because of its revolutionary traditions , Regla is also known as the “ Little Sierra , ” a reference to the July 26th Movement ’s revolutionary activity in the Sierra Maestra mountains .
I ’m with the Cubans .
I really like both monuments .
Photo : Scott Marshall / PW
The Small Magellanic Cloud is n't much to look at with the naked eye , even for visitors to the International Space Station .
Former astronaut John Grunsfeld told reporters Tuesday about a stargazing experience he had on the station .
" At one point , I complained about a small greasy smudge on the window ....
That was the Small Magellanic Cloud , " Grunsfeld , who three days ago was appointed deputy director of the Space Telescope Science Institute , said during a teleconference at the American Astronomical Society annual meeting in Washington , D.C .
But now , Spitzer Space Telescope 's incredible infrared camera has transformed the little smudge into a beautiful space photo .
In the image above , old stars are blue , while young stars are lighting up the dust around them in green and red .
The new images of this neighboring dwarf galaxy , which is located about 200,000 light - years away , are part of an effort to better understand the life cycle of galaxies through tracking stardust .
" We 're tracing how a galaxy evolves through the dust , " said Karl Gordon , an astrophysicist at the Space Telescope Science Institute , who is leading the effort to study the formation of the Small Magellanic Cloud .
In the optical wavelengths , as Gordon noted , the cloud is just " this kind of faint cloud , but in the infrared all the pieces of the galaxy come out . "
That 's because infrared light has a longer wavelength than visible light .
It can pass through dusty parts of the universe without being scattered .
The upshot is that infrared astronomy lets scientists see through regions that would be nearly opaque to our eyes .
" Observations in the infrared give us a view into the birthplace of stars , unveiling the dust - enshrouded locations where stars have just formed , " Gordon said in a release .
* Image : NASA / JPL - Caltech / STScI .
XXL 8.9 megabyte version .
*
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .
Texas
Tech is taking Tommy Tuberville back to his roots , having reportedly reached a verbal agreement to open the 2012 season against defending national champion Alabama at Cowboys Stadium in Arlington , Texas .
" We 've agreed to do it , " Texas Tech athletic director Gerald Myers told the Lubbock Avalanche - Journal in Wednesday 's editions .
" I think Alabama 's agreed to do it .
But , we have n't gotten down to signing a contract or anything like that . "
Myers said both coaches -- Tuberville and Alabama 's Nick Saban -- are " on board " with the decision to play the game .
The Tuscaloosa News , citing anonymous sources in the Alabama athletic department , reported that the Crimson Tide have not agreed to the matchup .
" That 's not something we 've agreed to , " Saban told ESPN 's Chris Low .
" We have a lot of options for 2012 .
We 're in the process of weighing them .
That 's one of them . "
Tech hired Tuberville in January after firing Mike Leach amid controversy after 10 seasons .
Tuberville was Auburn 's head coach from 1999 to 2008 before stepping down with an 85 - 40 record , including a 7 - 3 mark against the Crimson Tide .
Under Mike Leach , the Red Raiders were often criticized for scheduling weak nonconference games .
Tech will open the 2010 season at home against much - improved SMU and will also face New Mexico , Weber State and Houston .
The Red Raiders played Big 12 foe Baylor at Cowboys Stadium last season .
Alabama , the defending BCS national champion , has opened each of the past two seasons with a neutral - site game in Atlanta against an ACC opponent .
The Crimson Tide will open the 2010 season with back - to - back home games this season against San Jose State and Penn State .
Jeff Caplan covers colleges for ESPN Dallas .
You can follow him on Twitter or leave a question for his weekly mailbag .
The government is trying to fix a quick deal with suppliers for its controversial £ 12.7bn NHS IT programme ahead of the next General Election , the BBC has been told .
The NHS IT project is years behind schedule Industry insiders and the Conservative Party allege the deals , which would be in place by the end of March , would " tie the hands " of whoever forms the next government .
But Health Minister Mike O'Brien said it was " nonsense " to expect the government to suspend negotiations just because of the impending election .
Last December Chancellor Alistair Darling said NHS spending which was not front line , such as parts of the IT project , should be shelved in the coming round of spending cuts .
Digital case notes
The ambitious scheme , which aimed to make patient records digitally available to every surgery and hospital in England , is years behind time .
Originally planned to be completed in 2006 , 2015 is the latest estimate for full implementation .
Tory policy would seek to halt the two main contracts and dismantle its central infrastructure .
The Liberal Democrats would like to scrap the programme .
Shadow health minister Stephen O'Brien told File on 4 that Whitehall is trying to reset these contracts within the next four weeks , which could make it harder for whoever forms the next administration to cancel them .
" We are urging the government not to go down that route because we would n't want any further contractual arrangements to be committed , " he said .
He added : " We have heard that there is a process , which is intended to be completed by the end of March , which would have the effect of potentially tying a future government 's hands more rigidly than they would already be under the current contracts . "
Other sources in the IT industry also claim Whitehall is trying to stitch a quick deal .
' Business as usual ' Mike O'Brien said the government is looking to cut £ 600 m off the programme 's cost before it is fully rolled out .
" We are certainly looking for a memorandum of understanding by the end of March if we can get that , " he added .
But he denied these negotiations would " tie " the next government 's hands .
" It may well be this government [ ie Labour ] and in that case what we want to do is that we make sure we get these savings .
" I 'm certainly not going to get into a situation where because we 're approaching a general election at some day soon , the whole of government stops and we can't make any contracts with suppliers of key NHS equipment .
That would be complete nonsense . "
File on 4 is broadcast on BBC Radio 4 on Tuesday , 2 March 2010 , at 2000 GMT , repeated Sunday , 7 March , at 1700 GMT .
You can listen via the BBC iPlayer or download the podcast .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A 7.3 magnitude earthquake has struck off the coast of Japan .
This is according to the US geological survey .
Hopefully , nothing bad will come of it .
The earthquake is the big red dot seen below .
According to @breakingnews , there is a tsunami warning in effect .
Porsches worden vaak gezien als degelijke en emotieloze auto's .
Als er één auto echter niet emotieloos is dan is het de Porsche Carrera GT wel .
De V10 zorgt voor kippenvel en de koppeling wordt als één van de lastigste ter wereld beschouwd .
Daarnaast blijft de auto een prachtig object om te zien en stiekem kunnen we er geen genoeg van krijgen .
Toen we op Teamspeed - forum een photoshoot van een matzwart exemplaar tegenkwamen , konden we het niet laten om deze met jullie te delen .
Kijk snel verder voor de prachtige foto's van deze matzwarte Porsche Carrera GT !
Kijk voor de rest van de foto's hier
Scientific American staff editor Michael Moyer talks about his article " Fusion 's False Dawn " in the March issue , and Editor in Chief Mariette DiChristina discusses the rest of the issue .
Web sites related to this episode include www.sciamdigital.com; www.snipurl.com/mikefusion
Podcast Transcription
Steve : Welcome to Science Talk , the more or less weekly podcast of Scientific American posted on March 17th , 2010 .
I am Steve Mirsky .
Remember fusion ?
Not cold fusion ; real regular old fusion that 's going to solve all our energy needs .
Well Scientific American staff editor Michael Moyer has an article in the March issue of the magazine about the current state of fusion called , " Fusion 's False Dawn " .
We 'll talk to him and we 'll talk to Editor in Chief Mariette DiChristina about some of the rest of what 's in the March issue — but first up , Michael Moyer .
Steve : Michael , let me just read the subhead of the article , " Fusion 's False Dawn " .
" Scientists have long dreamed of harnessing nuclear fusion , the power plant of the star , for a safe , clean and virtually unlimited energy supply .
Even as a historical milestone nears , skeptics question whether a working reactor will ever be possible " .
So let 's first of all talk about fission versus fusion very quickly , because some people might not be aware of the difference ; because fission reactors exist all over the place .
And also we 'll talk about what that historic milestone is and then we 'll talk about why it 's possible we may never get fusion .
Moyer : Yeah , fission reactors , as you say , are all over the place and those work by the splitting of heavy atoms such as uranium and more rarely plutonium to produce energy .
Fusion is , you know , the opposite of that .
It 's a [ n ] atomic nuclear reaction , but it 's the combination of two very light elements , generally hydrogen that come together and produce helium and then they also produce a lot of energy , and the energy comes from the basic fact that helium is slightly lighter than two hydrogens put together , so that excess energy has to go somewhere via Einstein's E = mc2
Steve :
The excess mass , it 's converted into energy .
Moyer :
Yes excuse me , the excess mass gets converted into energy and quite a bit of energy , as anyone who 's ever seen one of those film reels of hydrogen bombs going [ off can ] [ at ] test ; that is just a little bit of hydrogen converted into helium , and wow !
Steve :
So , that 's what we 're talking about and hydrogen is available in bounteous supply , so it'd be a wonderful thing .
Moyer : Hydrogen , [ the ] most common element in the universe and obviously we have it all over the place , not just in the atmosphere , but in the water .
In order to make a workable fusion , we , actually scientists , use isotopes of hydrogen .
Hydrogen itself just has a proton at its nucleus ; if you have a proton and a neutron that 's called deuterium .
If you have a proton and two neutrons , that 's tritium and for various technical reasons , it 's much easier to make deuterium and tritium come together to produce fusion .
Steve : Okay .
So that 's fusion .
What 's the historic milestone that 's coming up ?
Moyer :
So , for many years , ever since World War II , when people realized the power inherent here , they 've dreamed of making a controlled fusion experiment .
Control basically means it does n't explode , it just moves along slowly and produces heat and you can then use that heat , and they 've been working on this for decades and decades now and getting closer and closer to the point where they 're producing actually more energy than they put into the experiment .
It 's very hard to push these two deuterium and tritium nuclei together because they have this repulsive force ; they 're both positively charged and so getting them close enough to fuse is very , very difficult and there 's been a lot of different strategies for how to do that and it takes a lot of energy to make them come together .
For the first time , maybe later this year , more likely next year , the National Ignition Facility , which is in Livermore , California , is expected to finally create more energy from their fusion reactions than they put in , which is called breakeven or ignition , and it 's really a historic milestone .
People had been working on this for half a century now .
Steve : Despite all that , we 're nowhere near a fusion reactor that would supply electricity for big populations , and it looks like some people think we may never actually get there .
Moyer :
Well , here 's the thing :
In theory , you think to yourself , " Okay , now we 're getting more energy out than we 're putting in ; loop some of that energy back around . "
You have this multiplicative effect , and then suddenly you 're able to get a reactor , which you 're just putting in basically seawater and kind of getting out on the other side as much energy as you want to .
You know , this is the world 's energy problem solved .
This is limitless energy — all we have to do is kind of get past this breakeven point and learn how to control it .
That is not true for a lot of reasons .
One of which is that the breakeven that the National Ignition Facility is going to be achieving is really just the energy that is going directly into the reaction .
So the way the National Ignition Facility works , it 's this amazing structure .
When I was able to visit it ; it 's the most powerful laser in the world , three football fields in size and they generate this laser and then they focus all the lasers down , they split it apart into 142 different little lasers or , you know , not little but smaller ; and then they focus it onto [ a ] little pellet of deuterium and tritium , and then that pellet , the outsides of the pellet kind of explode , and that pushes the insides ever closer together and that is what creates a fusion reactions .
It 's really just this marvelous , marvelous experiment , but into the accounting that they do — and they 're very clear about this — it 's just the energy of the lasers that are actually going in and hitting the pellets .
There 's a lot of losses in the system that come from generating the lasers themselves , so we 're not there yet .
More importantly , now you have all this energy coming out of the fusion , energy coming out , and how do you then convert that into energy that we could use ?
How do you make that boil water and spin a turbine and have that generate electricity that then goes out through the grid ?
Steve :
What is the form of the energy that comes out right now ?
Moyer :
So , the energy in a fusion reaction is mostly in the form of neutrons .
And neutrons , one of the atomic constituents of matter , they 're called neutrons , because they 're neutral — they do n't interact via the electromagnetic force , they do n't have charge .
So , you have all these neutrons coming out , they 're very energetic , they 've got all this energy , and they 're blasting out through the sides of your chamber .
Now you 've got to somehow convert that into boiling water .
How do you do it ?
Well you ['ve ] got to have this design around it , what 's the called blanket ; and what the hope is , is that the neutron will go out and the blanket is made of some very thick steel - type material , and every so often , a neutron will just hit an atomic nucleus in the steel blanket and that hit will then make the steel hotter and that hot steel , and then you have , almost like in a car engine , you have some fluid , water could work , going through the steel , it takes the energy away , that water is hot , it goes and spins the turbine , okay that 's great .
Problems : sometimes the neutron goes out and hits a nucleus of the blanket and instead of just ringing it like a bell , it goes and one of the steel atoms absorb [s ] the neutron ; now this makes it different material , [ it ] makes it brittle , it makes it radioactive .
And in the blanket , they 're figuring out [ some of ] the common materials would n't have a very long life .
Another , actually huge problem that they have and probably the core problem that people are most worried about , as we said before , there 's two elements that you have to have going into a fusion reaction , deuterium and tritium .
Deuterium is very common , it 's an element of sea water , you can find it ; tritium is not common .
Tritium is very difficult to make , it 's radioactive itself , and right now you can make it in ordinary fission reactors , but only a very little bit and all at very high cost .
Once you get one of the power plants going and up and running , you 're going through kilograms and kilograms and kilograms of this tritium and you have to find a way to actually make tritium in this blanket at the same time that you 're extracting energy .
And so in order to do that , you have to have all these other components nearby and you have to have lithium , you have to have some of the neutrons hit lithium ions , and then it has to go through a cascade of reactions , so that the lithium goes and produces tritium and helium and then you have to extract the tritium from the blanket and you go ahead .
It 's just this huge , huge engineering feat that people are n't really sure of how they 're going to solve right now ; they have n't demonstrated that they 're going to be able to do it .
And so even as we get to this point , before we get to breakeven , now people are saying " Okay look , we 've been working on this problem of making fusion reactions happen , controlling plasmas — plasmas are these very odd materials , when you heat things up to very high temperatures , and it 's hard to control them .
We 're kind of getting this , in addition to NIF , there 's this other program called , ITER , which is out in Europe , which will also be able to create controlled fusion reactions at above break - even that 's going to be going online in maybe 15 years or so ; they 're building it right now .
Now that we 've done this , how are we going to make a workable power plant ?
And those problems are much more severe than anyone 's been talking about .
Steve :
The last section of your article is sub-headed , The Big Lie , but it 's not about propaganda , what is it about ?
Moyer :
So , the big lie — once you take all these ideas into account , then you have to consider , are we going to be able to make these reactors and are we going to be able to make them work at [ a ] cost that is effective that is able to compete with whatever other options we have in 30 , 40 , 50 years and longer .
And so people are starting to ask hard questions , for instance with the NIF program , as we said before , there 're these little pellets in the center that all these laser [s ] have to hit .
So , but this it 's really an issue where it 's a blast .
You have the lasers come and hit the pellet and the pellet explodes in a way , you know fuses together .
Now , okay so that was one , now you want to kind of do this continuously .
So you 've got to kind of cycle things through and you almost , it 's a machine gun approach .
You got all these pellets coming in and blast , blast , blast , blast , blast .
Right now , NIF is only set up to kind of run one blast every four or five hours or something like that , but you start to do , Ed Moses , the director of NIF told me , " You know , you have a 600 rpm machine , you start to create a lot of energy . "
Well , so then you ask the question , how much does the fuel cost ?
How much are these pellets ?
And NIF does n't release the cost of their pellets and they 're making them on - site there , but [ there are ] other people making similar pellets that have to [ be ] exquisitely machined , you know , down to micrometers , and right now the estimates are , they ’re you know , in the order of about a million dollars a pellet .
Steve :
As opposed to a nickel a pellet .
Moyer :
As opposed to a nickel , which is where they have to go , and they and , you know , Dr. Moses will say , " Hey we have to get this cost down . "
He 's very optimistic that they 're going to be able to get it all the way down , but look that 's a lot of orders of magnitude ; you gotta get that pellet cost down .
Steve :
Well , we have seen the price of certain entities fall by that many orders of magnitude within a relatively short time .
I 'm thinking about consumer electronics .
Moyer : Sure , and my hope is that they 're able to make it happen , but the tolerances required are very small , and you also do n't solve the tritium problem , with this as well , you still have to get the tritium from somewhere .
Dr. Moses was telling me , we 've seen progress like this in consumer electronics .
He says the laser in the NIF right now is very expensive , but you can imagine that if we would have a solid - state laser made — they 're making great progress in making solid - state laser [s ] a lot cheaper — those you would be able to blast much more frequently .
The limiting factor is in how often you can do the blast [ at NIF now is that ] you can only , kind of , run the flashlike - tubes that make the lasers so powerful every four hours , they have to cool down , they have to be able to do all this other stuff .
So , can it happen ?
It could .
Is it going to be this great stuff where in 20 years , we 're going to start building these things ?
From [ what ]
I learned in reporting the story , I 'm not convinced .
Steve : Alright .
Let 's just play a game .
Twenty years from now , what would you think the odds are of having a working fusion reactor that 's actually supplying electricity to households in 50 years ?
Moyer :
In 50 years , I guess I would have to fudge it and say it depends .
A lot of the people , I spoke with said , " Look , if you gave us more money , we'd be able to make progress a lot faster . "
Moses is a big fan of a design which is more of a hybrid fission - fusion design .
You have those , you kind of solve a lot of the blanket problems where you have your fusion blast in the center and then it hits a blanket which is basically nuclear waste , depleted waste , and there 's a lot of left over energy in that waste ; and you have neutrons hit that waste and then that catalyzes further reactions , you get a lot more heat .
He says that that really can happen in 20 years if we want [ it ] to happen and other people in fission communities say that that 's not really feasible .
The standard answer I would say is , I would say that there 's may be a 20 percent chance that in 50 years we 'll have a working fusion reactor .
Steve :
All right .
So what about 100 years ?
Moyer :
There is a great optimism amongst everyone in the field that one day civilization will get to the point where we 'll be using fusion energy .
Steve :
So , a thousand years from now ?
Moyer :
That 's right .
At a thousand year [s ] , as T goes [ to ] infinity , the chances that we 're using fusion for energy chances are ….
Steve : Go to 100 percent .
Moyer :
But in between now and then , it 's hard to see where that slope of that line is right now .
Steve :
How come I have n't heard a lot about fusion in the last maybe 20 years really ?
Moyer :
Well , I think it 's a lot story of frustration .
You know the early pioneers of the research made big promises ; and you know , this was in the '50s and the '60s , this was the nuclear age , this was you know , " We can do anything if we put enough energy into it " and there were just a lot of you know , nature put up a lot of roadblocks along the way .
And so then after hearing lot of promises for so long and not seeing results , you know , Congress stopped funding a lot of these things to the extent that they were before ; and you know , the earlier energy crisis going back [ to ] the ' 70s , there was a lot of money put into fusion , but then that went away and so did the money .
So , and then you also have the cold fusion fiascos of the late 1980s which kind of give everything a little bit of a bad name , but really it 's because there has n't been a lot to report since then .
We 've been working towards break even , now finally we ’re getting to break even and that 's great and the experiments that are going on , you know , are n't just for the purpose of getting us energy in the future , there 's a lot of interest in science work that can be done .
You can model supernova explosions with these little explosions at NIF .
The real reason that NIF exists and the reason why it has n't been canceled [ for ] going over budget is because it's used to help the stock [ pile ] stewardship program which is to help ensure the safety of Americas nuclear weapons stockpile , now that we can't test them anymore , there 's a comprehensive test band .
So there are a lot of reasons to do it that do n't include making energy .
Steve :
Well , I hope that in the you know , we have the column " 50 , 100 and 150 " years ago at Scientific American , so I 'm hoping that the March 2110 issue quotes from your article here and talks about how ironic it was where you say that ignition may be close but the age of unlimited energy is not , and I hope those people [ a ] hundred years from now , in their hovercraft , as they 're texting in they 're hovercraft — its okay because it's on autopilot — I hope they 're reading what we had a hundred years ago and think , " Oh those poor people back then , thank god [ that ] such a great progress has been made . "
Moyer : I certainly hope that they get a good chuckle out of it .
Steve : Michael Moyer 's article , " Fusion 's False Dawn " is available in the March issue of Scientific American .
The preview of the article can be found on our Web site and at http:snipurl.com / mikefusion .
Mariette DiChristina is the editor in chief of Scientific American magazine .
We talked about the rest of the contents of the March issue .
March is here Mariette , and I understand there 's now dark energy in the brain of all places ?
DiChristina : Can you believe that ?
Steve : I can't actually .
DiChristina :
You know the good thing about March is that the sun is actually now out more so the dark energy in the brain will maybe [ be ] ameliorated by the light outside .
Steve : Interesting .
And by the way , everybody who 's now getting ready to write to us to explain how the Earth revolves around the Sun and spins on its axis and that the sun is not actually out more , we know .
DiChristina :
We know , yes thank you .
We probably addressed this in [ the ]
Ask the Experts area of the Web site , too .
Steve : No doubt .
So let 's talk about the brain 's dark energy , obviously a term that the neuroscientists are borrowing from the physicists .
DiChristina : Right , in astrophysics and cosmology , what dark energy is referring to is this mysterious force that is responsible for the expansion of the universe at speeds greater than what have been anticipated , or I should say rates rather than speeds .
In the brain , dark energy is this unexpected activity that they found by looking at , well let me back up just for a minute .
It 's when you 're resting , say you 're semi- dozing , you 're kind of lying in your chair , you 're kind of relaxed or even sleeping , once upon a time we had this idea , or scientists had this idea that the brain is pretty much inactive then , that you 've shut off in effect your conscious thinking , then also your brain was not doing much .
It actually turns out to be quite the opposite .
In fact , when you 're not doing much , the brain is super active , and this is the brain 's dark energy .
And the question was what is the brain doing when you 're relaxing , you know , semi- slumbering ; what could you possibly be up to ?
Steve : [ One of ] the really interesting findings is , let 's say you are just sitting in a chair not doing anything , daydreaming or maybe just , sort of , maybe not trying to meditate but you are in a meditative kind of state , you 're just sitting there relaxing , looking out the window , and you then decide to perform a task — your brain activity actually goes down .
DiChristina : Right it does .
Well it goes down in the sense [ that ] it gets a little more focused as well ; now know what 's happening is this brain dark energy , which scientists call the brain default mode network — and they use the word default because when you 're not doing anything else — this is background brain activity that is constantly occurring is all about the brain anticipating and predicting what 'll happen next in the environment .
This research by a guy named Marcus Raichle at Washington University School of Medicine in Saint Louis , the reason why he start[ed ] to look at it was he began to wonder [ whether ] — all this brain wave activity when we look at , when scientists look at brainwave activity , they typically strip out what you and I would call noise .
So you 're trying to get that sine wave , that up and down mountain range of brainwave activity , and there 's all these little wriggles in there that scientists once thought was noise .
And what Dr. Raichle [ asked ] was , " Could that noise be actually doing something ? "
And it turns out it is .
It is by far the brain 's greatest level of activity , devoted constantly , and what is doing is thinking about the world ; it 's thinking about interpreting the data that come in and it's thinking about planning actions that one might next take for a background level of consciousness .
' The brain at rest ' is actually a hive of activity and what it 's doing is trying to sort out information that comes in ; I mean this is another , another thing that made Marcus Raichle curious about this , is we know , for instance , that six million bits of data go flowing in through your optic nerve from the environment around you , and then only 10,000 of those bits actually get to the brain 's visual processing area and only a few hundred of those are involved in consciousness , and you know , the conscious processing associated with that visual activity .
So how on earth is the brain taking that little , relatively very small amount of data and then creating this very enriched , you know , very complete visual and , you know , sensory experience of the world around us and scientists think this default mode network is a key to that experience .
Steve : A constant kind of reconstruction of reality .
DiChristina : Exactly , and a ruminating , you know , sort of considering what data it has taken in so far and what it might anticipate happening next , and you know assembling conscious processing to match that .
Steve :
So that 's our cover article .
You also have a really interesting piece by Robert Hazen , about the fact that the mineral diversity on earth is unique , well unique , as far as we know ; because as it turns out so much of that diversity is the result of life itself on earth [ itself ] creating the minerals that we find on the planet .
We always think of the planet as this inorganic , you know , nonliving environment , that life then takes place on but what this article shows is that life actually constantly remolds the physical non-organic environment .
It 's really interesting just how many thousands of the different minerals will not be found on the moon or Mars because life was [ n't ] involved in their creation .
DiChristina : Yeah , I love this article .
This article is actually called the " Evolution of Minerals " and one of the things , as your rightly point out , that the article does is the author Robert Hazen suggests that , you know , we had thought of minerals for their timeless quality but actually they 've been quite varied and diversified over time , just as life itself has , and that life has been the actor in this .
You mentioned before how , you know , earth is unique as far as we know , and that is true .
When earth was first formed with , you know , giant pieces of rock smashing , you know , impacting together , they were maybe 200 or so minerals created through the formation of the solar system and so on .
And this is maybe , you know , 4.4 [ billion ] or 4.5 billion years ago , a little bit more , 4.6 billion years ago , through heat and pressure over the next few hundred thousand years , about another thousand or so minerals arose through chemical reactions , heating , weathering and so on .
But then earth went through a series of three more giant stages associated with the formation of life that wholly revamped minerals .
And so now there are something like 4,400 on Earth which is at least as far as we can see completely unique , and there was a period which Dr. Hazen called red earth about a couple of billion , two billion years ago , when life first gets going when there 's some , you know , early forms of life and about 2,000 or so minerals arise [ there ] , microorganisms make sheaths of minerals like calcium carbonate that we now see in animals with shells .
There was an era called white earth which starts about 700 million years ago with alternating periods of deep ice sheets and then hotter warmer stages which led to formation of various kinds of crystals , and last and luckily we live in the period known as green earth , which started about 400 million years ago when multicellular life arose and wholly changed to biochemical breakdown the makeup of the minerals on the planet again .
So [ it 's ] a terrific article on how minerals have changed and how life and minerals back and forth had shifted each other .
Steve :
And one of the key things is that life is responsible for the oxygenation of the atmosphere .
There was a very , very miniscule percentage of the atmosphere that was oxygen until living things started to produce oxygen and oxygenate the whole big deal here ; and the oxygen in the atmosphere basically rusts the earth .
DiChristina : Everything yeah , this is red earth , you 're referring [ to ]
Steve ; it 's an event called the great oxidation event and this started about two billion years ago and really set off the first giant wave of mineralization of changing varieties of minerals that we see in earth 's history .
Steve :
Well , once you have oxygen out there to combine because it's so corrosive …
DiChristina :
So reactive yeah .
Steve : … to combine with all these other elements you have this just incredible variation of minerals that become available too .
DiChristina : Yeah , I mean , we think of minerals as things that just kind of sit there , and they are timeless , and they do n't change , but what this article shows is that they 've changed in extraordinary ways over time .
That 's fascinating .
Steve : Yeah , it 's also a good reminder that we always perceive things through the human lifespan , and when you can hold back from that and see things over geological time spans , everything , sort of , takes on the appearance of being alive , even the rocks .
DiChristina : Right , well even they change , I mean if we then change our lens again , you know , the solar system is evolving and changing the galaxies and so on , and in fact the entire cosmos seems to be alive with change .
Steve :
And one of the interesting things Hazen points out is that if we are searching for life on other planets with our telescopes — we do n't have to actually go there yet — one of the things we can do in addition to looking for the direct signatures of life , biochemical signatures of life , we can look to see what kind of minerals appear to be on those planets .
Because if there 's just a handful , chances are it's a dead planet .
But if we find another body out there with just an incredible variety of mineral forms that might be a clue to us that there is life there creating those mineral forms .
DiChristina : Right , I mean and that would be , as you say , we could look with our telescopes and we could see chemical signatures using special instruments with our telescopes and look for those signs of potential life .
Steve :
So , we have another article everybody loves : worms .
DiChristina :
Who does n't love a good worm ?
Steve : Seriously , so worm grunting ; we [ have an ] article actually on worm grunting ; let 's explain what worm grunting is .
DiChristina : Yeah , [ we have ] an article on this amazing , on this amazing phenomenon which is so counter - intuitive .
I mean evolution teaches us , we [ were ] just speaking about evolution and minerals , right , and evolution of the brain .
Evolution teaches us that survival is a good thing .
So one would think that anything you do counter to survival will not be a good thing , and with worms if you stamp on the ground , worm grunters do this , the worms will rise to the surface .
Why would they do that thing ?
Why ?
Because they come to the surface and now they 're subject to you who are just stamping and want to pull them off for fish bait , or other animal forms , why would they do that ?
Steve :
A perfunctory analysis would be if you hear stamping on the ground , you would go deeper down to get away from whoever is making that noise up there , which might be a threat ; but no , they come up .
DiChristina : Even Charles Darwin wondered about this puzzle , and he had an idea about it ; he thought that it may be the worms were trying to escape a predator , moles who are seeking protein in the form of wriggling worms .
And the thing is that 's a nice just old story , right ?
Maybe the worms just do that ; Charles Darwin had this idea but how do we know that 's what happened ?
And this is where this article , which is called " Worm Charmers " by Kenneth Catania comes into play , because he had the same question — could we prove that moles , that they were indeed trying to escape moles who were digging and that they might rise up to escape the moles that were in tunnels below them .
Steve :
So our buddy Ken Catania goes to Florida and he tracks along with some of these worm grunters or worm charmers .
DiChristina : Right so first he has got to find some moles , so he is driving down the highway and he looks for characteristic tunnels that moles form , and he finds them ; and then , you know , how are you going to get the mole out of the tunnel ?
Well some of the tunnels were crushed by cars passing by so you would wait for moles to come out and kind of fix the tunnel and thereby find them .
Steve :
And once he found them what was he going to do with the moles directly ?
DiChristina :
Well you can set them to work then back on the ground and then see what the worms do , so in this way you can directly test what the animals are doing , you know , whether they interact with each other .
Steve :
And lo and behold when the moles burrow they actually set up these vibrations that are very similar to what humans do when we stamp on the ground .
DiChristina :
And so the worms will rise up to escape them .
And what else is interesting about that is that there are other animals that have figured out , as human worm charmers [ have ] , that if they set up vibrations on top of the ground , worms will rise to meet them .
Steve :
So the moles are setting up these vibrations .
The worms attempt to flee because they know that those vibrations mean burrowing moles and they come to the surface , so human beings have co-opted that vibrational form which they mimic by stamping to get the worms to come up , but so have these other species , have figured this out .
So , was it herring gulls have also figured it out that if they stamp on the ground with their big web [ bed ] feet that they can get the worms to come up and get a meal out of it ?
And what ’s the other animal ?
DiChristina :
There is a wood turtle that also stomps to drive up worms .
Steve :
Also , with the big webbed foot , smacks the ground , brings the worms [ up ] ; and , of course , the turtle does n't know that it 's imitating the vibrational form produced by the moles , it 's just figured this out evolutionarily .
DiChristina : Right , I mean it happens , it proves to be successful strategy for acquiring protein in the form of worms and those animals that develop this successful strategy or can pass it on in whatever means survive better and that way the behavior continues .
Steve :
So , the worms are caught in , I believe the expression is an evolutionary trap , where their survival strategy has now become deleterious to them .
DiChristina :
Well , there is , yeah , but it is and it is n't .
So in some cases , this behavior is , you know , a survival advantage when the moles ; and , you know , clearly when Kenneth Catania was driving around he found lots of mole tunnels , so there are lots of reasons for worms to rise up and get away from these moles .
But in other cases other predators , such as humans or this herring gull or that wood turtle , you can mimic that vibration and can take advantage of it .
Steve :
And we should say that the herring gulls finding was made by the renowned Nobel laureate Nicholas Tinbergen actually who did a whole lot of interesting stuff on animal behavior that ’s worth checking out , so do a Tinbergen google .
DiChristina : I think I will do that right after we are done here .
Steve :
So let 's take a quick look at our " 50 , 100 and 150 Years Ago " space here compiled by Daniel Schlenoff .
One hundred and fifty years ago in Scientific American , the March 1860 issue , we wrote " … gas for interior illumination , it is supposed is a powerful disinfectant , and hence there is no contagion within the circle of its influence " — actually we were then quoting , and then we wrote : " We copy the above sentence for the purpose of disputing the inference that gas will protect people from the smallpox .
Smallpox is doubtless uncommon among that class of people who burn gas for [ light ] in our cities because they generally have sufficient intelligence and forethought to attend to the vaccination of their families and its ravages are almost wholly confined to that improvident class who make no provision against the smallpox or anything else in the future and who live by the light of burning fluid . "
So a 150 years ago — there 's undoubtedly some classism involved in our interpretation back then — but 150 years ago at least we were pointing out the difference between causation and correlation .
DiChristina : I was just going to say , that 's one thing also what occurred to me is that to me is a lesson in microcosm — because it 's just a paragraph what Steve just read to everybody — that shows why it 's so important in science to remove all your confounds , you know , remove all the variables so that you can find really what is at the heart of thing , and to me that that 's the lesson that science has much more thoroughly adopted probably at this point and can speak with , you know , much greater authority ; when something actually is a finding you need to be able to remove all the potential things that could be interfering with the conclusion that you 're trying to make .
Steve : Absolutely , and 150 years ago we were pointing out that it was really a good thing to get vaccinated .
DiChristina :
And it is today — ; go get your shot folks .
Steve :
The March issue of Scientific American is on the newsstands and it's also available in its entirety at www.SciAmdigital.com.
We are running very long so that 's it for this episode .
We 'll roll out our TOTALL …… Y BOGUS quiz as a stand - alone feature pronto .
In the meantime , get your science news at www.ScientificAmerican.com or you can see the slide show illustrating six fun facts about the James Webb Space Telescope .
For Science Talk , I am Steve Mirsky .
Thanks for clicking on us .
THE prize - winning author Hilary Mantel has opened up a public debate over teenage sex by saying that girls are ready to have babies at 14 .
The 57 - year - old novelist said society ran on a ' ' male timetable ' ' which dictated that women should have babies older .
Hilary Mantel ... mixed response .
Credit:AFP
'' Having sex and having babies is what young women are about , and their instincts are suppressed in the interests of society 's timetable , '' she said .
' ' I think it is that men 's lives have set the timetable .
Men reach a sort of sexual peak when you are 20 , a social peak when you are 40 .
There is this breed of women for whom society 's timetable is completely wrong . ''
BAGHDAD ( Reuters ) - Secularist challenger Iyad Allawi ’s coalition won the most seats in Iraq ’s election , according to preliminary results on Friday , but the tight race foreshadowed long , divisive talks to form a new government .
The cross-sectarian Iraqiya bloc headed by Allawi took 91 seats with the State of Law coalition led by Shi’ite Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki close behind at 89 seats , a result that highlighted Iraq ’s sectarian gulf following a vote Iraqis hoped would stabilize their country after years of war .
Allawi , a secular Shi’ite who served as prime minister in 2004 - 5 and was once highly critical of Shi’ite neighbor Iran for meddling in Iraq , said in brief comments on television that he would extend “ hands and heart ” to all groups .
“ For all who want and wish to participate in building Iraq , we will together bury political sectarianism and political regionalism , ” he said .
Nearly three weeks after the March 7 ballot , the preliminary results showed Maliki taking ethnically and religiously diverse Baghdad and predominantly Shi’ite southern provinces , while Allawi dominated largely Sunni northern and western regions .
Celebratory gunfire rang out in the streets of Baghdad after the results were announced .
The Iraqi National Alliance ( INA ) , a Shi’ite bloc with close ties to Iran , was in third place with 70 seats , and the Kurdish alliance , a union of two powerful parties in Iraq ’s semi-autonomous Kurdish north , finished with 43 seats .
The INA , an alliance which includes anti-American cleric Moqtada al - Sadr currently studying in Iran , is negotiating a merger with Maliki ’s State of Law .
Maliki said he was on the way to forming the biggest bloc in parliament .
But any attempt to sideline Allawi in what could be weeks or months of perilous negotiations to form a new government could lead to resentment among Sunnis shunted to the political wilderness when Iraq ’s majority Shi’ites rose to power following the 2003 U.S. - led invasion that ousted Saddam Hussein .
Sectarian violence exploded after the last parliamentary vote in 2005 as politicians took more than five months to agree a government .
SADR THE KINGMAKER ?
The United States congratulated Iraq for carrying out a successful election , noting neither international nor domestic observers had reported any signs of widespread or serious fraud .
“ This marks a significant milestone in the ongoing democratic development of Iraq , ” State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said .
But Maliki said he believed the results were not final .
“ For sure , we will not accept these results , ” he told a news conference .
The results released on Friday represented a 100 percent preliminary count of the votes , but the final results must be certified by a court .
The potential power vacuum and likely instability during the coalition negotiations will be watched closely by Washington as the U.S. military prepares to end combat operations formally by September 1 and pull its troops out by the end of 2011 , and also by global oil firms that inked multibillion - dollar contracts to refurbish Iraq ’s rich but dilapidated oilfields .
Iraqi challenger Iyad Allawi speaks during an interview with Reuters in Beirut , March 19 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Jamal Saidi
Underscoring Iraq ’s fragile security and the tensions caused by the March 7 election , two explosions in the town of Khalis , in Iraq ’s mainly Sunni northern Diyala province , killed at least 42 people and wounded 65 just before the release of the results .
The Sadrists ’ strong election showing gives Sadr , a Shi’ite cleric whose Mehdi Army fiercely fought U.S. troops , a potential kingmaker role in the new parliament .
Representatives of Maliki ’s State of Law and the Sadrists travelled to Iran on Friday to meet with Sadr , according to INA sources .
While Maliki and INA are seen as having close ties to Iran , Allawi is viewed as having better relations with Arab states .
He was once highly critical of Tehran for supporting Shi’ite militias in Iraq , but is reported to have sought to mend fences .
A merger of State of Law and INA would take the two blocs close to the 163 seats needed to form a government .
Such an alliance could leave Sunnis vulnerable after they turned out in force at the polls .
Their participation was considered a key to Iraq ’s future stability after the sectarian bloodshed that engulfed the country in 2006 - 07 .
A merger could also leave Maliki exposed in his quest for a second term as prime minister .
The Sadrists were infuriated when Maliki sent federal troops to crush their militias and authorities still hold hundreds of Sadrist prisoners .
Next Post :
Boyzone Say Good - bye to Stephen Gately in New Video »
Saturday March , 20th 2010 at 11 PM EST
I will once again be a guest on ParaTrinity Radio .
This episode will feature myself , an Atheist , as well as a Christian and a Wiccan and we will be discussing beliefs , god , religion , and all sorts of other things .
Last time I was on the program it was their most popularly downloaded program yet , and I ’d like to break that record again with the new episode .
We had lots of fun last time and since this is an unleashed debate it should be even better .
Here ’s what hosts
Mike and LE had to say about the upcoming show :
Saturday , March 20th , ParaTrinity Radio will have three guests , of three different religions , of three different beliefs on air to discuss god , ghosts , and more !
We will be talking to atheist – Matt Oxley ( as heard on Feb. 20th ) , witch / wiccan – Marla Brooks ( as heard in Jan. and March 13th ) , and lastly , Christian – Christopher Maggard ( TriState Paranormal investigator ) in a round table style discussion with some possible debates .
You will NOT want to miss this one !
Saturday at 11 pm in Studio B of www.asprn.com!
Links of Interest :
At 11 PM EST on March 20th click This Link to get to the live broadcast of the program , there will be a live chat room during the show .
ParaTrinity On Facebook
ParaTrinity Unleashed ( Facebook Event for RSVP purposes , invite your friends please ! )
RagingRev.com Fan Page
Movie studios spying on P2P networks is a phenomenon most users suspect occurs , but have never really seen proof of .
Until now , that is — Warner Bros. in the UK has published a job listing for an intern to dig through known piracy mediums in order to " gather information " and report back to the studio .
For £ 17,500 ( or US $ 26,000 ) per year , this internship sounds like the perfect opportunity for a student to learn about the ins and outs of copyright — and possibly get ostracized by content - lovin ' peers .
According to the job listing ( PDF ) taken from the University of Manchester ( first posted by TorrentFreak ) , the year - long internship would involve combing IRC networks , forums , and other P2P mediums for Warner Bros. and NBCU content .
The goal would be to find new networks and private filesharing sites for informational purposes , but that 's not all .
Warner also wants the intern to be able to develop bots to scan the Internet for links , send infringement notices , perform " trap purchases of pirated product , " and collect " intelligence " on pirate activities .
The listing does n't seem to imply that the company expects interns to turn in specific individuals , but who really knows what Warner expects when it says to " gather information on pirate sites , pirate groups and other pirate activities . "
It also makes us wonder how Warner plans to protect itself from spies from the outside — that is , members of the " pirate " community who want to learn more about the company 's anti-piracy practices .
After all , TorrentFreak is already encouraging its readers to apply for the internship so they can provide updates on Warner 's efforts .
We reached out to Warner for answers to these questions , but did not hear back by publication time .
Warner Bros. has been in the news more and more lately for its assertive moves in the movie rental space .
After talking both Netflix and Redbox into delaying the DVD release of Warner 's titles for 28 days after they hit the streets , the studio promptly turned around and gave same - day release rights to Blockbuster .
It 's clear that the company is still trying to keep the dying DVD sales market alive , and its online anti-piracy efforts are intended to bolster this strategy .
Nude Me Artistic Nudes
Posted by : Brooke
Submitted some of photos from this shoot to the E contri theme Covering .
These are the ones that are n't covered !
Hope you like these as much as the covering ones !
Picking your first sex toy can be extremely frustrating , overwhelming and scary .
There are a great many sex toys to choose from , and each has a range of options , styles , and materials .
Thus it can be difficult to choose one that 's right for you .
The important thing to remember when choosing a sex toy is identifying your needs and wants .
You must decide you want a sex toy for inner stimulation , outer stimulation , both or anal .
There are many to choose from .
The G - spot stimulator ( they have a bent tip ) , the realistic dildo ( looks like the real ) , the very simple vibrator ( it is just straight ) and of course the famous Rabbit , which stimulates vaginal and the clitoris .
And last but not the least , the Bullet , mainly used to stimulate the clitoris and different types of anal beads .
If you are just beginning to play with sex toys , you may want to start off small and work your way up to a size you 're comfortable with .
The following are some things you should consider :
- Who will be using the toy : alone or with a lover ?
- Should your sex toy vibrate , rotate , or twist ?
- Which erogenous zone (s ) does it stimulate ?
- What size do you want : normal , small , large , pocket .
You may also think about the width , length and shape .
- What type of material do you like most : silicone , cyberskin , jelly , rubber , glass , wood or metal ?
- Should it be waterproof ?
- Should it be hands or noise - free ?
- From these questions , you should then decide on your budget range .
The good thing about the world of sex toys is that they come in all sorts of sizes , colors , textures , etc .
- Once you have chosen your sex toys , remember to add lube .
It enhances all sex play - whether you 're with a lover or solo , using sex toys , hands or body to body .
Water and silicone based lubricants are safe to use with all sex toys .
Oil and petroleum based lubes break down latex material , thus avoid using them .
Vaseline or oil are for external use only and are great for massaging but never use them for any penetration as they can cause infections .
Since sex toys are used on the most sensitive parts of your body , it makes sense to keep it well cleaned and cared for .
With a few simple steps , you can prolong the life of your sex toy .
If needed , silicone sex toy can be sterilized by boiling it for 3 to 5 minutes .
Non-porous materials are smooth and warm water and soap usually does the trick .
Porous materials such as rubber and cyberskin require a bit more care as bacteria can hide within the pores .
Avoid using soap on cyberskin to maintain the texture .
Instead , rinse with lots of warm water or sterilize with alcohol .
It is best air - dried and sprinkled with talcum or cornstarch to maintain the smooth surface .
To keep all your sex toys clean and ready to use , you can also pickup a care and cleaning kit .
Do not use same toy for anal and then vaginal stimulation .
It is asking for an infection .
If you share your sex toys with multiple partners use a condom .
Condoms also make cleaning that much easier .
Remember rubber dildos are porous materials and must be sterilized if shared with multiple partners .
Using a condom with all sex toys , especially those made from porous materials , will help minimize risks of transmitted fluids , bacteria , etc .
Hopefully by following this list of suggestions you 'll not only be able to find a sex toy that is right for you , but one that will last for years to come offering many hours of enjoyment !
Do n't be scared to experiment and try something new .
You never know just how much you will like it until you try it .
Nobody cares about you .
I do n’t mean your parents , of course they do .
And of course your dog .
And your significant other , if you have one .
Maybe even your kids or your siblings , though there ’s no guarantee .
And maybe a great friend or two .
No , I ’m talking about all the rest .
Your work team , your customers , your suppliers , your neighbors , your kids ’ teachers , the gang at the gym and at church .
The people you spend 85 % of your time with , who make up 90 % of the entries in your contacts database and 95 % of the people in your Linked In catalog .
99 % of your Facebook and Twitter friends .
They do n’t really care about you .
None of them .
Not really .
Basically , the vast majority of human interactions we have are with people who do n’t really care about us .
And that , my ‘ friends , ’ is a wonderful thing .
Here ’s why .
My Life has Been Very Eventful : Some of It Actually Happened .
For me , almost all the stomach - churning fear and angst I have experienced in my life consisted of fictional plots hatched in the dark places in my own mind .
They nearly always featured those 90 % - plus people in my life .
A huge chunk of my life ’s emotional energy was spent on winning fictional arguments and fights with them — though now , finally , I spend a lot less time on that .
If only I could have realized more fully , earlier on in my life , the One Big Truth , how much more productive I could have been !
And what is the One Big Truth ?
They do n’t really give a damn .
Any more than I do about them .
Oh sure I like interacting with them , most of them , most of the time .
And I actually do n’t think badly about hardly any of them — they mean well , mostly .
It ’s just that , I ’ve got my own issues to worry about , and I honestly do n’t spend that much time focusing on them .
And , surprise surprise , they spend about as much time focused on me as I do focused on them .
Which is not a lot .
And they probably do n’t think any more badly about me than I think badly about them , which is not much .
The main thing is : I just think about myself more than I do about them .
And they do the same .
The Freedom That Lies in Realizing No One Really Cares
Again , I do n’t mean we ’re all selfish , mean - spirited people .
But I do mean that we ’re all pretty much wrapped up in ourselves .
And that turns out to be an enormous , high - potential gift .
Because : imagine doubling the quality of attention you show to other people .
Not even the quantity — just the quality .
No more time — just more connection .
What if you could really connect with your customer .
Just for two minutes .
For two minutes , to engage in a way that is not dominated by your desire to close the deal , to advance the sale , to get them to like you .
What if , for two minutes , you could actually care about them ?
About how they are feeling , about why they ’re thinking what they ’re thinking , about how it must feel to be them in that moment .
What if you could offer the fine gift of your attention ?
What would happen if someone gave a damn about you for just two minutes ?
How would it feel ?
Pretty good , I think .
And what does it cost ?
Pretty much nothing .
You Can Radically Improve Lives in Two Minutes a Day
Any time you want , you can stop the noise , get off the Bozo Bus , and reach out and touch someone .
All it takes is the gift of your attention .
It seems to me that the reason we do n’t give the gift of attention is that we are trapped in the fictional belief that we must gain the approval of others .
Thus we are afraid of what they think of us .
The truth is : they ca n’t think good or ill of us if they ’re not even thinking of us at all .
Which means we are free — gloriously free — to share our attention .
No one else is claiming it .
And if you give it away , you ’ll get something back .
It ’s a universal truth .
Declare the obvious — your own freedom from the myth of others ’ judgment .
Then go use that freedom to fix your little corner of the world .
You might even find that someone cares just a little bit about you .
Hot on the heels of their Proton hybrid platform announcement Lotus have released the above pictured Evora 414E Hybrid concept car in Geneva .
The Evora has two electric motors , one for each rear wheel , and a small 1.2 litre petrol engine that is used to recharge the batteries in the industry standard plug - in gas / electric hybrid format .
Exactly why Lotus chose the ugliest paint / pinstripe combination seen since the early 1970 ’s remains a mystery although , perhaps as a testament to the buyability of the Evora 414E , we still want one .
Further fuelling the rumours of a full line up of hybrid sports cars including both the Elise and upcoming Esprit reincarnation , the base hybrid platform is designed to be easily translated into other car models .
Speculation at the moment is that this is why Lotus decided to stop providing Tesla with the Elise platform currently used in the Tesla Roadster , due to end production in 2011 .
This is n’t hard to imagine as the Evora Hybrid is essentially ready for production as soon as Lotus feels the time is right , hopefully this wo n’t be too far off in the future , the market for a car like this from a huge name in the motoring industry would be phenomenal .
Lotus Evora 414E Hybrid Specifications
- To stay in the loop join our Facebook page or grab the RSS feed -
Lotus Evora 414E Hybrid Press Release
Introducing the Lotus Evora 414E Hybrid
The 80th International Geneva Motor Show sees Lotus Engineering unveil the Lotus Evora 414E Hybrid concept , a high performance technology demonstrator with a plug - in series hybrid drive system and new technologies for enhanced driver involvement .
The Lotus Evora 414E Hybrid , so - named because this latest environmentally - focused technology demonstrator from Lotus Engineering produces 414 PS ( 306 kW ) of power , promises breathtaking performance from a highly efficient propulsion system .
The concept showcases new developments in plug - in , range - extended electric propulsion , new electronic technologies to enhance driver involvement , the adaptability of the Lotus Versatile Vehicle Architecture ( VVA ) that underpins the Evora 414E Hybrid and a dramatic new roof system and interior concept from Lotus Design .
Through all of these aspects it ultimately demonstrates the exceptional ability of Lotus Engineering to integrate and develop advanced technologies for exciting , efficient , high performance niche vehicles .
The range extended electric drive of the Evora 414E Hybrid consists of two electric motors driving each of the rear wheels independently via single speed geartrain , integrated into a common transmission housing , thus enabling torque vectoring for stability control of the vehicle .
Electrical power is stored in a lithium polymer battery pack optimised for energy density , efficiency and high power demand , mounted in the centre of the vehicle for stability and safety .
Additional range is provided by the Lotus Range Extender engine , an optimised 1.2 litre , three - cylinder engine , designed specifically for series hybrid vehicles .
The drivetrain is designed to combine astonishing performance with efficient , low emissions driving .
Driver involvement is enhanced by the incorporation of HALOsonic Internal and External Electronic Sound Synthesis technologies from Lotus and Harman International , which provide sound contouring within the cabin and improve pedestrian safety outside the vehicle .
Integrated with the HALOsonic technology , the Evora 414E Hybrid also showcases a brand new technology from Lotus Engineering , a sports mode that simulates a 7 speed , paddle shift transmission that combines exceptional driver involvement for a hybrid sports car and optimised energy recuperation .
The Evora 414E Hybrid has been designed to highlight Lotus ’ innovative electric and hybrid vehicle technology without distracting from the pure sportscar character of the Evora .
The solution is innovative , instantly recognizable , beautiful and sporty .
It demonstrates Lotus DNA .
Dr Robert Hentschel , Director of Lotus Engineering said : “ Innovation has always been at the heart of Lotus and is needed now more than ever .
The Evora 414E Hybrid is the perfect demonstration of Lotus Engineering ’s core competencies : lightweight architectures , efficient performance , electrical and electronics integration and driving dynamics .
The technology demonstrator represents an encapsulation of the advanced technologies that Lotus Engineering continues to develop to overcome the current environmental challenges facing the automotive industry and showcases the future direction that the sector is taking and why Lotus Engineering is perfectly placed to lead the technological development in this area . ”
The Drivetrain
For the Lotus Evora 414E Hybrid , Lotus Engineering has developed a highly efficient , high performance drivetrain system consisting of twin motors each limited to providing 152 kW ( 207 PS / 204 hp ) of power and 400 Nm ( 295 lbft ) of torque to each wheel via independent , single speed , reduction transmissions integrated into a single housing , enabling torque vectoring dynamic control of the vehicle .
The vehicle energy storage system is made up of the latest Lithium Polymer battery chemistry providing 17 kWH energy storage capacity .
The battery pack is optimised for energy density , efficiency and high power demand , with over 100 kW discharge capability .
The Lotus Range Extender engine provides 35 kW ( 48 PS / 47 hp ) of power at 3,500 rpm via the integrated electrical generator and features an innovative architecture comprising an aluminium monoblock construction , integrating the cylinder block , cylinder head and exhaust manifold in one casting .
This results in reduced engine mass , assembly costs , package size and improved emissions and engine durability .
The engine uses an optimised two - valve , port - fuel injection combustion system to reduce cost and mass and can be operated on alcohol - based fuels and / or gasoline .
The generator converts mechanical energy to electrical energy to replenish the battery pack charge and provides additional vehicle range in a small light weight package .
The generator is also used as a motor to start the range extender engine .
The low mass of the range extender unit ( 85 kg ) and compact package makes it ideal for the series hybrid drivetrain in the Evora 414E Hybird .
All the operation and management of the range extender engine , the power management of the batteries and motor control are controlled by Lotus ’ electronic control units and software systems .
Full energy management of all the operating systems is the key to maximising performance and operation while minimising energy consumption and CO2 emissions .
For everyday commuting journeys , up to 35 miles can be travelled using battery power .
The battery can be charged overnight using a conventional domestic mains supply through a socket concealed by the rear number plate .
This permits the vehicle to operate with zero tailpipe emissions .
For longer journeys , exceeding the battery capacity , the highly efficient range extender engine is used as a generator to supply the motor with electrical power and top up the battery .
Lotus has used its own vehicle simulation tools to determine the size , capacity , power and performance of all the components in the drivetrain system to optimise the system operation .
Overall this is far more energy efficient , weight efficient and cost effective than fitting the vehicle with a larger and more expensive battery , which for the majority of short journeys is a redundant weight , which increases energy requirements .
With regard to the total lifetime CO2 emissions of the vehicle , including the energy required to manufacture and run it , the range extender solution has a lower overall CO2 footprint than a fully electric car of comparable performance and operating range running with a larger battery .
The Package
The Lotus Evora 414E Hybrid structure is the same award - winning , versatile vehicle architecture used on the Lotus Evora .
The low volume architecture was designed with the upmost flexibility in mind .
The Evora 414E Hybrid is a perfect example of how to integrate a compact packaged drivetrain , with excellent performance and range , while using this underpinning .
The complete chassis has remained unchanged from the Evora which maintains the structural integrity and strength performance of the original car .
The structure progresses the Lotus ‘ bonded and riveted ’ technology with new and unique extrusions and folded panels , whilst providing production build modularity and lower cost repairs .
The chassis has been designed for scalability so that it can be extended in width , length and height .
The strength and stiffness of the low volume VVA chassis can be modified cost effectively by varying the wall thickness of the extrusions , without altering the exterior dimensions .
The ability to lengthen or shorten extrusions with the option to tailor the chassis stiffness vastly increases the number of vehicles that can be developed from this vehicle architecture .
Driving Dynamics
The Lotus Evora 414E Hybrid offers exhilarating , all - round dynamic performance and takes advantage of Lotus developed torque vectoring dynamics .
Torque vectoring , which is the capacity to generate different torques at each of the driving wheels , is particularly suited to electric vehicles and significantly reduces the conflict between stability and response .
A key benefit of separate motors to drive each rear wheel individually is that this facilitates a much higher level of vehicle dynamics control .
Driving the wheels with different levels of torque can not only generate all the capabilities of a conventional ESP system using energy regeneration as opposed to brake application , but it can also actively drive each wheel forward at different rates , producing a turning moment at the rear of the vehicle in addition to the steering input .
This can be used to enhance low speed manoeuvrability and ease of parking but can also be used to produce a much greater level of straight line high speed stability .
Incorporating lateral sensors the system also provides stability control capabilities and levels of steering response normally only associated with heavy and expensive rear steer systems .
This can provide automatic correction of both understeer and oversteer characteristics .
In addition , the standard method to provide high speed stability of designing the rear wheels to toe - in is not required as the torque vectoring system automatically provides this stability control , with toe - in increasing rolling resistance , lowering fuel economy and increasing tyre wear .
Lotus ’ long history of active suspension control provides the core capability to develop this technology and provides extraordinary driving pleasure on the Evora 414E Hybrid .
Driver Interaction
The Evora 414E Hybrid provides less of a psychological step change for people familiar with high performance cars compared to other electric and hybrid sports cars .
The car has a simulated paddle shift gear change offering ultra quick gear changes reminiscent of a dual clutch transmission , while actually single speed .
This enhances the driver interaction with the vehicle and provides a driving experience similar to current internal combustion engine high performance sports cars .
The Evora 414E Hybrid uses a column mounted paddle shift to simulate the gear change and a synthesised engine sound changes frequency with virtual gear selection .
The drive torque is also modulated to simulate a physical feeling of a gearshift jolt .
The virtual gearshift simulation , like a conventional gearbox , is used to change the driving characteristics and response of the vehicle .
The most significant aspect that this offers the driver is the ability to control the vehicle deceleration by simulating engine braking through a virtual downshift in gears .
Unlike true engine braking , the Lotus system does not dissipate the energy of the moving vehicle through internal engine friction but uses the electric motors to regenerate the energy back into the battery .
While many electric and hybrid vehicles provide engine braking , this is generally at a fixed rate or preselected rate .
In some driving situations this can either be too aggressive , slowing the vehicle unnecessarily , or too light , requiring additional braking application .
The Lotus system effectively allows the driver to select the appropriate level of regeneration by simulating stepping down by one , two or even three gears .
The simulation of engine braking through both the gear noise change and the retardation of the vehicle is fully intuitive to a driver familiar with a conventional gearbox .
The simulated gearchange capability can be selected for greater driving involvement or switched off for more relaxed driving .
The Evora 414E Hybrid uses the Lotus Engineering and Harman International developed HALOsonic suite of noise solutions .
The first of which is Electronic Sound Synthesis .
This generates engine sounds inside the vehicle through the audio system where it provides an exciting sports sound in line with the brand and nature of the vehicle together with a high level of driver feedback in an intuitive manner .
In addition , it also generates sound on the outside of the vehicle through speakers mounted at the front and rear to provide a warning to increase pedestrian safety , which is especially important for electric and hybrid vehicles which can be difficult to hear at slower speeds .
There are four driver selectable engine sounds currently on the vehicle , two of which have been designed to have characteristics of a multi-cylinder conventional V6 and V12 engine .
There is also a futuristic sound and a combination of a conventional engine and a futuristic sound , enhancing the brand identity of the vehicle as a step forward in electric vehicle design .
The addition of this Lotus patented simulated gearshift concept not only provides for an exciting and involving driving experience that customers would expect from a Lotus , but also enhances the driver ’s control of the vehicle while providing the capability for more efficient operation through a greater use of energy regeneration .
The Design
The distinctive colour scheme and ‘ floating ’ roof have been carefully designed to accent the cars electric vehicle technology whilst complementing the iconic lines of the Evora .
Copper , a colour often associated with electrical systems , has been chosen for the car ’s exterior and interior .
A contemporary satin finish paint is complemented by electrical circuit inspired graphics that highlight the car ’s key feature lines and the unique glazed roof panel .
The newly extended glazed zone integrates seamlessly with the existing forms of the Evora whilst showcasing the key components behind the hybrid and electric vehicle technology .
The signature copper theme is consistently carried throughout the car from the dramatic seat stripes and instrument panel inserts to the copper callipers that nestle behind the carbon grey forged wheels .
Inside the cabin a sense of quality and richness has been created by carefully juxtaposing the different tactile qualities intrinsic to leather , Alcantara and metal .
The deaths of two young men in Scunthorpe last Monday that have been linked to the new " legal high " mephedrone ( colloquially known as plant food , meow meow , m- cat , or bubbles ) has raised a great deal of public concern and loud calls for it to be made illegal .
I support the government 's position that to rush into controlling mephedrone is premature , as previous claims of fatalities from this drug have turned out to be false alarms .
To make it illegal without proper evidence of harm would be wrong and might have unwanted consequences , such as a switch to more dangerous drugs or alcohol .
The European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction is reviewing the situation and will report in July .
The threat of new drugs being available via the internet emerged in Brain Science , Addiction and Drugs , the 2005 review from Foresight , the government 's future thinktank .
Recent years have seen the development of GBL , spice , BZP and now mephedrone , a short - acting stimulant with effects similar to amphetamine , though it is less well studied .
There was widespread use in Israel earlier in the decade but little evidence of immediate or enduring harm , though high doses are potentially dangerous especially if used with other drugs and alcohol .
Its use has increased greatly due to growing availability , and a legal status that means users do not run the risk of criminal convictions .
Criminalisation would allow police and customs officers to act on dealers though this will not be easy , and the risk is that young users will be an easier enforcement target .
Moreover there is the likelihood that new legal drugs will emerge to fill the void , just as mephedrone has with BZP , and that these may be more harmful .
What are the alternatives ?
One approach would be a new class in the Misuse of Drugs Act – the class D model , adopted in New Zealand to deal with BZP .
This is a holding category where drugs can be put before they are well understood : sales are limited to over - 18s ; the product is quality - controlled so users know what they are getting , at doses limited as far as possible to safe levels ; and it comes with health education messages .
Society can limit sales and collect data on use .
Manufacturers and shops that disobey these regulations are punished , and the young are protected , but not criminalised .
Last summer the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs , when under my chairmanship , suggested this approach in response to the growing use of spice and BZP .
It was rejected , they were both made class C , and possibly as a consequence young people began to turn to mephedrone .
Another approach that should seriously be considered is to make available testing facilities so that people can check what they have brought and so ensure as far as possible that they use appropriate doses and apply the best safety approaches .
Testing is used in the Netherlands and some Australian states , with seeming value in harm reduction .
The third is education : drugs are rarely intrinsically harmful if used in a safe way .
Many young people use the most popular legal high – alcohol – in a highly dangerous fashion .
Recent deaths from legal highs , particularly those of Hester Stewart and the Scunthorpe pair , occurred in the context of drinking .
Alcohol dissolves judgment of harms and encourages risky behaviours including drug taking .
Some drugs interact with alcohol to form more dangerous substances – for example , cocaine is converted to cocaethylene , which is more toxic to the heart .
Finally we need to understand the reasons why young people are so interested in highs – legal or otherwise .
Addressing the cause of drug use might help us better reduce its harms .
• A minor amendment was made to the penultimate paragraph of this article on 22 March 2010
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. auto safety regulators are turning to scientists from the NASA space and aeronautics agency for help analyzing Toyota electronic throttles to see if they are behind unintended acceleration , Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said .
A Toyota Motor Corp car is seen inside the environment testing chamber during a quality control demonstration at its headquarters in Toyota , central Japan , March 30 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Kim Kyung - Hoon
Separate from the work of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration scientists , LaHood said , experts from the National Academy of Sciences will lead a study of unintended acceleration across the auto industry , a broader issue raised by congressional lawmakers at recent hearings on Toyota Motor Corp .
“ We are determined to get to the bottom of unintended acceleration , ” LaHood said in an interview with Reuters ahead of the formal announcement on Tuesday .
The Transportation Department ’s National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ( NHTSA ) is just beginning its review of Toyota electronic throttles , which have come under heightened scrutiny following the recall of 8.5 million Toyota and Lexus vehicles over the past six months for unintended acceleration .
While the government and Toyota blame mechanical or equipment flaws for the problem , questions have been raised about whether NHTSA over the years adequately handled investigations into motorist and other complaints of possible electronic throttle problems .
The NHTSA review is to be completed by late summer , after which the highway traffic safety agency would then determine whether a formal investigation of Toyota throttles is warranted .
Such a probe would set in motion a process that could lead to a recall .
LaHood said the timetable would not likely change unless “ something very dramatic ” happened with the NASA work .
Other investigations dating to 2004 found no throttle defect , but the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration handled those cases internally .
Toyota , too , has asked an outside engineering consultant , Exponent , to review its throttles , and its preliminary findings have discovered no problems , underscoring Toyota ’s steadfast conclusion that its throttle systems are sound .
The Transportation Department inspector general is investigating NHTSA ’s and Toyota ’s handling of investigations into unintended acceleration .
LaHood said the department watchdog would also determine whether NHTSA has appropriate staffing and expertise to handle sophisticated investigations .
Nine NASA scientists would bring expertise in electronics , eletromagnetic interference , software integrity and complex problem solving to the Toyota review , Transportation Department officials said .
LaHood has maintained that NHTSA could handle the analysis itself , but said suggestions from lawmakers at congressional hearings prompted him to consider outside help .
“ We ’ve used them before .
We ’ve heard that they may have some influence , ” LaHood said of his decision to ask NASA to help .
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration has teamed with NASA in the past on studies of electronic stability control and airbags .
As part of the Toyota review , NHTSA has purchased the Lexus ES 350 once owned by a Tennessee woman whose testimony before Congress personalized allegations of unintended acceleration .
Rhonda Smith said the luxury sedan suddenly accelerated out of control for six miles while she was headed to Knoxville in October 2006 .
An NHTSA investigator could not find any problems and the subsequent owner drove the vehicle for 27,000 miles without any acceleration problems , transportation officials said .
Smith ’s vehicle was among the models included in a 2007 Toyota recall of 55,000 floor mats that was carried out several months after the alleged mishap .
Regulators and the company warned that loose mats could be jammed by the accelerator .
A second , much larger recall related to floor mats was conducted in October 2009 .
The broader industry review of unintended acceleration by the National Academy of Sciences ’ National Research Council is expected to take about 18 months .
The National Academy of Sciences , which receives most of its funding from the government , taps expertise from the scientific community and its studies and recommendations are peer reviewed .
NHTSA is also investigating whether Toyota met requirements for providing regulators with recall - related information in a timely way .
There is no timeframe for completion of that investigation .
But not everyone is convinced .
Alexandra Kitty , a commenter on the popular community blog MetaFilter where the games were discussed , wrote : " This would never work because people would actually look intense and interested in what they saw on the computer screen which would obviously give them away . "
The Trestles is a strip along the California coastline cherished by surfers and nature lovers alike , and its extreme popularity threatens the area with erosion , while also being a public safety hazard .
( You have to cross an active railroad to reach it . )
Constructing a secure and environmentally friendly walkway to the Trestles is the latest challenge of the Open Architecture Project , and Studio Wikitecture , the Second Life - based , wiki - powered architecture group , is submitting a collaborative design to the competition .
The group 's last Open Architecture submission , for a medical clinic in Nepal , won a " Founder 's Award " , garnering praise " for embracing a truly collaborative way of working using online crowd sourcing and Second Life as a way to create a highly participatory design approach . "
I can't wait to see what they innovate for this new project .
However , they need help completing it , particularly more space in Second Life to iterate the design .
Read more about the project and is needed for it here .
Image : openarchitecturenetwork.org
Medal of Honor is not a new name for shooter fans , but with the upcoming version the franchise is entering new territory .
It 's being moved into a modern setting as US forces tangle with hostiles in the hills of Afghanistan .
The single - player portion is being handled by EA Los Angeles , which has been in very close contact with the US armed forces to help craft a product that looks , sounds and feels authentic .
The multiplayer portion , which we do n't really know anything about yet , is being worked on over at DICE , the studio responsible for the Battlefield franchise .
Looking at that studio's track record of creating some of the most thrilling online shooter experiences around , then that has to mean good things , or so we all hope .
The focus of this preview is the campaign mode , a small portion of which was shown off during a recent demo session .
< b>Taking+out+enemy+patrols .</b>
< b> Fire+from+above .</b>
In the game you 'll be playing the role of a Tier 1 operator , an elite soldier that 's assigned only the most difficult and demanding missions .
This means you 're not wearing a uniform or anything like that .
Your job is to blend in .
You wo n't be alone , either , but part of a small squad of other Tier 1 operators running things on the ground in Afghanistan .
One of the themes of the game will be how the various levels of military command interact as missions play out .
EA LA was n't really talking about specifics , but it seems like you 'll be hearing from direct superiors and commanding officers back in the United States .
Whether this means there 'll be cut - scenes featuring a cast of characters or if it means you 'll be hearing their messages as they 're passed along through radio chatter is unclear at this point , but it 'll be interesting to see how it 's all pulled off .
Throughout the course of the game you 'll also switch between playable characters from level to level , presumably giving you more insight into the character of the operators on the ground .
The one mission shown off was set in a mountainous area of Afghanistan .
Your squad of operators weaved through rocky pathways on its way to disable an anti-aircraft gun and push on into enemy territory .
It was n't the type of experience where waves of enemies started pouring down from the mountains as soon as you were spotted , but instead focused initially on stealth and precision .
Chatter between soldiers was frequent but always brief and to the point .
Now , I 've never been out in a warzone on a top secret mission in Afghanistan so I can't really confirm that 's what really happens in the field , but it certainly felt realistic as I was watching it .
As the handful of soldiers crept up the side of a hill in low light conditions , one teammate would quietly call out enemy positions .
Two enemies standing on a hill , for instance , would be identified , and if you looked up you 'd see the patrol wandering a ridgeline .
It seems you wo n't have to do all the shooting in the game , since when you finally open fire to take one of them out , your squad will do the rest to ensure you can still proceed without alerting all hostile forces of your presence .
Creeping further up the hill brings the squad into contact with larger groups of hostiles .
One group carries a flashlight , so you need to wait a moment before proceeding forward and they swing the light away so you can get into position to fire .
A more interesting assault was on an enemy camp , with a number of hostiles posted up around a fire .
Your squad approached the position and took up hiding spots in a circle around the clearing before shooting , taking out every enemy in a matter of seconds .
After this point the action opened up a little more , as thundering sound effects indicated some kind of battle was happening just in the distance .
Moving over a ridge revealed a huge expanse of landscape stretching out below the hillside , above which a friendly plane was peppering ground targets below with gunfire .
Unfortunately , your enemy had set up a large anti-air gun on a ledge above your squad 's position .
It was your job to take it out .
The sense of scale here was particularly impressive , helped out by some great sound design as the gun pounded above and shots reverberated off the rock walls .
It lent a sense of energy and chaos to the situation that was so controlled just moments before as your squad fired through enemy patrols with surgical precision .
Once you start shooting up at the enemies near the gun the game seems to transition to a more familiar first - person shooter experience where you crouch behind cover to avoid shots and pop back up during lapses in enemy gunfire routines .
I did n't get to play so I can't really say how the shooting mechanics feel , but the encounter looked to be well - crafted , with your squad hustling through rocky paths on the way up to the plateau while picking off enemies along the way .
Once the area was clear , explosives were strapped to the AA gun and it was destroyed from a distance .
Your squad then moves into a village area built into ravine , but that 's right around where the demo ended .
One of the last things shown was the playable character being smashed with a gun in the side of the head as he rounded a corner , which triggered a cutscene .
Whether the game uses this type of thing to build character and reinforce the game 's personalities as it progresses remains to be seen .
From what I saw , the action looks to be intense , the sound design impressive , and the visuals , even though they 're still very much in development , looked to be pretty good .
Expect more about the single - player mode once we 're able to play , and more about the multiplayer component once it 's unveiled .
When the NASDAQ stock index hit its all - time high of 5,133 on March 10 , 2000 - having more than doubled in a year -- the now legendary dot - com bubble was already looking like a balloon strapped to the back of a porcupine .
A week later the NASDAQ had fallen 9 percent .
... A year later it was under 2,000 .
And the finger - pointing would last deep into the decade .
Since memories fade - especially memories of such an unpleasant nature - I 've assembled a few items from various archives that capture the essentials of what transpired - and what was thought about what transpired -- in the aftermath of this week 's high - water mark .
First the players :
A few of the names live on as poster children for failure , of course : Pets.com , Kozmo.com , MVP.com and Go.com , to cite but four from this list of " Top 10 Dot - Com Flops " by CNet .
And then there were the just plain too - stupid - for - words :
Flooz.com was a perfect example of a " what the heck were they thinking ? " business .
Pushed by Jumping Jack Flash star and perennial Hollywood Squares center square Whoopi Goldberg , Flooz was meant to be online currency that would serve as an alternative to credit cards .
After buying a certain amount of Flooz , you could then use it at a number of retail partners .
While the concept is similar to a merchant 's gift card , at least gift cards are tangible items that are backed by the merchant and not a third party .
It boggles the mind why anyone would rather use an " online currency " than an actual credit card , but that did n't stop Flooz from raising a staggering $ 35 million from investors and signing up retail giants such as Tower Records , Barnes & Noble , and Restoration Hardware .
If you 're curious as to how anyone could figure such a turkey would fly , here 's a lengthy 2008 interview with Flooz co-founder and CEO Robert Levitan .
( 2010's 25 Geekiest 25th Anniversaries )
And here 's a handy Dot -Com Bubble Timeline that makes clear there were remarkable and enduring successes during this period - Amazon , eBay , Craigslist , Yahoo , Google -- even if it would be insulting to call them dot-coms and their real fortunes had so many chasing empty dreams .
While everyone remembers Pets.com and the like , even now - established ( if struggling ) brands played key roles in a bubble that proved impervious to market checks and balances .
Here 's an excerpt from a New York Times column that recounts the curious case of 3Com and Palm :
There were striking examples of apparent overpricing of stocks in 2000 .
For example , in March of that year , 3Com sold a fraction of its holding of Palm ; it announced that by the end of the year it would disburse the rest of its holdings by giving 3Com shareholders 1.5 shares of Palm for each share of 3 Com they owned .
One would expect that 3Com shares would be worth at least 1.5 times the value of Palm shares .
But on the first day of trading after the announcement , Palm shares were worth $ 95.06 a share while 3Com shares fell to $ 81.81 .
The market was valuing the non-Palm part of 3 Com 's business at minus $ 63 .
This pricing anomaly was widely reported in the financial press .
The most likely explanation was that day traders and other overly optimistic investors bid up the price of Palm stock to excessive levels .
These traders were presumably unaware that they could acquire Palm indirectly by buying 3Com stock .
The apparent mispricing created a low - risk arbitrage opportunity .
A savvy investor could buy some 3 Com shares outright , borrow some Palm shares , sell them , and repay the borrowed Palm stock in a few months when 3Com issued the Palm shares .
Indeed , many investors did exactly that .
At one point , the number of Palm shares borrowed to sell short was 147 percent of the shares outstanding .
( The number could exceed 100 percent since shares could be borrowed only to be lent out again . )
Eight months after the bubble burst - at a time when the scope of the failure had become clear to most all - USA TODAY published an analysis headlined :
What detonated dot - bombs ?
It delved into a handful of " mistaken assumptions , " which , in retrospect , seem difficult to imagine as conventional wisdom :
It 's okay to sell products for less than what they cost you , because that will bring you lots of customers .
Internet - based companies are immune to economic cycles .
Internet companies can't spend too much on advertising .
Internet companies that carry no inventory are infinitely profitable .
Yet even then there were holdouts hiding deep in dot - com caves , witness this extraordinary claim from a principal in Pets.com :
( Spokesman John ) Cummings does n't blame the failure of Pets.com on the business model .
Impatient investors did the company in , he says , because they were n't willing to invest the additional money needed to break even .
" Not all companies are profitable in 14 months , " he says .
Not everyone had guzzled the Kool - Aid , of course , with Warren Buffet having been a most prominent dot - com doubter .
A year after that stock - market high , Buffet told BBC News :
" After a heady experience of that kind , " normally sensible people drift into behavior akin to that of Cinderella at the ball .
They know that overstaying the festivities ... will eventually bring on pumpkins and mice . "
In other words , March 10 , 2000 was the day the NASDAQ struck midnight .
International security organisations have updated and restructured a list of 25 common programming errors that cause security vulnerabilities and expose software users to cyber attack .
The US - funded collaboration project , which is managed by the Mitre and Sans Institute and brings together security experts from more than 30 global organisations , first compiled its list of 25 risky coding practices in January 2009 .
The structure of the list has been modified to make it easier to use by distinguishing mitigations and general secure programming principles from more concrete weaknesses , the organisations said .
This year 's top 25 entries are prioritised using inputs from more than 20 organisations , which evaluated each weakness based on prevalence and importance .
Cross - site scripting tops the list , which aims to help businesses improve their software procurement by requiring code to be free of these errors .
The goal is to force suppliers to test the security of their software and to provide customers with their test results .
No one likes to share test results that show them writing bad code , said Alan Paller , director of research at the Sans Institute .
New York State is changing its procurement language to ensure that the top 25 errors are avoided , with other states expected to follow .
The integrity of hardware and software products is a critical element of cybersecurity , the Office of the Director of US National Intelligence said .
Creating more secure software is a fundamental aspect of system and network security and the top 25 programming errors initiative is an important component of an overall security initiative for our country , it said .
" We applaud this effort and encourage the utility of this tool through other venues such as cyber education , " it said .
Top 25 coding errors
Failure to preserve web page structure ( ' cross - site scripting ' )
Improper sanitisation of special elements used in an sql command ( ' SQL injection ' )
Buffer copy without checking size of input ( ' classic buffer overflow ' )
Cross - site request forgery ( CSRF )
Improper access control ( authorisation )
Reliance on untrusted inputs in a security decision
Improper limitation of a pathname to a restricted directory ( ' path traversal ' )
Unrestricted upload of file with dangerous type
Improper sanitisation of special elements used in an OS command ( ' OS command injection ' )
Missing encryption of sensitive data
Use of hard - coded credentials
Buffer access with incorrect length value
Improper control of filename for include / require statement in PHP program ( ' PHP file inclusion ' )
Improper validation of array index
Improper check for unusual or exceptional conditions
Information exposure through an error message
Integer overflow or wraparound
Incorrect calculation of buffer size
Missing authentication for critical function
Download of code without integrity check
Incorrect permission assignment for critical resource
Allocation of resources without limits or throttling
URL redirection to untrusted site ( ' open redirect ' )
Use of a broken or risky cryptographic algorithm
Race condition
Explanation and advice about the errors >>
( CNN ) --
The father of a Marine whose funeral was picketed by the Westboro Baptist Church says an order to pay the protesters ' legal costs in a civil claim is nothing less than a " slap in the face . "
" By the court making this decision , they 're not only telling me that they 're taking their side , but I have to pay them money to do this to more soldiers and their families , " said Albert Snyder , whose son , Lance Cpl. Matthew Snyder , was killed in action in Iraq in 2006 .
Members of the fundamentalist church based in Topeka , Kansas , appeared outside Snyder 's funeral in 2006 in Westminster , Maryland , carrying signs reading " You 're going to hell , " " God hates you " and " Thank God for dead soldiers . "
Among the teachings of the church , which was founded in 1955 by pastor Fred Phelps , is the belief that God is punishing the United States for " the sin of homosexuality " through events such as soldiers ' deaths .
Margie Phelps , the daughter of Fred Phelps and the attorney representing the church in its appeals , also said the money that the church receives from Snyder will be used to finance demonstrations .
But she also said that the order was a consequence of his decision to sue the church over the demonstration .
" Mr. Snyder and his attorneys have engaged the legal system ; there are some rules to that legal engagement , " said Phelps , a member of Westboro who says she has participated in more than 150 protests of military funerals .
" They wanted to shut down the picketing so now they 're going to finance it , " she said .
The 4th Circuit Court of Appeals on Friday ordered that Snyder pay more than $ 16,000 in costs requested by Westboro for copies of motions , briefs and appendices , according to court documents .
In a motion filed in October , Snyder 's lawyer , who is representing him for free , asked the court to dismiss the bill of costs , or , alternatively , reduce the 50 - cent fee per page or charge Snyder only for copies that were necessary to make their arguments on appeal .
" We objected based upon ability to pay and the fairness of the situation , " Sean Summers said .
The mostly pro-forma ruling is the latest chapter in an ongoing legal saga that pits privacy rights of grieving families against the free speech rights of demonstrators , however disturbing and provocative their message .
Snyder 's family sued the church and went to trial in 2007 alleging privacy invasion , intentional infliction of emotional distress and civil conspiracy .
A jury awarded the family $ 2.9 million in compensatory damages plus $ 8 million in punitive damages , which were reduced to $ 5 million .
Westboro in 2008 appealed the case to the 4th District , which reversed the judgments a year later , siding with the church 's claims that its First Amendment rights had been violated .
" The protest was confined to a public area under supervision and regulation of local law enforcement and did not disrupt the church service , " the circuit court opinion said .
" Although reasonable people may disagree about the appropriateness of the Phelps ' protest , this conduct simply does not satisfy the heavy burden required for the tort of intentional infliction of emotional distress under Maryland law . "
The U.S. Supreme Court has agreed to hear the case to address issues of laws designed to protect the " sanctity and dignity of memorial and funeral services " as well as the privacy of family and friends of the deceased .
The justices will be asked to address how far states and private entities such as cemeteries and churches can go to justify picket - free zones and the use of " floating buffers " to silence or restrict speech or movements of demonstrators exercising their constitutional rights in a funeral setting .
Both Phelps and Snyder 's attorney said they were surprised that the 4th District chose to weigh in on the issue of legal costs when they could have waited until after the Supreme Court hearing .
Phelps believes the ruling bodes well for her side .
" It is a good harbinger of the fact that the Supreme Court will remind this nation that you do n't have mob rule .
The fact that so many people hate these words does not mean you can silence or penalize them .
That 's supposed to be the great liberty that we congratulate ourselves on protecting in this nation .
We strut all around the world forcing people to give all the liberties we supposedly have , " she said .
Phelps anticipated that a Supreme Court ruling in the church 's favor would be unpopular , but she said Westboro 's members viewed the potential outcome in Biblical terms .
" When the Supreme Court unanimously upholds the 4th Circuit , it 's going to put this country in a rage , and we will be expelled , " she said .
" But whenever it was time for an epic event in the Bible , the thing that happened right before is the prophets were removed from the land , and that 's what 's going to happen to us .
...
We 're going to sprint to the end of this race . "
Snyder claims he is unable to pay any legal costs in the case and is attempting to raise funds on his son's site , http://www.matthewsnyder.org/.
He is equally optimistic that he will prevail before the Supreme Court .
" The American people keep my spirits lifted a lot and give me hope .
I think most of the country is on my side on this issue , " he said .
" Too many people have died to protect our rights and freedoms to have them degraded and spit upon like this church does . "
CNN 's Bill Mears contributed to this report .
Get the Bill Murray Story neck gaiter and mug .
We know that there 's a whole spectrum of different wavelengths of light beyond the puny band of visible light we humans can see .
And we knew that some animals , like certain species of fish and birds , have vision that extended beyond ours into wavelengths like ultraviolet .
But a new study in Current Biology demonstrates that not only can damselfish see in UV , but that they can discern specific patterns in UV light , which is much more than we ever gave them credit for .
The findings are the first to show an animal " that is able to discriminate between fine - scale UV patterns using only their short - wavelength receptors ( UV cones ) , " the researchers wrote in their study .
These fish seem to use the UV cues to distinguish their own from other similar - looking species [ Scientific American ]
.
Prior to this , many researchers thought the fish 's UV vision just allowed them to detect the presence of UV light , and was n't refined enough to detect any kind of patterns .
The team , led by Ulrike Siebeck , made the find by studying two species of damselfish , Ambon and lemon , which have different UV sensitive markings on their faces .
When the two species were put together , most of the males Ambons would defend their territory by attacking other male Ambons , but would n't pay much attention to their lemon cousins .
However ,
when the experiment was run with UV filters so the fish could n't see the UV facial patterns , this same preference for attacking kin was n't found [ LiveScience ]
.
Without the UV markings , the scientists propose , perhaps the Ambon damselfish could n't easily tell the nearly identical lemon damselfish apart from its own species .
While both these species of damselfish see in UV ,
plenty of their major predators , such as wrasses and cod , typically can ’t , Siebeck says .
So she argues that damselfish could use their spots to send a covert message [ Science News ]
. UV light also scatters in water more than visible light , so even if predators could see in UV , it would n't do them much good from afar .
Thus , these UV face markings could be a clever way for the fish to send bright signals to potential mates or rivals without attracting unwanted attention .
Related Content : 80 beats : Male Cleaner Fish Punish Females Who Piss Off the Boss Fish 80 beats : DNA Scanner Proves That NYC Sushi Contains Endangered Bluefin Tuna Discoblog : Was This Fish the Inspiration for Alien ?
DISCOVER : The Most Important Fish in the Sea DISCOVER : 8 Marine Creatures That Light Up the SeaImage : U. Siebeck et al. / Current Biology 2010
Ab belts look like the latest exercise trend .
That ’s not a good description , though , because users do n’t do any exercise .
The ab belt does all the work .
As far as ab belts go , there are several brands on the market .
Some ads promote the ab belts for toning , some for strength and some for endurance .
There are similar features with some ab belts and most of them are in the same price range of around 200 bucks .
Sounds expensive ?
If it does what it claims to do , most people would gladly pay that much to have great contour abs to show off .
It looks like one big difference in the brands of ab belts is the time and money invested in the design of the product .
Some companies have a certain business philosophy that seems more credible than others .
If a company rushes through the design and sinks money into advertising , you could end of with a cheaply made ab belt .
If the mini -computer device is n’t solid , sooner or later the consumer will have problems or , at the very least , not get good results .
So , it ’s up to each person to do the research to figure out the best product match .
Just the whole idea that wearing an ab belt can tone abs seems too good to be true , but many people who use these ab belts swear by the results .
unrated admin 2010-08-30 13:03:45
Ab belts look like the latest exercise trend .
That ’s not a good description , though , because users do n’t do any exercise .
The ab belt does all th…
Support Harvard Workers : Calling All Anarchists
Come out to demand " No Layoffs ! " at the world 's richest university
The Boston Anti-Authoritarian Movement is calling on our friends and comrades to join us at the rally for Harvard Workers , March 25 , 5 pm at the Holyoke Center , a Harvard Administration Building ( 1350 Mass .
Ave , next to Au Bon Pain , steps from the Harvard T ) .
This action is a part of an ongoing No Layoffs Campaign launched this summer , organized by various militant members of the Harvard unions .
Anarchists have participated in the No Layoffs Campaign since the beginning , and have a good relationship with the campaign 's organizers , who have asked us to come out in full force , and to bring out our colors .
Calling all Anti-Authoritarians and Anarchists :
The Boston Anti-Authoritarian Movement is calling on our friends and comrades to join us at the rally for Harvard Workers , March 25 , 5 pm at the Holyoke Center , a Harvard Administration Building ( 1350 Mass .
Ave , next to Au Bon Pain , steps from the Harvard T ) .
This action is a part of an ongoing No Layoffs Campaign launched this summer , organized by various militant members of the Harvard unions .
Anarchists have participated in the No Layoffs Campaign since the beginning , and have a good relationship with the campaign 's organizers , who have asked us to come out in full force , and to bring out our colors .
Thus , we are calling for anti-authoritarians to come and walk the picket line with us .
Bring your black flags , and wear your bandanas around your necks ( please ) .
These events have been peaceful so far , there is no need to dress in black bloc , but a clear demonstration that anti-authoritarians support the Harvard workers will send a nice message to the Harvard Corporation .
We want to scare Harvard , not its workers .
Another suggestion is to wear the clothes you 'd wear to work ; a small attempt to demystify ourselves in the eyes of our fellow workers ( but really , wear what you want ) .
BAAM will also bring fliers about why anarchists support Harvard workers against their management , which we can give to our fellow workers on the picket line to explain why we have the flags and whatnot .
As for targeting passers - by with information about our ideas and our groups , in Harvard Square , that 's just a waste of time .
 The No Layoffs Campaign is sticking to our clear demands :
No layoffs , no furloughs , rehire the laid - off workers ... Last year Harvard laid off hundreds of employees .
Between the layoffs , and an early retirement offer made amid constant threats of job cuts , there are now 340 fewer workers in clerical union jobs than there were last year .
Outsourced custodians have also been pushed out of their jobs .
Dining service workers recently endured a January with virtually no salary or any unemployment benefits .
Clerical workers face mandatory furloughs and the conversion of full - year positions into seasonal  jobs , meaning summers off without pay , or any ability to collect unemployment .
With a still - massive endowment of $ 26 billion , Harvard does not need to make these hurtful cuts !
Union activists call on Harvard to open its books and try to prove they are necessary .
Recently five union members in the Sackler Museum were told they will be laid off July 1 .
This may be Harvard testing the waters to see if they can impose another mass layoff .
Campus workers will not accept the loss of more union jobs !
More info about No Layoffs Campaign : http://harvardnolayoffs.blogspot.com/
and
http://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=731580069&ref=mf#!/event.php?eid=333146782863&ref=mf
More about BAAM : printable version with comments
Oh boy , am I happy to hear this :
A pro-choice , pro-healthcare reform woman running against Bart Stupak .
Ca n't wait until she gets her fundraising page up :
WASHINGTON – Michigan ’s Bart Stupak , a Democratic congressman who could help bring down health care reform over an abortion provision , is getting a primary challenge this year .
Connie Saltonstall of Charlevoix said today she plans to run against Stupak for the Democratic nomination of Michigan ’s First Congressional District , citing Stupak ’s efforts to stop health care reform if it does n’t ban use of government money for abortions .
Stupak , a former state trooper from Menominee , has held the seat since 1993 .
This year and last , Stupak has made a name for himself as a thorn in the side of some congressional Democrats pushing legislation for health care reform .
While largely supportive of those efforts , he successfully attached an amendment last fall to ban use of federal funds to help pay for abortions .
“ I believe that he has a right to his personal , religious views , but to deprive his constituents of needed health care reform because of those views is reprehensible , ” said Saltonstall in a statement .
CAMP LEATHERNECK , Afghanistan — When the Marines cry " Havoc ! " and let slip the dogs of war , one remains in his kennel .
Quivering .
Out of the 58 bomb - sniffing dogs the Marines have in Afghanistan , only one — a brown - eyed , floppy - eared yellow Lab named Gunner — is suffering from such severe canine post - traumatic stress disorder that he had to sit out the ongoing offensive in central Helmand Province .
" He 's the only combat - ineffective dog out here , " says his kennel chief , Cpl. Chad McCoy .
Like their human comrades , some war dogs can handle combat , and some can't .
One Marine Corps explosives dog , a black Lab named Daisy , has found 13 hidden bombs since arriving in Afghanistan in October .
Zoom , another Lab , refused to associate with the Marines after seeing one serviceman shoot a feral Afghan dog .
Only after weeks of retraining , hours of playing with a reindeer squeaky toy and a gusher of good - boy praise was Zoom willing to go back to work .
" With some Marines , PTSD can be from one terrible event , or a cumulative effect , " says Maj .
Rob McLellan , 33 - year - old operations officer of the 2nd Combat Engineer Battalion , who trains duck - hunting dogs back home in Green Bay , Wis .
Likewise , he says , the stress sometimes " weighs a dog down to the point where the dog just snaps . "
Confession : Devan and I do n't think LOL Cats are funny .
Devan says she does n't like the implication that cats have poor grammar .
If our cat Macie were to speak , it would certainly be the Queen 's English .
The funny part to me is most people on the net have worse grammar than your average LOL Cat .
I mean , YouTube comments ?
Talk about a linguistic wasteland .
An elephant in an Australian zoo has shocked vets by giving birth to a live elephant calf which zoo - keepers believed had died in the womb .
Experts had said the survival of the baby elephant after six days of labour would be " a miracle " .
But the male calf was delivered showing signs of life on Wednesday morning and , by the afternoon , took its first steps .
COLUMBUS , Ohio – Hundreds showed up at what was supposed to be a right - wing attack on Congresswoman Mary Jo Kilroy ’s office here yesterday .
The event , however , proved to be much different from what the “ teabaggers ” announced and had planned .
Dueling demonstrations , each with around 200-300 folks , lined Olentangy River Road , the “ teabaggers ” attacking Kilroy for her strong support of health care reform , and an equal or greater force of people there supporting her stand .
“ We just had to come out and stand with Mary Jo , ” said Tim Ely , a business agent for the Pipefitter ’s Union .
“ She ’s stood up for us in the legislature , and I ’m just sick and tired of these right - wing thugs lying about health care and going around intimidating people .
That crap ’s going to stop , now ! ”
Chants of “ Pass it Now , ” “ People ’s Needs , not Corporate Greed ” and “ Health Care , not Warfare ” echoed against the building that houses Rep.
Kilroy ’s office , and cars honked , responding to signs reading , “ Honk to support Health Care Reform ! ”
Many of the signs were hand - printed , many carried by people who have had to fight insurance companies as well as diseases .
On the “ teabagger ” side , the mood was much different .
Chants and signs called on Kilroy to “ Kill the Bill , ” but the undercurrent was extreme levels of anger , paranoia and frustration .
Dave Hysell , who described himself as “ a proud American , ” stated that he was there “ because the government lies . ”
“ They made the swine flu virus , ” he said , “ but did n’t make enough vaccine for the seniors .
They ’re trying to kill off the seniors . ”
Nearby , a woman named Mary volunteered that “ they have secret committees in place to decide who they can kill off . ”
Asked how she ’d know about them if they ’re secret , she said , “ Oh , we have ways , we can find out . ”
Chris Grant , with the right - wing group , said that he opposed the proposed reform for two reasons .
“ ” First , he said , ” it ’s going raise taxes , and I ’m against all taxes , and , second , the bill eliminates choice . ”
On the pro-reform side , there was more of a festive atmosphere .
People seemed happy , and especially encouraged , at the big turnout to support Rep. Kilroy and oppose the “ teabaggers . ”
Faith Van Horne , a local artist , spoke about her concerns .
“ I ’m really happy to see all the people here , ” she said .
“ I ’m just so sick of the lies they ’re telling about health care reform . ”
While a police line separated the demonstrations , “ teabaggers ” yelled “ Whore ” and “ Bitch ” at women demonstrators and seemed anxious to create confrontations .
A group of three “ teabaggers ” came across to the progressive side , standing behind folks , attempting to confront them .
When Diane Smith approached the men , stating that she had M.S. and could not get insurance , one of the right - wingers just laughed at her , saying , “ You ’ve got health care , just go to the emergency room ! ”
“ They are just disgusting , ” said Jeff St. Clair , who was there “ because my wife has five incurable diseases and cannot get insurance coverage . ”
He explained that his family was able to get some help from the MS Society , “ But , ” he stated strongly , “ we have a rich county .
We should have health care coverage for everyone , with dignity !
If every other nation can do it , we certainly can , as well ! ”
Norm Wernet , Ohio director for the Alliance of Retired Americans , was struck by how many “ teabaggers ” held signs about keeping Medicare free of “ government control . ”
“ It ’s such a shame that people are n’t getting the facts , that these right - wingers put out so many lies , ” he said .
“ This health care reform bill will SAVE Medicare !
Bush put private companies into Medicare and we are paying them 17 percent MORE than the norm .
This bill will cut those funds and put Medicare on much stronger footing .
We need this bill to save Medicare ” ( which , he noted with a grin , is , of course , a single - payer government - run program that runs pretty darn well ! ) .
Leaving the rally , we heard that Rep. Kilroy said she would proudly continue to support health care reform .
Today , we learned that her fellow Ohio Rep. Dennis Kucinich , who ’d previously stated his opposition to the present reform bill , announced he ’d also vote YES !
“ I have doubts about this bill .
This is not the bill I wanted to support , ” the congressman said .
“ However , after careful discussions with President Obama , Speaker Pelosi , my wife Elisabeth and close friends I have decided to cast a vote in favor of the legislation .
If my
vote is to be counted , let it count now . ”
To see a video of the Columbus demonstration , including tea party people yelling at a man who said he had Parkinson ’s disease – one man yelled , “ If you ’re looking for a handout you ’re in the wrong end of town , ” one man yelled at him .
“ Nothing for free over here , you have to work for everything you get , ” another threw dollar bills at him – check out Raw Story .
Photos :
Top , page shot from Raw Story ; bottom is courtesy of Norm Wernet / ARA
This story was updated on Nov. 12 , 2010 , correcting a wrongly attributed quotation .
In the mammalian brain , many thousands of single - neuron recording studies have been performed but less than 10 single - cell stimulation studies .
This paucity of single - cell stimulation data reflects a lack of easily applicable single - cell stimulation techniques .
We provide a detailed description of the procedures involved in nanostimulation , a single - cell stimulation method derived from the juxtacellular labeling technique .
Nanostimulation is easy to apply and can be directed to a wide variety of identifiable neurons in anesthetized and awake animals .
We describe the recording approach and the parameters of the electric configuration underlying nanostimulation .
We use glass pipettes with a DC resistance of 4 –7 MΩ .
Obtaining the juxtacellular configuration requires a close contact between pipette tip and neuron and is associated with a several - fold increase in resistance to values ≥ 20 MΩ .
The recorded action potential ( AP ) amplitude grows to ≥ 2 mV , and neurons can be activated with currents in the nanoampere range — hence the term nanostimulation .
While exact AP timing has not been achieved , AP frequency and AP number can be parametrically controlled .
We demonstrate that nanostimulation can also be used to selectively inhibit sensory responses in identifiable neurons .
Nanostimulation is biophysically similar to electroporation , and based on this assumption , we argue that nanostimulation operates on membranes in the micrometer area directly below the pipette tip , where membrane pores are induced by high transmembrane voltage .
There is strong evidence to suggest that nanostimulation selectively activates single neurons and that the evoked effects are cell - specific .
Nanostimulation therefore holds great potential for elucidating how single neurons contribute to behavior .
INTRODUCTION
To establish causal relationships between neuronal activity and behavior , it is necessary to manipulate the occurrence of action potentials ( APs ) in neurons .
The first neural stimulation tools consisted of electrodes placed onto the surface of the brain ( Fritsch and Hitzig 1870 ; Penfield and Boldery 1937 ) , which allowed currents in the milliampere range to activate cortical tissue and thereby initiate movements or elicit sensory percepts depending on the location of the electrode .
The subsequent development of the microstimulation technique ( Asanuma and Sakata 1967 ) , in which a fine metal wire with a small - diameter tip is inserted into the brain , enabled a more precise spatial control of neural activation with currents in the microampere range .
This technique has been particularly successful in establishing that activation of local neuronal populations leads to movements ( Asanuma 1989 ) or artificial sensory percepts ( Bartlett and Doty 1980 ; Butovas and Schwarz 2007 ; Murphey and Maunsell 2007 ; Romo et al .
1998 ; Schmidt et al. 1996 ; Tehovnik et al. 2003 ) that can even influence sensory decisions ( Afraz et al. 2006 ; Salzman et al. 1990 ) .
However , these findings have been difficult to interpret at the level of individual neurons because microstimulation does not allow identification and quantification of the stimulated cellular elements ( Tehovnik 1996 ) .
These shortcomings can be overcome in single - cell stimulation experiments ( Brecht et al. 2004 ) .
Although single - cell stimulation is a conceptually and experimentally attractive approach , single - cell stimulation has so far been applied only in a relatively small number of studies .
The reasons for this are probably related to the mass action views of neural processing ( Shadlen and Newsome 1998 ) which predict a negligible effect of single - neuron activity .
Two novel developments , however , have provided evidence for the idea that — at least in some circumstances — the brain computes with small but powerful sets of neurons .
First , it has become clear that neural activity is more sparse than previously anticipated ( Brecht et al .
2005 ; Greenberg et al. 2008 ; Olshausen and Field 2004 ) .
Second , recent single - cell stimulation studies have demonstrated an effect of single - neuron activity on movement ( Brecht et al. 2004 ; Herfst and Brecht 2008 ) , sensations ( Houweling and Brecht 2008 ) , and brain state ( Li et al. 2009 ) .
Stimulation of identified single neurons has only become possible with the application of intracellular and whole cell recording techniques to the anesthetized animal , but such recordings are difficult to obtain in the awake animal ( Crochet and Petersen 2006 ; Lee et al .
2006 ; Margrie et al. 2002 ; Steriade et al. 2001 ) .
In vivo whole cell recordings are also typically limited to relatively few recording sessions for a given cortical area due to the deterioration of the exposure after dura removal .
As an alternative to intracellular stimulation approaches , juxtacellular stimulation has been used in a variety of studies ( Andrew and Fagan 1990 ; Brons et al .
1982 ; Cruikshank and Weinberger 1996 ; Fregnac et al.
1988 , 1992 ; Lavallee and Deschenes 2004 ) .
Here we characterize this stimulation technique , which is also termed nanostimulation because of the nanoampere - range stimulation currents .
Nanostimulation allows addition and subtraction of APs in single identifiable neurons of awake ( Houweling and Brecht 2008 ; Voigt et al. 2008 ) and anesthetized animals ( Herfst and Brecht 2008 ) .
METHODS
We used standard surgical and electrophysiological techniques to prepare animals ( Wistar rats , ∼ P35 at the day of surgery ) for chronic , head - fixed recording of the barrel cortex ( P3 mm , L5 mm relative to bregma ) ( Margrie et al. 2002 ) .
For acute experiments , animals ( n = 16 ) were anesthetized with urethane ( 1.5 –2.0 g/kg ip ) .
Glass pipettes for nanostimulation were filled either with intracellular solution containing ( in mM ) 135 K - gluconate , 10 HEPES , 10 Na 2 - phosphocreatine , 4 KCl , 4 MgATP , and 0.3 Na 3 GTP ( pH 7.2 ) or Ringer solution containing 135 NaCl , 5.4 KCl , 5 HEPES , 1.8 CaCl 2 , and 1 MgCl 2 ( pH 7.2 ) .
The juxtacellular signal was amplified and low - pass filtered at 3 kHz by a patch - clamp amplifier ( Dagan , Minneapolis , MN ) and sampled at 10 or 25 kHz by a Power1401 data - acquisition interface under the control of Spike2 software ( CED , Cambridge , UK ) .
Because nanostimulation elicits large DC shifts in the potential recorded during current injections , a digital DC remove filter was applied on - line ( which subtracts at each point in time the average potential within Δt = ± 1 ms ) to allow monitoring of evoked APs .
Series resistance and capacitance were not compensated .
All experimental procedures were performed according to Dutch and German guidelines on animal welfare under the supervision of local ethics committees .
RESULTS
Recording approach
Nanostimulation is based on a commonly used procedure to stain individual neurons recorded extracellularly in vivo ( Pinault 1996 ) .
Using glass pipettes , Pinault showed that dyes such as biocytin enter a neuron if the pipette is close enough to fire the cell during alternating on - off 200 - ms current injections of a few nanoampere .
To establish the juxtacellular configuration required for nanostimulation , we use the following procedure .
Neurons are searched for blindly using a glass whole cell recording pipette ( typical resistance : 4 –7 MΩ ) while monitoring the pipette resistance using 1 - nA current pulses ( Fig. 1A , search ) .
Once the resistance reaches a certain level ( typically ≥ 20 MΩ ) , the search pulse is switched off to check for the presence of APs indicating contact with a neuron .
If APs remain < 2 mV over a period of a few minutes , we move the pipette in small steps ( 2.5 μm ) toward the neuron until the amplitude reaches ≥ 2 mV ( Fig. 1A , approach ) .
An attempt is then made to make the neuron fire short trains of APs by brief ( 200 ms ) positive current injections of increasing strengths ( Fig. 1A , entrainment ) .
Special care is taken to avoid signs of damage to the neuron ( hyperpolarization shifts , AP broadening , strong reduction of AP amplitude during the current injection , or an increase in spontaneous activity ) , which may occur with current injections beyond those that elicit a maximum firing rate .
Because nanostimulation elicits large DC shifts in the juxtacellular potential during current injections , a high - pass filter is applied to the recording to monitor the modulation of AP firing .
If the neuron cannot be entrained , the pipette is advanced a few steps , and the entrainment procedure is repeated .
If entrainment fails or the neuron is lost , the same pipette can be used to search for a new cell .
Typical nanostimulation currents needed to modulate neuronal AP firing range between 3 and 30 nA .
On average , 8.8 ± 5.6 ( SD ) nA is required to fire 8 – 12 APs in barrel cortical neurons ( Fig. 1B ) .
The large DC potential shifts ( and their equivalent transients in the high - pass filtered traces , indicated by triangles in Fig. 1A ) complicate the detection of spikes for a brief period of 1 – 2 ms at the onset and offset of current injections and may result in a small underestimate of the total number of elicited APs ( ∼1 –2 % for 200 - ms current injections ) .
There is an inverse relationship between the juxtacellular circuit resistance ( total resistance measured by current injections R total – pipette resistance in the bath R pipette ) and the amount of current required to elicit a fixed number of APs ( Fig. 1B ) .
This inverse relationship is predicted by the juxtacellular circuit diagram ( Perkins 2006 ) , from which it follows that the fraction of injected current that enters the cell equals ( R total − R pipette ) / ( R patch + R cell ) , where R cell is the input resistance of the cell and R patch the resistance of the small membrane patch directly underlying the tip of the pipette .
There is also a negative correlation of spike height with the amount of current needed to elicit APs ( Fig. 1C ) .
This latter dependence is surprising as there was no significant relationship between spike height and circuit resistance ( r = 0.26 , P = 0.31 , t- test ) .
Fig. 1.Nanostimulation procedure .
A : nanostimulation procedure illustrated in a barrel cortical neuron recorded in the awake head - fixed animal .
Top : the juxtacellular potential ( “ search ” phase ) , which is high - pass filtered during “ approach ” and “ entrainment ” to monitor action potential ( AP ) firing ; bottom , current injection .
During entrainment 200 - ms current injections are repeated once every 5 s. Triangles indicate stimulation artifacts .
B : relationship between total resistance of the juxtacellular circuit ( R total − R pipette ) and current intensity required to fire 8 – 12 APs in a series of experiments in the anesthetized animal ( n = 17 cells ) .
The black superimposed curve represents the theoretically expected relationship y = c/x , where c is a constant which was fitted to the data .
C : relationship between AP height and average current intensity applied in barrel cortical neurons ( n = 59 ) recorded in the awake behaving animal during a single - cell stimulation detection task ( Houweling and Brecht 2008 ) .
In our view , perhaps the most important advantage of nanostimulation is that this technique is very easy to apply to a variety of preparations and neurons .
Figure 2A illustrates our experimental setup for nanostimulation in the brain of chronically prepared animals .
Much like tungsten microelectrodes , nanostimulation pipettes can be advanced through the intact dura ( Fig. 2B ) .
The robustness of nanostimulation pipettes against minor mechanical obstacles like the dura and brain surface contaminations ( as they typically occur in chronic preparations ) is very different from in vivo whole cell recordings or sharp microelectrode recordings , which are greatly affected by such obstacles .
As a consequence it is easy to target deep brain structures with nanostimulation pipettes — we never had a situation in which pipettes would break or irreversibly occlude in such experiments .
Deep penetrations will result in damage to the overlying brain structures , and for these applications , it is useful to pull pipettes with long thin shanks .
We have been able to apply nanostimulation to hundreds of neurons in widely different brain regions including the barrel cortex ( Fig. 2C , in this case , a spiny stellate cell , one of the smallest cortical neurons ) , the thalamus ( D ) , and the facial nucleus ( E ) , which contains some of the largest neurons in the mammalian brain .
Fig. 2 .Nanostimulation setup and examples from different brain regions .
A : schematic ( top view ) of rat head with recording cylinder and head fixation post .
B : schematic ( side view ) of the brain exposure and nanostimulation pipette in a chronically prepared animal .
Nanostimulation examples from barrel cortex ( C ) , thalamus ( D ) , and facial nucleus ( E ) .
Reconstructed neurons are shown below the respective voltage traces .
We assessed the stability of the nanostimulation configuration by quantifying the durations of nanostimulation sessions on 79 cells recorded in the barrel cortex of awake animals involved in a detection task ( n = 8 , unpublished data ) .
For all these sessions , a minimal number of each of several stimulation trial types had been presented satisfying an inclusion criterion for behavioral analysis ( Houweling and Brecht 2008 ) .
In this data set recording durations ( i.e. , elapsed time between 1st and last effective nanostimulation trial ) ranged between 5 and 86 min with an average duration of 22 ± 17 ( SD ) min and a median duration of 15 min .
We did not collect detailed statistics on “ bad ” recordings that did not satisfy our inclusion criterion .
In these eight animals , 79 successful recordings were obtained in 63 daily sessions ( each lasting 2 – 3 h ) , yielding an average success rate of 1.25 included cells per experiment .
To assess the health of neurons during the course of a nanostimulation experiment , we quantified spontaneous activity during experiments on neurons recorded in the barrel cortex ( n = 70 ) and visual cortex ( n = 20 ) of awake animals involved in a detection task ( Houweling and Brecht 2008 ) .
Spontaneous firing rates were quantified in 1 -s blocks preceding nanostimulation trials ( see Fig. 1D ) ( Houweling and Brecht 2008 ) .
In 13 of 48 neurons ( 27 % ) for which recording durations exceeded 10 min , mean spontaneous activity during the 5 - to 10 - min period following the first nanostimulation trial was significantly altered compared with the initial 0 - to 5 - min period ( shuffle test , α = 0.05 ) .
In 2 of 48 neurons ( 4 % ) , spontaneous rates decreased ( on average 1.3 spike /s ) , and in 11 neurons ( 23 % ) , spontaneous rates increased ( on average 2.4 spike /s ) .
For the remaining cells that displayed stable spontaneous firing rates during the first 10 min and for which recording durations exceeded 20 min , mean spontaneous activity during the 15 - to 20 - min period following the first nanostimulation trial was significantly altered in 5 of 17 neurons ( 29 % ) compared with the initial 0 - to 5 - min period .
In 1 of 17 neurons ( 6 % ) , spontaneous rates decreased ( 2.5 spike /s ) , and in 4 neurons ( 24 % ) , spontaneous rates increased ( on average 3.6 spike / s ) .
Thus in a fraction of neurons , small changes in spontaneous firing rate may accompany nanostimulation experiments .
It must be noted , however , that many factors may have contributed to the observed changes in spontaneous firing rates over the course of these behavioral experiments , including changes in arousal state and possible long - lasting effects of nearby microstimulation on circuit organization .
In our experiments , we used sustained DC current injections and consistently found that such prolonged current steps do not allow for a precise control of spike timing ( Fig. 3 ) .
Typically , AP firing is uniformly distributed over the nanostimulation interval ( Fig. 3A ) .
Current injections that elicit an equal number of APs produce a large trial - by - trial variation in the timing of individual spikes ( Fig. 3B ) , even when the evoked spike trains are aligned on their first APs ( data not shown ) .
A variety of discharge patterns have been observed , including adapting spike trains reminiscent of regular spiking pyramid cells .
Some control of spike timing may be obtained by restricting current injections to short pulses , although elicited APs are difficult to detect because of the large stimulation artifacts that last 1 – 2 ms ( data not shown ) .
In some cases , AP firing is temporarily increased for a few hundred milliseconds following the end of the current injections ( Fig. 3A ) .
These afterdischarges ( the origin of which we will address in the discussion ) can be prevented by a same size negative current injection directly following the positive current injection ( data not shown ) .
Fig. 3 .Spikes elicited by nanostimulation occur randomly during the injection interval .
A : spike raster plot ( top ) and poststimulus time histogram ( bottom ) of a barrel cortex neuron recorded in the awake behaving animal .
B : raster plot of the subset of trials in which exactly 13 APs were evoked during current pulses of 10 nA .
Parametric control of spike frequency and number
To explore whether nanostimulation can be used to control AP frequency , we varied current intensity in barrel cortex neurons of anesthetized rats ( n = 4 ) .
We first determined the maximal amount of current well tolerated by the cell by increasing the current to a point where further increases would jeopardize the viability of the recording .
This current intensity ( range : 4–19 nA , mean : 9.5 nA , n = 10 cells ) elicited on average 13.3 ± 5.6 APs during 200 - ms injections , and we then applied 25 , 50 , 75 , or 100 % of this maximal current .
In an experiment on a layer 6 inverted pyramidal neuron ( Fig. 4A ) , nanostimulation evoked on average 15 APs ( i.e. , 75 Hz ) in response to the 100 % current ( 8 nA ) and proportionally fewer APs with 75 , 50 , and 25 % of the maximal current ( Fig. 4 , B and C ) .
Average AP frequency varied linearly with nanostimulation current in the studied range for this cell ( Fig. 4C , R2 = 0.80 ) , as well as for our population of cells ( D ) .
Although there was considerable variability in the evoked number of APs for a given current intensity , linear regression indicates that the control of AP frequency by varying nanostimulation intensity was good in all cells ( R2 = 0.48 –0.97 , median : 0.73 ) .
Fig. 4 .Effect of current intensity on spike frequency in barrel cortex neurons .
A : reconstruction of a stimulated layer 6 inverted pyramidal neuron ) ; axon was not filled and not reconstructed .
Barrels are indicated in light gray .
L , layer .
B : example AP discharges of the neuron for nanostimulation at different current intensities .
Triangles indicate stimulation onset and offset artifacts .
C : average AP frequency varied linearly with stimulus intensity in this neuron .
D : population averages obtained by normalizing evoked AP numbers at 100 % nanostimulation current .
Error bars in C and D indicate SD .
Next we determined whether nanostimulation can be used to control AP number .
To this end we varied the duration of nanostimulation current applied to neurons in the barrel cortex of anesthetized rats ( n = 6 ) .
Again we determined a maximal stimulation current for each cell ( range : 3–30 nA , mean : 9.7 nA , n = 12 cells ) .
We then applied 50 % of this current intensity for 100- , 200- , 400 - , and 800 - ms durations .
In a layer 4 pyramidal neuron ( Fig. 5A ) , 50 % current intensity evoked on average four APs during a 100 - ms current injection , and systematically more APs with longer stimulus durations ( Fig. 5 , B and C ) .
The average AP number varied linearly with nanostimulation duration in the studied range for this cell ( Fig. 5C , R2 = 0.95 ) , as well as for our population of cells ( Fig. 5D ) .
Although there was considerable variability in the evoked number of APs for a given current duration , linear regression indicates that the control of AP number by varying stimulus duration was good in all cells ( R2 = 0.49–0.98 , median : 0.90 ) .
Fig. 5 .Effect of stimulus duration on spike number in barrel cortex neurons .
A : reconstruction of a stimulated layer 4 pyramidal neuron with dendritic tree ( black ) and axon ( gray ) .
Conventions as in Fig. 4 . B : example AP discharges of the neuron for nanostimulation at different durations .
C : average AP number varied linearly with stimulus duration in this neuron .
D : population averages obtained by normalizing evoked AP numbers at 800 - ms stimulus duration .
Error bars in C and D indicate SD .
Inhibition of spiking activity
Finally we determined if nanostimulation could also be used for inhibiting AP activity .
We obtained sensory responses in seven barrel cortex neurons of anesthetized rats ( n = 6 ) by applying a 100 - ms air puff to the whiskers .
To inhibit AP firing , we first determined a maximal stimulation current for each cell as before ( range : 5 – 16 nA , mean : 9.1 nA ) and applied the same intensity but as a negative current of 200 - ms duration .
We then presented air puff stimulation together with negative current injection and interleaved with air puff - only stimuli .
As illustrated in Fig. 6 for a layer 6 pyramidal neuron ( A ) , sensory AP responses to the air puff ( B , top ) were abolished when paired with a negative nanostimulation current ( B , bottom ) .
Inhibition of sensory evoked activity was also clearly evident in the population averages ( Fig. 6C ) .
Fig. 6 . Negative current nanostimulation can prevent sensory responses in neurons of barrel cortex .
A : reconstruction of a stimulated layer 6 pyramidal neuron with dendritic tree ( black ) and axon ( gray ) .
Conventions as in Fig. 4 . B : spike raster plot and poststimulus time histogram of the neuron while presenting air puff stimuli to the whiskers ( top ) and when paired with negative juxtacellular current injection ( bottom ) .
C : population averaged responses for air puff stimuli alone ( solid line ) and air puff stimuli paired with negative current injection ( dotted line ; n = 7 ) .
Firing rates for each neuron were normalized using the baseline AP firing rate .
DISCUSSION
In this study we provide a detailed description of nanostimulation procedures .
We demonstrate that nanostimulation can be directed to a variety of identifiable neurons in anesthetized and awake animals .
Furthermore , nanostimulation allows control of AP frequency and AP number .
Finally we demonstrate that this technique can be used to selectively inhibit sensory responses in identifiable neurons .
Properties of nanostimulation
Table 1 gives an overview of electric stimulation techniques .
As indicated in the table the effects of the juxtacellular current injections used for nanostimulation are in many ways similar to those of intracellular current injections .
First , neurons are excited by positive currents and inhibited by negative currents .
Second , nanostimulation current - AP - frequency curves are close to linear for cortical neurons ( at least for 200 - ms current steps ) as described for intracellular recordings ( Creutzfeldt 1995 ; Nowak et al. 2003 ) .
Third , sustained DC current injections result in AP responses with large temporal jitter , much like AP responses elicited by DC current injections in the whole cell configuration ( Mainen and Sejnowski 1995 ) .
Fourth , most cells do not fire instantaneously on current onset .
This may reflect a capacitive charging of the neuronal membrane , which also delays AP initiation on intracellular current injection .
Different from intracellular current injections , nanostimulation may induce in some neurons a small increase in spontaneous AP firing following the injection .
This phenomenon might reflect processes related to membrane resealing as discussed in the following text .
Table 1 . Overview of electric stimulation techniques Technique Stimulation Current ( Order of Magnitude ) No. of Stimulated Cells Spike Train Control Cell Identification Application in Behaving Animals Sharp microelectrode recording , nA ≈1 1 Excellent Possible Difficult
Whole - cell recording , nA ≈1 1 Excellent Possible Difficult Nanostimulation , nA ≈ 10 1 ( occasionally 2 ) Good Possible Easy Microstimulation , μA ≈ 10 Unknown Unknown Impossible Easy Surface stimulation , mA ≈1 Unknown Unknown Impossible Easy Transcranial magnetic stimulation Unknown Unknown Unknown Impossible Very easy
Biophysical foundations : nanostimulation compares to electroporation
An intact patch of lipid membrane underlying the tip ( 1–2 μm diam ) has a resistance in the gigaohm range ( Perkins 2006 ) .
The intact patch therefore supports only limited juxtacellular current influx , as current will rather flow through the much smaller juxtacellular seal resistance ( tens of MΩ ) .
Although the exact mechanisms underlying juxtacellular labeling and nanostimulation remain to be established , it seems likely that their biophysical processes compare with electroporation ( Chang et al. 1992 ) .
Theoretical ( Abidor et al. 1979 ; Freeman et al. 1994 ) and experimental work on electroporation suggests that it is based on the reversible electric breakdown of the lipid membrane ( Benz et al. 1979 ) leading to membrane pore formation ( Neumann et al. 1982 ) .
Nanostimulation and juxtacellular labeling share five major characteristics with electroporation , and recognizing these will help in understanding the biophysics of nanostimulation .
First , similar voltage range .
In a variety of studies on lipid bilayers and cell membranes a reversible electric breakdown has been observed at voltages between ∼ 0.5 and 1.5 V ( Abidor et al .
1979 ; Benz et al .
1979 ; Neumann et al. 1982 ; Tsong 1987 ; Zimmermann 1986 ) .
We have no direct measurements of the transmembrane voltage in our experiments , but as illustrated in Fig. 1B , neuronal stimulation requires ∼ 9 nA in a typical experiment , with a total resistance of ∼ 25 MΩ ( of which ∼ 5 MΩ is due to the pipette ) .
One might therefore expect a voltage of 180 mV ( ΔV = 9 nA· 20 MΩ ) at the electrode tip .
This voltage value is somewhat lower than the estimates for electroporation ( 0.5 –1.5 V ) , but these have been obtained with electric fields applied to entire cells and short voltage pulses ( milliseconds rather than hundreds of milliseconds as in our study ) .
Second , irreversible membrane breakdown at higher voltages .
Beyond the voltage specified in the preceding text , excessive AP firing and cell death have been observed in our experiments and previous labeling studies ( Pinault 1994 , 1996 ) .
These are presumably a consequence of an irreversible membrane breakdown as observed in experiments on cell membranes and lipid bilayers ( Chernomordik et al. 1987 ) .
Third , similar time course .
Both our findings ( see Fig. 3 ) and studies on membrane electroporation suggest a fast onset and offset of membrane effects ( with a time constant in the millisecond range ) and a second slow membrane recovery process ( with a time constant in the range of hundreds of milliseconds to seconds ) , which is thought to reflect membrane resealing ( Chernomordik et al .
1987 ; Weaver 1993 ) .
Fourth , dramatic increase in conductivity .
A dramatic increase in membrane conductivity is observed both in electroporation of cells ( Chernomordik et al. 1987 ) and lipid bilayers ( Benz et al. 1979 ) as well as in nanostimulation , where currents in the nanoampere range can activate cells .
These currents would be entirely ineffective in a conventional extracellular configuration ( as discussed in the following text the microstimulation currents used for conventional extracellular stimulation are roughly three orders of magnitude larger ) .
Fifth , formation of aqueous pores .
The formation of aqueous pores in the lipid bilayer is the key event in the reversible electric breakdown of membranes ( Abidor et al .
1979 ; Weaver 1993 ) .
It seems highly likely that this is also the mechanism underlying juxtacellular labeling and nanostimulation , as the biocytin that enters neurons in juxtacellular labeling ( Pinault 1994 , 1996 ) and nanostimulation ( Houweling and Brecht 2008 ) is normally not membrane - permeable .
Nanostimulation is biophysically different from iontophoresis and microstimulation
While there are strong similarities of juxtacellular labeling and nanostimulation to electroporation , it seems unlikely that these methods are similar to iontophoresis ( Hicks 1984 ) as originally proposed ( Fregnac et al. 1992 ; Pinault 1994 ) .
Iontophoresis is not based on the electric breakdown of membranes and has different functional characteristics from electroporation ( Hui 1998 ) .
From Table 1 it is also obvious that nanostimulation is biophysically different from microstimulation , which relies on currents in the microampere range rather than the nanoampere range ( Tehovnik 1996 ) , reflecting the fact that microstimulation activates cells along extracellular pathways .
Microstimulation operates in the tens to hundreds of micrometer scale ( Ranck 1975 ; Stoney et al. 1968 ; Tehovnik 1996 ) .
This is very different from nanostimulation , which presumably activates cells in the micrometer area directly below the pipette tip , where membrane pores are induced by high transmembrane voltage .
Nanostimulation stimulates a single neuron and induces cell - specific effects
A key aspect of both juxtacellular labeling and nanostimulation is that these procedures target single neurons .
The evidence for this idea has been reviewed in depth before ( Herfst and Brecht 2008 ; Houweling and Brecht 2008 ; Pinault 1994 , 1996 ; Voigt et al. 2008 ) .
Briefly , the argument is as follows .
1 ) Nanostimulation currents ( 3–30 nA ) are about two to three orders of magnitude smaller than those thought to be required for activating neurons with microstimulation ( > 1 μA ) ( Stoney et al. 1968 ) .
In line with these small currents , the biophysical considerations in the preceding text suggest that nanostimulation acts in the micrometer range below the electrode tip .
2 ) Inadvertent stimulation of a second nearby neuron , detected by the presence of large additional AP waveforms , is a rare event ( < 1 % of APs ) ( Houweling and Brecht 2008 ; Voigt et al. 2008 ) .
This is consistent with the low probability that two neurons are in close contact with a 1 – 2 μm tip .
3 ) Cells more distant from the pipette than the primary neuron targeted for nanostimulation , detected by the presence of small additional AP waveforms ( < 0.5 mV ) in the recording , are not affected in their activity ( Houweling and Brecht 2008 ; Voigt et al. 2008 ) .
4 ) Histological data confirm a one - to - one correspondence between single juxtacellularly activated and labeled neurons ( Pinault 1994 , 1996 ) .
Furthermore , electric destruction of single juxtacellularly labeled neurons results in the histological recovery of single cells with disintegrated morphologies ( Pinault 1994 ) .
In line with these methodological considerations , we found that nanostimulation effects were highly cell - specific .
For example , whisker movements evoked by single - cell stimulation in the facial nucleus were completely contingent on spiking of the respective neurons ( without any movement failures ) ( Herfst and Brecht 2008 ) .
Furthermore , whisker movements varied with respect to direction , amplitude , and speed as a function of the identity of the stimulated neuron .
In the somatosensory cortex , we detected differences in evoked sensory effects between the stimulation of putative interneurons and principal cells ( Houweling and Brecht 2008 ) .
Comparison of nanostimulation to other brain stimulation methods
The development of optogenetic methods for neural stimulation ( Boyden et al. 2005 ) and inhibition ( Zhang et al. 2007 ) holds great promise for the creation of a novel set of tools for controlled manipulation of multineuron activity .
These methods will be particularly attractive when genetically targeted to selected sets of neurons .
To allow quantification of elicited AP trains and identification of the stimulated cells , these methods will have to be combined with some form of population imaging .
An upper bound on the number of stimulated neurons can be obtained by histology ( Huber et al. 2008 ) .
It remains to be seen if the current limits on the frequency of light - elicited APs ( 10–30 Hz with channelrhodopsin - 2 ) can be alleviated .
There are four major limitations of conventional electric stimulation techniques ( Table 1 ) such as brain surface stimulation ( Fritsch and Hitzig 1870 ; Penfield and Boldery 1937 ) or microstimulation ( Asanuma and Sakata 1967 ) : 1 ) the number of activated cells is unknown in these techniques ( Tehovnik 1996 ) , as well as 2 ) their identity and 3 ) the pattern of AP firing , and 4 ) these techniques do not allow inhibiting neurons .
Both nanostimulation and intracellular stimulation approaches overcome these shortcomings , but nanostimulation is much easier to apply than intracellular recordings .
We reason that the application of nanostimulation , particularly in awake animals , holds great potential for elucidating the cellular mechanisms of brain function .
GRANTS
This work was supported by Erasmus MC , the Bernstein Center for Computational Neuroscience , Humboldt University of Berlin , a ViDi grant Netherlands Organisation for Scientific Research ( NWO ) to A. R. Houweling , a Deutscher Akademischer Austausch Dienst stipend to G. Doron , the FP7 Biotact European Union grant , and the ERC Neuro - behavior grant to M. Brecht .
Every sport has its pre-event activities and festivities .
Football , baseball , hockey , basketball , F1 , you name the sport and you can probably also describe the activities and traditions that precede each event .
But there is none better that the pre-race activities that happen before every NASCAR race .
While most sports begin their events with tail gating and other fan gathering activities the day of the event , NASCAR fans line up days and sometimes even weeks in advance to get the party started .
There are fields of RVs , campers , and trailers , all sporting flags and pennants of their favorite drivers .
There are miles of cars , with just enough space in between for portable grills , tents , coolers and generators for fans to chill before the big race .
Fans spend hours before the race visiting all of the haulers , purchasing their race collectibles and die casts .
There are food stands of every sort , often manned by volunteers from local high schools or civic groups , raising money for their causes .
The pre-race activities themselves are filled with patriotism , pageantry , and tradition .
Troops from every branch of service mill around the infield and garage area before the race to catch a glimpse of their favorite driver , who inevitably takes a moment to salute them .
There is often pre-race pageantry , perhaps a pre-race concert , a band , or a special performance of local dancers or talented kids .
Then comes the parade of drivers , as each one is introduced , greeted by the owners of the track , and driven around in the backs of pick up trucks so that the fans can salute ( cheer or boo ) them .
Every NASCAR race then jumps into the prescribed pre-race rituals that every NASCAR fan loves .
There is the presentation of the colors , again with military officials bringing in the flag of the United States of America .
Every driver , team member and family member then lines up beside their race cars in formation .
And every member of the stands rises as one , takes off their hats , and places their hands over their hearts , ready to pray and then sing along to the National Anthem .
Then comes the totally politically incorrect prayer — yes , we still do pray in NASCAR .
Usually a local preacher or someone from Motor Racing Outreach will ask for God 's blessing , for safety of the drivers and fans , for a great race , good weather , and protection of the troops abroad .
After the prayer , it is time for the singing of the national anthem .
Right as the notes of the Star Spangled Banner fade , planes , choppers , stealth bombers , or some other cool kind of military aircraft performs a quick flyover of the track .
Then it is time for the utterance of the four most famous words in motor sports .
The corporate sponsor or a contestant winner or some lucky celebrity hawking their just released movie gets to scream into the microphone in their best voices " Gentlemen , start your engines " !
And with that , the drivers crank it up and await their turn to follow the pace car out onto the track .
After several parade laps , the drivers weave back and forth getting heat in their tires , the green flag waves , and the race is on .
Now you may think that every pre-race is picture perfect to every fan .
Although I love the pomp and pageantry of the pre-race , I for one also have a few pet peeves about NASCAR 's pre-race activities .
My first pet peeve is when the race track chooses someone who absolutely cannot sing to deliver the national anthem .
Take note , I would definitely include Jessica Simpson in that category .
Other pre-race pet peeves of mine include those drivers or family members who are talking or just messing around during the anthem or prayer .
Note to Ingrid Vandebosch , do not fuss with your husband Jeff Gordon 's hair during the anthem — it 's just not right .
Another peeve is if by chance , you get the coveted opportunity to say the four famous words , do not do that in your wimpiest little voice .
The command is meant to be shouted at the top of your lungs , right into the microphone , just let it rip for goodness sake .
But having shared my minor pet peeves , NASCAR 's pre-race ceremonies are by far and away the best in sports , bar none .
Every fan will tell you so and will most likely admit that this is a part of the race that we never miss .
Yes , we may snooze a bit during the race — come on , every one of us has done that — admit it .
But even if we are home in front of our television sets , we are up on our feet during pre-race for the anthem , bowing our heads for the prayer , and cheering like mad for the flyover and command .
So , when it comes to any sport 's pre-event festivities , NASCAR takes the checkered flag hands down .
INVESTING in wine , not just top Bordeaux but even cheap varieties , can be good for your total portfolio and is especially useful during a financial crisis , according to two Swiss economists .
" Wine in a portfolio has produced higher returns and lower risks than the Russell 3000 equity index ... Especially in times of economic downturns " they said in a report in the American Association of Wine Economists .
The study comes as leading auction houses reported sales of fine wines totalling more than $ US12 million ( $ 13 million ) in the last two weeks .
Economists Philippe Masset , of Lausanne Hotel School , and Jean - Philippe Weisskopf , of the University of Fribourg , both in Switzerland , looked at auction prices from The Chicago Wine Company from January 1996 through January 2009 .
" In a nutshell , our findings show that the inclusion of wine in a portfolio and , especially more prestigious wines , increases the portfolio's returns while reducing its risk , particularly during the financial crisis , " they explained .
" This is true for all model - portfolios both during bull and bear periods . "
Masset and Weisskopf accumulated data from 144 auctions with a turnover exceeding $ US237 million and covered a period that included two significant economic booms and downturns .
They also constructed several indices using the repeat - sale regression method , an approach used by the economists who created the S&P / Case - Shiller Home Price Indices that are used to track and forecast home prices in the US .
Masset and Weisskopf created a General Wine Index ( GWI ) and other indices that tracked different price categories as well as ones that followed five major wine regions .
The GWI and the Russell 3000 , which measures the performance of 3000 publicly held US companies , rose between 1996 and 1998 .
But while the Russell 3000 declined between 2001 and 2003 , when the Internet bubble burst , the GWI steadily rose .
" Neither the terrorist attacks in New York , nor the burst of the internet bubble , nor the boycott of French goods after the Iraq invasion have had much effect on wine prices , " the pair said .
From 2005 to 2008 , the GWI doubled .
Since mid-2008 , it has fallen 17 per cent as a result of the global financial crisis .
The Russell 3000 index lost 47 per cent in the same period .
The economists also found that wine had a more positive effect , with a lower amount of risk , on investment portfolios than stocks .
Wines selling below $ US200 a bottle saw a steady increase over the 13 - year period and yielded a return of 120 percent , while those selling for under $ 100 a bottle generated a 170 per cent return .
Wines selling for more than $ 200 and especially those over $ 400 a bottle , such as Chateau Petrus or Chateau Haut - Brion , had a three - to - four - fold price increase .
These wines also suffered the most declines during the financial crisis , losing about 25 per cent .
Wines under $ US200 a bottle lost between 5 per cent and 10 per cent during that time .
Different wine regions followed the upward trend of the GWI , but as in real estate location played a role .
For the time period , US wines showed a positive return of only 63 per cent , while Italy had 125 per cent .
Bordeaux and Burgundy , by comparison , yielded returns of nearly 200 per cent , while wines from the Rhone Valley yielded almost 300 per cent .
The pair also created model portfolios mimicking the broad categories of investors from conservative to aggressive and found that allotting 20 per cent of a portfolio to wine had a positive effect on performance .
The full report can be found here ( PDF ) .
Reporting by Leslie Gevirtz ; Editing by Patricia Reaney
A quest that began over a decade ago with a chance observation has reached a milestone : the identification of a gene that may regulate regeneration in mammals .
The absence of this single gene , called p21 , confers a healing potential in mice long thought to have been lost through evolution and reserved for creatures like flatworms , sponges , and some species of salamander .
In a report published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , researchers from The Wistar Institute demonstrate that mice that lack the p21 gene gain the ability to regenerate lost or damaged tissue .
Unlike typical mammals , which heal wounds by forming a scar , these mice begin by forming a blastema , a structure associated with rapid cell growth and de-differentiation as seen in amphibians .
According to the Wistar researchers , the loss of p21 causes the cells of these mice to behave more like embryonic stem cells than adult mammalian cells , and their findings provide solid evidence to link tissue regeneration to the control of cell division .
" Much like a newt that has lost a limb , these mice will replace missing or damaged tissue with healthy tissue that lacks any sign of scarring , " said the project 's lead scientist Ellen Heber - Katz , Ph.D. , a professor in Wistar 's Molecular and Cellular Oncogenesis program .
" While we are just beginning to understand the repercussions of these findings , perhaps , one day we 'll be able to accelerate healing in humans by temporarily inactivating the p21 gene . "
Heber - Katz and her colleagues used a p21 knockout mouse to help solve a mystery first encountered in 1996 regarding another mouse strain in her laboratory .
MRL mice , which were being tested in an autoimmunity experiment , had holes pierced in their ears to create a commonly used life - long identification marker .
A few weeks later , investigators discovered that the earholes had closed without a trace .
While the experiment was ruined , it left the researchers with a new question :
Was the MRL mouse a window into mammalian regeneration ?
The discovery set the Heber - Katz laboratory off on two parallel paths .
Working with geneticists Elizabeth Blankenhorn , Ph.D. , at Drexel University , and James Cheverud , Ph.D. , at Washington University , the laboratory focused on mapping the critical genes that turn MRL mice into healers .
Meanwhile , cellular studies ongoing at Wistar revealed that MRL cells behaved very differently than cells from " non-healer " mouse strains in culture .
Khamilia Bedebaeva , M.D. , Ph.D. , having studied genetic effects following the Chernobyl reactor radiation accident , noticed immediately that these cells were atypical , showing profound differences in cell cycle characteristics and DNA damage .
This led Andrew Snyder , Ph.D. , to explore the DNA damage pathway and its effects on cell cycle control .
Snyder found that p21 , a cell cycle regulator , was consistently inactive in cells from the MRL mouse ear .
P21 expression is tightly controlled by the tumor suppressor p53 , another regulator of cell division and a known factor in many forms of cancer .
The ultimate experiment was to show that a mouse lacking p21 would demonstrate a regenerative response similar to that seen in the MRL mouse .
And this indeed was the case .
As it turned out , p21 knockout mice had already been created , were readily available , and widely used in many studies .
What had not been noted was that these mice could heal their ears .
" In normal cells , p21 acts like a brake to block cell cycle progression in the event of DNA damage , preventing the cells from dividing and potentially becoming cancerous , " Heber - Katz said .
" In these mice without p21 , we do see the expected increase in DNA damage , but surprisingly no increase in cancer has been reported . "
In fact , the researchers saw an increase in apoptosis in MRL mice -- also known as programmed cell death -- the cell 's self - destruct mechanism that is often switched on when DNA has been damaged .
According to Heber - Katz , this is exactly the sort of behavior seen in naturally regenerative creatures .
" The combined effects of an increase in highly regenerative cells and apoptosis may allow the cells of these organisms to divide rapidly without going out of control and becoming cancerous , " Heber - Katz said .
" In fact , it is similar to what is seen in mammalian embryos , where p21 also happens to be inactive after DNA damage .
The down regulation of p21 promotes the induced pluripotent state in mammalian cells , highlighting a correlation between stem cells , tissue regeneration , and the cell cycle . "
The study was supported by grants from the Harold G. and Leila Y. Mathers Foundation , the F.M. Kirby Foundation , the W.W. Smith Foundation , the National Institute for General Medical Sciences and National Cancer Institute .
Study investigators also include Wistar researchers Paul M. Lieberman , Ph.D. ; Dmitri Gourevitch M.D. ; Lise Clark D.V.M. , Ph.D. ; Xiang - Ming Zhang ; and John Leferovich .
Snyder , formerly of the Lieberman laboratory at Wistar , and Bedebaeva are co-first authors on this paper .
James Cheverud of Washington University is also a co-author on this paper .
Power Over Ethernet ( PoE ) has been popular on the voice / data side of our industry for many years .
This popularity has recently transitioned to security applications as well , with IP camera systems popping up in greater numbers than ever before .
This creates new challenges to security installers who are more accustom to working with analog and coax .
The introduction of PoE brings copper limitation into the mix .
The 100 m limitation of copper is a fairly new concept to many long - time security installers .
For those unfamiliar , copper runs can be no longer than 100 m from their power source .
This presents certain challenges when installing IP cameras in ' remote ' locations or locations far removed from the central power source .
To address the 100 m copper rule , a security contractor must install a power source to each remote IP camera location .
This increases the time spent on the job , as well as the cost associated with the security system .
A past solution to this problem was to set up a mixed security system : one running both IP ( short distances ) and analog ( long distance ) with a local coax power source .
While technically this set up works , it 's not ideal .
Many would rather have a consistent system and simply go with analog .
It 's an all or nothing approach .
Berk - Tek has developed a solution to this problem , which they featured at Winter BICSI 2010 .
Their CL3R - OF composite cables utilize fiber for PoE rather than copper .
This extends the length of your cable run from 328 ft to 3850 ft , with proper conductor size selection , and eliminates the need for an additional power source to run the application locally .
Berk - Tek 's CL3R - OF is ideal for applications and hardware far removed from centralized power .
While this cable has almost limitless applications , the best example is Power over Ethernet length extension ( think IP cameras in remote corners of your parking lot ) .
Also , consider using this cable when setting up wireless access points at the gate of your building or " other building automation devices located in an area where an electrical outlet is not readily available . "
Anything that runs off PoE can utilized this new type of cable without needing an additional power source at the site .
In essence , Berk - Tek 's new composite cable is DISTANCE + PoE .
Eliminating the need for a local power source has many benefits : lower costs , decreased install time , and a more stable security system .
By backing up all of your applications on the same UPS , both in - building as well as remote hardware ( ex : IP camera ) continue to run properly in times of power outages .
Berk - Tek 's cable CL3R - OF Composite Fiber Cable is classified as a
copper cable with fiber .
According to the Berk - Tek website , this cable " incorporate (s ) high bandwidth optical fibers with insulated stranded copper THWN conductors .
A wide variety of design options are available including ; up to 7 conductors ranging from # 12 AWG to # 18 AWG , up to 12 tight buffered fibers or 24 loose tube fibers , and interlock armoring .
These cables are listed as CL3R - OF / PLTC - OF . "
I have barely scratched the surface of what this cable can do .
For greater detail , I 've included a few links and an FAQ to better explain the technical aspects of this cable .
Composite Cable FAQs
Composite Cable Data Sheet
Berk - Tek 's One Pathway .
One Pull .
One Solution .
Also , Berk - Tek will be showing off this new cable at ISC West in Las Vegas , March 24th - 26 h .
Be sure to visit their booth : # 23134 .
While you 're at it , stop by the Accu - Tech booth ( 4141 ) and say hello .
What applications do you think will benefit most from utilizing Berk - Tek 's CL3R - OF Composite Fiber Cable ?
Let us know in the comments section below !
Connect with Accu- Tech
Rangers who were on a routine patrol in the Adjumani region of Uganda found themselves in a fire fight with poachers in the Zuka Game Reserve ; residents had to flea as bullets were being exchanged between both groups .
One poacher was killed and two guns were seized , but the rest of the poachers were able to retreat to deep forest and get away , no arrests have been made yet .
Click here to read the full article about the fire fight .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
404 - Page Not Found
The requested URL : was not found on this server .
Please visit our Homepage or Sitemap .
You may also
Posted : 10:29 AM ET
The mayor of Sarasota , Florida , swam with sharks .
Topeka , Kansas , temporarily changed its name to Google , Kansas .
And in Duluth , Minnesota , the head of city government jumped into a frigid lake with ice chunks floating on the surface .
Why ?
To beg Google for better broadband .
More than 1,100 cities and towns have asked Google to speed up their Internet connections as part of the company 's " Google Fiber " project .
The search - engine giant says it will build the infrastructure for affordable , ultra - high - speed Internet connections in one or more communities , with the hopes of serving 50,000 to 500,000 people .
Google plans to choose the winning community or communities by the end of the year .
The Mountain View , California - based company thanked mayors across the country for submitting " tremendous and creative " requests that the experimental network be build in their cities .
" We 're thrilled to see this kind of excitement , and we want to humbly thank each and every community and individual for taking the time to participate , " project manager James Kelly wrote on Google 's blog .
" This enthusiasm is much bigger than Google and our experimental network .
If one message has come through loud and clear , it 's this : people across the country are hungry for better and faster Internet access . "
Google says its connection will be hundreds of times faster than average Internet speeds in the U.S. today - with data transfer rates of 1 gigabit per second .
Google hopes to accomplish that speed by bringing fiber optic cables straight to peoples ' homes .
The country 's average broadband speed ranked 18th in the world in a recent report from Internet monitor Akamai .
South Korea was the world leader .
Iceland , Latvia and Slovakia both had connection speeds faster than those in the U.S .
In addition to the 1,100 official requests from communities , more than 194,000 individuals wrote Google asking the company to install faster connections in their areas .
This all comes as the U.S. federal government debates a plan to speed up Internet connections across the country , and to make the Web more accessible to Americans .
What do you think makes Google 's fiber - to - the - home project so popular with mayors ?
Would you jump in a near - frozen lake for better broadband ?
Let us know with a comment on this post .
Posted by : John D. Sutter -- CNN.com writer / producer
Filed under : broadband  Google  Internet
( CNN ) -- A 10 - year study examining 4.9 million births in the 1990s has found more evidence that there 's a link between autism and the mother 's age at conception .
" The risk of having a child with full syndrome autism increases with maternal age , " concluded researchers at the University of California , Davis , who examined data from all births in their state for the decade .
The findings are published in the February issue of the journal Autism Research .
The link between the parents ' age and children 's health is not entirely new .
Prior studies have indicated that babies born to older women have higher risks of birth defects , low birth weight and certain chromosome problems , such as Down syndrome .
A 2007 Kaiser Permanente study conducted in California reported that autism risk increased with both the mother 's and father 's age .
An Israeli study based in statistics from 1980s had isolated only paternal age as being linked with increased risk for autism .
Dr. Max Wiznitzer , a pediatric neurologist at Rainbow Babies & Children 's Hospital in Cleveland , Ohio , said the latest research had a far larger sample size .
Autism is a growing disorder ; the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimated that one in 110 children had the condition in 2006 .
But its causes remain unknown .
In the latest study , researchers found that mothers over the age of 40 had 51 percent higher odds of having children with autism compared with mothers between the ages 25 and 29 .
The father 's age also played a factor , but only when he had a child with a woman under 30 .
" When the mom has minimal age risk of an autistic child , we do see increased risks as dads get older , " said lead author Janie Shelton , a graduate student researcher at UC - Davis .
It 's unclear why the mother 's age has more bearing in autism risk than the father's .
The study authors emphasize that while autism rates have risen 600 percent in the past two decades , older women having children contributed to only 5 percent more cases of autism .
As more women delay childbearing , it 's important to keep the study in perspective , said Geraldine Dawson , chief science officer of Autism Speaks , the nation 's largest autism science and advocacy organization .
" When we look at that dramatic increase [ of autism ] over the last two decades , there are multiple factors that have contributed to this , " she said .
" It appears that advanced parents ' age , not just mothers but also father 's , account for a very small portion of that increase . "
Shelton said older mothers should not jump to conclusions .
" I do n't think a mom blaming herself is going to help us understand what 's causing autism or help prevent further cases , " she said .
" I would urge parents not to blame themselves , regardless of what age they are . "
Shelton and the co-authors obtained all birth records in California from 1990 to 1999 and then collected data from the state 's Department of Developmental Services to count the number of autism diagnoses from children born during that decade .
How parental age increases autism risks remains unknown , but several hypotheses exist .
Some suggest that the cumulative effects of the environment , changes to the autoimmune system , stress and reproductive technology may affect autism risk .
" As people age , we know there are changes to our DNA that occur , " Dawson said .
" There have been studies that show we have increased damage to our DNA as parents age .
They 're more likely to have children of low birth rate and more birth complications .
It 's not surprising that those factors would slightly increase the risk for autism as well as other neurological disorders . "
Despite the lack of concrete answers , Shelton said , the findings offer some hints .
" It gives us some clues where to look biologically , " Shelton said .
" In an epidemiological study , age is a proxy for a lot of things .
And so we 're trying to further understand why age might be showing up as a risk factor , because we do n't know the mechanism yet . "
Thank - you !
You 've been successfully added to the Marginal Revolution email subscription list .
After building the all wooden windmill I felt inspired to make a larger and sturdier version .
The following page offers a brief description of building the alternator and testing it .
I designed this alternator WHILE I was building it , using mostly intuition and working around supplies available .
Undoubtedly many improvements could be made .
If you have any ideas or thoughts about this , please share with us via email or our discussion board !
Para Español , traducción de Julio Andrade .
Initial test results -- wired in series , reaches 12 volts for charging at 120 rpm , with 6 amps charging current at 300 rpm .
Wired in parallel , reaches 12 volts at 240 rpm , with 12 amps charging current at 350 rpm .
At 500 rpm it produces about 500 watts .
Unfortunately this is the limit of our current testing rig -- we need to build a bigger one .
More tests and a chart to come !
Parts and supplies used
To build the alternator I used the following :
10 " long piece of shaft , 1/2 " diameter .
2 1/2 " inner diameter ball bearings
18 surplus NdFeB rare earth magnets
3/4 " plywood
5 Pounds 18 AWG magnet wire
1 1/2 " drywall screws
3 " deck screws
Epoxy
Super Glue
Fiberglass resin for final finishing
I cut out 5 plywood disks on a bandsaw , 9 " diameter .
In the center of each disc I drilled a 1 / 2 " hole .
These disks are laminated on the shaft to build up the armature .
In order to hold the armature securely to the shaft , I drilled a hole about 4 " from one end 1/8 " diameter , and inserted the a pin , 4 " long .
On one disk I routed a slot , 4 " long and 3/16 " wide , 3/16 " deep , to accept this pin so that it would be locked to the shaft .
I generously coated the plywood discs with wood glue and clamped them together on the shaft , then screwed them together with 3 " wood screws .
On the metal lathe ( a wood lathe would work fine ) I evened up the armature so that the diameter is approx 8.75 " .
In the center of the armature I cut a slot 3/16 " deep exactly wide enough to accept the magnets ( 1.74 " ) .
The magnets are laid in with alternating poles facing up .
This particular magnet is available with either North or South on the outside .
This alternator requires 9 of each variety .
The diameter is such that the magnets stick out from the wooden surface of the armature , so the total diameter , magnets included of the armature is just short of 9.25 " .
These magnets have an arc much more acute than that of the armature , so it looks kind of " lumpy " !
I do n't think this is a problem .
Custom magnets simply cost too much , it often pays to work with that which is available .
In order for 18 magnets to fit around the armature , there is a small space between each magnet ( approx 0.10 " ) .
For spacers , I used 1 " drywall screws , which were removed after the glue dried .
Since they are tapered at the top , simply screwing them in deeper provides for a larger gap between the magnets , so ... with a little patience , it is easy to adjust the screws and get the magnets evenly spaced around the armature .
Once all the magnets were pressed in place , properly spaced with screws , I glued them in with epoxy .
As a clamp , I simply tied a rope around the magnets and tightened it with a stick through the knot .
When the glue started to set up hard , I removed the screws and applied a new coat of glue over the entire surface of the alternator .
This not only aids in holding down the magnets , but it will protect the alternator from moisture .
The stator ( that part which will eventually hold the coils of wire ) is built up of 3/4 " plywood .
The inner circle has radius of 5 " , which leaves room for coils between it , and the armature .
The magnets protrude from the wooden alternator approx 1/8 " , so this allows for coils to be approx 3/8 " thick and have close clearance with the magnets .
A very small gap between coils and magnets is important , especially if the coils do not have a ferrous core .
I cut pieces to build up the stator from the plywood and glued them together , clamped them tight and screwed them together with 1 1/2 " drywall screws .
Each piece is made up of 3 laminates , for a total thickness of 2 1/4 " .
The shaft is supported by pillow blocks , also built up from 3/ 4 " plywood pieces .
I cut holes with a 1 1/2 " hole saw to accept the bearings .
Of course , the bearings have 1/2 " inner diameter to accept the shaft .
The outer diameter of the bearings is roughly 1.6 " inches - a very tight press fit into the holes in the plywood .
I coated the outside of the bearings with epoxy and pressed them in with an arbor press ( a vice , or hammer should work fine too ) , as deep as possible so that I could still tighten the set screws .
I was pleased with how well they fit the holes , and how straight they pressed in .
I believe I got a little lucky here !
I built a simple coil winding device to speed production .
It has a crank on one side , and a spool on the other .
I used a long bolt as a shaft , and the end of the spool is held on with a nut .
Each coil is wound on the form , then the nut is removed ... so that the end of the spool comes off and the coil can be removed .
It went very quickly !
Since the alternator has 18 magnets , I wound up 18 coils .
The coils are of AWG 18 enameled magnet wire , each coil has 50 wraps .
The coils are approx 2.75 " X 1.5 " on the outside , and the hole in the middle is approx . 5 " X 1.5 " .... as per the size of the spool on the winding machine .
I thought this was an appropriate size , considering the size of the magnets .
Really - it 's somewhat of an intuitive guess ...
When the coils come off the winding machine , they are fairly loose , and delicate .
I handled them carefully before gluing them into the stator laminates .
In the above image you can see all the parts of the alternator ready for finishing and assembly .
For the first step in attaching the coils ( not shown in any pictures ) I measured out their proper location ( they must be spaced evenly ) and lightly tacked them in with super glue .
Then I generously coated them with super glue ( epoxy would also work fine ... it would just take longer ) , covered them with wax paper , and clamped them in using a form I cut from wood .
This form forces them into exactly the right diameter to fit around the armature .
Once the glue was dry , I removed the clamp , the wooden form and the wax paper , and was pleased to find they fit very well !
In the future , I may fill the center of these coils with a mixture of magnetite sand and epoxy - this would help conduct the magnetic field through the coils , and increase the current output of the finished alternator .
For now , I 'm very curious to find out how it perfoms with nothing but air between the coils .
There is also an advantage to " air cores " inside the coils -- the alternator will not cog at all until under a load , which eliminates much vibration and will help the alternator start spinning in some applications .
Cogging is a problem in permanant magnet alternators , especially for wind generators .
After the coils are glued in , all that remains is sanding and finishing .
Thankfully I had some help from our head of research , development , and particle physics .... Maya !
All the parts were generously coated with fiberglass resin - kind of like epoxy , it makes a thick , plastic coat and should make the alternator practically waterproof for years to come .
The only drawback ... it stinks real bad !
You can get this stuff at any hardware or auto parts store .
Difficult to see in this picture , but ... the base of the alternator has wooden dowels in it , so that all the parts can be exactly located in their proper position whenever the unit is assembled .
This allows for easy assembly and disassembly .
When making the base , I put the parts together so that it spun easily -- the coils were as close as possible to the magnets , and nothing rubbed .
Then , I tacked the whole alternator together lightly with super glue and drilled 1/ 4 " holes up from the bottom of the base into the pillow blocks , and both stator halves .
I then glued into the base 1/ 4 " dowel pins which assure that whenever assembled , all the parts will fit exactly into the right places .
After the fiberglass resin set up , I assembled everything on the base .
Everything fit well -- the clearance between coils and magnets was excellent .
Once all looked good , I screwed it together from the bottom with 3 " deck screws .
It seems very sturdy -- nothing moves , rubs or vibrates that 's not supposed to !
At this point I wired all the coils on each stator half into series .
The coils must alternate in the direction they are wound .
It can seem confusing !
Trial and error is n't the worst way to be sure it 's properly wired .
Simply spin it slowly by hand , and start measuring voltage , starting with one coil , and being certain that the voltage increases with each additional coil which is wired in series .
All the coils on each half of the stator are wired together in series .
At that point , each half can be hooked in either series or parallel to most appropriately match the load with the alternator .
Above is pictured the good old Taste Test , a sure fire way to test any battery , or generator , as long as it stays below about 10 volts !
( otherwise it hurts - - do n't try this at home ! )
I do n't have proper equipment to fully test this alternator .
The best tool I have , since it will not fit on my lathe , is a hand drill with a 1 / 2 " chuck .
With a meter which reads frequency , I am able to accurately tell rpm .
When both halves of the stator are hooked in series , the alternator will reach 12 volts at approximately 120 rpm .
At approx 300 rpm , it charges approx 6 amps into my batteries ( this is the limit of my hand drill ! ) .
When I hook both halves of the stator in parallel , it hits 12 volts at approx 240 rpm , and at approx 350 rpm it 's charging slightly over 10 amps into my 12 volt batteries .
In the picture above you can see the frequency meter , and the large wooden ammeter on the wall .
Clearly the limiting factor here is the power of the hand drill .
I 'll post a chart when I build a good alternator test machine and get some better results !
All things considered here , I 'm very pleased with the results .
I was curious what the output would look like on the scope , considering the close proximity to one another of the magnets , and the " lumpy " armature .
Keep in mind , what is shown above on the scope , is Alternating Current , directly out of the alternator .
In order to be useful in batterycharging , it must be rectified into Direct Current .
To do this a " bridge rectifier " ( a simple arrangment of 6 diodes ) must be used .
Shown above is the " rectified " output of the alternator .
This is useful for battery charging , but - you 'll notice how " lumpy " the Direct Current looks on the scope .
Although this rarely causes problems , occasionally this sort of Direct Current will cause problems with radio and television reception ( you 'll hear a whine ) .
To help smooth out the Direct Current available here , a capacitor can be used .
See above the nice , flat DC output after a capacitor is hooked up between Pos and Neg outputs .
Just for fun ... I hooked it up to my stereo !
This is a CD player , hooked to a ' 50's Fisher vacuum tube preamp , hooked to a Dynaco Stereo 70 vacuum tube power amp .
If you add up the numbers on the back of these ... it totals over 300 watts .
To my amazement , this wooden alternator lit up the tubes and the CD player ... played music and sounded just fine , when powered by the electric hand drill !
The hand drill is rated to draw maximum current of about 3.5 amps ... so this is a reasonably efficient transfer of power !
In conclusion ...
This whole thing took about two full days time , about $ 100 in magnets and $ 30 in magnet wire .
( The shaft and bearings I had on hand )
Not a bad price for an effective low rpm alternator .
It was also fun , and the information obtained is useful .
Using premade pillow block bearings would probably be wise , especially if one intended to really use the alternator !
There are certainly easier ways to build alternators which would be just as , or even more effective .
To build this really requires a lathe , bandsaw , drill press ...etc .
If one built a similiar machine using a disk type armature instead of a cylinder , it would be much simpler .
I stuck with this design only because it seemed fun , looked neat - and was based upon my earlier wooden windmill .
Keep your eyes peeled for our next alternator .. it 'll be even easier to build and much more effective .
Overall though , I 'm surprised with the performance fo this unit , considering it contains nothing but air between the coils and wood all around .
Wood is a lousy conductor of magnetic fields !
Just goes to show ... it does n't have to be optimal , it just has to work !
It seems that there may be some argument for not worrying too much about steel laminates , or ferrite cores in the coils , and simply adding a few more magnets and wires and settling for a somewhat larger machine .
One immediate benifit of having " air coils " is obviously the complete lack of cogging , which , if used in a windmill should result in a machine that starts very easily .
I have no idea at this point what the maximum output of this alternator might be , but preliminary tests are impressive in my opinion !
One could build a fine wind or hydro plant with such a machine .
As with all our other alternator " experiments " ... it is truly the magnets which make it possible !
Without these super high quality magnets , this alternator would not be nearly as effective .
With normal ceramic or AlNiCo magnets , one would have to go to much greater lengths to build a alternator which efficiently produces this kind power at such low rpm .
Home Secretary Alan Johnson has given Parliament some details on the most recent breaches of the various identity databases held by his ministry .
Johnson told the House of Commons that there were 11 occasions in the last year when information was used or accessed improperly .
In response to a question from Chris Grayling , Tory shadow home secretary , Johnson said in the last year five people had been disciplined or dismissed for falsifying records or manipulating Home Office systems .
Six people have been disciplined for unauthorised access to a database or letting someone else use their log -in .
He said the Identity and Passport Service does not " specify the activities involved in each case " .
He said it was UK Border Agency policy not to provide any further breakdown or details in case any individual 's identity was revealed .
In other news today , the Tories have questioned Home Office claims that its Electronic Borders scheme will achieve the coverage promised .
The £ 1.2 bn scheme will cover , we 're told , 95 per cent of passenger movements in and out of the UK by the end of the year .
It currently covers about 45 per cent .
Eurostar and several ferry companies are also doubtful the project will hit its targets .
Damien Green ,
Tory shadow immigration minister told Sky News : " I think the e-Borders programme has proved an expensive fiasco .
Britain desperately needs a proper way of counting people in and out of the country .
" We 've had four years of the e-Borders programme and we 've only hit 45 per cent coverage and the Government is claiming that by the end of this year we will have hit about 95 per cent .
I think that claim is just not credible . "
In other , other news Meg Hillier , famous round these parts for forgetting to take her ID card to an ID card launch , told the Northern Echo that there was no technical reason why children could not carry ID cards which they would then use to access social networking sites .
This makes a kind of New Labour sense ; they already require millions of adults apply for government passes in order to work or volunteer with children - why not make the kids to do the same thing ? ®
Germany 's largest fishing vessel will leave the Netherlands this week , towed by a giant kite harnessing trade winds for South America that will help cut its fuel consumption by up to a third .
The 15,000 tonne ' Maartje Theadora ' is the first fishing vessel to use the system , in which a 160 square metre blue and white kite similar to a paraglider pulls the ship on a 300 metre rope , assisting its main engine .
" The challenge for us is to see how it works during trawling , because then the ship is not moving from A to B but it 's turning and moving around , " said Diederik Parlevliet , head of fishing firm Parlevliet & Van der Plas , operator of the ship .
It harks back to an earlier maritime age , when merchant ships - especially from the Netherlands - sailed the seas to Asia and the Americas .
Modern steam power replaced sails , cutting travel times and making it more predictable .
Parlevliet said the SkySails system was expected to cut Maartje Theadora 's fuel consumption by about 10 per cent in the first phase of the pilot project , supported by about 780,000 euros ( $ 1.16 million ) of funding from the European Union and Germany .
Some cargo ships already use the kite system , in development since 2005 , but it could be particularly well suited for fishing trawlers , which travel slowly during fishing operations .
Over the next two years of development , Parlevliet said fuel savings through the system , which would also cut greenhouse gas emissions , were projected to increase to up to 30 per cent .
The kite , which can be used at wind speeds from 18 knots , can add 1,000 kilowatts ( kW ) of power to the ship 's 8,000 kW engine .
SkySails hopes to eventually double the system 's power .
Global fisheries account for about 1 per cent of world oil consumption , and emit more than 130 million tonnes of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere annually , according to marine environment protection group Seas At Risk .
- Reuters
The congressman 's office responded by saying he is " not a rubber stamp for special interest politics " :
In what seems intended as a shot across the bow of House Dems wavering on health reform , top officials with the labor powerhouse SEIU have bluntly told a Democratic member that they will pull their support for him — and will likely field a challenger against him — if he votes No on the Senate bill .
Dem Rep Mike McMahon of New York met yesterday with a top SEIU official and told him he ’s likely to vote No , the official tells me .
The official : Mike Fishman , president of SEIU 32bj , the largest property workers union in the country , with 120,000 members in eight states .
Fishman told McMahon that the union would not support him if he voted No — and suggested the hunt for a primary or third - party challenger would follow .
“ He let us know he ’s not supportive of the health care plan , ” Fishman says .
“ We ’ve let him know that we ca n’t support somebody who does n’t support it . ”
“ We are going to begin talking to other unions about finding someone else for that seat , ” Fishman continued .
McMahon enjoyed heavy labor backing when he was elected to his conservative Staten Island district in 2008 .
He voted No on the bill last time but was said to be undecided on the Senate bill , and labor had hoped to win his support for the crucial final vote .
Fishman said SEIU officials were intent on sending a message to other House Dems that they risk losing the union ’s support if they do n’t vote for the bill — and said the union ’s rank and file membership strongly wanted reform to pass .
“ We put an enormous amount of effort into electing Democrats , ” Fishman said .
“ This is the most important issue on everyone ’s plate .
We ’re sending a message to Democrats :
If you ca n’t support this , we ca n’t support you . ”
CQ Products has been developing books and distributing them to the gift industry for more than 30 years .
With top - selling cookbooks , gift books , memory journals , coloring books for adults , and more , CQ Products caters primarily to the gift market for one simple reason – our books make great gifts !
Have a good look at the photos and drawings .
Look at the faces .
Take in the unusual names .
They may not be around much longer .
These are humanity 's vanishing relatives .
Today a group of the world 's leading zoologists reveals the 25 most endangered members of the primates – the biological order which contains monkeys , tarsiers , lemurs , gibbons and the great apes , including , of course , humans .
We may be doing fine , at least in terms of numbers : at 7 pm last night , the human population of the world had reached 6,803,362,494 .
It hit 6 billion in 1999 and will hit 7 billion possibly as soon as next year .
But our primate cousins are in a very different position .
There are just over 630 species in total , and incredible as it may seem , more than 300 are now threatened with extinction , from developments such as the destruction of tropical forests , the illegal wildlife trade and commercial hunting for bushmeat .
This morning , the dangers facing the " top 25 " , the species really living on the edge , will be highlighted at a conference in Bristol Zoo .
The list includes five primate species from Madagascar , six from Africa , 11 from Asia , and three from Central and South America , all of which are now in need of urgent help to survive .
Conservationists want to highlight the plight of species such as the golden headed langur , which is found only on the island of Cat Ba in the Gulf of Tonkin , north - eastern Vietnam , where just 60 to 70 individuals remain .
Similarly , there are thought to be fewer than 100 individual northern sportive lemurs left in Madagascar , and about just 110 eastern black crested gibbons in north - eastern Vietnam .
" The purpose of our Top 25 list is to highlight those that are most at risk , to attract the attention of the public , to stimulate national governments to do more , and especially to find the resources to implement desperately needed conservation measures , " said Dr Russell Mittermeier , chairman of the Primate Specialist Group of the International Union for the Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) .
" In particular , we want to encourage governments to commit to desperately needed biodiversity conservation measures .
We have the resources to address this crisis , but so far , we have failed to act .
The results from the most recent IUCN assessment of the world 's mammals indicate that the primates are among the most endangered vertebrate groups . "
The report gives a fascinating insight into some of the animals which , although they may share a distant common ancestor with us , are hardly known by most of us at all .
Madagascar is home , for example , to the stunning silky sifaka , a wonderful white lemur which is now one of the rarest mammals on earth , whose numbers may be down to no more than 100 because of forest destruction from slash - and - burn agriculture , illegal logging and firewood collection .
Africa holds creatures as remarkable as the rondo dwarf galago , with a tiny frame , huge ears and huge eyes , and the roloway guenon , a strikingly attractive dark - and - white treetop monkey with yellow thighs and a white beard – both shrinking drastically in numbers .
Asia 's vanishing primates include such creatures as the pig - tailed snub - nosed langur – if you can't remember that , it 's also usefully called the simakobu monkey – which is down to perhaps 3,300 individuals on its Indonesian islands , and also , sad to relate , an animal which is very familiar to us , the Sumatran orang - utan .
On Sumatra the " old man of the woods " has had a very rapid recent decline because of deforestation and its population is now thought to be below 7,000 .
Three of the primates on the top 25 come from Central and South America and include the cotton top tamarin , found only in Colombia , with a fantastic white head of hair , and critically endangered .
However , despite the gloomy assessment , conservationists point to the success in helping targeted species recover .
In Brazil , the black lion tamarin ( Leontopithecus chrysopygus ) was downlisted to Endangered from Critically Endangered on the IUCN Red List , as was the golden lion tamarin ( Leontopithecus rosalia ) in 2003 , as a result of three decades of conservation efforts involving numerous institutions , many of which were zoos .
Populations of both animals are now well - protected but remain very small , indicating an urgent need for reforestation to provide new habitat for their long - term survival .
Bill Gates is investing in new ways to address energy needs
A company backed by Microsoft chairman Bill Gates is in talks with Japan 's Toshiba to develop a new generation of nuclear reactors .
Mr Gates ' TerraPower and Toshiba are investigating technology for mini-reactors , which are more cost - efficient than conventional units .
The hope is that the new reactors might be suitable for use in cities or emerging - market countries .
Toshiba emphasised that the two sides were only in early - stage talks .
Mr Gates is the principal owner of TerraPower , which investigates ways to improve emission - free energy supplies using small nuclear reactors .
Japan 's Nikkei newspaper , which first reported the talks , said that Mr Gates could put tens of millions of dollars of his own money into a joint venture with Toshiba .
Developing markets
Mini-reactors could last up to 100 years without refuelling , unlike today 's units which need replenishing every few years .
Toshiba is the world 's third - largest maker of microchips and also owns the Westinghouse reactor design company .
TerraPower is looking into so - called travelling - wave reactors ( TWRs ) , which use depleted uranium as fuel and can last far longer .
" There would be demand for this type of reactor in newly developing countries , " said Deutsche Securities analyst Takeo Miyamoto .
Toshiba is already looking into technology that would enable mini-reactors to last about 30 years without refuelling .
Keisuke Ohmori , a Toshiba spokesman , said : " Toshiba has entered into preliminary talks with TerraPower .
We are looking into the possibility of working together . "
He said that Mr Gates had visited a Toshiba laboratory for nuclear power research near Tokyo last year to discuss the project .
The two sides have begun to " exchange information " but " nothing concrete has been decided on development or investment , " Mr Ohmori said .
It ’s not a good idea for me to be buying seeds online when there is snow on the ground .
Or during February .
Or when the days start getting longer and you see a crocus .
That 's because there is always some little plant that I am lusting after .
This year it was Marshall lettuce – a bright burgundy romaine - type that I saw last year .
In my mind , and perhaps in real life , the critters seem to leave the red lettuces alone .
Anyway , in search of Marshall , I found a lettuce named Drunken Woman .
And then there was green cotton and then …
To advance the thread of another one of CSM ’s Diggin '
It bloggers , here are a few other seed sources for those cold , windy , yet promising days when you think spring is almost here .
Seeds from Italy seeds have been very successful for me .
Big packets of basil , arugula , zucchini , and beans have germinated well in my garden .
Skyfire Garden in Kansas has a nice seed list , and last year I bought several varieties of tomato seed from them .
I found them when I was desperate to locate some Eva ’s Purple Ball seeds .
I love that tomato !
Park Seed had Marshall lettuce , which is so gorgeous .
It ’s a very big company , so they have lots of other things , too .
Things are starting to look up in the garden .
Once freed from the snow , my daffodils grew four inches in one day .
On these quiet days , before spring really starts racing , it is lovely to walk through the woods , see the skunk cabbages emerge , smell the air , and delight in the softness of early spring .
It is too soon replaced by the mad rush of daffodils , tulips , cherries , and growth , growth , growth .
But it wo n't be long .
Donna Williamson is one of nine garden writers who blog weekly at Diggin ' It .
She 's a master gardener , garden designer , and garden coach .
She has taught gardening and design classes at the State Arboretum of Virginia , Oatlands in Leesburg , and Shenandoah University .
She ’s also the founder and editor of Grandiflora Mid-Atlantic Gardening magazine , and the author of “ The Virginia Gardener ’s Companion : An Insider ’s Guide to Low Maintenance Gardening in Virginia . ”
She lives in the Shenandoah Valley of Virginia .
-----
Follow us on Twitter and Facebook .
To read more by Donna , click here .
The Monitor ’s main gardening page offers articles on many gardening topics .
Access all our blog posts here ( keep scrolling down to read more ) ,
If you do n't want to miss any of our gardening coverage , consider subscribing to the RSS feed of the gardening page and the RSS feed of Diggin ' It .
Do visit Gardening With the Monitor on Flickr .
Take part in the discussions and get answers to your gardening questions .
If you join the group ( it ’s free ) , you can upload your garden photos and enter our next contest .
HONG KONG ( MarketWatch ) -- Chinese central bank Gov. Zhou Xiaochuan said China will in due course move away from its current currency - exchange policy , indicating Beijing does n't plan to keep the yuan 's de-facto peg to the U.S. dollar indefinitely , according to reports .
The central banker described China 's foreign - exchange policy as a special response designed to weather the aftermath of the global financial crisis .
But Chinese officials also suggested that the yuan 's appreciation may not begin anytime soon , particularly with China 's trade surplus rapidly shrinking , as its imports rise while its exports remain sluggish .
" We do n't rule out that during some special periods -- such as the Asian financial crisis and the global financial crisis this time -- we adopted special policies , including a special exchange - rate mechanism , " Zhou said at a news briefing Saturday during the annual session of the National People 's Congress , according to a Dow Jones Newswires report .
" Sooner or later , we will exit [ these ] policies , " the central banker said .
China has restricted the local currency 's movements to a very tight range around the current level of 6.82 yuan to a U.S. dollar since July 2008 , apparently to protect the country 's exporters and the millions of jobs they provide .
However , international pressure has mounted on China in recent months to allow the yuan appreciate , with economists also saying that a stronger yuan -- also known as a renminbi -- would even alleviate inflationary pressures on the Chinese economy .
Zhou , meanwhile , did n't indicate any timing for the yuan 's appreciation .
" We must be very cautious about the timing of normalizing the policies , and that includes the renminbi rate policy , " he said , according to a Bloomberg News report .
One reason for the cautious approach is the rapid fall in China 's trade surplus .
Also speaking at a press briefing during the NPC , Commerce Minister Chen Deming said Saturday that China 's trade surplus in the first two months of this year plunged by more than half from a year - earlier .
The nation 's trade surplus in February shrank to $ 8 billion from $ 14.2 billion in the year - earlier month , while the surplus in the first two months of 2010 contracted 50.2 % from about $ 44 billion in the same period a year ago , Chen reportedly said .
While on location in South Africa , we chatted with the sexy Tanit Phoenix , Michelle Van Schaik and others from the new film .
Check out all the gadgets on the Aston Martin DB5 that premiered in Goldfinger .
Ferrari has created a new beast with an interesting name and even more interesting hybrid engine .
Looking for a new hybrid car or other electric vehicle ?
Check out the green car reviews at this green blog .
Lamborghini Murcielago Reventon Roadster photos , Lamborghini Murcielago Rev-Air conversion pics
Cars Home / Stuff to Buy Channel / Bullz - Eye Home
We love sports cars here at Bullz - Eye.com , and this will be the first installment in an ongoing series of profiles of some of the world 's top exotic cars along with some classic muscle cars .
Bullz - Eye model Brittany Myers
poses in front of the Murciélago .
See her full photo shoot !
The 2010 Lamborghini Murciélago Reventon Roadster is a special conversion option offered by Rev-Air of West Palm Beach , Florida .
By utilizing the modern day 2010 Lamborghini Murciélago Roadster , and by supplying it with exact replicas of the limited production Reventon options from Lamborghini , Rev-Air has created a rare masterpiece – a custom Reventon roadster .
The Murciélago Roadster was introduced in 2004 as a 2005 model .
Lambo designers cited the B - 2 stealth bomber as their inspiration for the roadster 's revised rear pillars and engine cover , and that inspiration comes across in the photos of this supercar .
The hard top coupe version on the limited production Reventon model has never been seen as a roadster , until now .
This never - before - seen creation has never been seen before - an exotic custom conversion genius out of Rev-Air .
A sign on the windshield header of the Murciélago advises the driver not to exceed 100 mph with the cloth top in place .
Rev-Air thus created a removable hard top , all in ultra - light - weight carbon fiber , to better complement the entire ensemble and allow his creation to achieve its ultimate top speed .
( Learn more about the carbon fiber hard top at Rev- Air.com )
We shot this spectacular supercar in a studio in West Palm Beach , and we invited the lovely Brittany Myers ( below ) to take part in the shoot .
Brittany brought along some checkered flag swimsuits that perfectly complemented the automobile .
Get your own custom hardtop at Rev-AirHardtop.com !
As you can see from the photos , the Murciélago is exceptionally low , with its roof being just four feet off the ground .
The rear differential is uni-body constructed and integrated into the engine unit , and the four - wheel drive set - up supplies unreal grip , high g force cornering and traction .
Power is sent to the wheels through a six - speed " paddle shift " e gear set - up .
The Murciélago has independent double - wishbone suspension and a combination of carbon - fiber and steel bodywork .
One of my favorite features has the rear spoiler and the air scoops integrated into the car 's shoulders .
These are activated electromechanically , folding out from the body at high speeds to aid aerodynamic performance and provide additional engine cooling .
The 6.8 L V12 engine in this Lambo produces just under 580 HP , launching this Italian rocket from 0 - 60 mph in 3.8 seconds .
The Murciélago also features scissor doors , a classic exotic car feature that we highlighted in many of the photographs .
We were blown away by this custom Lamborghini and we 're grateful for the opportunity to capture some great photographs .
Look for more fresh new creations in future profiles !
Special thanks go out to Byron Hunsberger for all his logistical support !
Click the thumbnails below to see full versions of each photo .
One of the biggest announcements to come out of Wednesday ’s 2010 State of the City Address was Mayor Coleman ’s proposal for a comprehensive curbside recycling program targeted at single - family homes throughout Columbus .
Coleman stated that the recycling program would be created through a public input process this year and is currently proposing a system that would combine recycling and yard waste on a rotation schedule .
“ Recycling is not a luxury .
It is a necessity , and as a necessity it should be a basic neighborhood service , ” said Mayor Coleman during the State of the City .
“ We will seek public input over the coming months about the best way to accomplish this goal .
But we will start this discussion by putting our initial proposal on the table . ”
Additionally , Mayor Coleman released “ Green Memo II ” ( PDF ) an updated plan that includes the curbside recycling effort , the creation of a Green Business Incubator , and new low - interest loan and grant programs aimed at assisting businesses with green building renovations and to help incentivize green development and brownfield site cleanup .
“ We have made tremendous strides in the greening of Columbus through a mix of city initiatives and by inspiring our community to do better , ” said Columbus Environmental Steward Erin Miller in a press release .
“ Through efforts such as improvement of water quality issues , encouragement of transportation alternatives and reduction of natural resource demand , we are creating an environment and quality of life that will lead to business expansion and job growth . ”
More information can be found online at GetGreenColumbus.org .
Turning aged hard drives into clocks has been a common occurrence for years now , but there 's still something magical about this rendition .
Designed and crafted by Svofski , the Strobeshnik relies on the stroboscopic effect to create the illusion of a persistent numeric display .
The HDD platter itself has ten digits , colon and dash marks cut all the way through it , and by carefully timing the light strobes , the illusion is perfected .
Check out a video of the startup just below the break -- and be patient , the payoff is spectacularly sweet .
« previous post | next post »
In an article by Malcolm Moore entitled " Chinese language ' damaged by invasion of English words ' " published this morning in the Telegraph , a Chinese official expresses grave concern at the invasion of English words in his nation 's language .
Huang Youyi , chairman of the International Federation of Translators , makes this alarming prediction : " If we do not pay attention and we do not take measures to stop Chinese mingling with English , Chinese will no longer be a pure language in a couple of years . "
He goes on to state , " In the long run , Chinese will lose its role as an independent language for communicating information and expressing human feelings . "
To ensure that such a horrible fate does not become a reality , Mr. Huang brought forward stern recommendations before the Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference that was held recently in Beijing .
Mr. Huang 's proposals would ban publications from using English names , places , people , and companies .
Aside from the fact that this would put a large crimp in the global aspirations and operations of China Inc. , embarking on the long , slippery slope of language purification — if carried out as energetically and thoroughly as the typical politco - cultural movements of the past 60 years — the Chinese language , quite the opposite of being purified , would end up being seriously impoverished .
No longer would the Chinese be permitted to speak of " lion " dances , " honey " and " honeymoons , " " coral , " " magi / shamans , " " sachima , " " biology , " " religion , " " philosophy , " " economics , " and " republics " ( such as their own people 's republic ! ) , " military affairs , " " journalists , " " factories , " " workshops , " " science , " " physics , " " literature , " " utopias , " " centuries , " " X - rays , " " laser , " " computers , " and countless other terms that form the backbone of everyday discourse .
Perhaps what really worries Mr. Huang is when foreign words are represented in a foreign script .
But there 's an easy way around that : simply transcribe the offending terms in Chinese script .
Here 's a good example of how that could be done :
The first line reads :
欢迎光临
huānyīng guānglín
维尔抗姆突奥窝思 道
wéiěrkàngmǔtūàowōsīdào
" welcome to our store ! "
Incidentally , I know Mr. Huang personally .
He prides himself on his English and was , in fact , an English major when he went to university .
Mr. Huang was my brother Denis ' boss at Foreign Language Press back in the 80s .
His entire professional career has been intimately involved with the study , teaching , and translation of English and other foreign languages .
Since Mr. Huang has been enormously effective in his chosen profession of Sino - English translation , he should not be surprised at the inroads of English in China and in Chinese .
Thanks to Arthur Waldron for bringing Malcolm Moore 's article to my attention .
Permalink
For all those dismayed by scenes of looting in disaster - struck zones , whether Haiti or Chile or elsewhere , take heart : Good acts - acts of kindness , generosity and cooperation - spread just as easily as bad .
And it takes only a handful of individuals to really make a difference .
In a study published in the March 8 early online edition of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , researchers from the University of California , San Diego and Harvard provide the first laboratory evidence that cooperative behavior is contagious and that it spreads from person to person to person .
When people benefit from kindness they " pay it forward " by helping others who were not originally involved , and this creates a cascade of cooperation that influences dozens more in a social network .
The research was conducted by James Fowler , associate professor at UC San Diego in the Department of Political Science and Calit2's Center for Wireless and Population Health Systems , and Nicholas Christakis of Harvard , who is professor of sociology in the Faculty of Arts and Sciences and professor of medicine and medical sociology at Harvard Medical School .
Fowler and Christakis are coauthors of the recently published book " Connected : The Surprising Power of Our Social Networks and How They Shape Our Lives . "
In the current study , Fowler and Christakis show that when one person gives money to help others in a " public - goods game , " where people have the opportunity to cooperate with each other , the recipients are more likely to give their own money away to other people in future games .
This creates a domino effect in which one person 's generosity spreads first to three people and then to the nine people that those three people interact with in the future , and then to still other individuals in subsequent waves of the experiment .
The effect persists , Fowler said : " You do n't go back to being your ' old selfish self . '''
As a result , the money a person gives in the first round of the experiment is ultimately tripled by others who are subsequently ( directly or indirectly ) influenced to give more .
" The network functions like a matching grant , " Christakis said .
" Though the multiplier in the real world may be higher or lower than what we 've found in the lab , " Fowler said , " personally it 's very exciting to learn that kindness spreads to people I do n't know or have never met .
We have direct experience of giving and seeing people 's immediate reactions , but we do n't typically see how our generosity cascades through the social network to affect the lives of dozens or maybe hundreds of other people . "
The study participants were strangers to each other and never played twice with the same person , a study design that eliminates direct reciprocity and reputation management as possible causes .
In previous work demonstrating the contagious spread of behaviors , emotions and ideas - including obesity , happiness , smoking cessation and loneliness - Fowler and Christakis examined social networks re-created from the records of the Framingham Heart Study .
But like all observational studies , those findings could also have partially reflected the fact that people were choosing to interact with people like themselves or that people were exposed to the same environment .
The experimental method used here eliminates such factors .
The study is the first work to document experimentally Fowler and Christakis 's earlier findings that social contagion travels in networks up to three degrees of separation , and the first to corroborate evidence from others ' observational studies on the spread of cooperation .
The contagious effect in the study was symmetric ; uncooperative behavior also spread , but there was nothing to suggest that it spread any more or any less robustly than cooperative behavior , Fowler said .
From a scientific perspective , Fowler added , these findings suggest the fascinating possibility that the process of contagion may have contributed to the evolution of cooperation :
Groups with altruists in them will be more altruistic as a whole and more likely to survive than selfish groups .
" Our work over the past few years , examining the function of human social networks and their genetic origins , has led us to conclude that there is a deep and fundamental connection between social networks and goodness , " said Christakis .
" The flow of good and desirable properties like ideas , love and kindness is required for human social networks to endure , and , in turn , networks are required for such properties to spread .
Humans form social networks because the benefits of a connected life outweigh the costs . "
###
The research was funded by the National Institute on Aging , the John Templeton Foundation , and a Pioneer Grant from the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation .
Republicans ’ lock - step opposition to comprehensive health care reform seems to be as much a matter of politics as principle .
But either way , they have made clear that there is no dialogue or any possible compromise that will persuade them to change their minds .
That means it ’s up to Congressional Democrats to move legislation forward  or throw away a once - in - a - generation opportunity to fix this country ’s broken health care system .
On Wednesday , President Obama called on Congress to quickly take an up - or - down vote .
He and Democratic leaders in Congress are going to have to work overtime to corral skittish members of their caucus .
And Mr. Obama is going to have to keep making the case to the American people that reform is essential for all Americans ’ security and for the nation ’s future fiscal health .
The most straightforward way to enact reform would be for the House  which only needs a majority  to approve the bill passed by the Senate and send it straight to the president for his signature .
Unfortunately , House Democrats appear unwilling to do that .
| RHF Joke Archives |
Is THAT the best you can do ?
I do n't expect you to post all of this , heck I already post it monthly to rec.humor , but for what it 's worth , check THIS out ...
CANONICAL LIST OF FULLDECKISMS Maintained by Alan Silverstein , ajs@fc.hp.com Last update : 960726
Total entries : 1030 A compendium of insults and " not all there " comments from various sources , beginning with rec.humor , April 1987 .
Criteria : Humorousness ; uniqueness of essence ( minimize redundancy ) ; brevity ; consistency ; avoid gender bias , ethnic slurs , and other really offensive material ; keep in sorted order with correct spelling and grammar .
To count entries , run the rest through : tab= ' '; sed " / ^$ tab [ $ tab ] / d " | wc -l " Body by Fisher -- brains by Mattel . "
$ HOME = / dev/null .
3 K RAM free , no EMS .
A .22 caliber intellect in a .357 Magnum world .
A 10 K brain attached to a 9600 baud mouth .
A 20th century man ...
The guy has no future .
A 3.5 - inch drive , but data on punch cards .
A black - and - white mind working on a color - coded problem .
A brain like a BB in a boxcar / box of Corn Flakes .
A butter knife in a prime rib world .
A day late and a dollar short .
A deadbolt with a broken cylinder .
A flash of light , a cloud of dust , and ...
What was the question ?
A gross ignoramus -- 144 times worse than an ordinary ignoramus .
A hop , skip , and jump from success , but to get there he'd have to give up chewing gum .
A kangaroo loose in her top paddock .
A lap behind the field .
A legend in his own mind .
A little light in his loafers .
( Apparently offensive to some ?
Sorry . )
A looney tune .
A medical mystery .
A mental midget with the IQ of a fencepost .
-- Tom Waits
A mind as empty as the sleeping pill concession at a honeymoon hotel .
A mind like wet tennis shoes ...
Makes squishy noises when running .
A modest little person , with much to be modest about .
-- Churchill A natural talent for finding subliminal messages in ice cubes .
A Neanderthal brain in a Cro-Magnon body .
A notch off the timing mark .
A one - bit brain with a parity error .
A pacifist out of necessity in a battle of wits .
A peripheral visionary .
A photographic memory , but the lens cover is glued on .
A poor excuse for protoplasm .
A prime candidate for natural deselection .
A quart low .
A return with no gosub .
A room temperature IQ .
A semitone flat on the high notes .
A square with only three sides .
A teapot with a cracked lid .
A titanic intellect ...
In a world full of icebergs .
A vacuum - tube brain in a microchip world .
A VGA card and a Herc monitor .
A victim of retroactive birth control .
A violin minus the bow .
A walking argument for birth control .
A wind - up clock without a key .
About half smart .
Afraid she 'll void her warranty if she thinks too much .
Airhead / bubble - brain .
Aliens zapped him with a stupidity ray -- twice .
All booster , no payload .
All crown , no filling .
All foam , no beer .
All hammer , no nail .
All hat and no cattle .
All he remembers about his middle name is the first letter .
All his eggs in the same basket .
All his learning curves look like Mount Everest .
All icing , no cake .
All lime and salt , no tequila .
All missile , no warhead .
All of his bytes are odd .
All shot , no powder .
All the lights do n't shine in her marquee .
All the personality of linoleum flooring / plasticene / putty / caulking / saran wrap / a bowl of oatmeal / a plastic spoon .
All the sex appeal of a wet paper bag .
All wax and no wick .
Alphabetizes junk mail / T - shirts / canonical lists .
Always in the right place , but at the wrong time .
Always loses battles of wits because he 's unarmed .
Always needs to have jokes explained .
Always responds to " Make Money Fast " postings on the Net .
Always sharpening his sleeping skills .
Always speaks her mind , so usually she 's speechless .
An 8080 in a 68000 environment .
An alligator .
( All mouth , no ears . )
An Apple //e on UUCP .
An early example of the Peter Principle .
An ego like a black hole .
An example of how the dinosaurs survived for millions of years with walnut sized brains .
An experiment in Artificial Stupidity .
An expert on the historical significance of cottage cheese .
An inch short and a stroke early .
An intellect rivaled only by garden tools .
An XT clone in a Pentium zone .
Ano - fossal ambiguity .
( Ca n't tell his ass from a hole in the ground . )
Another engineering prototype that should not have been shipped .
Answers the door when the phone rings .
Any similarity between him and a human being is purely coincidental .
Any slower and he'd be in reverse .
-- Gignac
As a baby his parents stood him on his soft spot .
As bent as a corkscrew .
As bright as a nightlight / small appliance bulb / tulip bulb .
As focused as a fart .
As happy as if he had brains .
As happy as the village idiot .
As much use as a back pocket in a vest .
( Very English . )
As much use as a lead parachute .
As popular as a French kiss at a family reunion .
As quick as a corpse .
As rare as a nine bob note .
( Very English . )
As sharp as a marble / bowling ball / beachball / pin head / wet sponge / bowl of Jello / mashed potato sandwich , and twice as smart .
As sharp as a bag of wet mice .
-- Foghorn Leghorn
As smart as a politician / lawyer is honest .
As smart as bait / an automatic email responder script .
As smart as Christie Brinkley is ugly .
As thick as champ .
( Irish ; champ is mostly mashed spuds and cabbage . )
As thick as two short planks / two half bricks .
As worn out as a cucumber in a convent .
Attic 's a little dusty .
Back burners not fully operating .
Bad spot on the disk .
Baler done run out of twine .
Bandwidth limited .
Barney 's his hero .
Bats have flown the belfry , and now he 's all alone .
Bats in the belfry .
Batteries not included .
Been napping in front of the ion shield again .
Been one too many times through the wormhole .
Been playing with his wand too much .
Been playing with the pharmacy section again .
Been short on oxygen one time too many .
Been using her head as a mass driver .
Better at sex than anyone ; now all he needs is a partner .
Blew his O -rings .
Blew the hatch before the lock sealed .
Blocked one too many hockey pucks / soccer balls / punches with his head .
Blown / leaking head gasket .
Born a day late and like that ever since .
Born during low tide in / swimming in the shallow end of the gene pool .
Born too late -- he'd have been a great Neandertal .
Born ugly and built to last .
Both oars in the water , but on the same side of the boat .
Brain is running on empty .
Brain like a hard drive with no read / write head .
Brain permanently in power saving / 8 - bit mode .
Brain transplant donor .
Bright as a Zippo lighter without a flint .
Bright as Alaska in December .
Bright as an acetylene torch -- without an oxygen supply .
Brings binoculars to submarine races .
Broadcasts static .
Bubbles / leaks in her think tank .
Buddy breathing with himself .
( SCUBA term . )
Built a special showcase for his herd of pet rocks .
Busier than a one - armed paper hanger .
Busy as a one - legged man in an ass - kicking contest .
Caboose seems to be pulling the engine .
Cackles a lot , but I ai n't seen no eggs yet .
Calling her stupid would be an insult to stupid people .
Calling him a pea brain would be an undeserved compliment .
Calls people to ask them their phone number .
Can be outwitted by a jar of Marshmallow Fluff .
Can discern facts and form predictions with the acumen of an economist .
Can easily be confused with facts .
Can only remember her old passwords .
Can only shoot pool with a left - handed cue stick .
Ca n't count his balls and get the same answer twice .
Ca n't distinguish jacking off and stropping a razor .
Ca n't find his ass with two hands and a periscope / compass / flashlight / bloodhound / GPS receiver ( in a locked closet ) .
Ca n't find his couch in the living room .
Ca n't find log base two of 65536 without a calculator .
Ca n't program his way out of a for - loop .
Car 's only got three wheels , and one 's going flat .
Carrier wave unmodulated .
Carries a tire gauge in her purse .
Cart can't hold all the groceries .
Cauliflower for brains .
Changes hands and picks up a stroke .
Charming as a carbuncle .
Cheats when filling out opinion polls .
Cheezwiz for brains .
Chimney 's clogged .
Clock does n't have all its numbers .
Colder than a well - digger 's ass in the Klondike .
Collects cards for Craig .
Communications with him is limited to ping .
Confused as a baby in a topless bar .
Consumes hard drugs as vitamins .
Contributes to collections like this one without searching first to see if their little gem is already listed .
Contributes to the population problem .
Could be considered a plant if he developed photrophic motility .
Could only be loved / missed if the minister read someone else 's eulogy .
Could n't balance a checkbook if Einstein helped .
Could n't be shown that his ass was on fire with a flashlight and a three - way mirror .
Could n't count to 21 if he were barefoot and without pants .
Could n't figure it out if God gave him the instruction manual .
Could n't find his way through a maze even if the rats helped him .
Could n't get a clue during clue mating season in a field full of horny clues if he smeared his body with clue musk and did the clue mating dance .
Could n't get laid if he crawled up a chicken 's rear end and waited his turn .
Could n't hit sand if he fell off a camel .
Could n't hit the broad side of a barn if he were standing inside .
Could n't hit water if he fell out of a boat .
Could n't organize a piss - up in a brewery .
( Common in Australia . )
Could n't pour water out of a boot with instructions on the heel .
Could n't tell which way the elevator was going if he had two guesses .
Could n't think / pee his way out of a paper bag .
Could n't write dialog for a porno flick .
CPU is always in powersave mode .
CPU not connected to the bus .
Cranial cavity filled with neutronic matter .
( Really dense . )
Cranio - rectally inverted .
Cunning as a dodo bird .
Cursor 's flashing but there 's no response .
Dealing with him is less fun than going to the dentist .
Dealing with him is one angst worse than a blind date .
Deep as her dimples / reflection in a mirror .
Defective hard drive / boot sector .
Dense as a London fog .
Diarrhea of the mouth ; constipation of the ideas .
Differently clued .
--
Dave Clark
Dock does n't quite reach the water .
Does aerobics ... in his head .
Does everything the hard way , like making love standing up in a hammock .
Does n't adjust for leap years .
Does n't consider his drive a slice unless it lands two fairways over .
Does n't have a fart 's prayer in a hurricane .
Does n't have a round in every chamber .
Does n't have all his cornflakes in one box .
Does n't have all his dogs on one leash / cups in the cupboard / groceries in the same bag .
Does n't have all the dots on his dice / pens in her plotter .
Does n't have both oars in the water -- can't even find the damn boat .
Does n't have elastic in both of his socks .
Does n't have his belt through all the loops .
Does n't have sixteen annas to the rupee .
Does n't have the brain power to toast a crouton .
Does n't have the sense God gave an animal cracker .
Does n't have two neurons to rub together .
Does n't just know nothing ; does n't even suspect much .
Does n't know much , but leads the league in nostril hair .
-- Billing Does n't know whether to scratch his watch or wind his balls .
Does n't know which side the toast is buttered on .
Does n't put the cross -hairs on the target .
Does n't quite sample at the Nyquist rate .
Does n't suffer from ear pressure when flying at altitude .
Donated her body to science fiction .
Donated her body to scientists ...
Before she was done using it .
Downhill skiing in Iowa .
Driveway does n't quite reach the garage .
Driving at night with the lights off .
Driving with his tailgate down ( and stuff is falling out ) .
Driving with two wheels in the sand .
Dropped his second stage too soon .
Dumb as asphalt / dirt / a mud fence / a stump / a sack of hammers .
Dumber than a chicken / box of hair / rocks .
During evolution his ancestors were in the control group .
Ears are redirected to / dev/null .
Easier to count the bricks left than the bricks missing .
Echoes between the ears .
Eight pawns short of a gambit .
Elevator does n't go all the way to the top floor / penthouse .
Elevator goes all the way to the top but the door does n't open .
Elevator is on the ground floor and he 's pushing the Down button .
End of season sale at the cerebral department .
-- Gareth Blackstock Enjoys listening to telemarketers .
Enough sawdust between the ears to bed an elephant .
Even a two button mouse gives him too many options .
Evidence for the theory of a missing link .
Failed the Turing test .
Fell out of the family tree .
Fifty - one cards short of a full deck .
Fighting the war with a starter pistol / water pistol / pop gun / cap gun .
Finds a flat by swapping tires .
Finds canonical humor collections amusing .
Finds Sesame Street / knock - knock jokes challenging .
Fired from McDonald 's for having a short attention span .
Fired her retro-rockets a little late .
Flaky .
Flat out like a lizard drinking .
Flying on a cold shot .
( Inadequate force from a steam catapult launch on an aircraft carrier . )
Flying / landing on one engine .
Focused like a 12 gauge shotgun .
Fog rolled in the day he was born , and a bit of it never rolled out .
Folds ace plus red jack hand when playing blackjack .
For those who never forget a face , his is an exception .
Foreign substances float in his cranial fluids .
Forgot to pay his brain bill .
Found his marbles , but is playing jacks with them .
Four bits short of a full DEC .
Four cents short of a nickel .
Full of wisdumb .
Full throttle , dry tank .
Fur coat and no knickers .
( Scottish expression . )
Gasoline engine , diesel fuel .
Gates are down , the lights are flashing , but the train is n't coming .
Gavel does n't quite hit the bench .
Gears grind / do n't always mesh .
Gets a charge out of pissing on electric fences .
Gets her mail at an unknown zip code .
Gets his orders from another planet .
Gets hypnotized on the de-spun section .
Gets parity errors under load .
Gives a lot of bull for somebody what ain't got no cattle .
Goalie for the dart team .
God might still use him for miracle practice .
God 's favorite target for lightning strikes .
Goes with the flow ...
He 's a bed wetter .
Good at quantum tunneling but not much else .
Got a life , but was n't sure what to do with it .
Got his brains as a stocking stuffer .
Got into the gene pool while the lifeguard was n't watching .
Guillotining him would make only an aesthetic difference .
Gyros are loose .
Habits explainable if he was raised by wolves .
Had a head crash .
Half a bubble off plumb .
-- attributed to Mark Twain Happiness is seeing her picture on a milk carton .
Hard to distinguish from the tail end of a horse .
Hard to tell if he has an ace up his sleeve or if the ace is missing from his deck altogether .
Has a bus fault problem .
Has a face only a mother could love -- but she hates it too .
Has a few wait states .
Has a full six - pack but lacks the plastic thing to hold them together .
Has a leak in his ceiling .
Has a one - way ticket on the Disoriented Express .
Has a pulse , but that 's about all .
Has a random memory fault .
Has a slow clock .
Has a sparse matrix .
( Beware , " matrix " comes from the Latin " womb " . )
Has a two - bit operating system .
Has all her bricks , but no cement holding them together .
Has all the brains
God gave a duck 's ass .
Has an inferiority complex , but not a very good one .
Has an IQ one lower than it takes to grunt .
Has change for a seven dollar bill .
Has FINO ( first in never out ) memory .
Has his brain on cruise control again .
Has his solar panels aimed at the moon .
Has it floored in neutral .
Has lots of books , but all he does is lick the ink off the pages .
Has no discretionary intellect .
Has no upper stage .
Has nothing to say , but delights in saying it .
Has only one chopstick in the chowmein .
Has over 1000 funny insults saved in a file , but can't remember any of them .
Has resonance where others have brains .
Has signs on both ears saying " Space for Rent " .
Has so few thoughts that when he free associates , it 's like watching tennis .
Has the attention span of an overripe grapefruit .
Has the brains of a house plant .
Has the Grand Canyon under the crew cut .
Has the IQ of a salad bar / an ice cube / three below houseplant .
Has the keen awareness of an ostrich in hiding .
Has the mental agility of a soap dish .
Has the personality of a snail on Valium .
Has the same talent as Dr. Doolittle .
Has two brains ; one is lost and the other is out looking for it .
Has n't caught on that X and Y are relative values .
Has n't got all his china in the cupboard .
Has n't got the brains
God gave a cat .
Has n't lost his mind -- it 's backed up on tape somewhere .
Having a party in his head , but no one else is invited .
He came , he saw , he clutched .
He can only type in upper case .
He can push but he can't pop .
He demonstrates that beauty times brains is a constant .
He donated his brain to science but they made an early withdrawal .
He fell out of the ugly tree and hit every branch on the way down .
He has a bad brains - to - balls ratio .
He has n't a single redeeming vice .
-- Oscar Wilde
He knows computers ...
He 's not fit for contact with humans .
He writes blank checks on a closed account .
He'd be in big trouble if his wristwatch broke and he had to He 'd screw up a two - car funeral procession .
He 's a General Protection Fault trigger .
He 's a man on a mission , but can't find his dossier .
He 's been invited to every party in town ...
Once .
He 's diagnosable .
He 's not a complete idiot -- some parts are missing .
He 's not stupid ; he 's possessed by a retarded ghost .
He 's really into himself ...
His head is up his ass .
He 's so dense , light bends around him .
He 's so dense , the Titanic would n't sink in his head .
Hears everything that a dog can .
Hears more lyrics on records when they 're played backwards .
Her access time approaches infinity .
Her ancestors came to this country looking for bananas .
Her ass is sucking swamp gas .
Her blender does n't go past " mix " .
Her brain comes with single - bit error detection and half - assed error correction .
Her brain has a corrupted filesystem / someone needs to run fsck on her brain .
Her brain is more like a Rube Goldberg device than a computer .
Her cache is incoherent .
Her dentist went deaf from the drill 's echoes .
Her dialing thumb must be broken .
Her ears serve the same function as holes in a dribble glass .
Her files are compressed 100 % .
Her finals are burned out .
Her head needs a periodic whack on the side .
Her input pipe is broken .
Her interrupt handler hit a loop .
Her leads need resoldering .
Her learning curve is fractal .
Her lint trap is full .
Her lists are unlinked .
Her memory is truly random - access .
Her mental function can be graphed with a single dot .
Her mere presence causes parity errors , power fails , and head crashes .
Her mind is not grounded to a logic supply .
Her mind might have spontaneously combusted .
Her mind would be unstable even mounted on a tripod .
Her modem lights are on but there 's no carrier .
Her objects are not fully oriented .
Her phone does n't quite reach her desk .
Her pool balls do n't fit into the rack .
Her random access is the same as her sequential access .
Her sewing machine 's been out of thread for some time now .
Her ski lift does n't go to the top of the hill .
Her stack has been corrupted .
Her synapses are about | that| far apart .
Her system file has zero bytes .
Her tires are a little low .
Her wipers do n't touch the glass .
Her word length is zero bits .
Hid behind the door when they passed out brains .
High relative humidity ...
He 's lost in a fog .
His .sig is long , boring , and stupid , but it 's the best part of his postings .
His access light 's on , but the drive is n't spinning / is still spinning up .
His accumulator overflows at zero .
His actual mileage varies .
His antenna / radio does n't pick up all the channels / stations .
His boot block is in a bad sector .
His brackets are mismatched .
His brain could be the perfect dielectric .
His brain was sold separately and they were out of stock .
His brain would rattle around in a gnat 's navel .
His buffer is full .
His clutch is slipping .
His data bus stops for red lights .
His deck has no face cards .
His elevator is stuck between floors .
His face is on a coin ...
On the edge .
His family was n't dysfunctional until he arrived .
His freelist is empty .
His future is behind schedule .
-- Bob Thaves
His gene line is n't just dead , it 's extinct .
His golf bag does not contain a full set of irons .
-- Robin Williams
His grades were so bad , after school he could n't even get into prison .
-- Shannon Sharpe
His grey matter is brown / does n't matter .
His head whistles in a cross wind .
His home page is out of order .
His home planet is flat .
His IQ is a false positive .
His jack can't get the car off the ground .
His mind is a few Hertz off its assigned frequency .
His mind is great at error magnification .
His mind is less substantial than the Emperor 's new clothes .
His mind is on vacation but his mouth is working overtime .
-- Allision
His mind is write - protected / write - only .
His mind reached escape velocity and achieved orbit .
His mind wandered and never came back .
His motto is : Space , the final frontier .
His mouth rarely makes calls to his brain .
His outgoing message starts with , " Hello , Mr. Answering Machine . "
His page was intentionally left blank .
His picture is in the dictionary under " zero " .
His pointers are null / uninitialized .
His puzzle is missing a few pieces .
His reaction time is longer than his attention span .
--
Thaves
His root file system is n't mounted .
His seat back is not in the full upright and locked position .
His shared libraries are n't installed .
His signal - to - noise ratio is epsilon .
His spark can't jump the gap .
His spirit guide is a three - toed sloth .
His stack 's not very deep / he has an eight - byte stack .
His strings are n't null - terminated .
His strip is demagnetized .
His system administrator is never in .
His train tracks are n't quite parallel .
His URL denies outside access .
His watch dog is sleeping .
His wisdom is stolen from bumper - stickers and T - shirts .
Hitler 's evil twin .
Hyperspatially interconnected / permanently disconnected neural net .
Hypnotized as a child and could n't be woken .
I would n't piss in his ear if his brain was on fire .
I 'd like to buy him for what he 's worth and sell him for what he thinks he 's worth .
If brains were bird droppings , he'd have a clean cage .
If brains were dynamite , she would n't have enough to blow her nose / her hat off / the wax out of her ears .
If brains were farts , he could n't stink up the inside of a matchbox .
If brains were gasoline , he would n't have enough to drive a dinky car around the inside of a cheerio .
If brains were grains of sand , he could n't fill a dixie cup .
If brains were lard , he'd be hard pressed to grease a small pan .
If brains were taxed , he'd get a rebate .
If brains were water , hers would n't be enough to baptize a flea .
If God tried to help him , we'd have an eight day week .
If he did n't exist , he would n't be worth inventing .
If he donated his brain to science it'd set civilization back 50 years .
If he gets any denser , the geocentric theory of the universe will come true .
If he had a lobotomy he 'd depressurize .
If he had another brain , it would be lonely .
If he had brains , he'd take them out and play with them .
If he had console lights , we would see only the idle loop patterns .
If he had half a brain , his ass would be lopsided .
If he were any brighter he'd be in the visible spectrum .
If he were any more stupid , he'd have to be watered twice a week .
If her brains were put in a hummingbird , it would fly backwards .
If his brain were a hard drive , it would back up on a single floppy .
If his brains were money , he 'd still be in debt .
If his IQ was two points higher he'd be a rock .
If ignorance were bliss , she'd be orgasmic .
If it 's not in his horoscope / tea leaves , he does n't take it seriously .
If not for his scrotum , he would lose his balls .
If sex appeal were dynamite , he could n't blow the cobwebs off his balls .
If she had a disk we could upgrade her with DOS 3.0 .
If she was any dumber , she 'd be a green plant .
If stupidity were a crime , he'd be number one on the Most Wanted list .
If the government ever declared war on stupidity , he'd get nuked .
If there were a merciful God he'd be dead by now .
If they each had half a brain , they 'd still only have half a brain .
If they knock heads , implosion will suck all the air out of the room .
If what you do n't know can't hurt you , she 's practically invulnerable .
If wit were shit , he'd be constipated .
If you called him a wit , you 'd be half right .
If you give him a penny for his thoughts , you get change back .
If you stand close enough to him , you can hear the ocean .
Ignorant , and proud of it .
Immune from any serious head injury .
Immune to caffeine and all other stimulants .
In a tub of Preparation H , he 'd shrink down to thumb size .
In his optimum environment , he'd be locked in a life and death struggle with mushrooms .
In line for brains , thought they said pains , and said , " No , thanks " .
In line for brains , thought they said were handing out milkshakes , and he asked for " extra thick . "
In need of a ROM upgrade .
In serious need of attitude adjustment .
In the shopping mall of the mind , he 's in the toy store .
In touch with her higher power , but out of touch with the rest of us .
Includes a " thank you " note with her tax returns .
Infinite space between her ears .
Informationally deprived .
Inhabits her own private timezone .
Inspected by # 13 .
Inspired the slogan , " A mind is a terrible thing to waste . "
Intellectually / synaptically challenged .
Invented a pencil with an eraser on each end .
Invented a submarine with a screen door .
IQ = dx / ( 1 + dx ) , where x = age .
IQ lower than a snake 's belly in a wagon - rut .
It 's hard to believe he beat 100,000 other sperm .
Just another flash in the bedpan .
Keeps his imagination on a long leash .
Kept an open mind -- and his brains fell out .
Keywords : generalizations clue get Knitting with only one needle .
Knows his sports , but his understanding is limited to violence .
Landing with his gear / brain up and locked .
Leaky sunroof .
Left hand threaded .
Left his booster on the launch pad .
Left the store without all of his groceries .
Leveled off before reaching altitude .
Life by Norman Rockwell , but screenplay by Stephen King .
Lightbulb over his head is burned out .
Lights are on but nobody 's home .
Lights not burning too bright .
Like a barometer -- vacuum at the top .
Like a loose - leaf folder in winter .
Like a one - armed man climbing a rope .
Likes dunking for french fries .
Little red choo-choo's gone chugging ' round the bend / jumped the track .
Lives in La-la - land .
Lives in the same world , but a different universe .
Living proof that nature does not abhor a vacuum .
Long on dry wall , short on studs .
Looking for a nickel in the corner of a circular room .
Looks for the " Any " key .
Looks just like Bill Gates .
Loose chip on the microprocessor board .
Loose wire to his headset / ringer .
Lost his marbles .
Low on thinking gas .
Low - bandwidth as an information source .
Lugnuts rattling in the hubcaps .
Made a career out of mid-life crisis .
Mainspring 's wound too tight .
Makes a black hole look bright .
Makes predictions that make weathermen / economists look good .
Memorized every Dr. Seuss story written .
Mental software is Version 1.0 / still in beta test .
Mentally qualified for handicapped parking .
Metronome needs oil .
Might still be a virgin except for what nature did to her mind .
Mind like a steel sieve .
Mind like a steel trap -- everything gets mangled / full of mice / nothing in , nothing out / rusted shut .
Missed her last four scheduled tune - ups .
Missing a few buttons on his remote control .
Missing a few catalog cards / gears / marbles .
Missing a layer of insulation in his attic .
Monorail does n't go all the way to Tomorrowland .
Mooring lines do n't reach the dock .
More marbles in a spray - paint can than brains in his head .
Mouth is in gear , brain is in neutral .
Moves his lips to pretend he 's reading .
Must have ignored a knock - down pitch .
Nearly on a higher plane , but lost his boarding pass .
Needs a checkup from the neck up .
Needs another brain to make half - wit .
Needs both hands to wipe his behind .
Needs front end alignment .
Needs his disk checked / reformatted .
Needs his sleeves lengthened by a couple of feet so they can be tied in the back .
Network constantly loses packets .
Neurons are firing non-sequentially .
Never finishes a thoug Never had a headcold in her life since diseases can't exist in a vacuum .
Never misses an episode of her screen - saver .
Next - day delivery in a nanosecond world .
-- Van Jacobson
Nice house but not much furniture / nobody lives there .
Nine pence in the shilling .
Nine rooms ; no furniture .
Nineteen cents short of a paradigm .
No bubble in his gauge .
( Refers to a submarine dive gauge . )
No charge in her synapses .
No coins in the old fountain .
No filter in the coffeemaker .
No grain in the silo .
No hands on the rudder / yoke .
No hay in the loft .
No one at the throttle .
No salt in his socks .
( Land - lubber or green sailor . )
No tar in his hemp .
( Tar preserves a hemp ( marijuana ) line ; this phrase means one has been smoking his rope . )
No wind in her mind 's windmills .
Not all his dogs are barking .
Not an idiot , but plays one in his life .
Not as dumb as he looks , but that would be impossible .
Not digging in the same ditch with the rest of us .
Not done evolving yet .
Not enough brain cells for the Prozac to be effective .
Not enough brains to get anywhere NEAR the gutter .
Not enough change to break a dollar / pound / deutschmark / yen .
Not enough sense to come in out of the rain .
Not enough sense to stay out in the rain .
( Like a 60's flower child . )
Not firing on all four / six / eight cylinders .
Not firmly seated in the socket / screwed in tight .
Not hard - docked .
Not inflated to 90 PSI .
Not Intel Inside .
( Or , given Pentium problems , just : Intel inside . )
Not much to show for four billion years of evolution .
Not only rude , but ugly too .
Not playing with / dealing from a full deck ( -- not even in the game ) .
Not running on full thrusters .
Not shooting pool on a level table .
Not the brightest bulb on the Christmas tree / light in the harbor .
Not the full quid .
Not the same since they took him off his medication .
Not the sharpest knife in the drawer / tool in the shed / nail in the box .
Not Turing equivalent .
Not worth henshit on a pump handle .
Not worth pissin ' on .
Not wrapped too tight .
Nothing between the stethoscopes .
Nothing on her radar .
Numb as a post / pounded thumb .
Number 'n a hake .
( New England expression ; a notoriously stupid fish . )
Nutty as a fruitcake .
Off by one .
Off his rocker / trolley .
Oil does n't reach his dipstick .
On permanent / unexcused leave of absence from his senses .
On the batting end of a no-hitter .
One bead short in her rosary .
One bean short of chili .
One beer short of a six - pack / a six - pack short of a case .
One bird short of a flock .
One bit short of a byte / word .
One block short of a filesystem .
One board short of a porch .
One bomb / melon short of a full load .
One boot stuck in the sand .
One brick short of a wall / hod / load / pile .
One bumper / rail short of a bank shot .
One bun / donut short of a dozen .
One car short of a chase scene .
One card / marble short of a full deck .
One chapter short of a novel .
One chicken short of a henhouse .
One chip short of a cookie .
One chip short of a megabyte .
One clearance short of landing / taking off .
One clown short of a circus .
One clue short of a solution .
One cold solder joint .
One color short of color - coordinated .
One couplet short of a sonnet .
One cup and saucer short of a place setting .
One cylinder short of a full re-format .
One diamond short of a ring .
One dimension short of reality .
One doughnut short of being a cop .
One drool bib short of neat and tidy .
One drop short of an empty bladder .
One ear short of a bushel .
One feather short of a whole duck .
One fish short of a string .
One flower short of an arrangement .
One flying buttress short of a cathedral .
One foot in the future , one foot in the past , pissing on the present .
One french fry / hamburger short of a Happy Meal .
One Froot Loop short of a full bowl .
One fruit short of a basket .
One gene short of a full chromosome .
One goose short of a gaggle .
One guppy short of an aquarium .
One handle short of a suitcase .
One hot pepper short of an enchilada .
One inch short of a foot / yard .
One inspection short of passing .
One kernel short of an ear .
One kopek short of a ruble .
One link short of a chain .
One live brain cell away from being a talking monkey .
One measure short of a staff .
One miracle short of being where he thinks he 's at .
One miracle would n't be enough to help him .
One node short of a network .
One nut short of a full pouch .
One of the early failures of electroshock therapy .
One open splice .
One pancake short of a stack .
One pane short of a window .
One pea short of a pod / casserole .
One pearl short of a necklace .
One pickle short of a jar .
One pie short of a holiday .
One plane short of an Air Force / hangar .
One point short of a polygon .
One prayer short of absolution .
One press short of a CAPS LOCK key .
( Types all uppercase . )
One punch / swing / hit short of a fight .
One revision behind .
One sandwich / apple / ant short of a picnic .
One saucer short of a tea-service .
One scallop short of a seafood platter .
One screw loose .
One sentence short of a paragraph .
One shade short of a rainbow .
One sheep short of a sweater .
One shingle short of a roof , and the water 's getting in .
One ship short of a full fleet .
One shot short of a chain .
( Shot is a section of anchor chain . )
One shot short of a locker .
( Shot is ammunition ; a locker is where it 's stored . )
One shrimp short of a barbie .
One side short of a pentagon .
One signature short of a book .
One slate short of a full roof .
One sleeve / button short of a shirt .
One snowflake short of a ski slope .
One sock short of a pair .
One song short of a musical .
One span short of a bridge .
One spoon short of a full set .
One steering wheel / bolt short of a Yugo .
One step short of the attic .
One straw short of a bale .
One strawberry short of a quart .
One strike past being called out .
One sub short of a party platter .
One suit short of a full deck .
( A half - wit . )
One taco / enchilada short of a combination plate .
One teabag short of a pot .
One tilde short of a full URL .
One tile missing from his space shuttle .
One tile short of a successful re-entry .
One too many lights out in his Christmas tree .
One tower short of a castle .
One tree short of a hammock .
One vine short of the tree .
( For Tarzan types . )
One volt below threshold .
One weight short of a shipwreck .
One yard short of the hole .
Only one oar in the water .
Only playing with 51 cards .
Only playing with the jokers .
Operating in stand - by mode .
Ought to have a warning label on his forehead .
Out there where the buses do n't run .
Outlet is n't grounded .
Over the rainbow .
Overdue for reincarnation .
Overruns above 110 baud .
Paged / swapped out .
Paralyzed from the neck up .
Parents beat him with an ugly stick .
Parked his head and forgot where he left it .
Pedaling real fast , but not getting anywhere .
People around her are at risk of second hand idiocy .
Perfect chassis , bad driver .
Perfect face for Halloween .
Perfect percussionist for an acapella group ( duh , duh , duh ... )
Perfect training subject for apprentice hypnotists .
Permanently out to lunch .
Permanently rotated 90 degrees from the rest of us .
Phototrophic on a better day .
Pins 2 and 3 ( RS - 232 ) permanently connected to ground .
Playing an endgame with a king and no other pieces .
Playing baseball with a rubber bat .
Playing hockey with a warped puck .
Playing Scrabble , but we can't figure out what words he 's building .
Plays pinochle with a poker deck .
Plays solitaire ...
For cash .
Plays tennis with no net and finds it challenging .
Plenty of myelin but not enough neurons .
Plenty of salt in the shaker , but no holes in the cap .
Posts empty articles to the Net , and enjoys rereading them later .
Prefers three left turns to one right turn .
Pressure 's up , but there 's a slow leak somewhere .
Produces a zero - length core dump .
Proof God did die back in the 60s .
Proof God has a sense of humor .
Proof of Einstein 's theory that there is no limit to human stupidity .
Proof that evolution CAN go in reverse .
Put a lens in each ear and you 've got a telescope .
Puts a finger in his ear so the draft through his head is n't annoying .
Putting his brain on the edge of a razor blade would be like putting a pea on a six lane highway .
Qualifies for the mental express line -- five thoughts or less .
-- MacNelly Quotes entire letters / articles as responses and hides her one line of wisdom in the middle .
Racing fifty yards with a pregnant woman , he 'd come in third .
Reading from an empty / blank / unformatted disk .
Reads her newspaper back - to - front .
Reads Homer in the original Greek , but does n't know Greek .
Ready to check in at the HaHa Hilton .
Ready to join the Anti-Mensa Society .
Receiver is off the hook .
Relatively three - dimensional , as fictional characters go .
Renewable energy source for hot air balloons .
Reposts this list when someone asks for it , but it 's an old copy .
Reset line is glitching .
Result of a first cousin marriage .
Result of God 's experiments to see if humans can function without a brain .
Room for rent , unfurnished .
RS232C brain with a DIN connector .
Running at 300 baud .
Running on a 286 .
Running open .
( Old mechanical teletype term . )
Running U.S. appliances on British current .
Runs squares around the competition .
Rusty springs in the mousetrap .
S p a c e d o u t .
Sailboat fuel for brains .
Sailing with a short seabag / a few skivvies short of a seabag .
( Contains all of a sailor 's possessions including underwear . )
Sat under the ozone hole too long .
Sending back packets , but the checksums are wrong .
Serving donuts on another planet .
Settled some during shipping and handling .
Seven cans short of a six - pack .
Seven seconds behind , and built to stay that way .
Several nuts over fruitcake minimum .
Sharp , like stone in river .
Swift , like tree through forest .
She can piss standing up , but not much else .
She does n't suffer from insanity ; she enjoys every minute of it .
She fears success , but really has nothing to worry about .
--
Thaves
She only packed half a sandwich .
She only schedules zombie processes .
She wears a pony tail to cover up the valve stem .
She worries about the calories licking stamps and envelopes .
She 'll be just fine as soon as virtual reality arrives .
She 's a screensaver : Looks good , but useless .
Short a few cards .
Short - circuited between the earphones .
Should be the poster child for family planning .
Should have kept his helmet on while riding / playing .
Single - sided , low density .
Sitting in the right pew , but the wrong church .
Skating on the wrong side of the ice .
Skylight leaks a little .
Slept too close to his radium - dial watch .
Slinky 's kinked .
Sloppy as a soup sandwich .
Slow as molasses in January .
Slow out of the gate .
Smarter than the average bear .
Smoke does n't make it to the top of his chimney .
So boring , his dreams have Muzak .
So clueless , he could BE God and still be an atheist .
So dim , his psychic carries a flashlight .
So dumb , blondes tell jokes about him .
So dumb , he faxes face up .
So dumb , his dog teaches him tricks .
So far gone , hard drugs push him closer to normal .
So fat , people jump over him rather than go around .
So slow , he has to speed up to stop .
So slow , we drive stakes in the ground to measure his progress .
So stupid , he tries to drown fish .
So stupid , mind readers charge her half price .
So ugly , robbers give him their masks to wear .
Solid concrete from the eyebrows backwards .
Some Assembly Required .
Some bugs in his software .
Some drink from the fountain of knowledge , but he just gargled .
Some of her inodes have nodded off .
Some pages missing .
Somebody lend her a quarter to buy a clue .
Somebody put a stop payment order on his reality check .
Someday when she 's younger , she 'll ________ .
Someone blew out his pilot light .
Someone else is doing the driving for that boy .
Someone let the air out of her lock .
Sort of like an inverse Einstein .
Source code is missing a few lines .
Speaks math / FORTRAN better than English .
Spent a decade on the leading edge of drug experimentation .
Still boots to DOS .
Still sending messages with his secret decoder ring .
Still traumatized from the forest fire in " Bambi " .
Stocksy - babes .
( A truly vile British - slang insult . )
Strong , like bull .
Smart , like tractor .
Beautiful , like KV - 2 . ( A WWII era Russian tank . )
Stuck on the down escalator of life .
Stumped by anything child - proof .
Subtle as a well - thrown brick .
Suffers from Clue Deficit Disorder .
Suffers from permanent rapture of the deep .
( Nitrogen narcosis . )
Supports nativist theories that man is formed from clay .
Surfing in Nebraska .
Swimming on a cold shot .
( Inadequate ejection force for a torpedo . )
Switch is on , but no one 's receiving .
Takes her 1.5 hours to watch " 60 Minutes " .
Takes her an hour to cook minute rice .
Takes his imagination out for a walk and ends up being dragged around the block by it .
Talks to plants on their own level .
Team player ...
No chance he 'll develop a personality on his own .
Teflon brain -- nothing sticks .
-- Lilly Tomlin
The best part of him ran down his mother 's legs .
-- Jackie Gleason
The butter slipped off his noodle .
The cheese slid off his cracker .
The definitive answer is :
Her glass is half empty .
The fan is working but the freon 's leaked out .
The going got weird , and he turned pro .
The heater 's plugged in but the rheostat 's shot .
The only place she 's ever invited is outside .
The perfect personality to write software manuals .
The space between his ears powers vacuum pumps .
The spit valve 's fallen off his trumpet again .
The twinkle in his eyes is actually the sun shining between his ears .
The two put together have an IQ over 150 .
The wheel 's spinning but the hamster 's dead .
There are great people in the world , but she 's not one of them .
There she sits , Finite State Automaton at its best .
There 's nothing wrong with you that could n't be cured with a little Prozac and a polo mallet .
-- Woody Allen
They must have done a clean boot on him .
Thick as a brick / whale omelette .
Thick as pig dung and twice as smelly .
Thinks " Private Enterprise " means owning a personal starship .
Thinks a permutation is a medical procedure .
Thinks at 5 baud .
Thinks cellular phones are carbon - based life forms .
Thinks E=MC^2 is a rap star .
Thinks everyone else is entitled to his opinion , like it or not .
thinks in lower case and types accordingly
Thinks like a boar hog looks at a wristwatch .
Thinks male zebras are the ones with the black stripes .
Thinks Moby Dick is a kind of venereal disease .
Three - bag / coyote ugly .
( Ask your mommy to explain . )
Throws his rod and reel off the bridge when casting .
( I resemble that remark . -- editor )
Too dumb to be bothered when publically displaying her ignorance .
Too many birds on her antenna .
Too many jokers and not enough aces in his deck .
Too many stop bits in his transmissions .
Too much yardage between the goal posts .
Too pointless to even be called a pinhead .
Took the little bus to school .
Top paddock is full of rocks .
Toys in the attic .
Train of thought derailed / still boarding at the station .
Traveling faster than light , but left his sneakers behind .
Traveling without a passport / towel .
Tried welding two 2x4s together and burned down his house .
Trips over cordless phones .
Truck can't haul a full load .
Truly believes " neural network " is a new Ted Turner enterprise .
Trying out for the javelin retrieval team .
Tuning in shortwave with a TV antenna .
Two bits short of a word / dollar .
Two degrees off square .
Two inches taller than spherical .
Types 120 words a minute but her keyboard is n't plugged in .
Uglier than a hat full of assholes .
( Whatever that means . )
Ugly as a warthog and half as smart .
Unclear which of Newton 's three laws of motion keeps his ears apart .
Understands English as well as any parrot .
Used to have a handle on life , but it broke .
Useful as a chocolate teapot .
Useful as a football bat .
Useful as a hip pocket on a T - shirt .
Useful as a kickstand on a horse .
Useful as a mint - flavored suppository .
Useful as an ashtray on a motorcycle .
Useful as dinosaur repellent .
Useful as piss on a forest fire .
Useful as tits on a bullfrog / bull / boar - hog .
Uses all three functional neurons for his best work .
Uses his head best for rolling Easter eggs .
Uses his head to keep the rain out of his neck .
Uses thumbtacks to post notes -- on his refrigerator .
Uses two hands to eat with chopsticks .
Using a 1S - 2D floppy for brains in a world of hard disks .
Vacancy on the top floor .
Vacuuming linoleum using a deep - pile setting .
( Not picking up anything . )
Vaginally challenged , and preoccupied with the problem .
Vertically - fornicated mind .
Views mold as a higher life form .
Warranty expired .
Was born an acrobat but landed on his head .
Was born when the planets were misaligned .
Was first in line for brains , but ended up holding the door open .
Was left on the Tilt - A - Whirl a bit too long as a baby .
Was napping in the nut pile the day God was cracking nuts .
Was n't abused as a child , but should have been .
Was n't fully debugged before being released .
Was n't strapped in during launch .
Watches " Beavis and Butthead " to learn vocabulary .
Watching programs not listed in TV Guide .
We 're all missing cards from our decks -- and different cards , too .
Went in for repairs but was n't tightened with a torque wrench .
Went to the dentist to have his cranial cavity filled .
When a thought crosses her mind , it 's a long and lonely journey .
When God said , " Come forth for brains , " he came fifth .
When he was compiled they forgot to #include < smarts .h>/< iq.h>/< charm.h >.
When she was born the doctor tried to kill her .
When they handed out brains he got the short end of the stick .
When they said " drain " , he thought they said " brain " .
Whole lotta choppin ' , but no chips a flyin ' .
Wise as the world is flat .
With one more neuron he'd have a synapse .
Wo n't eat eggs because he believes the " This is your brain " ads .
Would make an excellent illustration in a proctology textbook .
Would n't make any sense if she ever made sense .
Zero K memory .
( From the " Rest " of RHF )
| RHF Joke Archives |
Exclusive to STR
There are several reasons why the State will never win the Drug War , but one not often discussed is the Arndt - Schultz Law .
It is a biological law that states , " Small doses stimulate , medium doses poison , and large doses kill . "
Probably the best - known examples of this law are vaccines .
They are small doses that stimulate the body 's immune system to defend against disease .
A medium dose of the vaccine would poison , and a large dose would kill .
The Arndt - Schultz Law is also the reason why homeopathy works : a very small dose ( in homeopathy 's case , vanishingly small ) stimulates the body to heal itself .
As for illegal drugs , coca leaves would be considered a small dose , cocaine a medium dose , and crack a large dose .
Or , opium would be a small dose , morphine a medium dose , and heroin a large dose .
Each succeeding dose is more concentrated than the one before , and therefore " larger . "
This applies to alcohol also :
Beer and wine are small doses , the liquors are medium , and the hard liquors are large doses , because each one is more concentrated and potent than the one before .
Apparently the same thing has happened to marijuana ; growers have learned to breed the plants to greatly increase the THC content in them .
When this law is applied to the misnamed War on Drugs , what smugglers do makes a great deal of sense .
It is much easier to smuggle a small amount of heroin and crack than a large amount of opium and coca leaves .
If you were a smuggler , what would you rather do -- try to sneak in a truckload of opium or coca leaves , or a small suitcase of heroin or crack ?
The suitcase .
It 's smaller , easier to conceal , and worth just as much , if not more , money .
What the War on Drugs has done , then , is two things :
It has made it easier to smuggle , and it has increased the potency of the drugs .
Making drugs illegal has made them more powerful .
One of the problems with Americans is that we think there is a solution to every problem :
Some of us think we can eradicate the drug problem in this country .
But as Thomas Sowell has pointed out , sometimes there are no solutions ; there are just trade - offs .
There are , unfortunately , some people who are always going to use drugs .
My experience with them is that their use is n't a criminal problem ; it 's a medical and oftentimes a spiritual problem ( William James once commented the best cure for " dipsomania is religiomania " ) .
I think Jesus ' saying about the poor always being with us was n't directed at people without much money .
It was directed at those who are poor in character .
Since these kind of " poor " are always going to be with us , the question is :
How do we reduce their numbers as much as possible ?
The solution ?
Legalize drugs , and let drug users have access to opium and coca leaves .
Those who argue against legalization claim it will reduce the price and increase the potency of the drugs , and therefore increase addiction .
My answer :
How much more potent and cheap can illegal drugs get ?
As for availability , I have people on the street corner trying to flag me down .
My experience with addicts is that they are self - medicating .
I have known people who have used everything I have ever heard about .
If they had legal access to less powerful drugs ( such as coca leaves ) , many would choose the more mild , less dangerous , longer - lasting high than the horrendous up - and - down that crack brings .
The same with heroin : Many might choose the opium over the heroin .
The people I know ( the ones who are still alive ) used the harder drugs because they did n't have access to anything softer .
They told me this .
Under this scenario , drug smuggling would vanish overnight , and much of the crime associated with addicts attempting to get money for their habits .
Addiction would go down , not up .
There were turf wars over booze during Prohibition , but not anymore .
The same would apply to now - illegal drugs .
I have never seen a shoot - out over Ripple or MD 20/20 .
It is impossible to seal the borders .
Even if the government strip - searched every person coming into the country , drugs would still get through , somehow .
Not once in the history of the world has any government stopped drug use and drug smuggling .
As things stand right now , we are throwing billions at a problem we can't fix .
The government might as well burn the money for all the good it does .
There would be some more added benefits if opium and coca leaves were legal , none of which have anything to do with Arndt - Schultz , but which have everything to do with self - responsibility and being treated like an adult .
However , all of this is too simple and too smart , and the State , unfortunately , is neither .
The US is still holding about 200 prisoners at Guantanamo Bay China has criticised a Swiss offer of asylum for two ethnic Uighur Chinese inmates at the US military prison at Guantanamo Bay .
" The position of Switzerland will surely undermine China - Switzerland relations " a Chinese foreign ministry spokesman told the AFP news agency .
Switzerland had agreed on Wednesday to take two Uighurs from Guantanamo Bay for humanitarian reasons .
China says all of the Guantanamo Uighurs are terrorist suspects .
It says they should be returned to China to face justice .
The spokesman , Ma Zhaoxu , repeated China 's position that the two Uighurs were members of the East Turkestan Islamic Movement , a group listed by the UN as a terrorist group .
" Every country has international obligations , and so has Switzerland " he added .
New homes Swiss Justice Minister Eveline Widmer - Schlumpf said the decision had been made for humanitarian reasons , not diplomatic or economic ones .
She said the two men did not pose a security risk and should be able to find jobs once they had arrived at their new homes in the canton of Jura , in north - west Switzerland .
They were captured in Afghanistan with 20 other Uighurs but not later classified as " enemy combatants " .
The US says it cannot repatriate them because of a risk they would be mistreated .
Instead , the US has found homes in Albania , Bermuda and the Pacific island nation of Palau for most of the group .
Once the two are sent to Switzerland , which is expected to happen in the next month , five of the Uighurs will be left in Guantanamo .
The Uighurs are a mainly - Muslim , Turkic - speaking minority based in western China 's Xinjiang region .
US President Barack Obama has been trying to close the prison , but there are still about 200 detainees there .
Switzerland has taken one other Guantanamo inmate , an Uzbek man .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The summer of 1967 sealed the fate for the future of Toronto .
The city was on the verge of a revolution that would see the community reclaim the urban landscape to create a Mecca for the bohemians to hang out and relax – free from the toxic exhaust fumes that had smothered the city .
It was the Summer of Love – the height of the hippie movement that pitted a new generation of youngsters against their World War II era fathers – and the city of Toronto was at a crossroads between turning downtown into a network of “ thoroughfares ” and reclamation of the streets by its citizens .
Toronto ’s Haight Ashbury , its Greenwich Village was formed on an uptown street called Yorkville Ave .
Hundreds and sometimes thousands of people congregated here – spilling off the sidewalk and the roadway .
Motorists drove through Yorkville
Ave just to catch a glimpse of the “ hippies ” – or the zoo – as former mayor Allan Lamport put it .
27 - year - old film director – the late Robin Spry followed the “ hippies ” in his film Flowers on a One - Way Street , in which he begins : “ Out in California , the search for a different way of life is helped by the physical environment .
But here in Toronto , the hippie community revolves around a small overcrowded street called Yorkville Avenue ”
Tensions and exhaust fumes were building in the Summer of Love , and a local group called the Diggers – led by the cool , calm , charismatic 23 - year - old David DePoe – wanted to turn Yorkville Avenue into a car - free zone :
“ Exhaust fumes are polluting the atmosphere and people are getting run over .
It tends to create an atmosphere that does n’t make it a pleasant place to be ”
DePoe staged a 3 - day sit -in where the Diggers peacefully occupied Yorkville Avenue to call on city officials to agree to turn it into a car - free zone .
DePoe was completely shocked when the police were ordered to use whatever force necessary to remove the protestors .
Kids were dragged by their hair – some beaten – before being thrown into paddywagons and sent to jail .
In response to the force used by the police , Metro Toronto Chairman William Randall Allen responded :
“ I offer no criticism whatsoever of the activities or the conduct of the police department .
It has to be established and known once and for all that in Metro Toronto when there is mobs and gangs , who seek out as a group to defy law and order then they are going to be treated exactly as the circumstances call for .
Our police were required to use force in order to clear a pathway down a street which is a public thoroughfare . ”
More than 40 years later , it is obvious who won the battle .
Yorkville Avenue lost to gentrification – becoming an upscale shopping mall free of the hippies and musicians who occupied it in droves during the Summer of Love – and automobiles still pass through Yorkville Avenue to this day .
But the summer of 1967 was a time when the citizens of Toronto stood up for what they believed in and fought those in power to improve their community .
The hippies were seriously concerned about where North America was headed :
“ We ’re talking about changes in values – and we ’re not talking about a man being judged by his property .
We ’re talking about him being judged by his personal worth .
He ’s a member of the community because he is a person .
And he has as much right to be a member of that community as anyone else .
It ’s very clear that the structure of the city government is not geared to handling social movements of this kind .
Yet these social movements are happening in the city .
You know what about that ?
It ’s pretty serious ” David DePoe
Allan Lamport and David DePoe – Photo courtesy of the York University Archives , Toronto TelegramCollection
Could David DePoe ’s social movement happen in 21st century Toronto ?
Could a group of concerned citizens in 2010 storm City Hall like DePoe did in 1967 ?
Would these concerned citizens be willing to spend time in jail and obtain a criminal record for what they believe in ?
Or have Toronto ’s citizens simply become complacent ?
If not for the likes of David DePoe and Jane Jacobs , we would surely be worse off than we are .
But we still have a long way to go and a new generation of advocates are emerging in the form of the Toronto Cyclists Union , the Toronto Pedestrian Committee , Spacing Magazine , and Toronto ’s renown volunteer advocate Dave Meslin – just to name a few .
Advocacy in 2010 is different than in 1967 – as we saw last week when we revealed rumours from inside City Hall that Toronto ’s bike sharing program may be in jeopardy .
We e-mailed our fellow cycling advocates , we tweeted up a storm , we blogged , we sent letters to our city councillors , the mayor .
The mainstream media then followed up – with articles from the National Post and the Toronto Star that confirmed Toronto ’s bike sharing scheme is in flux .
This is how advocacy works in 2010 .
When people give a shit , word spreads .
But would these same advocates be willing to spend several nights camping outside City Hall in protest ?
Would they be willing to be dragged by their hair and thrown in the Don Jail for the cause ?
Hopefully we wo n’t have to find out .
Yorkville ended up the way the powers that be wanted it to end up – a clean , upscale shopping mall free from the dirty hippies .
Has Toronto accepted its fate as a city of automobiles and upscale shopping centres ?
Can the city retain the Kensington Markets of modern day Toronto ?
Or will Kensington become what Yorkville has become through gentrification ?
It is up to us to see a better future for Toronto .
A city where our streets are a pleasant place to be – not a city where we are merely rushed along .
E -mail your councillor and tell them that you support liveable streets that embrace community over traffic flow .
Tell a business owner that you showed up by bike or by foot , and that car - free communities can attract more customers .
Tell them to visit Prince Arthur street in Montreal if they do n’t believe you – or almost any city in Europe .
Vote for politicians who support initiatives that provide alternatives to driving cars .
In 1965 , Jane Jacobs said :
“ Not TV or illegal drugs but the automobile has been the chief destroyer of American communities . ”
James D. Schwartz is the editor of The Urban Country .
You can contact James at james.schwartz@theurbancountry.com .
Related Articles :
Catchy one - liner ( “ interesting , ” with link ) :
In this part of the blog post , Bruce quotes something from the article he links to in the catchy phrase .
It might be the abstract to an academic article , or the key points in a subject he ’s trying to get across .
To get the post looking right , you have to include at least a decent sized paragraph from the quoted source or otherwise it just looks like crap .
So I will continue typing another sentence or two , until I have enough text to make this look like a legitimately quoted paragraph .
See , now that was n’t so hard after all .
Han var en af de mægtigste i amerikansk politik .
Det er han ikke mere – og det illustrerer Trumps problem
Han var en af de mægtigste i amerikansk politik .
Det er han ikke mere – og det illustrerer Trumps problem
AT&T's Zero Charger will save the world and help trees to grow .
Just kidding , but that 's just what the promo shot of the new cellphone charger would have you believe .
The charger is a significant announcement though , as it solves an environmental problem most people do n't know exists : Vampire draw .
Vampire draw is the trickle of power that a charger pulls when left in the wall , even if there is no device plugged in .
While small , if you add up all the chargers in the world , the numbers quickly get big .
AT&T 's new Zero Charger fixes this by switching itself off completely as soon as the phone is fully charged .
This would be great for my dad who inexplicably leaves his cellphones plugged in all the time except when he leaves the house .
The Zero Charger is in fact a USB charger , so it 's good for iPods and other devices , too .
It should really come with every one of AT&T 's cellphones , but it appears that you 'll have to buy one ( big surprise .
Thanks AT&T ) .
Given that anyone savvy enough to buy the Zero Charger is also likely to already unplug their chargers , it seems more like a rather pointless PR exercise .
Save Your Planet AT&T ZERO Charger – Coming Soon !
[ AT&T via DVICE ]
Diaper Free ! By Nicole Moore
[ download doc ]
Nappy / diaper free , elimination communication , natural infant hygiene … all names for a system of toileting so ancient that it probably precedes names altogether !
This very natural , gentle , environmentally friendly way of dealing with your babies waste is based on the belief that babies are aware of their elimination processes from birth and are able to communicate this awareness , and that sphincter control is learnt from birth in a gradual process until full control is reached , somewhere between 1 and 2 ½ years of age .
“ Chinese parents practise this style of elimination communication as they believe that eating and eliminating are co-existing elements and should be given equal importance for good health . ”
Says Laurie Boucke in her book , Infant Potty Training .
The nappy / diaper free method begins with observation on the part of the carers .
This can take place at any time from birth onwards , but will probably be easier with a younger baby , whilst he or she retains an awareness of and communicates their elimination needs in some way .
Many babies lose this awareness around 6 months , and this method is more difficult after that time .
It involves the child being bare bottomed , so that the carer can see exactly when urination or defecation has taken place , and the signs or body language that the baby gives prior to elimination .
It is very easy to have a newborn that does n’t yet roll lying on a small blanket , or a cloth nappy that can washed if soiled .
There is an increased likelihood of mess when starting with an older child , but as the carer comes to know their child ’s patterns , this is reduced very quickly .
Weighing up the time spent cleaning up your child ’s mess , as opposed to washing cloth nappies is a little redundant here because with this system you are doing more than dealing with your child ’s wastes .
You are also enhancing your communication and bond with your baby , moving gently towards early toileting independence , removing the risk of genital rashes and saving heaps of energy and water used in washing cloth nappies and / or all the money that you would otherwise be spending on disposables .
As Sarah Buckley , GP and mother of four notes , “ Elimination Communication also makes a beautiful contribution to my experience of mindfulness in my mothering .
Like breastfeeding it keeps me close to my baby , physically and psychologically , and provides immediate feedback when I am not tuned in …
The beauty of E.C has been in the process , not in the outcome , however remarkable and convenient . ”
The nappy / diaper free way of dealing with your babies elimination , shows respect for your baby ’s needs , openness to their communication and willingness to respond .
When you have become aware of some patterns emerging around their elimination needs and communications - for example , most babies eliminate upon awakening , or after a feed and will often wriggle or show discomfort prior to elimination – you can begin to hold them out over a bucket , potty , toilet or even a garden bed when you suspect it may be time .
It is a good idea to experiment with different positions for holding your baby during elimination , as what is comfortable for you and your babe will differ according to their age and size , and where elimination is taking place .
A supported squat is commonly used ; with the baby ’s back resting against your chest , where they feel safe and secure , and your hands holding them underneath each thigh .
The baby ’s bottom is pointed slightly away from your body to avoid mess .
This open position actually helps the baby to release their bowels , a handy advantage in those early months when small babies may have a struggle to release .
You can also use a cueing sound when you hold the baby out , which can be anything you like , different for urination and defecation or the same for both .
Some carers use a “ psss ” noise , and others others make up their own .
Consistency is the key , and the same sound / s should be used by any carers who are using the nappy / diaper free method with the babe .
This helps to establish a communication link the baby gives a sign or signal and is held out in a similar position , with the same sounds .
Very quickly the baby begins to learn , and may exaggerate those signs , or may cry when he / she needs to eliminate .
Likewise , the carers become more and more confident at reading those signs and responding in time to ‘ catch ’ the elimination .
The baby learns to relax their sphincter muscles on cue , thus gaining an awareness of where the muscles are and what purpose they have , as well as an awareness of control .
As the practise progresses and the communication deepens , the carers intuition may also come into play .
We can come to intuitively ‘ know ’ when our baby needs to eliminate and can respond accordingly .
This adds a deeply satisfying element to our relationship with our babies and reminds us of the incredible energetic exchange that is taking place between carer and babe .
Elimination Communication can be practised full or part - time , or can even be put on hold during times when circumstances make it more difficult ie ; when taking long journeys or at stressful times in a family ’s life .
Not all families use EC for nighttimes and naps , or they use nappies / diapers as back - up in case they do n’t make it to the
baby immediately upon awakening .
As each family and baby is unique , so is the way they tailor their practise of EC to suit their needs .
This method of toileting has not been packaged , sold , and marketed to the masses .
It has been handed down from generation to generation , and is used in different ways by different cultures .
More and more Westerners , aware of the problems our planet is facing , are also turning to this method as a way of reducing our environmental impact .
The savings in water usage , detergents , plastics consumed , trees used
for wood pulp , chemical production methods , not to mention non-biodegradable landfill , unsustainable , non-organic cotton farming , and of course transportation , are very significant for the Earth .
Elimination Communication turns the tables on infant toilet training , making it ecologically sustainable , fascinating and fun !
Hate Paying for Cable ?
Here ’s
Why .
Love grousing about cable TV ?
Then I ’ve got a list for you .
It comes from industry analyst SNL Kagan , and I came across it via a research note Barclays Capital ’s Anthony DiClemente sent out last week .
DiClemente was arguing that the bundled approach to cable TV–whereby subscribers get dozens or even hundreds of channels for one big fee , no matter how many networks they actually watch –was n’t going anywhere for quite some time .
If ever .
But if you ’re the kind of person who thinks we ’re headed for an a la carte model in which programmers compete directly for consumer dollars , you can use this as fodder for your argument .
Because you can see just how much you ’re paying for stuff you do n’t want .
Take a look ( click to enlarge–or drag the whole image off of the browser and onto your desktop if you want a better view ) :
Obviously these are wholesale prices , not retail .
But this gives you a very good idea of where the money goes –to a lot of channels you likely never , ever , look at .
You ’ll find this particularly upsetting if you do n’t watch sports .
Because sports channels account for about 40 percent of cable fees .
And you ’ll also be upset once you realize that the broadcast networks –GE ’s ( GE ) NBC , News Corp . ’s ( NWS ) Fox , Disney ’s ( DIS ) ABC and CBS ( CBS ) –are going to get added to this list over the next year or so .
Even though anyone who does n’t pay for cable gets them for free .
Hence , last winter ’s Fox vs. Time Warner Cable ( TWC ) standoff , and the Disney vs. Cablevision ( CVC ) fight that ended in time for the Oscars last night .
As I ’ve said before , I think that many cable viewers are probably okay with most of the bundle–or at least unwilling to foot the bill for real a la carte pricing .
But maybe if you waved this list in front of them , they might rethink that .
Please enter the URL of an existing QR Code Image :
Or the Text you would like to encode :
* I am quite well aware that this uses Unicode not ASCII ...
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
US firm Kraft Foods has sealed its takeover of Cadbury after shareholders in the UK chocolate maker voted in favour of the deal .
Cadbury said it had received valid acceptances of the offer from investors representing 71.7 % of the firm .
Kraft chief executive Irene Rosenfeld said : " I warmly welcome Cadbury employees into the Kraft Foods family . "
Earlier , Cadbury workers had staged protests in London calling for government support to guarantee jobs .
The deadline for Cadbury shareholders to accept a £ 11.5 bn ( $ 18.9 bn ) offer from Kraft was 1300 GMT .
Business Secretary Lord Mandelson will meet Ms Rosenfeld later to discuss jobs .
Does it matter that Cadbury is no longer British ?
Shadow business secretary Ken Clarke was also holding talks with Ms Rosenfeld over Cadbury 's future .
' Phenomenal future '
When Kraft passes the 75 % threshold it intends to take Cadbury off the stock market .
When it reaches 90 % support , under UK law , it can automatically buy up the remaining shares .
" The combination of Kraft Foods and Cadbury creates a global powerhouse in snacks , confectionery and quick meals , " said Ms Rosenfeld .
" Together we have impressive global reach and an unrivalled portfolio of iconic brands , with tremendous growth potential .
" This combined company has a phenomenal future , and I firmly believe it will deliver outstanding returns to our shareholders . "
' Meaningful pledges '
But earlier , unions voiced their fears over the takeover .
Unite 's deputy general secretary Jack Dromey said : " Our fear is that the Kraft takeover is not in the national interest , and in the months of this hostile takeover process , we have heard nothing from Kraft to calm fears that it is in the interest of the Cadbury workforce either .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" Instead , the fate of manufacturing workers in Terry 's of York , who found that Kraft ownership saw their plant close , weighs heavily on the minds of the Cadbury workforce . "
He added : " The government must secure meaningful pledges from Kraft , and police them so that Kraft cannot again walk away from a UK workforce .
" Ministers must make it abundantly clear that closures and mass redundancies will not be accepted by the British government or the British people . "
Last month , Unite warned shareholders of the British chocolate - maker that Kraft 's debts , estimated to be about £ 22bn , meant there could be an " irresistible imperative " to reduce costs by cutting jobs .
Unions fear Kraft will move quickly to recoup the expenditure by slashing jobs and have demanded an urgent meeting with Kraft 's global management .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
March 10 , 2010
Humans Inhabited Earth for Millions of Years
Masons Try to Suppress Evidence
" Anatomically modern humans have been present on the Earth not just for 100,000 years or less ( the orthodox version ) , but for millions of years , and that metal objects of advanced design have been in use at equally early periods . "
by Cornelius B
( for henrymakow.com )
The model of human prehistory built - up by scholars over the past two centuries is sadly and completely wrong , and a deliberate tool of disinformation and mind control .
This is the thesis of the book , " Forbidden Archaeology " by Michael Cremo and Richard L. Thompson
The authors begin with the assumption that archeologists are fundamentally of good faith .
Nevertheless , little by little , they demonstrate a systematic destruction of proofs that show another reality than that the official story .
Falsifications and even destruction of such proofs has been common for more than two hundred years .
In their first essay " The Hidden History of the Human Race " , Cremo and Thompson push back our horizons not just thousand years , but millions of years into the past , and show that almost everything we have been taught to believe about the origins and evolution of our species rests on a highly selective sampling of research .
The two authors then set the record straight by showing all the other research results that have been edited out , not because there was anything wrong about them , but simply because " they did not fit with prevailing academic opinion . "
Anomalous and out - of - place discoveries reported by Cremo and Thompson in " The Hidden History of the Human Race " include convincing evidence that anatomically modern humans have been present on the Earth not just for 100,000 years or less ( the orthodox version ) , but for millions of years , and that metal objects of advanced design have been in use at equally early periods .
SCIENTIFIC CENSORSHIP
The authors describe an ongoing social process of knowledge filtration that at first sight appears quite innocuous , but has a substantial cumulative effect .
Certain categories of evidence simply disappear from view .
This pattern of data suppression has been going on for a long time .
For instance , in 1880 , J. D. Whitney , the state geologist of California , published a lengthy review of advanced stone tools found in California gold mines .
The implements , including spear points and stone mortars and pestles , were found deep in mine shafts , underneath thick , undisturbed layers of lava , in formations ranging from 9 million to over 55 million years old .
W. H. Holmes of the Smithsonian Institution , one of the most vocal critics of these California finds , wrote :
" Perhaps if Professor Whitney had fully appreciated the story of human evolution as it is understood today , he would have hesitated to announce the conclusions formulated ( that humans existed in very ancient times in North America ) , notwithstanding the imposing array of testimony with which he was confronted . "
In other words , if the facts do not agree with the favored theory , then such facts , even an imposing array of them , must be discarded .
I shall give here some examples of these discarded paleo - archaeological elements :
In a report delivered to the British Association for the Advancement of Science in 1881 , H. Slopes , F.G.S. ( Fellow of the Geological Society ) , described a shell , the surface of which bore a carving of a crude but unmistakably human face .
The carved shell was found in the stratified deposits of the Red Crag , which is between 2.0 and 2.5 million years old .
One should keep in mind that in terms of conventional paleontological opinion , one does not encounter such works of art until the time of fully modern Cro-Magnon man in the Late Pleistocene , about 30,000 years ago .
On August 2 , 1890 , J. H. Neale signed the following statement about discoveries made by him :
" In 1877 Mr. J. H. Neale was superintendent of the Montezuma Tunnel Company , and ran the Montezuma tunnel into the gravel underlying the lava of Table Mountain , Tuolumne County .
. . .
At a distance of between 1400 and 1500 feet from the mouth of the tunnel , or of between 200 and 300 feet beyond the edge of the solid lava , Mr. Neale saw several spear - heads , of some dark rock and nearly one foot in length .
On exploring further , he himself found a small mortar three or four inches in diameter and of irregular shape .
This was discovered within a foot or two of the spear - heads .
He then found a large well formed pestle , now the property of Dr. R. I. Bromley , and near by a large and very regular mortar , also at present the property of Dr. Bromley . "
Neale 's affidavit continued :
" All of these relics were found .
. . . close to the bed - rock , perhaps within a foot of it .
Mr. Neale declares that it is utterly impossible that these relics can have reached the position in which they were found excepting at the time the gravel was deposited , and before the lava cap formed .
There was not the slightest trace of any disturbance of the mass or of any natural fissure into it by which access could have been obtained either there or in the neighborhood . "
The position of the artifacts in gravel close to the bedrock at Tuolumne Table Mountain indicates they were 33 - 55 million years old .
In 1844 , Sir David Brewster reported that a nail had been discovered firmly embedded in a block of sandstone from the Kingoodie ( Mylnfield ) Quarry in Scotland .
Dr. A. W. Medd of the British Geological Survey wrote to the authors in 1985 that this sandstone is of " Lower Old Red Sandstone age " ( Devonian , between 360 and 408 million years old ) .
Brewster was a famous Scottish physicist .
He was a founder of the British Association for the Advancement of Science and made important discoveries in the field of optics .
In his report to the British Association for the Advancement of Science , Brewster stated :
" The stone in Kingoodie quarry consists of alternate layers of hard stone and a soft clayey substance called ' till ' ; the courses of stone vary from six inches to upwards of six feet in thickness .
The particular block in which the nail was found , was nine inches thick , and in proceeding to clear the rough block for dressing , the point of the nail was found projecting about half an inch ( quite eaten with rust ) into the ' till , ' the rest of the nail lying along the surface of the stone to within an inch of the head , which went right down into the body of the stone . "
The fact that the head of the nail was buried in the sandstone block would seem to rule out the possibility the nail had been pounded into the block after it was quarried .
On June 22 , 1844 , this curious report appeared in the London Times :
" A few days ago , as some workmen were employed in quarrying a rock close to the Tweed about a quarter of a mile below Rutherford - mill , a gold thread was discovered embedded in the stone at a depth of eight feet . "
Dr. A. W. Medd of the British Geological Survey wrote to the authors in 1985 that this stone is of Early Carboniferous age ( between 320 and 360 million years old ) .
( Ed. Note : Cornelius B cites many more examples which I excised in the interest of brevity . )
DISINFORMATION AND MIND CONTROL
" Forbidden Archeology " was first released in 1993 and quickly became an underground classic .
Today it is a bestseller , with foreign editions in over a dozen languages , presenting both accepted and anomalous scientific evidence defying the traditional view of human evolution .
This is a fascinating intellectual excavation of a vast store of hidden knowledge .
I 'll let you judge their proofs sustaining the human evolution .
What is the purpose behind this disinformation if not mind control , and therefore social engineering ?
Science is a method that anyone can learn and apply .
In a free and open society , science has to be a democratic process .
Instead , we observe a behavior similar to the totalitarian attitude of the ancient priesthood clique in Egypt .
To better illustrate this affirmation , I present the case of a science journalist , Richard Milton , initially an ardent believer in Darwinian doctrine until his investigative instincts kicked in one day .
After 20 years of studying and writing about evolution , he suddenly realized that there were many disconcerting elements in the theory .
He decided to put every main classic proof of Darwinism to the test .
The results were hard to believe -- he found that the theory could not even stand up to the rigors of routine investigative journalism .
Next , he published a book titled " The Facts of Life : Shattering the Myths of Darwinism " .
Milton says :
" I experienced the witch - hunting activity of the Darwinist police at first hand - it was deeply disappointing to find myself being described by a prominent Oxford zoologist , Richard Dawkins , as " loony " , " stupid " and " in need of psychiatric help " in response to purely scientific reporting . "
Does this sound like stories that came out of the Soviet Union 25 years ago when dissident scientists there started speaking out ?
Without a doubt Dawkins is part of the " secret societies brotherhood " invested with high power .
Richard Dawkins has been appointed to the position of Professor of the Public Understanding of Science at Oxford University .
This advocate of aetheism is a classic " Brain Police " storm - trooper , patrolling the neurological front lines .
According to Milton , the process came to a head when the London Times Higher Education Supplement commissioned him to write a critique of Darwinism .
The publication foreshadowed his coming piece : " Next Week : Darwinism - Richard Milton goes on the attack " .
Dawkins caught wind of this and wasted no time in nipping this heresy in the bud .
He contacted the editor , Auriol Stevens , and accused Milton of being a " creationist " , and prevailed upon Stevens to pull the plug on the article .
Milton learned of this behind - the - scenes backstabbing and wrote a letter of appeal to Stevens .
In the end , she caved in to Dawkins and scratched the piece .
DARWINISM AS MIND CONTROL
The Western scientific establishment and mass media pride themselves on being open public forums devoid of prejudice or censorship .
However , no television program examining the flaws and weaknesses of Darwinism has ever been aired in Darwin 's home country or in America .
A scientist who opposes the theory cannot get a paper published .
Darwin's theory of evolution is the only theory routinely taught in our public school system that has never been subjected to rigorous scrutiny ; nor have any of the criticisms been allowed into the curriculum .
This is an interesting fact , because a recent poll showed that " 71 % of the American public say biology teachers should teach both Darwinism and scientific evidence against Darwinian theory . "
Nevertheless , there are no plans to implement this balanced approach .
Then there is the high - profile case of Dr Virginia Steen - McIntyre , a geologist working for the US Geological Survey ( USGS ) , who was dispatched to an archaeological site in Mexico to date a group of artifacts in the 1970s .
This travesty also illustrates how far the « brothers scientists " will go to guard orthodox tenets .
McIntyre used state - of - the - art equipment and backed up her results by using four different methods , but her results were off the chart .
The lead archaeologist expected a date of 25,000 years or less , and the geologist 's finding was 250,000 years or more .
The figure of 25,000 years or less was critical to the Bering Strait " crossing " theory , and it was the motivation behind the head archaeologist 's tossing Steen - McIntyre 's results in the circular file and asking for a new series of dating tests .
This sort of reaction does not occur when dates match the expected chronological model that supports accepted theories .
Steen -McIntyre was given a chance to retract her conclusions , but because this woman was intellectually honest , she refused .
She found it hard thereafter to get her papers published and she lost a teaching job at an American university .
CONCLUSION
Thus , as we may conclude from the information provided here , Darwinism , the theory of the survival of the fittest and its twin sister , the theory of human evolution , together with the official version of the Paleontology and Archaeology such as they are practiced , are pseudo - sciences .
In fact , they are tools for mind control of the masses .
Their main purpose is to cut off the roots of the true history of humanity , and promote a naturalistic and mechanistic view of life as " survival of the fittest . "
They promote atheism as a means of destroying Christian civilization .
We find the same hate of God and of Christianity in Marxism and Freudianism .
A very interesting read is the book of Richard Wurmbrand " Marx & Satan " where we discover that Marx was a Satanist priest with a deep hate of God and desire for the ruin and annihilation of the human society .
How can we explain this deep hated nourished in the hearts of these men ?
Was it satanic possession ?
I will close with this fact -- at the funerals of Karl Marx , in his speech Frederich Engels compared Marx to Darwin as titans of the human mind , and this suggests the high probability that Darwin was Karl Marx 's " Luciferian brother " .
How to use Subversion with Eclipse
Integrating is easy
A stock Eclipse installation has integrated support for CVS , a popular open source change - management system .
The abilities of CVS , and its limitations , are well known , but many groups have been investigating other version - control systems to provide better scaling , better support for merging changes and branching versions , and better support for binary file formats .
Subversion ( SVN ) is a popular replacement for CVS , offering improved performance ( courtesy of intelligent local caching and a database back end ) , easy and fast branching , and an answer to every one of the shortcomings that people often run into while using CVS .
Learn more .
Develop more .
Connect more .
The new developerWorks Premium membership program provides an all - access pass to powerful development tools and resources , including 500 top technical titles ( dozens specifically for open source developers ) through Safari Books Online , deep discounts on premier developer events , video replays of recent O'Reilly conferences , and more .
Sign up today .
Read on to see how to add Subversion support to Eclipse and how to perform basic version - control activities from the IDE .
Before you start
You 're going to need to download and install Eclipse .
Downloading the Eclipse SDK package for your platform will give you the base Eclipse IDE ( referred to as the Eclipse Platform ) , as well as the Java™ Development Kit .
If you plan on working with C/ C++ ( as I tend to ) , visit the C Development Tooling ( CDT )
Web site and install the CDT using the update manager ( using the update manager is described in the next section ) .
You 'll also need access to a Subversion repository .
If you need to set one up , you can find excellent documentation at the Subversion Web site .
For demonstration purposes , I 'll show you how to check out the Subclipse project and work with projects in a repository on my LAN .
Adding Subclipse to Eclipse
Subclipse is a project to add Subversion support to the Eclipse IDE .
We 'll use Eclipse 's update manager to add Subclipse to our Eclipse IDE .
From the Help menu in Eclipse , choose Software Updates >
Find and Install to open the update manager .
Figure 1 . The Eclipse update manager
In addition to using this to look for software updates , we can use the update manager to find and install new features , such as Subclipse .
Be sure that Search for new features to install is selected , then click Next to continue .
Eclipse displays the next update manager panel .
Figure 2 . Update manager sites
Since we 're after a specific feature , un-check the existing sites , then click New Remote Site to display the New Update Site dialog ( see Figure 3 ) .
We 'll use this to add the Subclipse update site to the list .
Figure 3 .
Adding a new update site
Enter whatever you want for the Name ( Subclipse is a good choice ) and enter the following for the URL : http://subclipse.tigris.org/update_1.0.x ( the current Subclipse update site ) .
Click OK to add the Subclipse update site to the list in the update manager .
Click Finish in the update manager window to begin searching for new features .
In this case , the new feature we 're after is Subclipse .
After a few moments , the update manager 's search is complete , and it displays the search results .
Figure 4 .
New features we can install
Check Subclipse ( you can click the disclosure triangle to see what exactly is included in this feature ) , then click Next to view the feature 's license terms .
Accept the terms , then click Next to review the features you 've chosen to install .
Click Finish to download and install Subclipse .
The update manager downloads the Subversion components .
Before installing anything , Eclipse will warn you that the features are n't digitally signed ( Figure 5 ) .
This is your last chance to cancel the installation .
Click Install
All to continue the installation .
Figure 5 . Subclipse is n't digitally signed
Once Subversion has been installed , Eclipse warns you that you might need to restart the IDE to activate the new features ( see Figure 6 ) .
Restart Eclipse , just in case .
Figure 6 . Restart Eclipse after installing new features
When Eclipse comes back up , Subclipse is installed and ready to go .
If you 're running Eclipse on Mac OS X or Linux® , you may need to install the JavaHL library , which is described in the Troubleshooting section of the Subclipse FAQ .
Do this before you continue trying to use Subclipse .
A quick test
It 's always nice to test a new feature once you 've finished the installation ; we 'll try checking out a copy of Subclipse from their Subversion repository to make sure it 's been properly installed .
From Eclipse 's
File menu , choose Import to display the import manager ( see Figure 7 ) .
Choose Checkout Projects from SVN , then click Next .
Figure 7 .
The import manager
On the Select / Create Location panel ( see Figure 8 ) , we need to create a new location ( since we do n't have any configured yet ) , so click Next to continue .
If the Next button is disabled , switch to the Use existing repository location option , then back to Create a new repository location to enable the Next button .
Figure 8 .
Creating a new repository location
In the next section ( see Figure 9 ) , add the repository URL ( http://subclipse.tigris.org/svn/subclipse/ ) to the Url field , then click Next .
After a moment , Eclipse prompts you for user ID and password .
If you do n't have an account on the Subclipse site , enter guest for the user ID and a space for the password , check the Save Password box , and click OK .
Figure 9 .
Add the repository URL
Eclipse displays the folders in the Subclipse repository ( see Figure 10 ) .
Expand the trunk and choose the subclipse folder , then click Finish to check out your own copy of the Subclipse project 's source code .
Since you have no idea what this is , choose Simple > Project when the New Project wizard prompts you .
Figure 10 .
Subclipse repository
Basic Subversion operations
At this point , we 've installed Subclipse successfully , which added support for Subversion servers to our Eclipse setup , and we 've tested Subclipse by downloading the current Subclipse source code from the repository .
Now we should look at doing something with our own code and our own Subversion repository .
Before I show you how things work with Subversion , I 'll tell you a little bit about my repository .
It 's hosted on a machine called dogma on port 8000 , and I 've created a new developerworks repository for code associated with my developerWorks articles .
I 'm going to put my projects directly in the root of the repository .
Other repositories often have folders named trunk , tags , and branches off the root , for development versions , tags , and branches , but I do n't expect to need to worry about tagging or branching the developerWorks article code .
I 've added two projects , forkWork and threadWork , from my first developerWorks article .
My Eclipse workspace ( see Figure 11 ) also contains three other projects from developerWorks articles ( getopt_demo , getopt_long_demo , and readdir_demo ) .
Figure 11 . My Eclipse C/C++ projects
Now we 're ready to get to work .
Adding a project to the repository
To add a new project to your Subversion repository , right - click the project ( in any of Eclipse 's project views or the Navigator view ) and choose Team > Share Project from the menu .
Eclipse displays the Share Project dialog .
Figure 12 .
The Share Project dialog
Select SVN from the list of repositories currently supported by your Eclipse , then click Next .
The next dialog ( see Figure 13 ) lets you choose an existing repository location , or you can create a new one .
Figure 13 .
Selecting a repository location
If your repository is already listed ( as you can see , I 've added mine ) , select it , and click Finish .
If your repository is n't listed , add it ( see A quick test for instructions ) and continue .
Eclipse creates a new directory in the repository with the same name as your project , and displays a list of all files and folders in the project .
Figure 14 .
Adding a project 's contents
Enter a suitable comment describing this project in the top field , then click Select All to check all of the files from the project .
Click OK to check in your project and transmit its current state to the Subversion repository .
Subversion 's commands and output are displayed in the Console view , usually found at the bottom of your Eclipse window , if you want to see exactly what Subclipse did with your project .
Updating a project
One of the key features of a version - control system is the ability for other developers to continue development and commit their changes whenever they 're ready .
To download these changes and integrate them with your local copies , you need to update the project .
Right - click on the project you want to update , then choose Team >
Update from the menu .
Eclipse retrieves any changes from the repository and attempts to merge them with your local copy .
Adding a file or directory
If you add a file to your project ( see Figure 15 ) , it 's not automatically part of version control -- you need to specifically add it to the repository .
In the screenshot , you can see that I 've added a ReadMe.txt file to the threadWork project .
Figure 15 .
Adding a new file
Right - click the new file , then choose Team > Add to Version Control .
That 's it !
The next time you commit your changes in this project to the repository , the new file will also be checked in .
Deleting a file or directory
If you 've added a file to the repository that 's no longer relevant to your project , you can easily delete it .
Right - click the file , then choose Delete .
No need for the Team menu , Subclipse flags the file for deletion automatically and removes it from your project .
The next time you commit your changes to the repository , the file is deleted .
Renaming a file or directory
To rename a file or directory under Subclipse 's control , right - click it , then choose Rename .
Type the item 's new name in the entry field and click Enter .
The file is renamed in the project , and the rename operation ( an Add for the new name , and a Delete for the old one ) is queued for your next commit .
In Figure 16 you can see the threadWork project after I 've renamed main.c to threadWork.c , but before I 've committed my change .
Note the little blue plus sign Subclipse has added to the " new " file to indicate that it 's scheduled for addition in the next commit .
Figure 16 .
Renaming a file is atomic , even though it's an add and a delete
Ignoring files
If your project generates files , or otherwise includes files that you do n't want to check in to the Subversion repository , you can tell Subclipse to ignore them .
Right - click the file or directory you want to exclude from version control , then choose Team >
Add to svn:ignore to display the Add to svn :ignore dialog .
Figure 17 .
Ignoring resources that do n't belong in version control
Click OK to add this specific file to the svn :ignore property for the project 's directory .
Choose Wildcard extension to ignore all files with the current file 's extension , or choose Custom pattern to add your own wild card to the ignore list .
These changes to the ignore list will be added to the repository the next time you commit your changes .
Committing your changes
Once you 're happy with your changes to the project , you 've made sure your code compiles , and you 've tested your changes , you should commit them to the Subversion repository .
This acts as a backup in case your workstation self - destructs , and it lets other developers update their local copies to include your changes .
Be sure to update your project ( see " Updating a project " ) before attempting to commit your changes .
Right - click the project and choose Team > Commit from the menu .
Eclipse displays the Commit dialog ( see Figure 18 ) , which summarizes your changes .
Figure 18 .
Committing your changes to the repository
If you look carefully , you 'll see a property change to the project 's directory ( I 've added to the svn : ignore property to keep certain files out of the repository ) and that main.c was deleted while threadWork.c was added .
That pair of changes actually represents one operation ( a file rename ) .
At this point , you can deselect resources if you want to keep them out of the repository .
This might be helpful if you 're partially finished work in one file , and do n't want to check in an incomplete change .
Enter a suitable comment in the top text field , then click OK to check in your changes to the repository .
Summary
The Subclipse project integrates support for the Subversion version - control system with Eclipse 's excellent team project management features , which only support CVS servers out of the box .
Using Eclipse 's update manager , it 's easy to add Subclipse to your Eclipse installation , which lets you use this superior ( in my opinion , at least ) version - control system directly from Eclipse .
While adding projects to a repository -- and managing your project 's resources once it's there -- can be daunting for folks unfamiliar with Subversion , the procedures for common operations are straightforward .
This article walked you through the everyday operations to help familiarize you with Subclipse .
Sign up for developerWorks Premium
Downloadable resources
Related topics
