Interviews with American actress Sigourney Weaver tend to begin by marvelling at how tall she is , so here goes .
Actually , while Weaver is tall ( an elegant 5 f t 11in ) , going by some of her old interviews it occasionally seems overplayed - almost as if some giantess had stalked into the room , growling ' Fe fi fo fum ' and gobbling up the tape recorder .
According to Weaver , ' the height thing ' has aff ected her entire career , particularly where casting is concerned .
' Producers are short , I 'm tall - I 'm not the average producer 's sexual fantasy . '
' It 's true , ' says Weaver , as we sit and chat in a central London hotel .
' A lot of actors are short and I 've walked into rooms and had people go ...' ( she lurches back in her seat , pulling an ' astounded ' face ) .
She laughs .
' But I think it 's been a blessing .
Most people did n't know what to do with me , so I ended up working with Ridley Scott and James Cameron , people who did n't much care for the conventional stuff .'
Weaver , not so freakishly tall after all , but still in possession of that angular , slightly patrician beauty at 56 , proves to be warm , intelligent company , maybe slightly more quirky than you 'd imagine .
Beautifully groomed , with a thick brunette bob and mischievous eyes , she comes over as a cross between a ' movie lady president ' and the retired ' hippy chick ' she actually is .
( Readers of a sensitive disposition should be warned of references to ' flute playing ' and 'elf outfits ' appearing later in this piece ) .
Accompanying Weaver for this interview is Ros , an autistic British woman whose behaviour she researched to play a bereaved autistic mother in her latest film , the compelling , poetic Snow Cake .
Weaver says she was thrilled to be considered for such an unusual role .
' Usually all Hollywood wants you to do is what you just did , ' she says .
After The Ice Storm I was offered a thousand Ice Storms and so on .
You always get offered the same thing again and again , if you 're not very careful .
It 's up to you to swing back and forth . '
Born in New York in 1949 , Weaver had a privileged upbringing as the daughter of English actress Elizabeth Inglis and Sylvester ' Pat ' Weaver , president of the NBC network in the Fifties , pioneer of The Today Show and The Tonight Show .
Originally christened Susan , she changed her name at 14 to Sigourney after a minor character in The Great Gatsby .
Educated at Stanford and then Yale drama school , the way Weaver describes her youthful self sounds almost goofy - a far cry from the elegant , slightly austere public persona she has today .
' I was silly , funny , always the clown , ' she says .
' One of those people who take so long to coalesce into a definite person - just this big blob going through adolescence , trying to take in everything . '
At Stanford , Weaver spent a bizarre period living in a tree - house with a boyfriend , playing flute duets and wearing homemade elf outfits .
Explanation please ?
' It was the Seventies , you know - flower power ! '
Was n't she a debutante as well ?
' Well , yes , ' Weaver chuckles dryly .
' My mother being English always felt that if Prince Charles were to fall in love with me I 'd have to be a debutante or something . '
Surprisingly , given her propensity for elf - dom , Weaver rather enjoyed ' coming out ' .
' I was so tall and gawky and shy , that , for me , getting the dress , having my hair put up , was a great adventure .
I was like - " Oh my god , look at me , I 'm a girl , I 'm pretty ! " '
Weaver felt miserable and undermined at Yale ( where Meryl Streep was a contemporary ) .
' It was terrible , this big blanket of rejection ' .
She contemplated giving up acting .
Things started coming together for her while working in New York in theatre , where she still has firm roots .
Her husband , Jim Simpson , runs The Flea , an acclaimed New York theatre .
They have a daughter , Charlotte , 16 .
For about five years
Weaver ran her own production company , Goat Cay .
' I was trying to get money into the pockets of playwrights , get their voices and innovations into film .
But once independent film came in that happened more naturally anyway . '
One project Weaver did with Simpson was The Guys , a play dealing with the immediate aftermath of 9/11 , which was eventually turned into a film .
' We were in New York on 9/11 , and it was like suddenly downtown Manhattan was frozen , paralysed .
So the young people my husband worked with said we had to use the theatre to come to terms with this terrible tragedy . '
In the end , The Guys ran in the theatre for a year .
' Our President said , " Move on !
Spend money !
Do n't look back ! "
Which was crazy - New Yorkers had nowhere to go to experience their grief and loss . '
Was Weaver anti-war ?
' Yes , for all the good it did , but now we 're there ...'
She shrugs , defeated .
' Oh , I do n't know . '
What does Weaver make of the Bush - Blair axis ?
' Well , we always like to see Blair because he can actually speak in a complete sentence .
You 're not spending the whole time terrified of what he 's going to say .
Every time there 's a crisis I think , " Why did this have to happen now , why ca n't we wait until we have another President ? "
We 're just counting the seconds until we can get someone else in there , even if he 's a Republican .
It 's so frightening to have a man like that be our President . '
Weaver sighs : ' I just find the administration very arrogant but I 'm not sure I 'm comfortable criticising my country when I 'm over here , so ...'
She lets her voice trails away .
After her spell in theatre Weaver made her film debut in Annie Hall ( on screen for six minutes ) , and , at 29 , was offered the career - transforming role in 1979 's Alien .
' I did n't want to do it .
It was sci-fi , and I was a total snob - I wanted to do Mike Nichols , Woody Allen , Shakespeare , and that 's about it . '
That 's interesting , I tell her .
The way she portrayed Ripley could be considered rather Shakespearean .
' Well , I decided , in this case , I was playing " Henry V on Mars " , ' says Weaver .
' That was how I transformed it into something that was compelling for me . '
You wonder whether it irks Weaver that , after such a lengthy varied career , she is still to a large degree defined by Lt Ellen Ripley .
She has appeared in films as diverse as The Ice Storm , The Year of Living Dangerously , Copy Cat and Gorillas in the Mist ( for which she was Oscar - nominated for Best Actress in 1988 ) .
She has also more than proved her ' comedy chops ' in vehicles such as the hugely likeable Ghostbusters .
Weaver tells me she is dismayed that her career has not featured more comedy : ' It is the thing I love to do more than anything else . '
Now there is Snow Cake , co-starring Alan Rickman and Carrie - Ann Moss .
Weaver portrays Linda , an autistic woman whom Rickman befriends in the Canadian outback after her daughter is killed in a tragic accident .
Being an evil journalist , when I first heard about Ros 's presence at the interview I briefly wondered whether this was actorly ' showing off ' about how far people go in the name of research , or simply a great diversionary tactic .
A few minutes into the conversation I realise my cynicism is ill - placed .
Ros is unusual for an autistic person because she has trained herself to respond to people .
( Just before the interview I sidled up to her and apologised in advance if some of my questions left her out .
' You ca n't off end an autistic person , ' she said nicely but brusquely ) .
Weaver simply seems at pains to point out what a great help Ros proved to her in developing ' Linda ' .
' I 'd been doing my own research but the spectrum of autism is so huge , ' says Weaver .
' I can't imagine what I would have done if Ros had n't coached me - the walk , the playing , everything really .
I just felt this huge responsibility to get things right . '
There have not been that many movies dealing with autism - did the spectre of Rain Man loom large ?
' Rain Man was like a million years ago and nothing else has come out since then , ' says Weaver .
' You can't have this very brilliant specific interpretation represent everybody with autism for ever . '
She laughs .
' Enough already ! '
Later , when I speak to him on the phone , Snow Cake 's director Marc Evans praises Weaver 's performance for managing to portray a character rather than a condition : ' You know the moment Sigourney Weaver enters the frame there 's going to be this expectation or judgment - " Come on Sigourney , give us your autism " - but it is n't like that at all .
There is something about Sigourney 's own strength as a person and an actress that manages to come through into the character . '
Despite Weaver 's versatility it is still her turn as the sweaty , determined Ripley , fighting off space terrors in a grimy singlet , that remains burnt into the public imagination , sometimes to an amusingly ' pervy ' degree ( I looked on the internet and Ripley is a huge sci - fi sex symbol .
Certainly the Alien franchise has been good for Weaver .
She received an Oscar nomination for the sequel to Alien , Aliens .
For Alien : Resurrection she was paid £ 6 m and given a co-producing credit , making her a serious Hollywood player .
' I totally credit Alien with giving me weight in the industry , ' says Weaver .
Does she think it 's interesting that two of the strongest , most iconic feminist screen characters ( Ripley , and Linda Hamilton in Terminator ) both came from the sci - fi genre ?
' As opposed to the real world ? ' says Weaver , raising an eyebrow .
' What was considered daring at the time was that we had this ordinary working woman , not in a frilly space dress , but a woman with dirty hands , dealing with people in a crisis .
And it 's still something they do n't do .
It 's as if they feel they have to turn the woman into some kind of weird science - fiction doll to make it interesting .'
Of her career generally Weaver says : ' I 've always been drawn to women who are n't very comfortable in the world , who are quite isolated because of their great passion for something .
For me , because I was such an awkward teenager , I just love sending out the message that women can come in all different shapes , sizes and feelings , and it 's all normal .
It 's normal to be abnormal . '
Now in her late fifties , Weaver is clearly over the ' height thing ' and refuses to subscribe to Hollywood 's uniquely paranoid brand of the beauty myth .
' I do n't think it 's attractive to have a taut face with a 65 - year - old 's body .
I find that look scary . '
She also finds the modern emphasis on celebrity bemusing : ' I just do n't understand the great urgency to find out that we all eat breakfast and go to the john .
I mean , what 's the big deal ? '.
However , ask Weaver if she feels that Hollywood is a cruel industry for women , and she 'll answer that it 's hard on everybody ( a kind of equal - opportunities cruelty ) .
Towards the end of our interview she relates what happened the night of the 1988 Oscar ceremony where she was nominated for both Gorillas in the Mist ( for best actress ) and Working Girl ( for best supporting actress ) but ended up winning neither .
' It was the first time in history somebody had lost twice in one night , ' Weaver chuckles .
' And when you lose in Hollywood , everyone goes [ she huddles behind her hand , looking aghast ] , " She lost , she 's a loser " .
I felt like there should be a " Loser 's Tent " for all of us to go in together and smoke and drink and swear because people look at you with such incredible pity .
You just want to say , " I 'm fine , I 'm exactly the same person I was before I arrived at this show . " '
And what sort of person is that , what sort of actress ?
Weaver smiles :
' My early role models were people like Jessica Tandy , and they were always working - they would do film , they would do theatre , they would take anything that came their way so long as it was decent .
And I love that attitude .
I do n't want to sit in an ivory tower , waiting for my big movie to come up once every five years .
That 's so boring . '
Weaver waves her hand dismissively .
' I want to be out there , working with different generations .
That 's what 's always been so fun about it . '
· Snow Cake opens on 8 September .
Sigourney Weaver also stars in Infamous , about the life of Truman Capote , due to open this autumn
Sigourney in short
Born Susan Alexandra Weaver in New York , 8 October 1949 .
She changed her name aged 14 to Sigourney , after a character in The Great Gatsby
Family Father , Sylvester ' Pat ' Weaver , was president of NBC and mother , Elizabeth Inglis , was an actress .
Sigourney married theatre director Jim Simpson in 1984 .
They have a six - year - old daughter , Charlotte , pictured right as a baby .
Studied English at Stanford and Drama at Yale .
Breakthrough Weaver appeared for six seconds in Annie Hall ( 1977 ) , but it was as Ripley in Alien two years later that she made her name .
Career highlight
In 1989 Weaver won two Golden Globes for her performances in Gorillas in the Mist and Working Girl
She says ' The movie business divides women into ice queens and sluts , and there have been times I wanted to be a slut more than anything . '
Ripley & co
Alien ( 1979 )
Ellen Ripley , Weaver 's best - known and ballsiest character , was introduced in this first of four sci - fi thrillers .
Gorillas in the Mist ( 1988 )
Weaver played ill - fated gorilla activist Dian Fossey in a real - life story .
Working Girl ( 1988 )
Played opposite Melanie Griffith as her idea - thieving Wall Street boss .
The Ice Storm ( 1997 )
Excelled in Ang Lee 's film about two troubled families in Connecticut .
7. Tera -10 – Commissariat Ã l’Ã‰nergie Atomique
Built by Bull SA for France ’s Atomic Energy Commision ( Commissariat Ã l’ Ã©nergie atomique ) , the Tera - 10 is currently ranked number 7 on the Top 500 list of fastest computers in the world .
The Tera - 10 consists of 544 of Bull ’s NovaScale 6160 servers with each one featuring eight Dual - Core Intel Itanium processors and runs at about 42.9 Teraflops .
It uses Linux as an operating system and is used for nuclear testing simulations .
6. Thunderbird – Sandia National Laboratories
Thunderbird is an 8960 - processor Linux cluster developed by Dell , Inc. and currently resides at Sandia National Laboratories , a National Nuclear Security Administration lab , located in Albuquerque NM .
It is considered to be a capacity cluster suited to perform many mid-sized tasks rather than a single huge task .
Thunderbird ’s 53.0 Teraflops have placed it at number 6 on the Top 500 fastest computers list and it is currently used in performing weapons simulations , scale - to - device modeling of radiation effects on semiconductor electronics , and weapon - response safety in extreme thermal and impact environments .
5. MareNostrum – Barcelona Supercomputing Center
MareNostrum is currently the most powerful supercomputer in Europe which consists of 10,240 processors that can peak at 94.21 Teraflops .
Its 2,560 JS21 blade computing nodes take up a space of about half a basketball court ( 120 mÂ² ) and is installed in the Barcelona Supercomputing Center in Barcelona , Spain .
MareNostrum is currently being used for a variety of applications which includes human genome research , weather forecasting , and drug research .
4. ASC Purple – Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory
ASC Purple came about through a collaboration between Lawrence Livermore Labs and IBM .
Its peak of 100 Teraflops comes from a redundant ring of 196 IBM Power5 SMP servers which contain a total of 12,544 microprocessors with 50 terabytes of total memory and 2 petabytes of storage disk capacity .
ASC Purple is currently being used to conduct nuclear weapons performance simulations which normally would be tested in underground nuclear detonations .
3. BGW ( Blue Gene / W ) – IBM Thomas J. Watson Research Center
Blue Gene / W or BGW , can be found in IBM ’s Thomas J. Watson Research Center and can reach a peak of 114 Teraflops by using 20 refrigerator sized racks that each consists of 1024 nodes .
Every node contains two 700 MHz power 440 processors and 512 MB of memory .
Blue Gene / W main priority is to perform production science computations including biological simulations , protein folding and other projects created by worldwide IBM scientists .
2. Red Storm – Sandia National Laboratories
Red Storm is a parallel processing supercomputer designed by Cray and Sandia Laboratories to perform simulated testing on nuclear weapons stockpiling which includes designing replacement components , virtual testing of components under different conditions , and assisting in testing of weapons engineering and weapons physics .
Red Storm consists of 12,960 AMD Opteron computer nodes and can peak at 124.42 Teraflops and uses a lightweight Linux Operating System which consists of only the minimum features needed to support Red Storm ’s applications .
1. Blue Gene / L – Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory
Blue Gene / L is currently the fastest supercomputer in the world peaking at 360 Teraflops by using 65,536 processors and runs a scaled down version of Linux .
It is a collaborative project among IBM , Lawrence Livermore Labs , and the US Dept. of Energy and uses a cell - based design which gives it a scaleable architecture that can be expanded by adding more building blocks without worry of introducing bottlenecks as the machine scales up .
Recently , Blue Gene / L was in the news when scientists ran a cortical simulator as complex as half of a mouse brain which is thought to have about eight million neurons with each one having up to 8,000 connections with other nerve fibers .
When not mimicking half of a rodent ’s brain , Blue Gene / L is being used mainly to simulate biochemical processes involving proteins .
Sources :
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Top_500
http://www.itjungle.com/breaking/bn120804-story02.html
http://www.hoise.com/primeur/06/articles/live/LV-PL-06-06-20.html
http://www.sandia.gov/news/resources/releases/2006/thunderbird.html
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MareNostrum
http://www.bsc.es/plantillaA.php?cat_id=200
http://www.llnl.gov/asc/computing_resources/purple/purple_index.html
http://domino.research.ibm.com/comm/research_projects.nsf/pages/bluegene.bgw.html
http://www.sandia.gov/ASC/redstorm.html
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blue_Gene
http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/technology/6600965.stm
Grassroots supporters begin ads to draft Gore in Iowa RAW STORY
Published : Tuesday June 26 , 2007 Print This Email This Although he 's constantly tried to sidestep questions concerning 2008 -- that is n't stopping grassroots supporters who want former Vice President Al Gore to run for president .
On Monday , the ' Draft Gore Committee ' launched is first ad in Iowa , dubbed " You Who , " which the Committee plans to take to the national stage in July .
According to an Iowa newspaper , the 30 - second radio spot features a chorus of voices which ask Gore to run .
" Mr. Gore we need you for president , " remarks a voice in the WHO - AM Des Moines ' ad .
" We deserve a president we can respect . "
Gore backers cite a Quinnipiac University poll released May 31 , which asserted that Gore would perform stronger than any of the other Democratic contenders in the race today .
" Even without campaigning for the 2008 presidential nomination , Al Gore runs far better than any of the declared Democrats against the Republican front runner in a new poll in Pennsylvania , " Gore backers write on their website , DraftGore.com .
" Gore leads Giuliani 45 to 44 percent .
By comparison , Giuliani leads Hillary Clinton 47 - 43 percent and Barack Obama 45 - 40 percent .
Gore also moved up rapidly in the primary race poll .
He 's now second to Clinton in the state , while Obama dropped to third . "
Treasurer for the Draft Gore Committee Eva Ritchey told the paper that drafts " are a legitimate political mechanism for encouraging an unwilling candidate to enter the race , " noting that President Dwight Eisenhower was recruited in just such a fashion .
" If the American public really wants him to run , then they have a responsibility to make that loud and clear , " she said .
More than 94,000 have signed the committee 's online call to Gore , according to their site .
Gore says he has no plans to run for president , thought he has n't ruled out a bid .
Researchers at Tel Aviv University in Israel have demonstrated that neurons cultured outside the brain can be imprinted with multiple rudimentary memories that persist for days without interfering with or wiping out others .
" The main achievement was the fact that we used the inhibition of the inhibitory neurons " to stimulate the memory patterns , says physicist Eshel Ben-Jacob , senior author of a paper on the findings published in the May issue of Physical Review E . " We probably made [ the cell culture ] trigger the collective mode of activity that [ is ] possible . "
The results , Ben -Jacob says , set the stage for the creation of a neuromemory chip that could be paired with computer hardware to create cyborglike machines capable of such tasks as detecting dangerous toxins in the air , allowing the blind to see or helping someone who is paralyzed regain some if not all muscle use .
Ben -Jacob points out that previous attempts to develop memories on brain cell cultures ( neurons along with their supporting and insulating glial cells ) have often involved stimulating the synapses ( nerve cell connections ) .
So - called excitatory neurons , which amplify brain activity , account for nearly 80 percent of the neurons in the brain ; inhibitory neurons , which dampen activity , make up the remaining 20 percent .
Stimulating excitatory cells with chemicals or electric pulses causes them to fire , or send electrical signals of their own to neighboring neurons .
According to Ben -Jacob , previous attempts to trigger the cells to create a repeating pattern of signals sent from neuron to neuron in a population — which neuroscientists believe constitutes the formation of a memory in the context of performing a task — focused on excitatory neurons .
These experiments were flawed because they resulted in randomly escalated activity that does not mimic what occurs when new information is learned .
This time , Ben-Jacob and graduate student Itay Baruchi , who led the study , targeted inhibitory neurons to try to bring some order to their neural network .
They mounted the cell culture on a polymer panel studded with electrodes , which enabled Ben -Jacob and Baruchi to monitor the patterns created by firing neurons .
All of the cells on the electrode array came from the cortex , the outermost layer of the brain known for its role in memory formation .
Initially , when a group of neurons is clustered in a network , merely linking them will cause a spontaneous pattern of activity .
Ben -Jacob and Baruchi sought to imprint a memory by injecting a chemical suppressor into a synapse between inhibitory neurons .
Their goal : to disrupt the restrictive function of those cells , essentially causing the brakes they put on the excitatory members in the network to loosen .
" This is like teaching by liberation , " Ben -Jacob says .
" We liberate the excitatory neurons to do what they want to do . "
The pair chemically treated inhibitory neurons by injecting them with droplets of picrotoxin , an antagonist of gamma- aminobutyric acid ( GABA ) , the primary inhibitory neurotransmitter in the brain .
The chemical suppression of the inhibitory neuron created a pattern kicked off by a neighboring excitatory neuron that was now free to fire .
Other neurons in the culture began to fire one by one as they received an electrical signal from one of their neighbors .
This continued in the same pattern , which repeated for over a day .
This new sequence of activity coexisted with the electrical pattern that was spontaneously generated when the neural culture was initially linked .
A day later , they imprinted a third pattern starting at a different inhibitory synapse .
Again , it was able to coexist with the other motifs .
" The surprising thing is it does n't affect the other patterns that the network had before , " Ben -Jacob says .
The bottom line , the authors wrote : " these findings hint chemical signaling mechanisms might play a crucial role in memory and learning in task - performing in vivo networks . "
As Web usability testing enters its 14th year , it 's worth asking how early results have held up to recent user research .
10 years ago , I wrote an article on the changes in Web usability from 1994 to 1997 .
A few of my original findings were no longer valid a mere 3 years after they were issued .
But most of the 1994 guidelines held true in 1997 — and they 're still correct today .
Considering how primitive websites were in 1994 , it 's striking that most of these initial usability guidelines remain valid for today 's sites .
It 's even more impressive when you consider that the Web currently has 120 M sites , and my very first study tested only 5 sites with 3 users .
This tiny , exploratory study 's outstanding outcome and endurance is testament to the power of qualitative usability methodology .
In 1999 , I published my book Designing Web Usability : The Practice of Simplicity .
I based its guidelines on tests of about 100 websites with 200 users .
Over the 5 years between my first test and publishing that first comprehensive book , we learned a lot about Web usability , making it possible to provide sound advice for successful Web design .
Reassessing Old Web Usability Guidelines
It 's reasonable to ask whether the guidelines in Designing Web Usability continue to be valid .
After all , our current Web usability guidelines are based on testing 831 websites with 2,744 users in 16 countries .
The new research is vastly more thorough than the studies I did in the 1990s and has identified more than a thousand new guidelines .
My recent book , Prioritizing Web Usability contains a chapter assessing the guidelines from the 1990s in light of the new findings .
( The rest of the book prioritizes the thousands of new usability guidelines according to their importance for business success . )
In the new book , I offer a section on each of the early Web usability guidelines and judge them in relation to current research findings .
I award each guideline a number of skulls ( dead - man 's heads ) , depending on how important it is for today 's users :
No skulls means that the issue is no longer a problem .
means that the issue is no longer a problem .
1 skull indicates guidelines that are now minor issues .
indicates guidelines that are now minor issues .
2 skulls signify medium - impact usability problems .
signify medium - impact usability problems .
3 skulls indicate issues that still cause major problems in current user testing .
Let 's define our baseline as the total number of potential skulls if all the 1990s ' guidelines had remained major problems and gotten 3 skulls .
In fact , several guidelines got 0 , 1 , or 2 skulls , because various issues have become less problematic over time .
Why Guidelines Change
I remove skulls from a guideline for three reasons that align with the three ways in which a usability issue might be diminished in the modern world .
Technology improvements :
Better browsers , faster bandwidth , or other beefed - up technologies make a particular design idea easier to stomach .
: Better browsers , faster bandwidth , or other beefed - up technologies make a particular design idea easier to stomach .
Behavioral adaptations :
As people grow accustomed to certain interaction techniques , they adapt their behavior , making the techniques easier to use .
: As people grow accustomed to certain interaction techniques , they adapt their behavior , making the techniques easier to use .
Designers exhibit restraint : A design element might remain problematic in principle , but Web designers learn to avoid its most obnoxious forms .
The element thus causes fewer problems , simply because it 's being abused less often .
The following pie chart shows how the original " skulls " ( i.e. , usability problems ) from the 1990s are distributed today :
Fate of Web usability guidelines from the 1990s .
Conclusions from the pie chart :
More than half of the usability findings from the 1990s remain in force .
of the usability findings from the 1990s remain in force .
Only 10 % of the original usability issues have resolved because of improved technology .
Yes , there have been many advances in Web technology , but they typically have n't addressed the real issues that cause users to get lost , misinterpret sites , or be annoyed .
of the original usability issues have resolved because of .
Yes , there have been many advances in Web technology , but they typically have n't addressed the real issues that cause users to get lost , misinterpret sites , or be annoyed .
More skulls were taken away because of changing user behavior than because of technology improvements .
In principle , I think it 's unreasonable to expect humans to adapt to computers , but it does happen , and this is one way that awkward user interfaces eventually become easier to use .
The Web is easier for people to use today than it was in 1994 , simply because people have more experience with its conventions , even when they 're bad .
Finally , let 's consider the pie slice labeled " designers showing restraint . "
Of the guidelines from the 1990s , 22 % are less of an issue today because designers have learned to be less abusive .
But truly , that does n't make the underlying guidelines invalid ; it simply makes them less important .
Take , for example , the guideline to avoid splash screens .
The best - selling Web design book in the 1990s strongly advocated splash screens , which is why I had to campaign so strongly against them in 1999 .
I do n't bother mentioning splash screens in my current courses , however , because no decent designer would open a website with a splash screen .
However , a few clients still request splash screens , so we keep the guideline on the books so that designers can point to documented usability research when warning clients against this annoying design element .
In other words , the 22 % of the old usability problems that are avoided because of current designers ' restraint are like unexploded bombs — they can go off at any minute if future designers forego restraint or clueless clients insist on bad design .
Stability of Usability Guidelines
When we add the points that remain in force to those that represent designer restraint , we find that 80 % of Web usability insights from the 1990s are still current or potential problems today .
I think 80 % is a fairly good performance , considering that my 1999 book was based on data from only 200 users .
On the other hand , we can compare the Web usability guidelines with the durability of application design guidelines from 1986 .
When I analyzed these guidelines , I found that 90 % continue to be valid .
This higher score is all the more impressive when you consider that the application guidelines are 13 years older than my Web guidelines .
There are two reasons the application guidelines had higher durability than the Web guidelines :
The 1986 guidelines were based on more than 25 years of research into application usability .
Studies are cited from as far back as 1961 .
In contrast , my 1999 Web guidelines were based on only 5 years of research .
Still , it was worth publishing the book in 1999 instead of waiting another 20 years , because it was unthinkable to let the horrible state of Web usability continue until 2019 without fighting back .
into application usability .
Studies are cited from as far back as 1961 .
In contrast , my 1999 Web guidelines were based on only 5 years of research .
Still , it was worth publishing the book in 1999 instead of waiting another 20 years , because it was unthinkable to let the horrible state of Web usability continue until 2019 without fighting back .
The Internet has changed more rapidly than computers in general .
Even if most of these changes do n't impact usability guidelines , some of them do .
As a result , we 've had to modify the early Web guidelines to a greater extent than what 's usually necessary for usability guidelines .
Overall , though , whether you look at application or website guidelines , usability guidelines remain remarkably stable across decades .
That 's because they depend on human characteristics , which do n't change that much .
Newer
Web usability guidelines are likely to prove even more stable than the findings from the 1990s .
So far , we have not revised a single guideline that we 've discovered in research since 2000 .
Each time we study something again , the guidelines are reconfirmed .
We continue to discover new guidelines and to retract some of the 1990s ' guidelines , but all the guidelines documented since 2000 remain in force .
I 'm sure we 'll eventually get a test result that causes one to be retracted , but this has n't happened yet .
Learning from History
History shows that the enemies of usability never give up , even as they fight an ever - retreating battle .
One of the enemies ' most insidious arguments goes as follows : " Yes , usability advocates were right in the past , but they are wrong now . "
By thus granting the obvious validity of well - established principles , they gain some credibility in rejecting recent user research .
In 1995 , the enemies of usability said that user testing might be a good way to improve applications , but that it did n't work for websites .
( Ironically , these same people say the opposite today : that usability methods might work for websites , but not for applications . )
, the enemies of usability said that user testing might be a good way to improve applications , but that it did n't work for websites .
( Ironically , these same people say the opposite today : that usability methods might work for websites , but not for applications . )
In 2000 , the enemies of usability said that the usability guidelines might be fine for static websites , but that I was crazy in warning against excessive use of Flash , which " obviously " made for more exciting , dynamic sites .
, the enemies of usability said that the usability guidelines might be fine for static websites , but that I was crazy in warning against excessive use of Flash , which " obviously " made for more exciting , dynamic sites .
Now , the enemies of usability say that while I was perhaps right about the early Flash problems , it 's not reasonable to apply traditional usability guidelines to " Web 2.0 " which proponents claim will revolutionize everything and do away with all that we know .
( No , it wo n't . )
The people who now say that the usability findings from 5 or 10 years ago are obvious are the exact same people who vehemently rejected them at the time .
I safely predict that in 2012 , these same enemies of usability will write blog postings saying " sure , Jakob Nielsen might have been right in 2007 , but he does n't get the fancy new stuff we do here in 2012 . "
Those of us who bother doing the user studies will be laughing in 2017 , when everybody finally agrees that the research findings from 2012 were right on target .
He who laughs last , laughs best .
Via The Washington Post :
Bush administration officials unveiled a bold new assertion of executive authority yesterday in the dispute over the firing of nine U.S. attorneys , saying that the Justice Department will never be allowed to pursue contempt charges initiated by Congress against White House officials once the president has invoked executive privilege .
The position presents serious legal and political obstacles for congressional Democrats , who have begun laying the groundwork for contempt proceedings against current and former White House officials in order to pry loose information about the dismissals .
Under federal law , a statutory contempt citation by the House or Senate must be submitted to the U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia , " whose duty it shall be to bring the matter before the grand jury for its action . "
Read more ...
This should come as a shock to no one .
King George is once again over reaching and claiming powers he does not have .
Write your House Representatives and let them know how you feel .
Inherent Contempt is the only option left for Rep. Conyers , tell your rep that you want to see Harriet Miers held to account for her unlawful behavior .
Remember , be nice ...
As we mentioned last month , Tom DeLay 's new book contains a passage which reads : " liberals have finally joined the ranks of scoundrels like Hitler . "
Being that Tom DeLay has not a modicum of shame left , he again made the reference , this time equating his ( perfectly legitimate ) indictment to , oh , Hitler 's extermination of six million Jews .
Download Download
First runner - up went to Robert F. Turner who penned this atrocious op - ed , which was gleefully picked up by The Eggman and Lauer , but had no basis in reality .
Last updated at 13:56 20 June 2007
Police are investigating the firey death of a man who burst into flames after dousing himself in petrol and then being shot with a taser gun .
Officers used the gun after the man had poured gasoline over himself .
Juan Flores Lopez , 47 , died on Tuesday at a hospital in Texas .
More follows ...
Police initially used pepper spray when they tried to take Lopez into custody .
Then they used the Taser .
Some stun guns emit an electric spark when they deliver the jolt of electricity .
The Texas Rangers were also investigating whether a lighter that was on the porch could have contributed to the fire .
" We do n't know what ignited the fire , " police said .
No one else was injured in the confrontation .
It was unclear whether Lopez had been charged with anything .
Two of his sons who live nearby said their father had been threatening for months to burn himself and his house .
His wife was seeking a divorce and he did not want to have to leave the house , the sons said .
Advisory for the Consumption of Squirrels from the Ringwood Mines / Landfill Superfund Site The New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection ( NJDEP ) and the New Jersey Department of Health ( NJDOH ) announce the following site - specific recommendations regarding the consumption of squirrels taken from the Ringwood Mines / Landfill Superfund site .
The recommendations are based on an analysis by NJDOH , NJDEP , the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Region 2 and the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry / National Center for Environmental Health .
The EPA had found an elevated level of lead in one of six squirrels taken from the site .
Children should not eat squirrel meat taken from the Ringwood Mines / Landfill Superfund site more than once per month .
To protect the fetus , women of child - bearing age and pregnant women should not eat squirrel meat taken from the Ringwood Mines / Landfill Superfund site more than twice per month
Other adults may eat squirrel meat taken from the Ringwood Mines / Landfill Superfund site up to two times per week .
This advisory is intended to prevent elevations in blood lead levels among people who may consume squirrels taken from the site .
The recommendations are based on a typical portion of approximately one - quarter pound of squirrel meat per meal .
Representatives of all these agencies will be on hand at an EPA - sponsored public information session scheduled for Tuesday , January 30 at 630 p.m at the Ringwood Municipal Building .
The purpose of the meeting is to provide an overview of the site status and ongoing biota investigations .
You are encouraged to attend this session so we can address any of your concems .
January 23,2007
Ringwood Mines / Landfill Superfund Site
Ringwood Borough , Passaic County
PI # : G000004537 Alternate Format for the Advisory Adobe Acrobat [ pdf 11 Kb ]
PDF reader software required .
More info .
Want to start a startup ?
Get funded by Y Combinator .
March 2007
( This essay is derived from talks at the 2007 Startup School and the Berkeley CSUA . )
We 've now been doing Y Combinator long enough to have some data about success rates .
Our first batch , in the summer of 2005 , had eight startups in it .
Of those eight , it now looks as if at least four succeeded .
Three have been acquired : Reddit was a merger of two , Reddit and Infogami , and a third was acquired that we can't talk about yet .
Another from that batch was Loopt , which is doing so well they could probably be acquired in about ten minutes if they wanted to .
So about half the founders from that first summer , less than two years ago , are now rich , at least by their standards .
( One thing you learn when you get rich is that there are many degrees of it . )
I 'm not ready to predict our success rate will stay as high as 50 % .
That first batch could have been an anomaly .
But we should be able to do better than the oft - quoted ( and probably made up ) standard figure of 10 % .
I 'd feel safe aiming at 25 % .
Even the founders who fail do n't seem to have such a bad time .
Of those first eight startups , three are now probably dead .
In two cases the founders just went on to do other things at the end of the summer .
I do n't think they were traumatized by the experience .
The closest to a traumatic failure was Kiko , whose founders kept working on their startup for a whole year before being squashed by Google Calendar .
But they ended up happy .
They sold their software on eBay for a quarter of a million dollars .
After they paid back their angel investors , they had about a year 's salary each . [ 1 ]
Then they immediately went on to start a new and much more exciting startup , Justin .
TV .
So here is an even more striking statistic : 0 % of that first batch had a terrible experience .
They had ups and downs , like every startup , but I do n't think any would have traded it for a job in a cubicle .
And that statistic is probably not an anomaly .
Whatever our long - term success rate ends up being , I think the rate of people who wish they 'd gotten a regular job will stay close to 0 % .
The big mystery to me is : why do n't more people start startups ?
If nearly everyone who does it prefers it to a regular job , and a significant percentage get rich , why does n't everyone want to do this ?
A lot of people think we get thousands of applications for each funding cycle .
In fact we usually only get several hundred .
Why do n't more people apply ?
And while it must seem to anyone watching this world that startups are popping up like crazy , the number is small compared to the number of people with the necessary skills .
The great majority of programmers still go straight from college to cubicle , and stay there .
It seems like people are not acting in their own interest .
What 's going on ?
Well , I can answer that .
Because of Y Combinator 's position at the very start of the venture funding process , we 're probably the world 's leading experts on the psychology of people who are n't sure if they want to start a company .
There 's nothing wrong with being unsure .
If you 're a hacker thinking about starting a startup and hesitating before taking the leap , you 're part of a grand tradition .
Larry and Sergey seem to have felt the same before they started Google , and so did Jerry and Filo before they started Yahoo .
In fact , I 'd guess the most successful startups are the ones started by uncertain hackers rather than gung - ho business guys .
We have some evidence to support this .
Several of the most successful startups we 've funded told us later that they only decided to apply at the last moment .
Some decided only hours before the deadline .
The way to deal with uncertainty is to analyze it into components .
Most people who are reluctant to do something have about eight different reasons mixed together in their heads , and do n't know themselves which are biggest .
Some will be justified and some bogus , but unless you know the relative proportion of each , you do n't know whether your overall uncertainty is mostly justified or mostly bogus .
So I 'm going to list all the components of people 's reluctance to start startups , and explain which are real .
Then would - be founders can use this as a checklist to examine their own feelings .
I admit my goal is to increase your self - confidence .
But there are two things different here from the usual confidence - building exercise .
One is that I 'm motivated to be honest .
Most people in the confidence - building business have already achieved their goal when you buy the book or pay to attend the seminar where they tell you how great you are .
Whereas if I encourage people to start startups who should n't , I make my own life worse .
If I encourage too many people to apply to Y Combinator , it just means more work for me , because I have to read all the applications .
The other thing that 's going to be different is my approach .
Instead of being positive , I 'm going to be negative .
Instead of telling you " come on , you can do it " I 'm going to consider all the reasons you are n't doing it , and show why most ( but not all ) should be ignored .
We 'll start with the one everyone 's born with .
1 . Too young
A lot of people think they 're too young to start a startup .
Many are right .
The median age worldwide is about 27 , so probably a third of the population can truthfully say they 're too young .
What 's too young ?
One of our goals with Y Combinator was to discover the lower bound on the age of startup founders .
It always seemed to us that investors were too conservative here — that they wanted to fund professors , when really they should be funding grad students or even undergrads .
The main thing we 've discovered from pushing the edge of this envelope is not where the edge is , but how fuzzy it is .
The outer limit may be as low as 16 .
We do n't look beyond 18 because people younger than that can't legally enter into contracts .
But the most successful founder we 've funded so far , Sam Altman , was 19 at the time .
Sam Altman , however , is an outlying data point .
When he was 19 , he seemed like he had a 40 year old inside him .
There are other 19 year olds who are 12 inside .
There 's a reason we have a distinct word " adult " for people over a certain age .
There is a threshold you cross .
It 's conventionally fixed at 21 , but different people cross it at greatly varying ages .
You 're old enough to start a startup if you 've crossed this threshold , whatever your age .
How do you tell ?
There are a couple tests adults use .
I realized these tests existed after meeting Sam Altman , actually .
I noticed that I felt like I was talking to someone much older .
Afterward I wondered , what am I even measuring ?
What made him seem older ?
One test adults use is whether you still have the kid flake reflex .
When you 're a little kid and you 're asked to do something hard , you can cry and say " I can't do it " and the adults will probably let you off .
As a kid there 's a magic button you can press by saying " I 'm just a kid " that will get you out of most difficult situations .
Whereas adults , by definition , are not allowed to flake .
They still do , of course , but when they do they 're ruthlessly pruned .
The other way to tell an adult is by how they react to a challenge .
Someone who 's not yet an adult will tend to respond to a challenge from an adult in a way that acknowledges their dominance .
If an adult says " that 's a stupid idea , " a kid will either crawl away with his tail between his legs , or rebel .
But rebelling presumes inferiority as much as submission .
The adult response to " that 's a stupid idea , " is simply to look the other person in the eye and say " Really ?
Why do you think so ? "
There are a lot of adults who still react childishly to challenges , of course .
What you do n't often find are kids who react to challenges like adults .
When you do , you 've found an adult , whatever their age .
2 . Too inexperienced
I once wrote that startup founders should be at least 23 , and that people should work for another company for a few years before starting their own .
I no longer believe that , and what changed my mind is the example of the startups we 've funded .
I still think 23 is a better age than 21 .
But the best way to get experience if you 're 21 is to start a startup .
So , paradoxically , if you 're too inexperienced to start a startup , what you should do is start one .
That 's a way more efficient cure for inexperience than a normal job .
In fact , getting a normal job may actually make you less able to start a startup , by turning you into a tame animal who thinks he needs an office to work in and a product manager to tell him what software to write .
What really convinced me of this was the Kikos .
They started a startup right out of college .
Their inexperience caused them to make a lot of mistakes .
But by the time we funded their second startup , a year later , they had become extremely formidable .
They were certainly not tame animals .
And there is no way they'd have grown so much if they 'd spent that year working at Microsoft , or even Google .
They 'd still have been diffident junior programmers .
So now I 'd advise people to go ahead and start startups right out of college .
There 's no better time to take risks than when you 're young .
Sure , you 'll probably fail .
But even failure will get you to the ultimate goal faster than getting a job .
It worries me a bit to be saying this , because in effect we 're advising people to educate themselves by failing at our expense , but it 's the truth .
3 . Not determined enough
You need a lot of determination to succeed as a startup founder .
It 's probably the single best predictor of success .
Some people may not be determined enough to make it .
It 's hard for me to say for sure , because I 'm so determined that I can't imagine what 's going on in the heads of people who are n't .
But I know they exist .
Most hackers probably underestimate their determination .
I 've seen a lot become visibly more determined as they get used to running a startup .
I can think of several we 've funded who would have been delighted at first to be bought for $ 2 million , but are now set on world domination .
How can you tell if you 're determined enough , when Larry and Sergey themselves were unsure at first about starting a company ?
I 'm guessing here , but I 'd say the test is whether you 're sufficiently driven to work on your own projects .
Though they may have been unsure whether they wanted to start a company , it does n't seem as if Larry and Sergey were meek little research assistants , obediently doing their advisors ' bidding .
They started projects of their own .
4 . Not smart enough
You may need to be moderately smart to succeed as a startup founder .
But if you 're worried about this , you 're probably mistaken .
If you 're smart enough to worry that you might not be smart enough to start a startup , you probably are .
And in any case , starting a startup just does n't require that much intelligence .
Some startups do .
You have to be good at math to write Mathematica .
But most companies do more mundane stuff where the decisive factor is effort , not brains .
Silicon Valley can warp your perspective on this , because there 's a cult of smartness here .
People who are n't smart at least try to act that way .
But if you think it takes a lot of intelligence to get rich , try spending a couple days in some of the fancier bits of New York or LA .
If you do n't think you 're smart enough to start a startup doing something technically difficult , just write enterprise software .
Enterprise software companies are n't technology companies , they 're sales companies , and sales depends mostly on effort .
5 . Know nothing about business
This is another variable whose coefficient should be zero .
You do n't need to know anything about business to start a startup .
The initial focus should be the product .
All you need to know in this phase is how to build things people want .
If you succeed , you 'll have to think about how to make money from it .
But this is so easy you can pick it up on the fly .
I get a fair amount of flak for telling founders just to make something great and not worry too much about making money .
And yet all the empirical evidence points that way : pretty much 100 % of startups that make something popular manage to make money from it .
And acquirers tell me privately that revenue is not what they buy startups for , but their strategic value .
Which means , because they made something people want .
Acquirers know the rule holds for them too : if users love you , you can always make money from that somehow , and if they do n't , the cleverest business model in the world wo n't save you .
So why do so many people argue with me ?
I think one reason is that they hate the idea that a bunch of twenty year olds could get rich from building something cool that does n't make any money .
They just do n't want that to be possible .
But how possible it is does n't depend on how much they want it to be .
For a while it annoyed me to hear myself described as some kind of irresponsible pied piper , leading impressionable young hackers down the road to ruin .
But now I realize this kind of controversy is a sign of a good idea .
The most valuable truths are the ones most people do n't believe .
They 're like undervalued stocks .
If you start with them , you 'll have the whole field to yourself .
So when you find an idea you know is good but most people disagree with , you should not merely ignore their objections , but push aggressively in that direction .
In this case , that means you should seek out ideas that would be popular but seem hard to make money from .
We 'll bet a seed round you can't make something popular that we can't figure out how to make money from .
6 . No cofounder
Not having a cofounder is a real problem .
A startup is too much for one person to bear .
And though we differ from other investors on a lot of questions , we all agree on this .
All investors , without exception , are more likely to fund you with a cofounder than without .
We 've funded two single founders , but in both cases we suggested their first priority should be to find a cofounder .
Both did .
But we'd have preferred them to have cofounders before they applied .
It 's not super hard to get a cofounder for a project that 's just been funded , and we 'd rather have cofounders committed enough to sign up for something super hard .
If you do n't have a cofounder , what should you do ?
Get one .
It 's more important than anything else .
If there 's no one where you live who wants to start a startup with you , move where there are people who do .
If no one wants to work with you on your current idea , switch to an idea people want to work on .
If you 're still in school , you 're surrounded by potential cofounders .
A few years out it gets harder to find them .
Not only do you have a smaller pool to draw from , but most already have jobs , and perhaps even families to support .
So if you had friends in college you used to scheme about startups with , stay in touch with them as well as you can .
That may help keep the dream alive .
It 's possible you could meet a cofounder through something like a user 's group or a conference .
But I would n't be too optimistic .
You need to work with someone to know whether you want them as a cofounder . [ 2 ]
The real lesson to draw from this is not how to find a cofounder , but that you should start startups when you 're young and there are lots of them around .
7. No idea
In a sense , it 's not a problem if you do n't have a good idea , because most startups change their idea anyway .
In the average Y Combinator startup , I 'd guess 70 % of the idea is new at the end of the first three months .
Sometimes it 's 100 % .
In fact , we 're so sure the founders are more important than the initial idea that we 're going to try something new this funding cycle .
We 're going to let people apply with no idea at all .
If you want , you can answer the question on the application form that asks what you 're going to do with " We have no idea . "
If you seem really good we 'll accept you anyway .
We 're confident we can sit down with you and cook up some promising project .
Really this just codifies what we do already .
We put little weight on the idea .
We ask mainly out of politeness .
The kind of question on the application form that we really care about is the one where we ask what cool things you 've made .
If what you 've made is version one of a promising startup , so much the better , but the main thing we care about is whether you 're good at making things .
Being lead developer of a popular open source project counts almost as much .
That solves the problem if you get funded by Y Combinator .
What about in the general case ?
Because in another sense , it is a problem if you do n't have an idea .
If you start a startup with no idea , what do you do next ?
So here 's the brief recipe for getting startup ideas .
Find something that 's missing in your own life , and supply that need — no matter how specific to you it seems .
Steve Wozniak built himself a computer ; who knew so many other people would want them ?
A need that 's narrow but genuine is a better starting point than one that 's broad but hypothetical .
So even if the problem is simply that you do n't have a date on Saturday night , if you can think of a way to fix that by writing software , you 're onto something , because a lot of other people have the same problem .
8 . No room for more startups
A lot of people look at the ever - increasing number of startups and think " this ca n't continue . "
Implicit in their thinking is a fallacy : that there is some limit on the number of startups there could be .
But this is false .
No one claims there 's any limit on the number of people who can work for salary at 1000 - person companies .
Why should there be any limit on the number who can work for equity at 5 - person companies ? [ 3 ]
Nearly everyone who works is satisfying some kind of need .
Breaking up companies into smaller units does n't make those needs go away .
Existing needs would probably get satisfied more efficiently by a network of startups than by a few giant , hierarchical organizations , but I do n't think that would mean less opportunity , because satisfying current needs would lead to more .
Certainly this tends to be the case in individuals .
Nor is there anything wrong with that .
We take for granted things that medieval kings would have considered effeminate luxuries , like whole buildings heated to spring temperatures year round .
And if things go well , our descendants will take for granted things we would consider shockingly luxurious .
There is no absolute standard for material wealth .
Health care is a component of it , and that alone is a black hole .
For the foreseeable future , people will want ever more material wealth , so there is no limit to the amount of work available for companies , and for startups in particular .
Usually the limited - room fallacy is not expressed directly .
Usually it 's implicit in statements like " there are only so many startups Google , Microsoft , and Yahoo can buy . "
Maybe , though the list of acquirers is a lot longer than that .
And whatever you think of other acquirers , Google is not stupid .
The reason big companies buy startups is that they 've created something valuable .
And why should there be any limit to the number of valuable startups companies can acquire , any more than there is a limit to the amount of wealth individual people want ?
Maybe there would be practical limits on the number of startups any one acquirer could assimilate , but if there is value to be had , in the form of upside that founders are willing to forgo in return for an immediate payment , acquirers will evolve to consume it .
Markets are pretty smart that way .
9 . Family to support
This one is real .
I would n't advise anyone with a family to start a startup .
I 'm not saying it 's a bad idea , just that I do n't want to take responsibility for advising it .
I 'm willing to take responsibility for telling 22 year olds to start startups .
So what if they fail ?
They 'll learn a lot , and that job at Microsoft will still be waiting for them if they need it .
But I 'm not prepared to cross moms .
What you can do , if you have a family and want to start a startup , is start a consulting business you can then gradually turn into a product business .
Empirically the chances of pulling that off seem very small .
You 're never going to produce Google this way .
But at least you 'll never be without an income .
Another way to decrease the risk is to join an existing startup instead of starting your own .
Being one of the first employees of a startup is a lot like being a founder , in both the good ways and the bad .
You 'll be roughly 1 /n ^ 2 founder , where n is your employee number .
As with the question of cofounders , the real lesson here is to start startups when you 're young .
10 .
Independently wealthy
This is my excuse for not starting a startup .
Startups are stressful .
Why do it if you do n't need the money ?
For every " serial entrepreneur , " there are probably twenty sane ones who think " Start another company ?
Are you crazy ? "
I 've come close to starting new startups a couple times , but I always pull back because I do n't want four years of my life to be consumed by random schleps .
I know this business well enough to know you can't do it half - heartedly .
What makes a good startup founder so dangerous is his willingness to endure infinite schleps .
There is a bit of a problem with retirement , though .
Like a lot of people , I like to work .
And one of the many weird little problems you discover when you get rich is that a lot of the interesting people you 'd like to work with are not rich .
They need to work at something that pays the bills .
Which means if you want to have them as colleagues , you have to work at something that pays the bills too , even though you do n't need to .
I think this is what drives a lot of serial entrepreneurs , actually .
That 's why I love working on Y Combinator so much .
It 's an excuse to work on something interesting with people I like .
11 . Not ready for commitment
This was my reason for not starting a startup for most of my twenties .
Like a lot of people that age , I valued freedom most of all .
I was reluctant to do anything that required a commitment of more than a few months .
Nor would I have wanted to do anything that completely took over my life the way a startup does .
And that 's fine .
If you want to spend your time travelling around , or playing in a band , or whatever , that 's a perfectly legitimate reason not to start a company .
If you start a startup that succeeds , it 's going to consume at least three or four years .
( If it fails , you 'll be done a lot quicker . )
So you should n't do it if you 're not ready for commitments on that scale .
Be aware , though , that if you get a regular job , you 'll probably end up working there for as long as a startup would take , and you 'll find you have much less spare time than you might expect .
So if you 're ready to clip on that ID badge and go to that orientation session , you may also be ready to start that startup .
12 . Need for structure
I 'm told there are people who need structure in their lives .
This seems to be a nice way of saying they need someone to tell them what to do .
I believe such people exist .
There 's plenty of empirical evidence : armies , religious cults , and so on .
They may even be the majority .
If you 're one of these people , you probably should n't start a startup .
In fact , you probably should n't even go to work for one .
In a good startup , you do n't get told what to do very much .
There may be one person whose job title is CEO , but till the company has about twelve people no one should be telling anyone what to do .
That 's too inefficient .
Each person should just do what they need to without anyone telling them .
If that sounds like a recipe for chaos , think about a soccer team .
Eleven people manage to work together in quite complicated ways , and yet only in occasional emergencies does anyone tell anyone else what to do .
A reporter once asked David Beckham if there were any language problems at Real Madrid , since the players were from about eight different countries .
He said it was never an issue , because everyone was so good they never had to talk .
They all just did the right thing .
How do you tell if you 're independent - minded enough to start a startup ?
If you 'd bristle at the suggestion that you are n't , then you probably are .
13 . Fear of uncertainty
Perhaps some people are deterred from starting startups because they do n't like the uncertainty .
If you go to work for Microsoft , you can predict fairly accurately what the next few years will be like — all too accurately , in fact .
If you start a startup , anything might happen .
Well , if you 're troubled by uncertainty , I can solve that problem for you : if you start a startup , it will probably fail .
Seriously , though , this is not a bad way to think about the whole experience .
Hope for the best , but expect the worst .
In the worst case , it will at least be interesting .
In the best case you might get rich .
No one will blame you if the startup tanks , so long as you made a serious effort .
There may once have been a time when employers would regard that as a mark against you , but they would n't now .
I asked managers at big companies , and they all said they 'd prefer to hire someone who'd tried to start a startup and failed over someone who'd spent the same time working at a big company .
Nor will investors hold it against you , as long as you did n't fail out of laziness or incurable stupidity .
I 'm told there 's a lot of stigma attached to failing in other places — in Europe , for example .
Not here .
In America , companies , like practically everything else , are disposable .
14 . Do n't realize what you 're avoiding
One reason people who 've been out in the world for a year or two make better founders than people straight from college is that they know what they 're avoiding .
If their startup fails , they 'll have to get a job , and they know how much jobs suck .
If you 've had summer jobs in college , you may think you know what jobs are like , but you probably do n't .
Summer jobs at technology companies are not real jobs .
If you get a summer job as a waiter , that 's a real job .
Then you have to carry your weight .
But software companies do n't hire students for the summer as a source of cheap labor .
They do it in the hope of recruiting them when they graduate .
So while they 're happy if you produce , they do n't expect you to .
That will change if you get a real job after you graduate .
Then you 'll have to earn your keep .
And since most of what big companies do is boring , you 're going to have to work on boring stuff .
Easy , compared to college , but boring .
At first it may seem cool to get paid for doing easy stuff , after paying to do hard stuff in college .
But that wears off after a few months .
Eventually it gets demoralizing to work on dumb stuff , even if it 's easy and you get paid a lot .
And that 's not the worst of it .
The thing that really sucks about having a regular job is the expectation that you 're supposed to be there at certain times .
Even Google is afflicted with this , apparently .
And what this means , as everyone who 's had a regular job can tell you , is that there are going to be times when you have absolutely no desire to work on anything , and you 're going to have to go to work anyway and sit in front of your screen and pretend to .
To someone who likes work , as most good hackers do , this is torture .
In a startup , you skip all that .
There 's no concept of office hours in most startups .
Work and life just get mixed together .
But the good thing about that is that no one minds if you have a life at work .
In a startup you can do whatever you want most of the time .
If you 're a founder , what you want to do most of the time is work .
But you never have to pretend to .
If you took a nap in your office in a big company , it would seem unprofessional .
But if you 're starting a startup and you fall asleep in the middle of the day , your cofounders will just assume you were tired .
15 . Parents want you to be a doctor
A significant number of would - be startup founders are probably dissuaded from doing it by their parents .
I 'm not going to say you should n't listen to them .
Families are entitled to their own traditions , and who am I to argue with them ?
But I will give you a couple reasons why a safe career might not be what your parents really want for you .
One is that parents tend to be more conservative for their kids than they would be for themselves .
This is actually a rational response to their situation .
Parents end up sharing more of their kids ' ill fortune than good fortune .
Most parents do n't mind this ; it 's part of the job ; but it does tend to make them excessively conservative .
And erring on the side of conservatism is still erring .
In almost everything , reward is proportionate to risk .
So by protecting their kids from risk , parents are , without realizing it , also protecting them from rewards .
If they saw that , they 'd want you to take more risks .
The other reason parents may be mistaken is that , like generals , they 're always fighting the last war .
If they want you to be a doctor , odds are it's not just because they want you to help the sick , but also because it 's a prestigious and lucrative career . [ 4 ]
But not so lucrative or prestigious as it was when their opinions were formed .
When I was a kid in the seventies , a doctor was the thing to be .
There was a sort of golden triangle involving doctors , Mercedes 450SLs , and tennis .
All three vertices now seem pretty dated .
The parents who want you to be a doctor may simply not realize how much things have changed .
Would they be that unhappy if you were Steve Jobs instead ?
So I think the way to deal with your parents ' opinions about what you should do is to treat them like feature requests .
Even if your only goal is to please them , the way to do that is not simply to give them what they ask for .
Instead think about why they 're asking for something , and see if there 's a better way to give them what they need .
16 . A job is the default
This leads us to the last and probably most powerful reason people get regular jobs : it 's the default thing to do .
Defaults are enormously powerful , precisely because they operate without any conscious choice .
To almost everyone except criminals , it seems an axiom that if you need money , you should get a job .
Actually this tradition is not much more than a hundred years old .
Before that , the default way to make a living was by farming .
It 's a bad plan to treat something only a hundred years old as an axiom .
By historical standards , that 's something that 's changing pretty rapidly .
We may be seeing another such change right now .
I 've read a lot of economic history , and I understand the startup world pretty well , and it now seems to me fairly likely that we 're seeing the beginning of a change like the one from farming to manufacturing .
And you know what ?
If you 'd been around when that change began ( around 1000 in Europe ) it would have seemed to nearly everyone that running off to the city to make your fortune was a crazy thing to do .
Though serfs were in principle forbidden to leave their manors , it can't have been that hard to run away to a city .
There were no guards patrolling the perimeter of the village .
What prevented most serfs from leaving was that it seemed insanely risky .
Leave one 's plot of land ?
Leave the people you 'd spent your whole life with , to live in a giant city of three or four thousand complete strangers ?
How would you live ?
How would you get food , if you did n't grow it ?
Frightening as it seemed to them , it 's now the default with us to live by our wits .
So if it seems risky to you to start a startup , think how risky it once seemed to your ancestors to live as we do now .
Oddly enough , the people who know this best are the very ones trying to get you to stick to the old model .
How can Larry and Sergey say you should come work as their employee , when they did n't get jobs themselves ?
Now we look back on medieval peasants and wonder how they stood it .
How grim it must have been to till the same fields your whole life with no hope of anything better , under the thumb of lords and priests you had to give all your surplus to and acknowledge as your masters .
I would n't be surprised if one day people look back on what we consider a normal job in the same way .
How grim it would be to commute every day to a cubicle in some soulless office complex , and be told what to do by someone you had to acknowledge as a boss — someone who could call you into their office and say " take a seat , " and you 'd sit !
Imagine having to ask permission to release software to users .
Imagine being sad on Sunday afternoons because the weekend was almost over , and tomorrow you 'd have to get up and go to work .
How did they stand it ?
It 's exciting to think we may be on the cusp of another shift like the one from farming to manufacturing .
That 's why I care about startups .
Startups are n't interesting just because they 're a way to make a lot of money .
I could n't care less about other ways to do that , like speculating in securities .
At most those are interesting the way puzzles are .
There 's more going on with startups .
They may represent one of those rare , historic shifts in the way wealth is created .
That 's ultimately what drives us to work on Y Combinator .
We want to make money , if only so we do n't have to stop doing it , but that 's not the main goal .
There have only been a handful of these great economic shifts in human history .
It would be an amazing hack to make one happen faster .
Notes
[ 1 ] The only people who lost were us .
The angels had convertible debt , so they had first claim on the proceeds of the auction .
Y Combinator only got 38 cents on the dollar .
[ 2 ] The best kind of organization for that might be an open source project , but those do n't involve a lot of face to face meetings .
Maybe it would be worth starting one that did .
[ 3 ]
There need to be some number of big companies to acquire the startups , so the number of big companies could n't decrease to zero .
[ 4 ] Thought experiment :
If doctors did the same work , but as impoverished outcasts , which parents would still want their kids to be doctors ?
Thanks to Trevor Blackwell , Jessica Livingston , and Robert Morris for reading drafts of this , to the founders of Zenter for letting me use their web - based PowerPoint killer even though it is n't launched yet , and to Ming - Hay Luk of the Berkeley CSUA for inviting me to speak .
Comment on this essay .
Russian Translation
Japanese Translation
Korean Translation
Bumblebee , Ironhide ,
Cliffjumper , Powerglide ,
Windcharger , Ratchet and Jazz ;
Bluestreak and Sunstreaker ,
Beachcomber , Trailbreaker ,
Grapple , Inferno , and Slag .
Blaster , Perceptor ,
and Hoist and then Huffer ,
and Seaspray and Hound and Sideswipe ;
There 's Brawn , and then Wheeljack ,
and Mirage and Warpath and
Smokescreen and Optimus Prime .
There 's Megatron , Starscream and Soundwave ,
and Ravage and Skywarp , Reflector and Bombshell .
Laserbeak , Shockwave , and Kickback and Rumble ,
and Thundercracker , Buzzsaw , Shrapnel .
Scrapper and Scavenger ,
Bonecrusher , Mixmaster ,
Long Haul and Hook , Astrotrain ;
Then there 's old Skyfire ,
he sure is a high flier ,
with Swoop and Omega Supreme .
Thrust , Dirge , and Ramjet ,
then Gears , Red Alert , Tracks ,
and Grimlock and Sludge and then Snarl ;
Frenzy , and Blitzwing ,
and Skids , always missing ,
and Cosmos and then we 've got Prowl .
Blades , Silverbolt , Air Raid , Skydive , Brawl , Groove , First Aid ,
Fireflight , Slingshot , Onslaught , Wildrider ;
Dead End , Blast - off , Dragstrip , Breakdown , Hotspot , Swindle ,
Streetwise , Vortex , Motormaster .
Ultra Magnus , and Hot Rod ,
then Blurr , Kup , and Goldbug ,
then Metroplex , Scamper and Pipes ;
Arcee and Springer ,
and Ramhorn , and Steeljaw ,
and Wheelie and Rodimus Prime .
Broadside and Sandstorm ,
and Sky Lynx and Wreck - Gar ,
Wideload , Slammer , Outback , Tailgate ;
Eject and Rewind and
Rollbar and Searchlight ,
and Swerve , Freeway , Six -Gun , and Chase .
Cyclonus , Scourge , Galvatron , Tantrum ,
Ratbat , Trypticon , Overkill and Octane ,
Runabout , Runamuck , Slugfest , and Razorclaw ,
Divebomb , Headstrong , and Rampage .
Hun -Grrr and Blot ,
Rippersnapper , Cutthroat ,
Sinnertwin , Scattershot , and then Strafe ;
Afterburner and Nosecone ,
then Lightspeed and Chromedome ,
and Brainstorm , and then there 's Pointblank .
Fastlane and Cloudraker ,
Mindwipe and Skullcruncher ,
and Crosshairs , and then there 's Sureshot ...
Snapdragon , Slugslinger ,
Weirdwolf and Misfire ,
and Counterpunch and Scorponok .
There 's Pounce and then Wingspan
and Sixshot and Hardhead
and Highbrow , and then we 've got Apeface ;
Triggerhappy , Cerebros ,
and Punch , Fortress Maximus ,
Abominus , Computron ,
Then there 's Superion ,
Bruticus , Defensor , Menasor , Predaking
Devastator , and the Sweeps .
Why Quimbee ?
Quimbee is a one - of - a- kind educational resource for law students and legal professionals .
From law school case briefs to law school outlines , from bar exam prep to MCLE , Quimbee provides you with the tools you need to succeed in the classroom and beyond .
Created by seasoned legal professionals , Quimbee built the legal resources and law school study aids we wish we had in law school , to help you thrive .
I saved Matt Davies , from the New York Journal News , for last ( see above ) because I have an additional item for you today in the form of a local news video
Matt did recently , in which he pokes fun at how he gets ideas and inspiration for his Pulitzer Prize - winning work .
Click on the screenshot above or go here to see it .
America - Where The Torture Is Only Half - Assed
By all means , read the whole thing .
And then ask yourself why there are so many people who ca n’t distinguish between this stuff , which is real torture , and the attention grab and other enhanced interrogation techniques .
Are they willfully obtuse , scoring political points , or just hopelessly morally muddled ?
We Suck , We Really Suck
Over at Townhall , there has been a discussion about American torture versus Al Qaeda torture .
Dean Barnett , after looking at an Al Qaeda torture manual , writes the following : First , it 's absolutely hilarious that Barnett would accuse those opposed to torture of being morally muddled .
And second …
It turns out that The Heritage Foundation and American Enterprise Institute have signed onto a new report on economic mobility sponsored by the Pew Charitable Trusts .
The only problem is that the report shows that the very policies these two think tanks have advocated have led to workers doing far less well than the previous generation .
After more than doubling in 2006 to 1,468 MW , Canada ’s installed wind power capacity is expected to grow nearly tenfold to 14,100 MW by 2015 , according to a new study by Emerging Energy Research ( EER ) .
“ In the past two years the Canadian wind power market has evolved from relative obscurity — an occasional diversion for wind turbine vendors struggling for market share in the US — to become one of the world ’s largest and fastest growing wind power markets , ” says EER senior analyst Joshua Magee .
This follows on the heals of other big wind numbers from other countries around the world .
Energy industry meet wind power , wind power this is the energy industry .
If anyone had any doubts wind energy has arrived .
With C$18 billion in wind power investment forecasted between 2007 and 2015 , Canada is expected to rank among the world ’s five or six largest wind power markets over the forecast period , with annual MW development over the coming decade set to average 1,400 MW , according to EER ’s study Canada Wind Power Markets and Strategies 2007 - 2015 .
Driven largely by provincial utility RFPs , Canada added 784 MW in new installed wind power capacity in 2006 , more than double the country ’s cumulative installed capacity of 684 MW through the end of 2005 .
Canada will contribute at least a quarter of North America ’s yearly growth through 2015 , and 5 % of total annual global growth .
Quebec and Ontario will account for approximately 60 percent of the total market through the forecast period , with strong growth in British Columbia expected in later years , according to EER ’s study .
“ Provincial utility demand for wind power in Canada since 2004 has changed the game , ” says Magee .
“ Long - term goals for greater use of renewable energy , across nearly all of Canada ’s provinces , has provided the necessary transparency for investment , with strong market fundamentals based on Canada ’s growing concern about its greenhouse gas emissions and energy security policy . ”
Rapid Growth Spurs Intense Competition
Canada ’s scaling wind power market is attracting the attention of most global wind players as well as the major Canadian energy companies .
Meanwhile , a growing cast of emerging wind IPPs in Canada have been leading the frenzied development activity , but the larger new entrants are expected to drive consolidation through acquisitions and partnerships , leaving far less breathing room for smaller , independent developers , according to EER ’s study .
“ The entrance of major Canadian energy companies such as Brookfield Power , TransCanada and ENMAX has placed increasing pressure on Canada ’s emerging wind IPPs to mature quickly or risk losing market relevance , ” says Magee .
“ These companies have been able to leverage their massive financial resources , existing energy experience , and business relationships across provinces to grab a significant portion of recent provincial RFP activity . ”
Emerging wind - based IPPs and developers in Canada have had to quickly reassess their competitive advantages and adapt to a rapidly consolidating market .
Canadian wind IPPs such as Canadian Hydro Developers , SkyPower , Ventus Energy , and Gale Force ( now Airtricity ) have adopted aggressive national project development strategies targeting several provincial RFP tenders at once .
On the supply side , turbine availability from key vendors is largely being coordinated within the context of the larger North American wind market , with most vendors anchoring their North American manufacturing facilities in the US and relaying heavily on transportation strategies to supply Canada with turbines , according to EER ’s study .
“ Given the lack of domestic manufacturing capacity that can be expected in the Canadian market outside of Quebec , turbine vendor mastery of transportation logistics from their new US manufacturing facilities to Canada ’s provinces will be crucial for successful delivery , ” says Magee .
Wind Power to Play Increasing Role in Canada ’s Energy Mix Over Next Decade
Moving forward , longer - term growth opportunities for wind power in Canada will be heavily dependent on the resolution of issues related to higher grid penetration levels ; transmission infrastructure expansion ; and Canada ’s commitment to mitigate its greenhouse gas emissions , according to EER .
“ If Canada remains committed to making significant reductions in its greenhouse gas emissions levels , necessary market changes in transmission and grid penetration policy should follow suit to increase wind ’s share of the country ’s energy mix , ” says Magee .
“ Barring increased competition from other low - emissions energy sources , or a lack of political will to tackle effective climate change policy , the Canadian wind market should likely remain one of the top ten markets in the world over the next decade . ”
Wind power ’s contribution to Canadian electricity supply is poised to grow significantly over the coming decade , according to EER .
While wind power accounted for only 0.7 % of Canada ’s energy generation mix by the end of 2006 , the renewable fuel source ’s contribution to Canadian electricity supply is poised to grow significantly over the coming decade , approaching an average of 5.5 % across all provinces by 2015 .
Bank :
This is the Bank of America , can I help you ?
Customer : Yes , I want to cancel my account .
I do n't want to do business with you any longer .
Bank :
Why ?
Customer :
You 're giving credit to illegal immigrants and I do n't think it 's right .
I 'm taking my business elsewhere .
Bank : Well , Mr. Customer , we do n't want to see you do that , but we can't stop you .
I 'll help you close the account .
What is your account number ?
Customer : ( gives account number ) Bank :
For security purposes and for your protection , can you please give me the last four digits of your social security number ?
Customer : No. Bank : Mr. Customer , I need to verify your information , but in order to help you , I 'll need verification of who you are .
Customer :
Why should I give you my social security number ?
The reason I 'm closing my account is that your bank is issuing credit cards to illegal immigrants who do n't have social security numbers .
You are targeting that audience and want their business .
Let 's say I 'm an illegal immigrant and you 've given me a credit card .
I have a question about it and call for assistance .
You would n't be asking me for a Social Security number , would you ?
Bank :
No sir , I would n't .
Customer : Why not ?
Bank :
Because you would have pressed ' 2 ' to speak in Spanish .
We do n't ask for that information when calling in on the Spanish line .
http://www.snopes.com/politics/immigration/bankofamerica.asp
About
Voices of American Sexuality represents a bold leap for both American Sexuality magazine and the National Sexuality Resource Center .
We 've done a heck of a lot of work to build sexuality dialogues around the country and around the world , and now ( some would say finally ) we 've moved in to the 21st century .
We at AmSex hope this forum becomes useful , interesting and fun for you and yours , and that it enhances your experience of sexual literacy , sexual well being and sexual health !
Blogroll
Previous
Thousands of tubes of toothpaste have been seized in the Americas
The Food and Drug Administration said it could contain diethylene glycol , which has been blamed for the deaths of at least 50 people in Panama last year .
The brands affected are usually sold at " bargain " retail outlets , the FDA said .
The warning comes amid a series of contamination scandals involving Chinese exports to the Americas .
On Thursday , Nicaraguan health authorities seized 40,000 tubes of Chinese - made toothpaste after they were found to contain diethylene glycol ( DEG ) .
The Dominican Republic , Panama and Costa Rica had already removed thousands of tubes of toothpaste from store shelves .
' Low but meaningful risk '
In addition to being used as a coolant , DEG is sometimes used as a low - cost but potentially deadly substitute for glycerine sweetener commonly used in medicines .
It was found in the cough syrup and other medicines blamed for last year 's deaths in Panama .
The FDA issued its alert after its inspectors identified and detained a shipment of toothpaste at the US border , containing about 3 % DEG .
The agency also found DEG in toothpaste at a distribution centre and a retail store .
The labels on the toothpaste found at the retail store did not list DEG as an ingredient .
" The FDA is not aware of any US reports of poisonings from toothpaste containing DEG , " the alert said .
" However , the agency is concerned about potential risks from chronic exposure to DEG and exposure to DEG in certain populations , such as children and individuals with kidney or liver disease . "
The FDA said DEG in toothpaste had a " low but meaningful risk of toxicity and injury " for such groups .
Biblical sex — it could knock your socks off Bible , Sexuality
Source
( Listed if other than Religion News Blog )
June 16 , 2007 Column
Douglas Todd
www.canada.com Vancouver Sun , CanadaJune 16 , 2007 ColumnDouglas
Todd
More About This Subject
This post was last updated : Friday , May 9 , 2014 at 2:27 PM , Central European Time ( CET )
This service uses cookies for analytics , and personalized content .
By continuing to use Specops Authentication , you agree to this use .
Read more
German Breeder Furious Over Cancelled Trip No More Monster Bunnies for North Korea
The fate of 12 German giant rabbits delivered to North Korea is in doubt .
The breeder who sent them suspects they have been eaten by top officials rather than used to set up a bunny farm .
Berlin's North Korean embassy denies the allegation .
One thing is sure : the country will have to find another seller .
Tags
The traditional story is familiar to American schoolchildren : the American Indians possessed a profound spiritual kinship with nature , and were unusually solicitous of environmental welfare .
According to a popular book published by the Smithsonian Institution in 1991 , " Pre-Columbian America was still the First Eden , a pristine natural kingdom .
The native people were transparent in the landscape , living as natural elements of the ecosphere .
Their world , the New World of Columbus , was a world of barely perceptible human disturbance . "
If we are to avert environmental catastrophe , the not - so - subtle lesson goes , we need to recapture this lost Indian wisdom .
As usual , the real story is more complicated , less cartoonish , and a lot more interesting .
In his 1992 book Earth in the Balance , then - Senator Al Gore cited a nineteenth - century speech from Chief Seattle , patriarch of the Duwamish and Suquamish Indians of Puget Sound , as evidence of the Indians ' concern for nature .
This speech , which speaks of absolutely everything in the natural world , including every last insect and pine needle , as being sacred to Seattle and his people , has been made to bear an unusually heavy share of the burden in depicting the American Indians as the first environmentalists .
The trouble for Gore is that the version of the speech he cites is a fabrication , drawn up in the early 1970s by screenwriter Ted Perry .
( Perry , to his credit , has tried without success to let people know that he made up the speech . )
Still , it was influential enough to become the basis for Brother Eagle , Sister Sky , a children 's book that reached number five on the New York Times bestseller list in 1992 .
Earlier versions of the speech , also cited by environmentalists , are suspect for reasons of their own .
But experts say that the intention of Chief Seattle is clear enough , and that it was n't to say that every created thing , sentient and non-sentient , was " holy " to his people , or that all land everywhere had an equal claim upon their affection .
" Seattle 's speech was made as part of an argument for the right of the Suquamish and Duamish peoples to continue to visit their traditional burial grounds following the sale of that land to white settlers , " explains Muhlenburg College 's William Abruzzi .
" This specific land was sacred to Seattle and his people because his ancestors were buried there , not because land as an abstract concept was sacred to all Indians . "
Writing in the American Indian Quarterly , Denise Low likewise explains that " the lavish descriptions of nature are secondary " to the purpose of Chief Seattle 's argument , and that he was saying only that " land is sacred because of religious ties to ancestors . "
Environmentalists who have cultivated the myth of the environmental Indian who left his surroundings in exquisitely pristine condition out of a deeply spiritual devotion to the natural world have done so not out of any particular interest in American Indians , the variations between them , or their real record of interaction with the environment .
Instead , the intent is to showcase the environmentalist Indian for propaganda purposes and to use him as a foil against industrial society .
The Indians ' real record on the environment was actually mixed , and I give the details in my new book , 33 Questions About American History You 're Not Supposed to Ask .
Among other things , they engaged in slash - and - burn agriculture , destroyed forests and grasslands , and wiped out entire animal populations ( on the assumption that animals felled in a hunt would be reanimated in even larger numbers ) .
On the other hand , the Indians often succeeded in being good stewards of the environment — but not in the way people generally suppose .
Although we often hear that the Indians knew nothing of private property , their actual views of property varied across time , place , and tribe .
When land and game were plentiful , it is not surprising that people exerted little effort in defining and enforcing property rights .
But as those things became more scarce , Indians appreciated the value of assigning property rights in ( for example ) hunting and fishing .
In other words , the American Indians were human beings who responded to the incentives they faced , not cardboard cutouts to be exploited on behalf of environmentalism or any other political program .
In some tribes , family - and clan - based groups were assigned exclusive areas for hunting , which meant they had a vested interest in not overhunting , and in making sure enough animals remained to reproduce for future years .
They likewise had an incentive not to allow people from other families and clans to hunt on their land .
In the Pacific Northwest , Indians assigned exclusive fishing rights that yielded a similar kind of stewardship : instead of catching all the salmon , some were left behind with an eye to the future .
Whites who later established control over salmon resources unfortunately neglected this important Indian lesson .
Indians have not always recalled that lesson themselves .
Consider the Arapahoes and Shoshones on Wyoming 's Wind River Reservation , who in recent years ( and with the help of all - terrain vehicles and high - powered rifles ) have all but wiped out entire animal populations .
Whatever happened to their spiritual kinship with nature ?
In fact , this is the predictable result when wildlife is said to belong to everyone .
There is no incentive to preserve any stocks for the future , since anything you might leave behind will simply be killed by someone else .
Without property rights in hunting , there is no way ( and no incentive ) for anyone to prevent such short - term , predatory behavior .
That 's why Indian tribes assigned these exclusive rights — it was the best way to preserve animal species and provide for the future .
Say , does n't this lost Indian wisdom bear repeating ?
Carnegie Mellon researchers use sonar to map , demystify El Zacatón
A robotic vehicle designed for underwater exploration plunged repeatedly into the depths of Mexico ’s mysterious El Zacatón sinkhole in late May , finding its previously undiscovered bottom 318 meters below the surface and generating a sonar map of its inner dimensions .
The vehicle employed autonomous navigation and mapping systems developed by Carnegie Mellon University ’s Robotics Institute .
During a two - week NASA - funded exploration led by Bill Stone of Stone Aerospace , the Deep Phreatic Thermal Explorer ( DEPTHX ) revealed that the geothermal sinkhole , or cenote , did not have a tunnel or any other obvious underwater connections with neighboring cenotes in the Mexican state of Tamaulipas .
It also obtained numerous samples of water and the gooey biofilm coating the cenote ’s walls .
" We ’re very pleased about the performance of the DEPTHX system , " said David Wettergreen , an associate research professor who headed Carnegie Mellon ’s contingent of the research team .
" We hit our technical objectives in creating a system that could explore and map autonomously . "
In addition to gathering information regarding geothermal sinkholes , DEPTHX tested technologies and methods that might be useful in other underwater explorations , including the long - term possibility of exploring the oceans hidden under the icy crust of Europa , one of Jupiter ’s moons .
For the near term , NASA recently approved a project that will use these technologies to explore underneath the ice of West Lake Bonney in Antarctica ’s Taylor Valley .
The DEPTHX vehicle , 2.5 meters in diameter , included 56 sonars that the Carnegie Mellon team used to determine the location of the vehicle as it explored the cenote .
It also used the sensors to create maps of the sinkhole ’s interior via a technique called simultaneous localization and mapping , or SLAM .
Prior to the DEPTHX field experiment , SLAM had been used for navigating in buildings and mines , but had never operated in an underwater environment or with such sparse sensor input .
Robots typically navigate by recognizing features , but cenote walls , while irregular , lack distinctive features .
To overcome this challenge , DEPTHX had to navigate by recognizing a more global response from all of its sensors .
Wettergreen said demonstrating that SLAM could work in such a featureless environment suggests that it will have applications in environments with similarly sparse features , like rivers or mines .
Though initially operated on a tether , DEPTHX eventually operated autonomously , without a tether or human guidance , for eight hours at a time .
" The fact that we never lost it , never required a rescue mission , is an achievement itself , " Wettergreen added .
Source : Carnegie Mellon University
Last updated at 13:17 01 June 2007
In a bunker beneath the bustling streets of central London , guards monitor a grid of closed - circuit television .
The centre , at a secret location , is run by a private company in association with the police and local council .
Polls show broad public acceptance , even if the cameras more often capture a couple in loving embrace than a terrorist about to wreak havoc .
Scroll down for more ...
Britain has more than 4 million closed - circuit security cameras , more than any other Western democracy .
Police say the average Briton is on as many as 300 cameras every day , usually unaware .
The density of surveillance is significantly higher than in any other Western democracy , says Jen Corlew , spokeswoman for Liberty , a London - based human rights group .
" We are sleepwalking towards a Big Brother society , not in one fell swoop but by stages , " warns The Spectator , a conservative magazine .
" There is no boot stamping on a face : just an ever more insistent foot in the door . "
But the vast majority of 4,000 people surveyed in 2005 said they believed that tapping phones , opening mail and following terror suspects were a price worth paying to stay safe , according to British Social Attitudes Report - an annual survey released in January .
Some 81 percent thought tapping telephones and opening mail were prices worth paying .
For terrorism suspects , 80 percent supported electronic tagging .
The British seem to have rallied around the idea that some long - accepted freedoms may have to be curbed in the face of a common enemy - in much the way an earlier generation made sacrifices during World War II .
" When it comes to people 's safety , I do n't think they can go too far , " said Jonathon Walkes , 29 , a London lawyer .
" For the most part , we just go about our lives knowing that people are watching .
I 'm still rowdy after a night at the pub . "
British authorities say people should n't worry about the close surveillance - unless they 're doing something wrong .
" We appreciate that the cameras and some of the other measures are seen as invasive , but only people who really have something to worry about should be concerned , " David Morgan , a Metropolitan Police Chief Superintendent , said on a tour of the bunker .
As he spoke , a series of seemingly private moments unfolded - ranging from a young couple stepping into the shadows for a kiss to a driver sneaking into a restricted bus lane .
US television regulator the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) may not have the right to police American airwaves , a court has ruled .
The ruling is a blow to a George W Bush - led clampdown on on - air swearing .
The US Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit in New York has said that an indecency finding in 2006 against television network Fox Broadcasting over two separate live swearing incidents went too far .
It also questioned the basis of a 2004 FCC policy revision targeting " fleeting " swearing .
The FCC 's policing of " indecent " speech stems from section 1464 of the United States Code which provides that : " [ w ] hoever utters any obscene , indecent , or profane language by means of radio communication shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than two years , or both . "
The FCC 's authority to regulate the broadcast medium is limited by the Communications Act , which prohibits the FCC from engaging in censorship , but it has authority to impose penalties for violations .
The commission has long applied its own definition of indecent speech : " Indecent speech is language that describes , in terms patently offensive as measured by contemporary community standards for the broadcast medium , sexual or excretory activities and organs .
Such indecent speech is actionable when broadcast at times of the day when there is a reasonable risk that children may be in the audience . "
However , it also had a policy that a " fleeting expletive " would not be actionable .
Fleeting swearing is the one - off , brief use of swearing , usually in a live broadcast .
That policy changed in 2004 , after a speech by Bono at the Golden Globe Awards in 2002 .
Accepting an award , the U2 frontman said : " This is really , really , fucking brilliant .
Really , really great . "
The expletive was not repeated , but the FCC took the view that it violated the rules on indecency .
The FCC 's policy change on swearing is seen in the US as a reflection of President Bush 's views and the Court attacked its constitutional basis .
The Court said that the FCC's " new policy sanctioning ' fleeting expletives ' is arbitrary and capricious ... we are doubtful that by merely proffering a reasoned analysis for its new approach to indecency and profanity , the FCC can adequately respond to the constitutional and statutory challenges raised by the networks " .
Fox was found to be in breach of the revised FCC rule in two incidents , one involving singer Cher , the other involving socialite turned TV personality Nicole Ritchie .
Both incidents took place in live , music - related programmes .
No penalty followed because the incidents predated the 2004 rule change .
In her acceptance speech at the 2002 Billboard Music Awards , Cher had said : " People have been telling me I 'm on the way out every year , right ?
So fuck 'em . "
When presenting the 2003 Billboard Music Awards , Richie had said : " Have you ever tried to get cow shit out of a Prada purse ?
It 's not so fucking simple . "
Fox , backed by other networks , mounted a legal challenge to the FCC 's decision , claiming that the FCC had breached the US Constitution 's first amendment , which guarantees the right to free speech .
The court said that it agreed that the action was unconstitutional , but its ruling was restricted to the specific FCC rule change , saying that that banning of " fleeting " swearing was against the law .
The FCC is considering a Supreme Court appeal , and the constitutional element of the case makes acceptance of it by the Supreme Court more likely than it would be without any constitutional claim .
" I 'm disappointed in the court 's ruling , " FCC chairman Kevin Martin told the Washington Post .
" I think the commission had done the right thing in trying to protect families from that kind of language , and I think it 's unfortunate that the court in New York has said that this kind of language is appropriate on TV . "
The FCC has been clamping down on swearing on television more vigorously than previously in the past four years .
Last year it requested that Congress increase the maximum fines it can levy for indecency more than tenfold .
Congress acceded to the request to increase the maximum fine from $ 32,000 to $ 325,000 .
The Parents Television Council said that the ruling " cleared the way for networks to use the f- word and s- word in front of children at any time of the day " .
The Court addressed that claim in its ruling , though , saying that this had not been the case before the FCC changed its approach .
Copyright © 2007 , OUT - LAW.com
OUT -LAW.COM is part of international law firm Pinsent Masons .
Related links
The UK's Broadcasting Code
The UK 's rules on offensive content in broadcasts
Tesla Full Self - Driving Review
07:25
Tesla Motors says it 's developing hardware and software to power the world ’s first self - driving cars .
The software , called , ‘ Full Self - Driving Capability ’ , costs Tesla owners an additional $ 8,000 to buy .
But does it work as promised ?
I just left the CNN / YouTube conference call announcing a series of groundbreaking presidential debates designed to involve the Internet community , and I ’m inspired .
Chad Hurley ’s comments regarding the opening of media channels and the involvement of the YouTube community sounded refreshingly sincere .
CNN host Anderson Cooper will host the first debate on July 23rd in South Carolina , featuring the Democratic candidates responding to a series video questions submitted by YouTubers .
Selected questioners will be flown to South Carolina to participate in the live event .
The Republican debate will be held in Florida on September 17 .
You have until July 22 to submit your video questions .
" Bingo , " said Dr. Norman Crouch , the laboratory 's director .
" It was a 98 percent match .
We knew we had nailed it . "
The Minnesota laboratory sent the sample to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta , which confirmed the results .
Officials were immediately concerned about where the virus originated and where it might have spread .
Confirming the presence of polio in a city with even one infected person is not impossible , said Dr. Mark D. Sobsey , a professor of environmental microbiology at the University of North Carolina .
The stool of an infected person contains so many viral particles that tests at a sewage treatment plant can reveal it .
Such tests helped track outbreaks in the Gaza Strip and Haiti in recent years .
Since many Amish use outhouses , however , state officials geared up to go door to door .
They unearthed a public health form explaining how to collect stool samples .
The form had pictures of a flush toilet and a garbage can with a plastic liner -- things foreign to many Amish communities .
Officials changed the form .
Gary Wax , an epidemiologist for the Minnesota Department of Health , contacted the leader of the Amish community where the child lives and asked for his permission to seek stool samples from those in his community .
The leader gave his blessing , Mr. Wax said .
" We really tried to do it in a respectful way rather than just barge right in there , " Mr. Wax said .
Since the Amish have no phones , he could not call for appointments .
He and his colleagues knocked on doors .
They had been warned against speaking directly to Amish women without their husbands present , Mr. Wax said , and the men were " running all over the place , helping each other with harvesting and construction . "
So if the man was not at home , they left .
" We came back many times to some places , " Mr. Wax said .
After weeks of effort , just 5 of 24 families in the community agreed to cooperate .
Three of the five , including the family of the 8 - month - old , proved to have infected children .
For those eager to write off Iraq as lost , one fact bears remembering .
A great many Shiites and Kurds , who together make up 80 percent of the population , will tell you that in spite of all the mistakes the Americans have made here , the single act of removing Saddam Hussein was worth it .
And the new American plan , despite all the obstacles , may have a chance to work .
With an Iraqi colleague , I have been studying a neighborhood in northern Baghdad that has become a dumping ground for bodies .
There , after American troops conducted sweeps , the number of corpses dropped by a third in September .
The new plan is built around that kind of tactic .
But the odds are stacked against the corps of bright young officers charged with making the plan work , particularly because their Iraqi partner — the government of Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al - Maliki — seems to be on an entirely different page .
When American officials were debating whether to send more troops in December , I went to see an Iraqi government official .
The prospect of more troops infuriated him .
More Americans would simply prolong the war , he said .
“ If you do n’t allow the minority to lose , you will carry on forever , ” he said .
The remarks struck me as a powerful insight into the Shiites ’ thinking .
Abused under Mr. Hussein , they still act like an oppressed class .
That means Iraqis are looking into a future of war , at least in the near term .
As one young Shiite in Sadr City said to me : “ This just has to burn itself out . ”
Hazim al - Aaraji , a disciple of the renegade Shiite cleric Moktada al - Sadr , understands this .
A cleric himself , he is looking for foot soldiers for the war .
On a warm October afternoon , as he bustled around his mosque in western Baghdad , he said the ideal disciples would have “ an empty mind , ” and a weapon .
Surprised by the word choice , an Iraqi friend I was with stopped him , to clarify his intent .
Once again , he used the word “ empty . ”
The frank remark spoke of a new power balance , in which radicals rule and moderates have no voice .
For many families I have become attached to here , the country is no longer recognizable .
I met Haifa and her husband , Hassan , both teachers , in a driveway in western Baghdad .
They had just found the body of their 12 - year - old son , who had been kidnapped and brutally killed , and were frantic with grief .
They finally decided to leave Iraq , but its violence tormented them to the end .
They paid a man to drive them to Jordan , but he was working with Sunni militants in western Iraq , and pointed out Hassan , a Shiite , to a Sunni gang that stopped the car .
Over the next several hours , Haifa waved a tiny Koran at men in masks , pleading for her husband ’s release , her two remaining children in tow .
Hassan , meanwhile , knelt in a small room , his hands behind his back .
His captors shot a man next to him in the neck .
Haifa , a Sunni , eventually prevailed on them to let him go .
The family returned to Baghdad , then borrowed money to fly to Jordan .
Now they live there , in a tiny basement apartment without windows in a white stone housing project on the side of a hill .
Like many Iraqis there , they live in hiding .
Residency permits cost $ 100,000 , far beyond their means .
Hassan cannot work , nor even risk leaving the house during the day for fear the Jordanian police will deport him .
Travelers Insurance is running an ad in Inc. Magazine with the headline :
“ To catch a geek , you have to think like a geek . ”
There ’s a picture of a person wearing pants that do n’t fit , frayed red socks , and untied shoes .
The advertisement says , “ Fashion sense aside , today ’s high - tech criminals are evolving constantly …
Give your independent agent a call , and spend your time taking your business to the next level .
Instead of worrying about a crook in ill - fitting pants . ”
Am I nuts , or is this ad really offensive ?
First of all , the implication that geeks are somehow a threat .
The whole tone of the ad is that you need their excellent insurance because the world is swarming with nerds and geeks who are going to break into your business systems and steal from you .
So buy our insurance .
Second .
What is this , high school ?
With the bullies who fail all their classes have such an inferiority complex they have to make fun of the geeks ?
If this is high school , Travelers is the neanderthal jock beating up geeks for their lunch money .
“ Protection ” money .
Third .
I ca n’t really think of anyone less qualified to “ protect ” you from “ geeks ” than a bunch of insurance salesmen .
Get over yourselves .
Have you looked at your own actuaries ?
Have you noticed how insurance people dress ?
Fourth .
Can you imagine anyone more harmless than a geek ?
A skinny nerd happily entertaining himself playing Dungeons and Dragons , or quietly playing practical jokes on bandwidth - thieves , or laughing hysterically at reinterpretations of 19th century light opera ?
What exactly is the threat , fat necks ?
What are you afraid of ?
I ’m sorry , Travelers , maybe the current Bush presidency has given you the idea that it ’s ok to make fun of the scientists , inventors , researchers and programmers who are creating the future , finding cures for your diseases , building the spreadsheets you use to figure out how much commission you ’re making , and educating your idiot progeny .
Maybe a know - nothing in the White House has given you the idea that it ’s somehow acceptable now to poke fun of geeks and nerds , in big two - page ad spreads on the inside front cover of a magazine for founders of startups .
But you know what , morons ?
You probably forgot that most of the people that read Inc. are geeks .
And we buy insurance .
Lots of insurance .
Like me .
And in fact I used to buy it from you .
But not any more .
Plan 9 from Bell Labs
Plan 9 is a distributed system - built from terminals , cpu servers , and file servers .
An overview of its capabilities is available .
The 4th Edition of Plan 9 was released under an open source license on April 27 , 2002 .
This release is available for download from the Bell Laboratories Plan 9 distribution home page
useful references
web sites
links
old Plan 9 documents ( out of date , but still relevant )
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
No asbestos was detected in the air Thursday after a steam pipe burst in Midtown in Manhattan the day before , killing one person and wounding 26 others as the ruptured pipe sent thick plumes of smoke and ash into the air .
A steam pipe burst in midtown Manhattan during rush hour Wednesday .
more photos »
The city 's Office of Emergency Management said , however , that asbestos was detected in six of 10 samples of dust and debris taken from the area .
The city 's Department of Environmental Protection will continue to test the debris , according to a statement on the Office of Emergency Management 's Web site .
" People who may ( have come ) into contact with the steam or debris should take a shower and place their clothes in plastic bags for cleaning or disposal , " the statement said .
" People inside buildings in the frozen zone should keep windows closed and switch air conditioners to recirculate the air inside instead of drawing in air from outside . "
The area around the site was " frozen " because of the fear of asbestos in the air .
Those in the frozen zone are allowed to stay in the area , but should use caution .
No one will be allowed to enter the zone from outside , the office said .
The New York Fire Department said three firefighters and one police officer were treated on scene for minor injuries .
The other 22 injured were transported to various hospitals , a fire department spokesman said .
New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg said the person who died suffered from cardiac arrest .
The New York Fire Department said it received a call reporting an explosion at 5:56 p.m .
More than 170 firefighters were dispatched to the site at Lexington Avenue near 41st Street .
Hundreds of people fled as dozens of police , fire and utility workers arrived .
Officials said the explosion was not related to terrorism .
Carol Bergendale , who witnessed the blast , told WABC that people immediately feared a terror attack .
She said there was a loud noise that lasted more than 10 minutes , and people started driving in the wrong direction to get away .
Former CNN reporter Adaora Udoji , now with CourtTV , said the scene at the time of the blast was " pandemonium . "
Watch steam billow up through the street »
" It felt like an earthquake .
We saw hundreds and hundreds of people running down Third Avenue , " she said .
" They were screaming ; they were crying . "
Udoji said the blast left a crater " many dozens of feet wide , " comparing it to the craters she saw after bombings during a stint in Iraq .
She also said a " hissing noise " could be heard for blocks .
Blast leaves massive crater »
The emergency response was " instantaneous , " she said -- within about 20 minutes the entire area was locked down .
Video from the scene showed steam and mud spewing from underground and a small school bus with its windows and a door blown out .
New York Police Department Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne , speaking to CNN , said the explosion was " major . "
" The ground was literally shaking under your feet , " he said .
Power company ConEdison was checking the area for any asbestos and expected to have test results in Wednesday night .
Andrew Troisi of the New York Office of Emergency Management said people in the area who do not need to be there should leave .
" This is a rescue operation .
We have not begun to really detail the possible contaminants in the area , but there 's a very good chance that hazardous materials are in the air , " he said .
" Let 's not take any chances . "
The pipe that exploded was installed in 1924 and there is speculation that " there was cold water getting into the pipe , and cold water apparently causes these to explode , " Bloomberg said .
" It might have been bursts of cold water from the rain or because of another water main break , " he said .
ConEdison crews inspected the pipes earlier in the day for vapor conditions and found nothing wrong , company Chairman Kevin Burke said .
ConEdison provides steam power to about 1,800 commercial and residential customers in Manhattan from the Battery to 96th Street , according to the utility 's Web site .
Steam sales account for less than 10 percent of ConEdison 's sales .
E-mail to a friend
All About New York City Fire Department
Just for Fun. . .
Understanding Redneck Philosophy March 5 , 2004 - Donald K. Burleson
The term " redneck " is often misunderstood by those north of the Mason - Dixon line .
Many Yankees misunderstand this beloved term of endearment and treat the word as if it were some kind of insult .
A true Southerner understands that achieving the state of Redneck is a noble pursuit .
The guiding principles of Redneck philosophy are easily misunderstood by outsiders , so let 's take a closer look at the goals of those who strive for the state of Redneck .
Also , see my related notes on red neck art collecting , Redneck lawn ornaments and Redneck Cuisine ideas .
The Redneck Philosophy Being a " real " Redneck is so much more than driving a pick - up truck and naming your dog Bubba .
A true Redneck does not feel the need to impress people with the outward trappings of superficial wealth and a real Redneck is perfectly comfortable in an Armani suit or a stained t- shirt .
Redneck art is now being sold in the top galleries , and make sure to read by notes redneck animal art .
Rednecks truly feel sorry for the poor bastards who work their asses off for eight years in college only to become corporate slaves ; all that hard work just to get a decent BMW and a Rolex .
You see , a real Redneck would never feel the need to brag or ever think to mention to hard working yuppies that the 80 acre family farm is worth eight million dollars , and of that , five million is in farm equipment that is only used a few weeks each year .
Without trying to sound too much like Jeff Foxworthy , a great comedian who is a tad misinformed about Redneck theology , let me explain the basic tenets of achieving a state of Redneck : Sense of Inner Peace – True Rednecks are at peace with the world , and this is not just because they have guns in every room of their home .
They are not remotely concerned with what others may think of their Redneck lifestyle .
High Sense of Duty and Honor – True Rednecks will defend their sacred honor and will not tolerate those who disparage their families , traditions or loved ones .
Many a surprised New Yorker has pondered this while visiting an Emergency Room after flipping off a Redneck .
Disregard for Time – True Rednecks do no respect man-made timelines .
Their lives are lived one day at a time .
True rednecks may put cars up on blocks for a decade before restoration even begins .
Disregard for Man-Made Mores – True Rednecks will follow their tastes and desires without regard for social customs and that which might constitute “ appropriate ” behavior in polite company .
Rednecks are not constrained by outsider opinions or what Madison Avenue dictates about taste , so they are free to embrace whatever they choose without guilt or remorse .
Honoring Ancestors – Real Rednecks know details about every one of their ancestors who fought in the American Revolution and the Civil War .
Ardent patriots , true Rednecks will always fly the Star Spangled Banner right above the Stars and Bars on every national holiday .
True Rednecks will also participate in war reenactments as a way of honoring the Redneck sacrifices of their ancestors .
Eschewing Wealth – My cousin Sara - Ruth lives on land with a massive garden and her own livestock .
She even has a banana tree .
The only things she buys are sugar and coffee .
Her house and properly were paid for centuries ago when our Great - Great - Great Granddaddy , Aaron Burleson , received it from the Continental Congress as a thank - you for him having fought in the American Revolution .
Sara - Ruth lives a simple and free life with none of the usual worries about money and keeping up with the Joneses .
Living around Rednecks has had a profound effect on my way of looking at life .
Once while driving my fancy new car , I visited a country cousin and committed what Redneck Theologists call the “ sin of pride ” when I mentioned that the car had cost me a fortune .
In good humor , he pointed to his giant farm tractor and said , “ Well , I ’m impressed .
See that reaper over there ?
She cost me over $ 200,000.00 ; I paid cash ; and I reckon I only take her out a few weeks a year ” .
Man , was I ever humbled in the presence of such profound Redneck wisdom .
I now think twice before bragging .
Sure , the tenets and promises of the Redneck Theology seem like unachievable goals , but I ’m told that with years of conscientious study and practice , as true state of Redneck is achievable , even for a sinner like me .
Now , I ask you :
How am I doing as a Redneck ?
While I freely admit that I am but a neophyte , I have studied Redneck Theology for years and have tried to mold my life in the image of those who possess the true inner peace of Redneck nirvana .
While I normally do n’t like to brag , I think I ’ve made great progress in my quest for Redneck nirvana .
Here is me and my little Rottweiler , " Bear " .
Other people says she is mean and dangerous ( she once pinned meter - reader into a corner for three hours ) , but I love her anyway .
My Redneck studies have also given me the freedom to collect art .
A real Redneck buys what they like without regard for the opinions of the art - snobs , and I 'm making significant progress .
Here is my most - prized artwork , an alien face made from the rear - end of a deer carcass .
( The aliens beard is the deer 's tail , Can you guess which part the mouth is ? )
Only a real Redneck would appreciate the insight and creativity required to compose this bold artistic statement about 21st Century society .
Here is me with my Redneck mentor D.S. , my role - model who tutors me in the finer points of Redneck theology .
D.S. is a Redneck 's Redneck , free of the constraints of conventional society .
A wealthy landholder , D.S. chooses to live in a modest home and has no desire to impress anyone with the trappings of his personal wealth .
My ancestors have fought in every major conflict including the American Revolution and both my Great - Grandparents fought at Gettysburg .
Hence , I 'm getting in touch with my redneck obligations above by preparing for a Civil War reenactment with my friends Mike Ault and Harry Conway , ready to get us some Yankee invaders .
Here is " Old Yeller " , my 1957 Chevy Dually .
She 's a beauty , eh ?
I have a hard time driving her on weekends because my teenage son uses her to pick - up girls .
I 've been meaning to fix - up this car for over six years now , and someday I 'll get around to it .
I think it makes a great yard ornament .
I enjoy having livestock in the house and my wife Janet uses our shower for her ponies .
Part of the Redneck Theology is doing whatever you want without the pressures of social customs .
Smoking is considered socially unacceptable , but being a licensed North Carolina tobacco auctioneer , I feel it's my duty to support the " Golden Leaf " .
I 've also taken to working naked , and I find this very freeing , allowing me to express my inner Redneck .
It 's also ensures that people knock before entering my office .
Any Redneck scholar will tell you that horses are better than people any day .
In any case , I do n't want this to come - off like I 'm bragging because I still have a long way to go on my journey for inner peace .
With the help of my friends and mentors I continue my journey into the deep mysteries of the Redneck Theology and I continue to work hard to someday achieve a true state of Redneck .
What we really need is an airline dedicated to Redneck Cruise travel : Also see : Preventing Hippies Redneck Cuisine ideas
Make you own redneck art Redneck Cruise 2012 Update :
You can now invest in original 21st century American folk art ( Redneck art ) created by redneck butt - master Don Burleson .
Comments from Redneck Readers : I think you are well on your way to “ redneck nirvana ” .
The mere fact that you are consulting with guys like D.S. and have been in pursuit of this elevated state of mind puts you way ahead of the rest of the pack .
You know what they say if you ’re not the lead dog in the pack right ?
The view never changes .
Anyway , I wo n’t keep you long .
I just wanted to let you know that I approve of your redneck beliefs .
This is coming from a true “ high - tech redneck ” , a 20 year IT person with 8 years of Oracle DBA scars notched on my laptop and just to give you an idea of where I came from , Tammy Wynette was my baby sitter .
( For real ! –
That ’s scary .
Huh ? )
Take care and keep up the great work !
That ’s a fine team of guys you ’ve got there .
Sincerely , Keith Wilson , “ high - tech redneck DBA from Alabama ”
First of all , I absolutely love Mr. Burleson 's piece on Redneck Philosophy ...
I 've never been more entertained ( or educated , as I am a young Yankee ) at work so far in my young career .
Second , after reading it I truly believe I am a Redneck at heart , as I 'd easily be just as comfortable in a suit and tie as I would in my destroyed jeans and white undershirts .
Third , your stallion is gorgeous .
And fourth , even if I 'm not eligible for Redneck Status , at least I can thoroughly appreciate it ....
Chad White
Toledo , Ohio 14 May 2015
I just read your redneck theology and I have to say you must be the biggest *** hole on the planet .
In the pictures you have your shirt lifted as if to make fun of people like me !!
You have no idea what the hell you 're talking about .
It 's not about old trucks or cars on blocks or livestock in the house , it 's about being happy with who you are and not giving a **** what *** holes like you have to say or think about us .
It is about being yourself and not caring about having to dress up but being yourself .
You really need to get your facts straight before you piss off the wrong person ....
Philip D .
NC State University Employee
Raleigh , NC
Crypto-politics .
Why do n’t we understand them ?
What are they and what do they mean ?
It is not that we are not capable of understanding them , but that those who lurk in the shadows while dictating crypto-politics are carefully plotting the earth ’s course to suit their selfish needs .
Accordingly , it does not suit their purpose to reveal that course , or even to reveal their purpose or identity .
At our peril , they wish to remain as an invisible empire that navigates the course of world history to ultimately ensure their future , in exchange for the doom of our own .
As a result , we are in fact at the doorstep of a world crisis .
Assault Weapon Watch
The Coalition To Prevent Assault Weapon Violence was hastily organized in the wake of the 1994 Assault Weapon Ban expiration on September 13 , 2004 .
We organized when one of our founding members read a press release by the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence that AK - 47s and Uzis were “ coming to [ our ] neighborhood this summer . ”
Read more …
You can make a difference
One of the first things we realized when we started this was that fellow anti-gun organizations have made mistakes in their claims that these weapons are inexpensive and readily available .
Quite to the contrary , we ended up paying over $ 1,500 for the “ Colt AR - 15 ” we are currently monitoring !
At least this is one assault weapon that is off of the streets !
Your spare funds could help us purchase additional weapons for testing .
As little as $ 5 can buy ammunition that could be the missing catalyst that causes these weapons to rain destruction on our streets , allowing us to document this once and for all .
Put your money to work .
So far we have yet to see violence from our assault weapons .
However , we realize that the weapons we obtained for our testing is but a small subset of these extremely expensive , underpowered , innaccurate weapons apparently preferred by gang members , drug dealers and other dangerous criminals .
What is this … person … going on about ?
She decries teaching some mathematical reasoning ( “ cluster methods ” ) in elementary school and wants to emphasize rote algorithm drill - and - kill work instead ?
She blames 18 - year - olds not being able to handle logical reasoning on them not having memorized traditional arithmetic algorithms ?
She equates “ maths ” with “ rote arithmetic ” ?
It annoys me that she plays to the parents ’ fear and ignorance against progress in teaching kids to think .
What method do you really think would help kids to later be able to prove theorems in real analysis , operate group theory or grok category theory , “ cluster ” reasoning or repetitive algorithm crankery ?
Argh !
Story Highlights •
One dismissed attorney says decision should be revisited
• Two others believe they are owed an apology
• Gonzales comments called " a step in the right direction "
• " I do n't think he even knows the reasons , " one says
Adjust font size :
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
One of eight U.S. attorneys fired in a controversial Justice Department shakeup said Tuesday that Attorney General Alberto Gonzales should rethink the dismissals , and two others said apologies were due .
" I think the attorney general at least took a first step toward acknowledging his errors , but I was extremely disappointed that he has not called into question the firing of the U.S. attorneys , " said John McKay , who in December lost his post as the top federal prosecutor in Seattle .
" He said he stands by them , but I do n't think he even knows the reasons . "
Gonzales announced Tuesday that his chief of staff , Kyle Sampson , had resigned over the firings and admitted that " mistakes were made . "
But he said all the prosecutors were political appointees who could be removed " for any reason , " and he stood by the firings .
" My question is , if he fired the guy who fired us , why is he standing by the dismissals ? "
McKay asked .
The Justice Department initially told Congress that most of the eight prosecutors -- political appointees who serve at the pleasure of the president -- were removed for performance - related reasons .
That prompted an outcry from the fired lawyers and allegations of political influence on pending cases .
David Iglesias , the former U.S. attorney in Albuquerque , accused two of New Mexico 's Republican members of Congress of pressuring him to bring indictments of Democrats in an investigation of state contracting before the November midterm elections .
The lawmakers -- Rep. Heather Wilson and Sen. Pete Domenici -- have acknowledged making calls about the investigation , but they denied impropriety .
Iglesias was not on the initial list of U.S. attorneys deemed " weak " by the Justice Department .
He got good marks in a July 2005 evaluation , with department officials calling him " well respected " and saying he showed " good leadership . "
He said Tuesday that Gonzales ' comments were " a step in the right direction , but it does n't get me where I like to be . "
" I would love a full apology .
I would like thanks for a job well done , " he said .
Gonzales told reporters that Sampson had failed to share information about the shakeup , which led Justice Department officials to give " incomplete " explanations of the firings to Congress .
Iglesias said Sampson 's resignation was " the right thing for him to do , " but he questioned how much information about his discussions with the White House he kept from Gonzales .
" It 's the chief of staff 's job to serve as a conduit for information to his boss , " Iglesias said .
The only prosecutor who administration officials acknowledged was dismissed for political reasons was Henry " Bud " Cummins , the U.S. attorney in Little Rock , Arkansas .
Cummins was asked to resign last June to make way for Timothy Griffin , a former lieutenant of White House political adviser Karl Rove who was returning from service as a military lawyer , according to documents released Tuesday .
Cummins had no direct comment on Tuesday 's developments .
But he told CNN that Justice Department claims the firings were based on performance were " pretty ludicrous , " and said his axed colleagues " deserve an apology . "
CNN 's Kevin Bohn and Paul Vercammen contributed to this report .
Mr Grzebski credits his survival to the care of his wife Gertruda
Mr Grzebski's story
Railway worker Jan Grzebski , 65 , fell into a coma after he was hit by a train in 1988 .
" Now I see people on the streets with mobile phones and there are so many goods in the shops it makes my head spin , " he told Polish television .
He credits his survival to his wife , Gertruda , who cared for him .
Doctors gave him only two or three years to live after the accident .
A comatose patient is in a profound state of unconsciousness which renders them unaware of both self and the world around them , and from which they can not be roused .
Although those in a coma do not respond to stimuli in a meaningful way , contrary to popular belief they do not always lie quiet and still - in some cases they can move , open their eyes and even talk .
Fall of communists
" It was Gertruda that saved me , and I 'll never forget it , " Mr Grzebski told news channel TVN24 of his recovery .
Mrs Grzebski is reported to have moved her husband every hour to prevent bed sores .
" I cried a lot , and I prayed a lot , " Mrs Grzebski said on Polsat television .
" Those who came to see us kept asking : ' When is he going to die ? '
But he 's not dead . "
When Mr Grzebski had his accident Poland was still ruled by its last communist leader , Wojciech Jaruzelski .
" When I went into a coma there was only tea and vinegar in the shops , meat was rationed and huge petrol queues were everywhere , " Mr Grzebski said .
The following year 's elections ushered in eastern Europe 's first post - communist government .
Poland joined the Nato alliance in 1999 and the European Union in 2004 .
" What amazes me today is all these people who walk around with their mobile phones and never stop moaning , " said Mr Grzebski .
" I 've got nothing to complain about . "
Talking about trying to fit an agenda into a story , Bill O'Reilly really takes the cake on this one .
He blames Mr. Speaker 's coming back to the States with TB and possibly spreading a disease on the populace because he must be a member of the " SP " club .
In O'Reilly 's world Andrew Speaker 's action boils down to this :
O'Reilly : Traditional values people put others on a par with themselves .
That 's the Judeo - Christian tenet .
Love your neighbor as yourself .
Secular Progressives put themselves above all others .
That philosophy says " Me first , then I 'll worry about you . "
Download Download
Is n't marriage part of the Traditional Values club ?
It 's a fallacy to think that love and sacrifice is restricted to religion , Falafel Man .
All the corrupt Ralph Reed / Ted Haggard 's say otherwise .
I guess all those Iraq war supporters are SP 's too .
They really could n't give a damn about the innocent Iraqi people that have had their lives destroyed by this occupation .
And how did Bush handle the victims of Katrina ?
He later went on to say that he would never endanger the lives of people if he had an infectious disease .
That 's Bill for ya !
Ethnic cleansing : another job Americans wo n’t do
Posted by Lawrence Auster at April 02 , 2007 02:56 PM | Send
hearing of black - Hispanic tensions and clashes for years , but this , reported in the , is the worst I ’ve heard of .
Last year there were 269 gang - related killings in LA .
Gang - related crime increased 15.7 per cent last year , while most other types of crime fell .
Hate crimes against black people have surged .
As the story puts it : With a rapidly growing Hispanic population , LA ’s gang culture is shifting .
It means that being black in the wrong neighbourhood can get you killed .
There is a new view — or should I say an old view ? — percolating in the blogosphere : " There is something special about IQ .
We must conserve IQ at very high cost , and gains in IQ will bring very high social returns . "
In practical terms , " Conservation of IQ " is used to argue for limits on immigration , against various meliorist attempts , and possibly even for eugenics .
I ’ve heard it used to argue for outlawing marijuana , which of course destroys brain cells .
Imagine an evolutionary approach : given the Industrial Revolution and subsequent developments , perhaps IQ has higher social returns than was once the case .
So we must rebuild our intuitions to favor IQ more than otherwise .
When evaluating policy , one question is simply to ask whether it raises or lowers average IQ within a polity or region .
There is also a methodological argument : IQ is ( arguably ) prior to economic notions of rationality .
Perhaps economists should treat rationality as an open variable and dependent on IQ .
I do n’t assign special status to The Conservation of IQ for two reasons .
The first is the Flynn effect , or the fact that measured IQs have been rising steadily over time .
This implies some combination of a ) IQ gains come naturally under conditions of progress , and b ) IQ statistics are to some extent phony and do n’t measure real intelligence .
We can debate the mix , but either deflates fears that IQ is somehow especially scarce or endangered .
These data also suggest that IQ is an artifice to be unpacked rather than a primary category .
Second , defenders of the IQ view tend to read evolutionary biology and intelligence research .
My roots are in cultural history .
Clusters of amazing achievement come and go pretty quickly , usually through some mix of environmental effects and luck .
Look at Venetian painting .
It was much better centuries ago , but I doubt if Venetian IQs have been falling .
Once we see how such enormous differences can be explained by non-IQ factors , I again do n’t obsess over the variable .
I do think economists should study IQ more .
And for sure I value it in friends .
But when analyzing social problems , institutions , social psychology , and economic mechanisms still command most of my analytic attention .
A few of you had asked about IQ , I crammed my thoughts into this one post , so this is # 04 - 07 in a series of 50 .
Do , by the way , save your thoughts on immigration for other posts .
A girl enjoys the sunshine in London 's Trafalgar Square , which has been grassed over for two days to promote the city as one of the greenest capitals in the world .
By Richard Black
Environment correspondent , BBC News website
The US appears to be on a different road from other G8 members
Washington objects to the draft 's targets to keep the global temperature rise below 2C this century and halve greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 .
The draft , prepared by the German G8 presidency , said action was imperative .
With UN talks struggling to extend the current Kyoto targets , the G8 summit is seen as a vital way to regain momentum .
Germany 's Chancellor Angela Merkel has made climate a priority for the organisation , with backing from other leaders including Tony Blair .
But the US 's proposed revisions , obtained by BBC News , mark a fundamentally different stance .
A clause saying " climate change is speeding up and will seriously damage our common natural environment and severely weaken ( the ) global economy ... resolute action is urgently needed in order to reduce global greenhouse gas emissions " is struck out .
They are trying to lay landmines under a post - Kyoto agreement after they leave office
Philip Clapp
So are a statement that " we are deeply concerned about the latest findings confirmed by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) " , and a commitment to send a " clear message " on international efforts to combat global warming at the next round of UN climate talks in December .
US negotiators also want to remove from the draft firm targets for improving energy efficiency in buildings and transport , and a call for the establishment of a global carbon market .
Many observers believe that such a market can only be effective if there are binding caps on emissions .
A spokeswoman for the White House Council on Environmental Quality said the administration did not talk about ongoing private discussions , but commented : " There is consensus that the Earth is warming , and we are working with our G8 partners as well as developing nations to identify the promising new technologies that will help the whole world address the long term challenges of climate change .
" The US continues to lead the global effort on climate change . "
Different directions
The European Union , which includes half of the G8 members , has already adopted commitments to aim for a global temperature rise of less than 2C , and to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 20 % from 1990 levels by 2020 .
Japan has recently endorsed tough action on emissions
President Bush 's administration has long championed voluntary agreements as an alternative to global pacts such as the Kyoto Protocol which seek binding emissions caps .
The US is a key player in the Asia - Pacific Partnership on Clean Development and Climate , a six-nation pact which promises greenhouse gas mitigation without targets .
" I think the real objective ( of the US negotiators ) is not just to keep the lid on and have nothing happen while President Bush is in office , but they are trying to lay landmines under a post - Kyoto agreement after they leave office , " commented Philip Clapp , president of the Washington - based National Environmental Trust , who has seen the US 's proposed amendments .
" It lies in the hands of Prime Minister Blair and Chancellor Merkel , whether it's all sweetness and light or whether they are prepared to stand up and say ' I 'm sorry , but the rest of the world is moving in a different direction from you ' , " he said .
Preparations for the 2005 G8 summit in the Scottish resort of Gleneagles also began with a climate change draft which grew weaker as discussions continued .
Leaders decided then to agree a weak document rather than leave with no agreement at all .
Richard .
Black-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Adidas – a name that stands for competence in all sectors of sport all over the world .
Adidas was founded by Adolf ( Adi ) Dassler , who started producing shoes in the 1920s with the help of his brother Rudolf Dassler who later formed rival shoe company PUMA AG .
Adi Dassler ’s aim was to provide every athlete with the best possible equipment .
For this he followed three guiding principles : design the best shoe for the requirements of the sport , protect the athlete from injury , and make the product durable .
Today , the Adidas brand product range extends from shoes , apparel and accessories for basketball , soccer , fitness and training to adventure , trail and golf .
The company ’s clothing and shoe logo designs typically feature three parallel stripes , and this same motif is incorporated into Adidas ’s current official logo .
For years the only symbol associated with Adidas was the trefoil ( flower ) logo design .
The 3 leaves symbolize the Olympic spirit , linked to the three continental plates as well as the heritage and history of the brand .
The “ Trefoil ” was adopted as the corporate logo design in 1972 .
In 1996 , it was decided that the Trefoil corporate identity would only be used on heritage products .
Examples of products featuring the Trefoil logo design include the Stan Smith , Rod Laver , A - 15 Warm - Up , and Classic T - Shirt .
In January 1996 , the Three - Stripe brand mark became the worldwide Adidas corporate logo .
This logo represents performance and the future of the Adidas branding identity .
It has become synonymous with Adidas and its dedication to producing high - quality athletic products to help athletes perform better free logo download eps
Evolving DSLs
Recently I have heard several people musing about the difficulties of evolving a DSL .
Actually , musing might be being rather polite - rather , I have heard several people arguing vehemently that creating a DSL inevitably leads to doom when the requirements for the DSL change .
This is a very interesting point , because in my opinion the ability for a DSL to evolve is critical .
Paul Hudak got a lot right in a sequence of papers he published on DSLs in the mid-90's .
Specifically he notes that DSLs generally start tackling a small problem , then need to grow bigger as more aspects of the problem are tackled .
[ He also noted - and I think he may have been the first to articulate this so eloquently - that DSLs eventually tend to evolve into a badly designed general purpose language , but that 's beyond the scope of this entry . ]
The way in which this evolution of requirements happens is almost always unpredictable , because it is the act of building and using the DSL that gives users the insight to change their requirements .
In my mind , Hudak is entirely correct ; I believe that the terms DSL and need to evolve go hand in hand .
The question one has to ask oneself is thus fairly simple : are DSLs hard to evolve ?
I think the answer is that , yes , today DSLs are hard to evolve .
Why is this ?
Well , there are two types of DSL in common use .
The first is standalone ( often called external ) DSLs such as Make .
The second is integrated ( often called internal ) DSLs such as those that Hudak talks about , or those that are frequently talked about in conjunction with Ruby .
These two types of DSLs are fundamentally different .
Standalone DSLs are flexible , but an awful lot of work to create , because in a sense they 're a complete implementation of a mini-programming language .
Integrated DSLs are n't very much work to create , but they tend to have an unhealthy coupling to their host language , which means they have many limitations imposed upon them both in terms of what they can express and how they can express it .
The difference between most standalone and integrated DSLs is so severe that I sometimes wonder if the umbrella term DSL is entirely helpful , but that 's an argument for another time .
The irony is that standalone and integrated DSLs share one thing in common : their implementations are typically hard to change .
The reasons for this are rather different .
Standalone DSLs have fairly large implementations , and are subject to all the problems that any non-trivial implementation suffers from e.g. the interaction between components is often complex and brittle .
Integrated DSLs on the other hand are often small but rather hackish in nature ; they frequently rely on stretching often somewhat obscure language features to near breaking point .
At some point , either the language feature can be stretched no further or , worse , the whole hackish facade comes crumbling down .
Please do n't get me wrong : I enjoy a cunning hack as much as the next man , but cunning hacks are not what I want to base a whole approach on .
In my opinion , while DSLs are implemented in one of these two ways , they will always be hard to evolve .
Therefore I agree with those who point out that , at the moment , implementing a DSL is an almost guaranteed way of giving oneself huge problems when evolution rears its inconvenient head .
My argument is that the approaches I 've outlined above are fundamentally flawed .
What one wants is a way of implementing DSLs with relatively little code but which do n't rely on abusing language features .
Since small , well written programs are generally considered fairly evolvable , this should give one a reasonable chance of having DSLs that are evolvable .
This has been one of my goals in the recent new version of Converge ; it 's far too early to tell if that 's been achieved yet , but I 'm fairly convinced already that this approach is , at the very least , no worse than the traditional approaches .
Follow me on Twitter
British doctors will take the historic step of admitting for the first time that many health treatments will be rationed in the future because the NHS cannot cope with spiralling demand from patients .
In a major report that will embarrass the government , the British Medical Association will say fertility treatment , plastic surgery and operations for varicose veins and minor childhood ailments , such as glue ear , are among a long list of procedures in jeopardy .
James Johnson , the BMA chairman , will warn that patients face a bleak future because they will increasingly be denied treatments .
He will urge the NHS to be much more explicit about what it can realistically afford to do and ask political leaders to engage in an open , honest debate about rationing .
The BMA proposes the drawing up of a new patients ' charter specifying those health services to which every citizen across England should be entitled , regardless of the local health authority 's financial situation .
They also want to see a second list of all the treatments which the sick will get only if their primary care trust has the money , and if doctors decide they are clinically worthwhile .
Senior BMA sources say their report recognises the reality that despite record investment in the NHS , ' postcode lotteries ' are rife .
Primary care trusts , the local NHS organisations that commission and pay for care from hospitals on behalf of patients , are increasingly rejecting requests to pay for procedures or drugs because they are not perceived to be the best use of funds .
Some PCTs have been bitterly criticised for refusing to pay for expensive new cancer drugs ; treatment to prevent older people going blind through age - related eye degeneration and operations to help obese patients lose weight through stomach - stapling .
Each trust already has a committee of medical experts that takes decisions on whether to fund medication for complaints which are not covered in their basic contract with the Department of Health .
These include treatments such as growth hormone for adults , neuro - stimulation for migraines , breast reduction and enlargement , treatments for incontinence and even some care for multiple sclerosis .
Johnson will use the launch on Tuesday of a BMA discussion paper on the future of the NHS in England to spell out his belief that Britain 's ageing population will put ever greater pressures on local NHS organisations to decide how best to use their resources , and that the public 's reluctance to put significant extra funding into the NHS means rationing will become increasingly common .
Dr Michael Wilks , one of the BMA 's senior office holders , revealed the organisation 's radical thinking in a recent letter to its 139,000 members updating them on the progress of the BMA working group , headed by Johnson , which has drawn up the document .
He told them the group had concluded that ' while the service should remain universal , the challenges raise questions about how comprehensive the service can continue to be .
This will depend on whether politicians and the taxpayer are prepared to contemplate either increasing expenditure or explicit rationing .
' Rationing of health care in one form or another has always existed but has not been discussed .
While agreeing that an open and honest debate on rationing is needed , the nature of that debate needs to be clarified .
It might , for instance , address whether current inequities in care caused by pressures to balance the financial books are preferable to one alternative , which is to set a limit on the availability of some procedures . '
Health Minister Andy Burnham last night welcomed the report as a useful contribution to the debate about the NHS 's future .
He defended the NHS as ' the right model for Britain 's future ' .
' [ It is ] a system which makes the most modern treatments and medicines available and that is envied by other governments around the world as a fair and cost - effective way of providing high - quality health care to a whole population based on need alone .
' I would resist any call to make the NHS a slimmed - down , emergency service , because that 's what it would become if we started saying " you can have this " and " you ca n't have that " .
It should continue to be comprehensive and universal .'
( Warning :
This article is a bit more technical than most of my stuff .
It assumes prior knowledge of monads and monad transformers . )
Martin Erwig and Steve Kollmansberger wrote PFP , a really sweet Haskell library for computing with probabilities .
To borrow their example :
die :: Dist
Int die = uniform [ 1 .. 6 ]
If we roll a die , we get the expected distribution of results :
> die 1 16.7 % 2 16.7 % 3 16.7 % 4 16.7 % 5 16.7 % 6 16.7 %
If you have n't seen PFP before , I strongly encourage you to check it out .
You can use it to solve all sorts of probability puzzles .
Anyway , I discovered an interesting way to implement PFP using monad transformers .
Here 's what it looks like :
type Dist = PerhapsT ( [ ] ) uniform = weighted .
map ( \ x -> ( x , 1 ) )
In other words , Dist can be written by adding some semantics to the standard list monad .
Perhaps : A less specific version of Maybe
First , let 's define a simple probability type :
newtype Prob = P Float deriving ( Eq , Ord , Num ) instance Show Prob where show ( P p ) = show intPart ++ " . " ++ show fracPart ++ " % " where digits = round ( 1000 * p ) intPart = digits ` div ` 10 fracPart = digits ` mod ` 10
Thanks to the deriving ( Num ) declaration , we can treat Prob like any other numeric type .
We can now define Perhaps , which represents a value with an associated probability :
data Perhaps a = Perhaps a Prob deriving ( Show )
Now , this is just a generalization of Haskell 's built - in Maybe type , which treats a value as either present ( probability 1 ) or absent ( probability 0 ) .
All we 've added is a range of possibilities in between : Perhaps x 0.5 represents a 50 % chance of having a value .
Note that there 's one small trick here :
When the probability of a value is 0 , we may not actually know it !
But because Haskell is a lazy language , we can write :
Perhaps undefined 0
We 'll need a convenient way to test for this case , to make sure we do n't try to use any undefined values :
neverHappens ( Perhaps _ 0 ) = True neverHappens _ = False
So Perhaps is just like Maybe .
As it turns out , they 're both monads , and they both have an associated monad transformer .
First , a monad
Like Haskell 's standard Maybe type , Perhaps is a monad .
instance Functor Perhaps where fmap f ( Perhaps x p ) = Perhaps ( f x ) p instance Monad Perhaps where return x = Perhaps x 1 ph >>= f | neverHappens ph = never | otherwise = Perhaps x ( p1 * p2 ) where ( Perhaps ( Perhaps x p1 ) p2 ) = fmap f ph
We can also define a slightly extended interface :
class Monad m => MonadPerhaps m where perhaps :: a -> Prob -> m a never :: m a instance MonadPerhaps Perhaps where never = Perhaps undefined 0 perhaps = Perhaps
Next , a monad transformer
What if we 're already using a monad , and we want to layer Perhaps - style semantics over the top ?
Well , we can always use a monad transformer .
The following code is presented without further comment :
newtype PerhapsT m a = PerhapsT { runPerhapsT :: m ( Perhaps a ) } instance MonadTrans PerhapsT where lift x = PerhapsT ( liftM return x ) instance Monad m =>
Functor ( PerhapsT m ) where fmap = liftM instance Monad m =>
Monad ( PerhapsT m ) where return = lift .
return m >>= f = PerhapsT bound where bound = do ph <- runPerhapsT m case ph of ( Perhaps x1 p1 ) | p1 == 0 -> return never | otherwise -> do ( Perhaps x2 p2 ) <- runPerhapsT ( f x1 ) return ( Perhaps x2 ( p1 * p2 ) )
Update : I removed the instance MonadPerhaps ( PerhapsT m ) , because not all derived monads ( including the one described here ) will actually want to provide access to never and perhaps .
Recreating PFP
From here , everything is simple .
We can implement PFP by applying our monad transformer to the standard list monad :
type Dist = PerhapsT ( [ ] ) uniform = weighted .
map ( \ x -> ( x , 1 ) ) weighted :: [ ( a , Float ) ] ->
Dist a weighted [ ] = error " Empty probability distributuion " weighted xws = PerhapsT ( map weight xws ) where weight ( x , w ) = Perhaps x ( P ( w / sum ) ) sum = foldl ' ( \ w1 ( _ , w2 ) -> w1 + w2 ) 0 xws
What does this refactoring buy us ?
Well , it turns out that we can reuse PerhapsT elsewhere ...
Part 2 : Random sampling
Okay , it 's time to take democracy in our hands ...
Alternet :
Bree Walker told me , on the air , that Conyers said that all he needs is three more Congress Members backing impeachment , and he 'll move on it , even without Pelosi .
I asked whether that meant specifically moving from 14 cosponsors of H Res 333 to 17 , or adding 3 to the larger number of Congress Members who have spoken favorably of impeachment but not all signed onto bills .
Bree said she did n't know and that Conyers had declined to take any questions .
Either way , this target of three more members seems perfectly doable .
It 's safe to assume , I think , that we 're talking about impeaching Cheney first .
But , even if Conyers is talking about Bush , the target is perfectly achievable .
Democrats.com is pushing for you to get your representatives working for you ... from their email :
We 've reached the impeachment moment for Vice President Dick Cheney .
We 've pushed the cosponsor list for H. Res. 333 up to 14 .
Chairman John Conyers says that if we get 3 more he 'll begin the impeachment proceedings .
And many Congress Members must be recognizing that there is no other path available .
Cheney and Bush have repeatedly refused to comply with subpoenas , ordered former staffers not to comply , and announced that the Justice Department will not enforce contempt citations from Congress .
When a special prosecutor attempted to hold this administration accountable , Cheney 's chief of staff obstructed justice , and Cheney persuaded Bush to commute his sentence .
There is no course left for Congress but Impeachment . [..]
( T ) ake two minutes on Monday and do two things : phone Chairman Conyers at 202-225-5126 and ask him to start the impeachment of Dick Cheney ; and phone your own Congress Member at 202-224-3121 and ask them to immediately call Conyers ' office to express their support for impeachment .
Your Congress Member might be one of the three needed , not just to keep impeachment activists out of jail but to keep this nation from devolving into dictatorship .
Also email your Representatives and demand that they get on board .
Make the roar from the voters deafening .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - World Bank officials at the forefront of the bank ’s anti-corruption fight on Thursday voiced deep concern over the impact to their work from the crisis surrounding bank chief Paul Wolfowitz .
World Bank President Paul Wolfowitz ( 2nd L ) sits in the crowd as U.S. President George W. Bush ( not pictured ) makes a statement marking Malaria awareness day , in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington , April 25 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Jason Reed
In a letter to Wolfowitz and the bank ’s executive board , the officials said they could no longer credibly implement the bank ’s anti-corruption strategy , which the former U.S. deputy defense secretary zealously campaigned for since he joined the bank in 2005 .
The letter was signed by 32 officials , but an official who helped draft it told Reuters it was supported by more than 50 .
It was the clearest sign yet that the controversy sparked by Wolfowitz ’s approval of a promotion and pay increase for his girlfriend was affecting the bank ’s operations around the globe .
“ As is known , there are reports from the field offices of concrete cases where the bank ’s policy dialogue and operational work on governance and anti-corruption are being undermined , ” the group wrote in the letter , obtained by Reuters .
“ The credibility of our front line staff is eroding in the face of legitimate questions from our clients about the bank ’s ability to ‘ practice what it preaches ’ on governance . ”
The letter follows calls by the bank ’s staff association for Wolfowitz to step down over his handling of the promotion for his girlfriend Shaha Riza , before she was posted by the bank to the State Department because of their relationship .
Some World Bank member countries , including Germany , the Netherlands , France , Norway and Switzerland , have questioned whether Wolfowitz has the ability to still lead the bank .
CRITICAL TEST
In their letter , the group said the crisis was a critical test of the bank ’s own commitment to good governance .
It called for “ clear and decisive actions ” to resolve the issue in a way that “ demonstrates to all our stakeholders the bank ’s commitment to the highest standards of integrity in leadership and accountability . ”
The group said it was important for the legitimacy and trust in the institution that the crisis was resolved in a way that would allow the bank be effective in its work in poor countries .
In e-mails to Reuters , bank staff from around the globe have reported that government officials in East Africa , Asia and the Balkans , had questioned whether the institution had the authority to tell them what to do , especially on governance and anti-corruption measures .
The bank ’s board has appointed a committee to look into ethical and conflict of interest issues around the promotion of Riza and has said it will move quickly toward a decision .
Wolfowitz ’s lawyer , Robert Bennett , who had represented former U.S. President Bill Clinton , said this week the committee had denied him a chance to present his client ’s case .
On Tuesday , the committee invited Wolfowitz to appear before it , to which Wolfowitz replied the following day in a note : “ I am deeply troubled and feel that I am being treated shabbily and unfairly without regard to appropriate process . ”
In the note to the committee ’s chairman , Herman Wijffels , who represents the Netherlands and a clutch of other countries on the board , Wolfowitz asked for more time to prepare “ not only in the interests of fairness to me but in the interests of good governance of the institution . ”
“ It is important not only for me but for the institution , that this matter not be resolved by a rush to judgment .
That would only compound the damage to all concerned , ” he wrote .
The princess describes angels as a resource in people 's lives
The 35 - year - old daughter of King Harald and Queen Sonja made the announcement on a website promoting her plans for a new alternative therapy centre .
She says she realised as a child that she could read people 's inner feelings , while her experiences with horses had helped her make contact with angels .
Princess Martha Louise is fourth in line to the Norwegian throne .
The royal palace says it has no official link to the princess ' planned alternative therapy centre , the AFP news agency reports .
The princess , who trained as a physical therapist , says on the website for her Astarte Education centre that she has " always been interested in alternative forms of treatment " .
Students at her centre , she says , will learn how to " create miracles " in their lives and harness the powers of their angels , which she describes as " forces that surround us and who are a resource and help in all aspects of our lives " .
" It was while I was taking care of the horses that I got in contact with the angels , " she says .
" I have lately understood the value of this important gift and I wish to share it with other people , maybe with you . "
A three - year programme at her centre costs 24,000 Norwegian crowns ( $ 4,150 ; 3,000 euros ; £ 2,000 ) per year .
*******************************************************
*******************************************************
&amp ;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp ;amp ; amp ; amp;lt ;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp
Since the beginning of time , water has been an omnipresent symbol in all cultures around the world .
Fountain of life and youth , water with its miraculous powers changes shapes and colors , transforms itself .
Due to its symbolism and capacity to flow , water becomes a model out of which all kind of things can be born .
Even water sculptures …
.
.
Martin Waugh , an amazing artist with a degree in physics , tries to captures the most beautiful shapes water can create when in motion .
He combines art and science to photograph its movement by constantly changing the size and color , viscosity and surface tension , speed and position of the water drops .
.
.
.
.
“ Fluids in motion fascinate my senses .
I feel their smooth and effortless curves : structures reflecting a perfect balance of dynamic forces .
They tickle some faint physical memory , like a scent evoking a forgotten mix of feelings . ”
Martin Waugh
.
.
.
.
For prints or images licensing you can contact Martin Waugh here .
Photo courtesy : Martin Waugh / Liquid Sculpture
*******************************************************
Other Posts
*******************************************************
Pillars of Dudeism , these Dudeist prophets and peacemakers have existed throughout history .
Proud we are of all of them .
_____________
Lao Tzu
Creator of Taoism
When things got screwed up in Ancient China Lao Tzu did n’t go all Mr. Miyagi and try to fix it .
He got on his buffalo and took off for more copacetic pastures .
But not before scribbling down a few what - have - yous that helped define Eastern philosophy ever since .
Creator of TaoismWhen things got screwed up in Ancient China Lao Tzu did n’t go all Mr. Miyagi and try to fix it .
He got on his buffalo and took off for more copacetic pastures .
But not before scribbling down a few what - have - yous that helped define Eastern philosophy ever since .
Heraclitus
Greek Philosopher
The man who wrote “ you can never step into the same river twice ” propagated the idea that everything was in flux , or “ burning . ”
Consequently one should make the most of it and spark one up whenever possible .
And step into the river from time to time , preferably with a cocktail and an inner tube .
Greek Philosopher
The man who wrote “ you can never step into the same river twice ” propagated the idea that everything was in flux , or “ burning . ”
Consequently one should make the most of it and spark one up whenever possible .
And step into the river from time to time , preferably with a cocktail and an inner tube .
Snoopy
Charlie Brown ’s Dog
Always living up to the dictum , “ It ’s a dog ’s life , ” he also famously said “ My life has no purpose , no direction , no aim , no meaning , and yet I ’m happy .
I ca n’t figure it out .
What am I doing right ? ” Charlie Brown ’s DogAlways living up to the dictum , “ It ’s a dog ’s life , ” he also famously said “ My life has no purpose , no direction , no aim , no meaning , and yet I ’m happy .
I ca n’t figure it out .
What am I doing right ? ”
Jeffrey Lebowski
The Dude
The uber - dude .
Helped to bring Dudeism to the forefront of modern consciousness .
If not for him , we ’d still be stuck in the dude dark - ages .
He ’s Dude Vinci , Isaac Dudeton , and Charles Dudewin all rolled into one .
Or just , His Dudeness , if you ’re into that whole brevity thing .
The DudeThe uber - dude .
Helped to bring Dudeism to the forefront of modern consciousness .
If not for him , we ’d still be stuck in the dude dark - ages .
He ’s Dude Vinci , Isaac Dudeton , and Charles Dudewin all rolled into one .
Or just , His Dudeness , if you ’re into that whole brevity thing .
Quincy Jones
Urban Dude / Producer / Musician / Songwriter
Quincy Jones ’ nickname was “ The Dude , ” and though his 70s urban cult of Dudeism is slightly different than present - day orthodox Dudeism , it still exalts the groovy over the square , the heartfelt over the phony , and the afro over the buzz - cut .
At least it did until he started going bald .
Urban Dude / Producer / Musician / SongwriterQuincy Jones ’ nickname was “ The Dude , ” and though his 70s urban cult of Dudeism is slightly different than present - day orthodox Dudeism , it still exalts the groovy over the square , the heartfelt over the phony , and the afro over the buzz - cut .
At least it did until he started going bald .
Jennifer Lawrence
Angelic , yet down - to - earth - actor
Despite her endearing good looks and the undying affection of everyone on Earth , Lawrence has n’t let stardom warp her .
Deeply down to earth and often refreshingly casual , she ’s also an outspoken Big Lebowski fangirl .
She even played Maude in a high profile public reading of the screenplay .
Angelic , yet down - to - earth - actorDespite her endearing good looks and the undying affection of everyone on Earth , Lawrence has n’t let stardom warp her .
Deeply down to earth and often refreshingly casual , she ’s also an outspoken Big Lebowski fangirl .
She even played Maude in a high profile public reading of the screenplay .
The Buddha
Nepalese Sage
In keeping with the idea that the ideal Dude abandons the trappings of society and goes it his own way , there is no better candidate for Dudeism than the Buddha .
Born a rich prince , he bailed on his birthright and taught that you should go with the flow .
Chicks also dug him like crazy but none ever tied him down , cause Nirvana was what he was all about , man .
Righteous .
Nepalese SageIn keeping with the idea that the ideal Dude abandons the trappings of society and goes it his own way , there is no better candidate for Dudeism than the Buddha .
Born a rich prince , he bailed on his birthright and taught that you should go with the flow .
Chicks also dug him like crazy but none ever tied him down , cause Nirvana was what he was all about , man .
Righteous .
Jesus Christ
Bearded prophet of the meek and early archetype of the 1960s hippie .
Jesus was born Jewish , but then converted to Dudeism after he realized that the Romans and the Pharisees were fucking fascists .
Today lots of people think he ’s the son of the guy who created the universe and that our life is in his hands .
But probably he was just a dude who thought people should mellow out and stop getting so worked up about stuff .
Sadly , few of his followers seem to actually realize that .
Remember :
There ’s not a literal connection .
Bearded prophet of the meek and early archetype of the 1960s hippie .
Jesus was born Jewish , but then converted to Dudeism after he realized that the Romans and the Pharisees were fucking fascists .
Today lots of people think he ’s the son of the guy who created the universe and that our life is in his hands .
But probably he was just a dude who thought people should mellow out and stop getting so worked up about stuff .
Sadly , few of his followers seem to actually realize that .
Remember :
There ’s not a literal connection .
David Grayson
Alter -ego of Pulitzer - prize winning author Ray Stannard Baker
David Grayson was n’t a real person , but no one knew that for a long time .
Intellectual writer Ray Stannard Baker longed for a life out in the pastures and so wrote a series of seemingly - autobiographical books under this nom - de-dude .
The series speaks of the comfort of a simple life without too much work , surrounded by nature and good friends .
Baker was forced to admit the truth after the character grew in such popularity that others were claiming to be him .
The dude will out .
To thine own self be dude .
Alter -ego of Pulitzer - prize winning author Ray Stannard BakerDavid Grayson was n’t a real person , but no one knew that for a long time .
Intellectual writer Ray Stannard Baker longed for a life out in the pastures and so wrote a series of seemingly - autobiographical books under this nom - de-dude .
The series speaks of the comfort of a simple life without too much work , surrounded by nature and good friends .
Baker was forced to admit the truth after the character grew in such popularity that others were claiming to be him .
The dude will out .
To thine own self be dude .
Jerry Garcia
Guitar canoodler extraordinaire
Roll away , the dude .
Got a little carried away with the drugs , but it was n’t because of psychic torment or weakness of character .
He just liked them and maybe they made him play better .
He was universally reknowned as an all - around nice guy with a live and let live attitude and appropriately - dudeish facial hair .
Guitar canoodler extraordinaireRoll away , the dude .
Got a little carried away with the drugs , but it was n’t because of psychic torment or weakness of character .
He just liked them and maybe they made him play better .
He was universally reknowned as an all - around nice guy with a live and let live attitude and appropriately - dudeish facial hair .
Joni Mitchell
Angel - voiced troubador of the unpaved
While most of the sixties rock revolution was fomented by guys , the ladies seemed to end up as notches in their frayed leather belts of free love , or dead from intemperance like Mama Cass and Janis Joplin .
Not so for the quintessentially cool dudeist saint Mitchell who sang smartly about individualism while smoking and cursing like a sailor and living life on her own terms .
She paints pretty good too .
Angel - voiced troubador of the unpavedWhile most of the sixties rock revolution was fomented by guys , the ladies seemed to end up as notches in their frayed leather belts of free love , or dead from intemperance like Mama Cass and Janis Joplin .
Not so for the quintessentially cool dudeist saint Mitchell who sang smartly about individualism while smoking and cursing like a sailor and living life on her own terms .
She paints pretty good too .
Mohandas “ Mahatma ” Gandhi
Peace - loving subcontinental pacifist
Calmer than you are .
Calmer than anyone ever anywhere .
Gandhi was never , ever un -dude .
He practically invented modern pacifism , not to mention shabby chic – he showed up to stuffy English parliament in nothing more than a ratty sheet .
He also invented the sit -in , the hunger strike and the cool 1960s specs .
He was the man in the white pajamas .
Peace - loving subcontinental pacifistCalmer than you are .
Calmer than anyone ever anywhere .
Gandhi was never , ever un -dude .
He practically invented modern pacifism , not to mention shabby chic – he showed up to stuffy English parliament in nothing more than a ratty sheet .
He also invented the sit -in , the hunger strike and the cool 1960s specs .
He was the man in the white pajamas .
Walt Whitman
Turned the hobo zero into a boho hero
Never had anything approaching a permanent job .
Wandered all over the place .
Became a famous poet unexpectedly and accidentally , while poseur contemporaries like Emerson and Thoreau struggled to make sure everyone thought they were hip and bohemian .
Was a literate friend to the common man , never really acknowledged his fame , and even though he was probably gay , adamantly refused to iron his clothes .
Julia Child
Brought fine cuisine to the common man
If not for Madame Julia , most Americans afflicted with a bad case of the munchies would only have overboiled 1950s cooking to turn to .
But this huge , burly woman proved that you can be working - class and sloppy - looking and still eat good grub .
She took the snobbery out of eating well – on one episode of her TV show she accidentally dropped food on the floor and then unceremoniously threw it back in the pan .
Right on , Grey Poupon .
Brought fine cuisine to the common manIf not for Madame Julia , most Americans afflicted with a bad case of the munchies would only have overboiled 1950s cooking to turn to .
But this huge , burly woman proved that you can be working - class and sloppy - looking and still eat good grub .
She took the snobbery out of eating well – on one episode of her TV show she accidentally dropped food on the floor and then unceremoniously threw it back in the pan .
Right on , Grey Poupon .
Jeff Spicoli
Quintessential Surfer Dude
Surfers are responsible for the resurgence of the term “ dude ” in the 1970s so it would be downright unholy to omit their pop culture patron saint , Jeff Spicoli , Sean Penn ’s character in the 1980s movie “ Fast Times at Ridgemont High . ”
Spicoli summed up the dude ethos in this perfectly pithy riposte to another character ’s suggestion that he get a job : “ What for ?
All I need are some tasty waves , a cool buzz , and I ’m fine . ”
He also had the brilliant idea of ordering delivery pizza during history class .
Though he almost failed history , he totally aced Dudeist Ethics 101 .
Radical !
Quintessential Surfer DudeSurfers are responsible for the resurgence of the term “ dude ” in the 1970s so it would be downright unholy to omit their pop culture patron saint , Jeff Spicoli , Sean Penn ’s character in the 1980s movie “ Fast Times at Ridgemont High . ”
Spicoli summed up the dude ethos in this perfectly pithy riposte to another character ’s suggestion that he get a job : “ What for ?
All I need are some tasty waves , a cool buzz , and I ’m fine . ”
He also had the brilliant idea of ordering delivery pizza during history class .
Though he almost failed history , he totally aced Dudeist Ethics 101 .
Radical !
Kurt Vonnegut
Modern day Dudeist philosopher
“ I tell you , we are here on Earth to fart around , and do n’t let anybody tell you different . ”
So wroteth one of the greatest writers of Dudeist novels ever .
While few of his books really even had plots , they were so packed with witty , quotable sayings and iconoclastic , easygoing ideas to live by that it hardly mattered .
In fact , the very idea that plots were a part of life was anathema to him .
Consistently imploring the world to shrug rather than assert , his essential philosophy was that life on earth is totally and utterly nonsensical so just try to have as good a time as possible without blowing anything up .
So it goes .
Modern day Dudeist philosopher “ I tell you , we are here on Earth to fart around , and do n’t let anybody tell you different . ”
So wroteth one of the greatest writers of Dudeist novels ever .
While few of his books really even had plots , they were so packed with witty , quotable sayings and iconoclastic , easygoing ideas to live by that it hardly mattered .
In fact , the very idea that plots were a part of life was anathema to him .
Consistently imploring the world to shrug rather than assert , his essential philosophy was that life on earth is totally and utterly nonsensical so just try to have as good a time as possible without blowing anything up .
So it goes .
Turned the hobo zero into a boho heroNever had anything approaching a permanent job .
Wandered all over the place .
Became a famous poet unexpectedly and accidentally , while poseur contemporaries like Emerson and Thoreau struggled to make sure everyone thought they were hip and bohemian .
Was a literate friend to the common man , never really acknowledged his fame , and even though he was probably gay , adamantly refused to iron his clothes .
Have any suggestions for additional dudes ?
Please suggest them to us .
Check out more Great Dudes in History at Abide University and The Dudespaper
Last updated at 08:06 23 May 2007
It 's long been the butt of cruel motoring jokes - but an ingenious new advert for the Skoda Fabia seems set to give the marque a new lease of life .
The 60 - second commercial - which is reported to have cost up to £ 500,000 to make - shows a team of bakers , model makers and home economists as they set about creating an edible version of the car .
Here , Eimar O'Hagan looks at the car 's creation , from oven to open road .
Scroll down to see how the Skoda cake was made ...
1 . The first egg is cracked .
Only another 179 to go .
Plus 100kg of flour and 100kg of caster sugar
2 . A huge vat of chocolate sauce , 30kg of almonds and 65 kg of dried fruit make the ' crispy cake ' mix for the car 's bodywork
3 . Now it 's the turn of two bakers to make 448 Madeira ' brick cakes ' to form the foundation of the car 's chassis
4 . With the precision of a Formula One team , the Skoda crew sculpt every crumbly cog and sticky spark plug of the engine
5 . Cake bricks are layered with buttercream icing - a slightly bigger job than your average Victoria sponge
6 . Next , the body work takes shape as the crispy cake panels are carefully assembled
7 . If you want your engine running smoothly , the perfect lubricant in this case is a 300g tin of golden syrup .
Guaranteed to make it purr
8. Liquorice lovers take note : Yards of the black stuff was used to create the fanbelt , windscreen wipers and aerial
9 . With the precision of a Formula One team , the Skoda crew sculpt every crumbly cog and sticky spark plug of the engine
10 . Easy does it .
This is delicate work .
The paintwork is fondant icing , coloured with 180kg of orange sugar paste , moulded around the crispy cake panels
11 . The panel beaters get to work .
Visibility may be poor , but who cares when your windows are made from fondant icing and 90kg of brown sugar paste
12 . 12.5 kg of jam is piped onto Battenburg cakes , stuck together to form the interior decor .
You 'll never go hungry on long journeys Liquorice lovers take note :
Yards of the black stuff was used to create the fanbelt , windscreen wipers and aerial
13 . The radiators ( 60 chocolate blocks ) , headlights ( boiled sweets ) and fog lights ( meringue ) are put in place
14 .
These tyres are good enough to eat .
Though since they 're made from chocolate icing , they 'd make you look like Michelin Man
15 .
The last thing you want to do is go all wobbly when you 're inserting those jelly lights
16 . With a final flourish , the Skoda logo is added .
It 's the icing on the cake !
Watch the Skoda advert here
The talks between Yushchenko and Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych on their increasingly bitter power struggle were to follow three hours of negotiations late Friday that ended with no sign of progress .
However , the negotiations Saturday had still not begun two hours after the scheduled start time , a spokeswoman for the presidency told reporters .
Tensions rose when the interior ministry , which is generally loyal to Yanukovych , said that interior ministry troops commanded by a Yushchenko ally were headed toward the capital .
Troops stop before reaching capital
Troops loyal to the president stopped outside Kiev
The deputy head of the ministry , Mykhaylo Kornyvenko , told journalists that 82 vehicles carrying 2,050 soldiers were headed toward Kiev , but that " practically all of them have been stopped in different places . "
Ukrainian television showed footage of blue interior ministry buses driving in a long column , the day after Yuschenko issued a decree assuming control of the ministry 's forces .
According to the interior ministry , the troops were deployed by the commander of the ministry 's military branch , Olexander Kikhtenko , who backs Yushchenko and no longer recognizes the authority of pro-Yanukovych Interior Minister Vassyl Tsushko .
The commander " acts according to his own logic and his own view , " Tsushko was quoted as saying by Interfax news agency .
Tsushko appealed for calm , asking " politicians to be more restrained . "
" It 's necessary to calm down .
There wo n't be any use of force .
We wo n't storm anything , " he said .
Russia , the European Union and the United States have expressed concern over the situation in Ukraine , which is sandwiched between Russia and several EU states including Poland .
Growing feud adding to escalation
Which Viktor will be victorious ?
Fears of violence are growing as the feud between Yushchenko and Yanukovych drags on , with both sides competing for loyalty of the security forces .
Tens of thousands of troops serve in the interior ministry 's military branch .
The ministry also comprises police and paramilitary units and in general has sided with Yanukovych .
Yushchenko's decree assuming control over the ministry 's armed forces prompted parliament speaker Oleksandr Moroz , a Yanukovych ally , to accuse the president of a " coup attempt . "
A senior security advisor to Yushchenko warned Saturday that Yanukovych 's camp could mount " provocations " aimed at " destabilizing the situation in the capital . "
On Thursday an elite paramilitary unit from the interior ministry intervened to protect the country 's pro-Yanukovych prosecutor general after Yushchenko ordered his dismissal .
The elite forces arrived at the Kiev offices where the prosecutor general was holed up and forced out the president 's security personnel .
Crisis reopen divisions and old wounds
Loyalties have once again split the people of Ukraine
Control over interior ministry forces was also crucial in the Orange Revolution of 2004 , when mass street protests helped bring Western - leaning Yushchenko to the presidency , overturning a flawed vote initially granted to Yanukovych .
The latest surge in the long - running political crisis began last month when Yushchenko dissolved parliament , where Yanukovych 's pro-Russian allies hold a majority .
Yanukovych 's supporters refused to go , sparking a constitutional crisis .
by emptywheel
Well , that was quick work .
Yesterday I suggested that the Gang of Eight who purportedly attended the March 10 , 2004 meeting at which Alberto Gonzales claims to have developed consensus that they should ignore James Comey 's concerns and continue to tap American citizens anyway might have some enlightenment to offer about what went on at the meeting .
So far , Nancy Pelosi , Jay Rockefeller , and Tom Daschle argue that Gonzales is full of shit .
Jane Harman , however , engages in a little shiny - objecting .
Representative Jane Harman of California , who in 2004 was the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee , insisted that there was only one N.S.A. program , making Mr. Gonzales ’s assertions inaccurate .
“ The program had different parts , but there was only one program , ” Ms. Harman said , adding that Mr. Gonzales was “ selectively declassifying information to defend his own conduct , ” which she called improper .
Before I go on , let 's lay out the math .
Speaker Pelosi reveals that a majority did agree the country should ignore little issues like legality and continue the program .
Speaker Nancy Pelosi of California , who attended the 2004 White House meeting as House Democratic minority leader , said through a spokesman that she did not dispute that the majority of those present supported continuing the intelligence activity .
But Ms. Pelosi said she dissented and supported Mr. Comey ’s objections at the meeting , said the spokesman , Brendan Daly .
If I 'm not mistaken , a majority of eight is , um , five .
Which means at least one Democrat voted against the law and in favor of illegal wiretapping .
Given the clear messages of the other three Democrats among the Gang , that leaves Jane Harman as the fifth vote for illegal wiretapping .
Look , I 'm well aware that Gonzales is playing semantic games by claiming there is one program that is actually two or more programs ( and semantic games about the meaning of " consensus " ) .
But if that 's the way Harman wants to get out of responsibility for her vote , I 'm not having it .
Gonzales is lying and was violating the law - - but Harman 's dissembling responses do n't make her apparent position correct , either .
If she did , in fact , cast that fifth vote for illegal wiretapping , then that vote put the lipstick of " consensus " on the pig of illegality .
Mike Shaver , a founding member of the Mozilla team , has strong feelings about how the web became popular :
If you choose a platform that needs tools , if you give up the viral soft collaboration of View Source and copy - and - paste mashups and being able to jam jQuery in the hole that used to have Prototype in it , you lose what gave the web its distributed evolution and incrementalism .
You lose what made the web great , and what made the web win .
The radically open source , viral nature of the View Source menu is certainly a key part of the web 's success .
But that 's only part of the story .
The increasing maturity of the JavaScript implementation in modern browsers is the foundation of the web 's present and future :
One ingredient of [ Web 2.0 ] is certainly Ajax , which I can still only just bear to use without scare quotes .
Basically , what " Ajax " means is " Javascript now works . "
And that in turn means that web - based applications can now be made to work much more like desktop ones .
Like many programmers , I initially wrote off JavaScript as a toy language .
Even Douglas " my middle name is JavaScript " Crockford was guilty of this misconception :
When JavaScript was first introduced , I dismissed it as being not worth my attention .
Much later , I took another look at it and discovered that hidden in the browser was an excellent programming language .
My initial attitudes were based on the initial positioning of JavaScript by Sun and Netscape .
They made many misstatements about JavaScript in order to avoid positioning JavaScript as a competitor to Java .
Those misstatements continue to echo in the scores of badly written JavaScript books aimed at the dummies and amateurs market .
Regardless of your original feelings towards the language , JavaScript has come a long way since the bad old days of 1995 .
We 've got CPU power to burn on the client ; so much power , in fact , that even an interpreted , dynamic language like JavaScript can be a credible client - side development environment .
The language has been standardized as ECMA - 262 , edition 3 since 1999 , so there 's now a reasonable expectation of compatibility across browsers .
More and more websites leverage JavaScript to stretch the boundaries of what the browser can do .
The idea of browsing today's web with JavaScript disabled is almost quaint .
With the success of so many startups based on nothing but JavaScript , HTML , and the server - side language of their choice , you 'd think JavaScript would enjoy some hard - won respect by now .
But I still see a lot of angst and ennui towards JavaScript from developers , even today .
Scott Koon had a clever way of putting it :
[ JavaScript won ] by default .
People wanted to build better web applications .
Programming against Flash movies sucked .
Javascript was already in all the browsers .
If you 're the last man left on earth , it does n't matter how ugly you are when the women come to re-populate the planet .
Some programmers will do almost anything to avoid getting their feet dirty in the highly imperfect world of JavaScript .
Vendors are all too willing to offer up their alternatives :
Despite all the pretenders to the throne , JavaScript is n't going away any time soon .
JavaScript is the world 's most ubiquitous computing runtime .
It 's time we learned to accept and embrace JavaScript rather than blindly fighting it .
That does n't mean we can't explore alternatives -- but the best way to transcend the limitations of JavaScript is to immerse yourself in those limitations .
At least that way you know what you 're fighting for , and what the alternatives really mean .
Is JavaScript annoying at times ?
Sure .
Is it aggravating to deal with all the cross - browser issues you 'll inevitably run into ?
Absolutely .
Is debugging in the browser a pain in the butt ?
You bet it is , although FireBug helps .
But JavaScript , in its way , is as groundbreaking as it is infuriating :
JavaScript 's C - like syntax , including curly braces and the clunky for statement , makes it appear to be an ordinary procedural language .
This is misleading because JavaScript has more in common with functional languages like Lisp or Scheme than with C or Java .
It has arrays instead of lists and objects instead of property lists .
Functions are first class .
It has closures .
You get lambdas without having to balance all those parens .
JavaScript is the lingua franca of the web .
Ignore it at your peril .
If you 're looking to get reacquainted with JavaScript , the best single resource on the web is still Douglas Crockford 's site .
I can also recommend Douglas Crockford 's series of Yahoo videos , which provide an excellent overview of modern thinking in JavaScript .
You can download the companion slides for these presentations from the excellent Yahoo User Interface Blog .
There are some exciting JavaScript alternatives on the horizon .
Some will be successful ; some wo n't .
In all the hubbub over new tools and new choices , do n't forget that JavaScript remains an excellent choice for rich internet application development -- and as the existing lingua franca of the web , its success is guaranteed .
3-6-06
Gunnar Heinsohn : Babies Win Wars
[ Mr. Heinsohn is professor of sociology at Bremen University and founder and president of the Raphael - Lemkin - Institut . ]
Dying nations are usually defined as those with fertility rates of 1.5 or lower .
By that measure , 30 European countries are either dying today or -- like France -- seeing their cultures and populations transformed by growing ethnic and religious minorities .
Europe is shrinking just as the population in Islamic , African and Asian countries is exploding .
In 2020 , there will be one billion " fighting - age " men ( ages 15 - 29 ) world - wide ; only 65 million will be Europeans .
At the same time , the Muslim world will have 300 million males , often with limited opportunities at home .
Little can be done to reverse Europe 's demographic fate .
Germany 's 80 million inhabitants would need 750,000 skilled immigrants every year up to 2050 to offset the declining fertility rate that started in 1975 .
Even if such an unrealistic immigration level could somehow be achieved ( only 10,000 skilled immigrants a year are arriving now ) , Germany 's median age would still jump to 52 from 42 while ethnic Germans would become a minority in their own country .
This is n't the first time Europe has found itself tottering on the edge of extinction .
Throughout the 1400s , outbreaks of bubonic plague and pressure from conquering Muslim armies reduced Europe 's population to 40 million from 70 million .
In 1484 Pope Innocent VIII responded to the crisis by decreeing the death penalty for " persons of both sexes who by accursed charms and crafts , enormities and horrid offenses , slay infants yet in the mother 's womb ( or who ) hinder women from conceiving . "
Midwives , who were also experts in birth control and abortion , were prosecuted and killed .
The results were immediate , producing fertility rates as high as in Gaza or Niger today .
By 1510 , the number of male births in England had almost doubled .
After 1500 and right up to 1914 , West European women raised on average about six children , twice as many as during the Middle Ages .
The European economy could n't keep up .
Because a father 's land went to his oldest son , the younger brothers were often left to fend for themselves .
They quickly found an outlet .
In the 16th century , Spain called its young conquistadors " Secundones , " second sons , those who do n't inherit .
Starting with Columbus ' second voyage ( 1493 ) , Europe 's surplus males ( representing about 10 % of the world 's fighting - age males at the time ) began the conquest of the world .
And despite their wars around the globe and the 80 million who died in Europe 's domestic wars and genocides , their population rose tenfold to 400 million .
The original population bomb was a weapon made in Europe .
Over the next few centuries , Europeans took control of 90 % of the globe .
Who was to be master in Europe ?
In the early 1800s , France , West Europe 's most populous nation for 800 years , made its last bid .
At the time of Waterloo , France was able to draw on 5 % of the world 's males of fighting age .
It took an alliance of Great Britain ( 10 million people ) and Prussia ( also 10 million ) to prevail over France 's 27 million .
After 1861 , Germany passed France 's population and shortly afterwards defeated its neighbor across the Rhine .
At the beginning of the 20th century , Europe 's share of fighting age males had grown to 35 % , with 10 % belonging to the empires of Berlin and Vienna alone .
In 1914 these two behemoths used their population advantage to make a bid for world supremacy .
But their campaign to capture Eurasia 's land mass failed to take account of a newcomer to the world stage .
Though separated by an ocean , the U.S. commanded about the same demographic and industrial potential .
Japan , Italy and Germany became the last great powers that tried -- and failed -- to take territories away from other leading powers .
After 1945 Europe lost every war it fought , from Indochina , to Algeria to Timor .
Euphemisms such as " emancipation of the colonies " hide the true causes behind this chain of defeats .
If Europeans had continued to multiply like in its imperialistic prime , the world would still tremble before their armies .
In just 100 years , Muslim countries have duplicated the tenfold growth that Europe experienced between 1500 - 1900 .
In the last century , the Muslim population skyrocketed to 1.4 billion from 140 million .
If Europe had merely matched the fourfold increase of the United States ( to 300 million from 75 million between 1900 - 2006 ) , the continent 's 1.6 billion would still dwarf China ( 1.3 billion ) and India ( 1.1 billion ) .
Yet , Europe 's share of the world 's fighting - age males , which stood at 27 % in 1914 , is lower today ( 9 % ) than it was in 1500 ( 11 % ) .
Thus , the new clothes of European " pacifism " and " soft power " conceal its naked weakness ....
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
Why reactionaries hate CNN -- the Communist News Network -- still baffles me .
Yes , many if not most reactionaries live in a world all their own , surrounded by enemies both foreign and especially domestic ( no end there ) , so they are constantly on guard , muttering to themselves as their eyes dart back and forth .
Perhaps it 's CNN 's tolerance for tactical divisions that stresses them so .
But when it comes to the Big Issues , indeed , the Holy Script itself , CNN is just as servile to the military state as is Fox , or any other broadcast outlet .
Disagreements about how US imperialism is best employed is one thing , but questioning imperialism and its negative , destructive effects is quite , oh so quite , another thing .
I 've seen this for over 20 years now , and personally experienced it myself when I appeared on CNN during the early days of the first Gulf War .
Not only was there incredulity and hostility to my rather tame views about the lead up to that imperial assault , I got grief before I was out of make - up .
The woman who applied pancake to my face seemed gentle and sweet at first .
She was small , thin , had beautiful long blondish hair and wide , almond - like eyes .
But when she asked me what I was going to say on - air , I made the mistake of stating my case in full .
Turned out that she was very much in favor of bombing Iraq , and punctuated her pro-war feelings by stabbing my face with the pancake sponge .
" I - think - what - we 're - doing-is-i-m-p-o-r-t-a-n-t ! ! " she said briskly , tap - tap - tapping my skin in time with her remarks .
I was happy to learn that CNN 's anchor was in Atlanta , since I was in New York , for if this was the tone at the network 's make - up level , who knew what I would physically encounter once the red light flashed on ?
But that was long ago , and whatever startling insights I was able to express before being cut - off , they 're lost in deep space by now .
I wonder if Republican presidential candidate Ron Paul had any problems with make - up before his recent appearance on CNN .
Judging from Wolf Blitzer 's hostile reaction to Paul 's genuinely conservative , non-controversial ( to sane people ) take on 9/11 , I hope he skipped the pancake treatment and went straight to air .
If my dear , always up - beat pal Jon Schwarz had n't posted this clip at his joint , I would 've missed it , as I rarely watch the cable news nets , especially when sober .
In a way , I wish I had missed this bullshit -- not that I 'm shocked to see that the propaganda system is still in fine , running order , but who really needs this kind of obvious reminder ?
There are those who believe that over two decades of media criticism have toughened my skin and hardened my heart , and to a degree this is true .
But I 've never claimed to be Vulcan , and watching Blitzer give Paul the standard " You 're blaming America ! " treatment saddened me .
Paul responded well , but he too conforms somewhat to the accepted narrative about America 's unique greatness .
Just once I would like to see someone respond to Blitzer 's baiting with " You 're goddamned right I 'm blaming America !
We do n't get blamed enough !
Most of us live in a fantasy world !
" Now that would be true Reality TV .
Think of the YouTube hits !
Become a more knowledgeable SRI mutual fund investor .
Find out how your investments can help rebuild communities .
Find out which type of SRI professional is right for you .
BICYCLE sales outpaced car and truck sales in 2006 , as more Australians turned to pedal - power to cut petrol bills .
The Cycling Promotion Fund ( CPF ) , Australia 's peak bicycle promotion group , said 1,273,781 new bikes were sold last year , well ahead of the 962,521 new cars and trucks retailed .
CPF spokesman Ian Christie said Australians were using bikes not just for recreation but increasingly as their preferred form of day - to - day transport .
THE virtual destruction of the 19th century tea-clipper Cutty Sark comes like a hammer - blow to my heart .
Not merely was it one of the most beautiful artifacts I have ever seen , but it was the most perfect alliance of form and function .
Cutty Sark was designed to bring tea at high speed across the world , and then , when the tea - trade had become dominated by steamers which could navigate through the new Suez Canal , it brought wool from Australia , sometimes at 15 knots , day and night , making four hundred land - miles between noon and noon .
Ship for ship , and mile by nautical mile , the Cutty Sark could outrun the early steamships , but it was unable to pass through canals under its own way , and of course , could be becalmed .
With their raked prows and their huge spread of sail , the clippers were the most beautiful ships ever built , their deep draught enabling them to sail close to the wind , which meant added speed .
They were the final aria in the long opera which had first joined keel and canvas in the xebecs and dhows of the Mediterranean .
But never had timber and sail achieved such dynamic harmony as they did on those vessels fleeting across the South China Seas towards the Cape of Good Hope , with their cargoes of Assam , Darjeeling and Greenleaf .
This was also the era of the sea shanties , the worksongs of sailors as they hauled the shrouds and reefed the sails , from Brest and Liverpool , San Francisco and Shanghai .
The British merchant fleet was larger than that of the rest of the world put together , employing thousands of Irishmen from the ports of Dublin , Waterford , Cork , Claddagh and Belfast .
The sea-shanties fused Irish melodies with the airs of the English West Country , of the Highlands , and of New England ; hence ' The Leaving of Liverpool ' , ' The Rio Grande ' and ' The Mermaid ' , which belong to no nation and to all .
So steam abolished not just sail but song , and the clippers were the last ships on which sailors weighed the anchor to rhythmic singing :
Yo oh heave - ho .
Relationship
The dynamic relationship between the English language and the call of the sea was sealed by the coincidental emergence of three great laureates of the ocean , during the brief reign of the clippers : the Pole , Joseph Conrad ; the Englishman , John Masefield , and the Scot , Robert Louis Stevenson .
Joseph Conrad 's novels , beginning with Nigger of the Narcissus of 1897 and Lord Jim a couple of years later , gave to the idiom of the sea - novel a gravitas it has retained ever since .
John Masefield 's Salt Water Ballads , written when he was just 21 , provided a new and enormously popular poetic medium .
I must down to the seas again , for the call of the running tide ,
Is a wild call and a clear call that may not be denied ;
And all I ask is a windy day with the white clouds flying ,
And the flung spray and the blown spume , and the sea -gulls crying .
But it had been Stevenson 's Treasure Island of 1883 which imperishably united the sea and English literature .
It is one of the most powerfully influential books in all of anglophone culture .
A child today in Nebraska or in Alice Springs will have probably heard of Long John Silver , Blind Pugh and the Spanish Main .
Hence modern films like Pirates of the Caribbean can still entrance the portly , pot-bellied McMicrosoft generation of teenage landlubbers , for whom all obsolete technology is otherwise repulsive ; yet their youthful follicles bristle , and some ancient Viking gene is stirred , by the very words foret ' gallant and fo'c'sle , and of the sound of the yards cracking in a brisk trade - wind .
So , to be sure , Cutty Sark can be claimed as a triumph for the Dumbarton shipyard which built her in 1869 ; but she was a truly divine proof of the human need for beauty .
The rugged shipwrights of the Clyde had an aesthetic which rejoiced in the clean lines of the ship they hewed from wood , around the steel - frame which gave the clipper its bodily strength .
This enabled the clipper to take the pounding of the huge waves as it rounded the Horn , leaving the Indian Ocean and entering the brutal Atlantic .
Moreover , Cutty Sark was so utterly elemental , a triumph of the rudiments of hand and wood , wind , canvas and sea .
And those who steered the clipper out of Shanghai were the last of a maritime culture which once employed hundreds of thousands of men , and which enabled Europe to spread its power around the world .
With steam , that culture largely perished within a generation .
Sailing
All that truly remained of it until this last weekend was one of the greatest sailing vessels of all time - and now Cutty Sark is in ashes .
Whatever they erect in its place will be an ersatz confection , which might as well be of plasterboard ; for its timbers would never have felt the rush of brine on their seaward side , never have echoed to barefooted sailors dancing to the hornpipe above , nor felt the brisk spume of an Atlantic squall .
The Cutty Sark is dead : RIP .
Counterfeit designer handbags , perfume , and clothing are common products that are sometimes copied with such precision that it ’s hard to tell the difference from the originals .
There are , however , some shockingly bad replicas that seem to make no attempt at sounding authentic .
With the addition of just one letter , a classic timeless brand like Chanel , which conjures images of iconic fashion trends , can be turned into , well , a Channel .
The copy of J - Lo ’s ‘ Glow ’ , ‘ Show ’ , just does n’t quite have the same ring to it .
Nor does ‘ Blue Safe ’ , the fake version of ‘ Cool Water ’ .
One must wonder , how good can Allure perfume really smell if the bottle says ‘ Allusion ’ ?
For only $ 6.00 you can purchase some genuine Prada perfume over the internet , only do n’t be surprised if the package says Parade .
And finally , my favourite – a copycat version of Burbury called ‘ Blueberry ’ .
Unless you want to be wearing fake Britney Spears ( which , these days , actually might be more reputable ) we suggest you stick to the genuine items by following our tips to avoiding fakes :
Tips
1 ) Purchase goods directly from the store or alternatively from a reputable source such as a department store or a retail outlet recommended by that brand .
2 ) Look out for small details on the product such as any irregularities in the size , shape or packaging .
3 ) Know what you are looking for – research the brand adequately before the purchase so you are aware of what you are buying .
4 ) Use your instincts – often everything may look right but you may have a hunch that the product is not what it appears to be .
If that ’s the case , then dont ’ splash the cash .
Reports said 15 - year - old Dileepan Raj carried out a caesarean section to get into the Guinness Book of Records as the world 's youngest surgeon .
Several doctors said the parents showed them a recording of the surgery .
Now family members say the boy was only helping out at the operation .
The doctors face disqualification if the investigation finds against them .
Aghast
Many people in India perform extraordinary - and sometimes also bizarre - feats to get a place in the record books .
But commentators and the medical fraternity in India are aghast at the news of this unusual surgery from the southern state of Tamil Nadu .
According to reports , Raj carried out the caesarean operation on a 20 - year - old woman under the supervision of his parents at their nursing home , Mathi Surgical and Maternity Hospital , in Manaparai town .
They said the family wanted to see their son's name in the record books as the " youngest surgeon in the world " .
Several doctors who are members of the government - run Indian Medical Association who saw the video recording made by the parents have spoken out against the surgery .
The chairman of the association 's academic wing Dr KK Aggarwal called it " shocking and extremely unethical " .
The health authorities in Tamil Nadu state have ordered an inquiry into the incident .
One of my closest friends in the world completed a Ph.D. in mathematics recently and became an actuary for a very large life insurance company .
I had lunch with him recently just to catch up on things and we spent about 10 minutes talking about life insurance itself .
Find the Best Life Insurance Save money on life insurance with our simple comparison tool .
What type of coverage are you looking for ?
Final Expense Not Sure Whole Life Term 5 Year Term 10 Year Term 20 Year Term 30 Year Coverage Type
How much coverage do you want ?
$ 0 -$ 75 k $ 75 k -$ 125 k $ 125k -$ 250 k $ 250 k - $ 500k $ 500 - $ 1M $ 1 M + Coverage Amount 22 - 24 25-34 35-44 45-54 55-59 60 +
Age Zip Code Change your search inputs Matching you with providers .
We found results in Click at least 2 - 3 companies to find the very best rate .
He basically told me that if I ’m a financially sound person , I ’m throwing my money away on life insurance unless I meet a few strict criteria : young , a relatively low net worth , and young children .
This kind of blew me away considering he ’s in the life insurance business , but when he broke it down for me , it made a lot of sense .
Note that the advice that follows is based on a conversation between friends and should n’t be viewed as professional advice , and you should n’t just follow it blindly without doing your own research ( like on this site , here ) , but it is quite interesting and worth sharing .
First of all , unless you are a financial train wreck , you should never buy anything but term life insurance .
Insurance as an investment is a great investment for the insurance company but a terrible one for you .
If you want insurance , get insurance ; if you want to invest , buy an investment .
Do n’t mix the two – it ’s akin to buying a box of bad cereal to get the cheap plastic toy inside .
Why not just save a buck and get a better box of cereal , then spend the buck to get a better toy ?
If you ’re convinced you want to use your insurance as an investment tool , you must understand how to do it .
You can find TSD posts on : cash - value , life insurance settling , and building and borrowing cash from your life insurance policy .
Second , if you have no dependents and no spouse , do n’t buy life insurance .
Ever .
Do n’t let a salesman talk you into it .
Next , the more net worth you have , the less insurance you need .
This means that before you start thinking about life insurance , know what your net worth is .
This is an important number for figuring out how much net worth you ’re going to need .
Compare life insurance policies
Just answer a few , simple questions and we ’ll do the rest !
Zip Code
After that , think about your family ’s needs carefully .
Look at how many people are in your household ( spouse plus dependent children ) and multiply that by five , or maybe a bit more if your children are very young – this number is the number of years worth of your salary that would be needed to support each person in your house should you pass away .
He suggested multiplying it by six in my situation , but I wanted plenty of security for my kids , so I used eight .
I then multiply it by the number of people in the household , four .
That gives me 32 .
This is the number of “ salary years ” that I should leave behind .
Then , multiply your calculated “ salary years ” by your current salary ( or reasonably expected salary in a few years ) to see how much total worth you should leave behind .
Let ’s say I make $ 50,000 a year ; multiplied by 32 , that means I need to leave behind $ 1.6 million .
Ouch .
That ’s a lot .
Find the Best Life Insurance Save money on life insurance with our simple comparison tool .
What type of coverage are you looking for ?
Final Expense Not Sure Whole Life Term 5 Year Term 10 Year Term 20 Year Term 30 Year Coverage Type
How much coverage do you want ?
$ 0 -$ 75 k $ 75 k -$ 125 k $ 125k -$ 250 k $ 250 k - $ 500k $ 500 - $ 1M $ 1 M + Coverage Amount 22 - 24 25-34 35-44 45-54 55-59 60 +
Age Zip Code Change your search inputs Matching you with providers .
We found results in Click at least 2 - 3 companies to find the very best rate .
However , one should subtract from that their net worth .
I would make a little dent in that number , but not a big one , leaving me with still quite a sizeable policy .
If I went with a lower multiplier ( say , my friend ’s recommended 6 ) , I could reduce the policy quite a bit .
Once you have your magic number , get a relatively short term life insurance policy for that amount , usually long enough to last until your children have left the nest .
For my example here , that means I would get a 20 - year term life insurance policy for $ 1 to $ 1.5 million .
The premiums on that would be $ 600 to $ 800 a year , or $ 50 to $ 65 a month .
He suggests doing this so that one can potentially get a better rate with a 20 - year policy instead of a 10 - year one , but notes that policies that extend beyond when children leave the nest are a fool ’s game .
When your policy expires , do n’t renew it immediately – recalculate .
Let ’s say that in 20 years , my children have left the nest , leaving my wife and I home alone together .
We ’ve built up some serious savings , our home is paid for , and thus our net worth is in pretty good shape .
I sit down and recalculate and discover that in fact my net worth now exceeds 10 times my salary ( five times the people in household , which would be two ) , so I just do n’t bother with life insurance again , leaving me with $ 50 a month more to enjoy or invest .
Ok , so you ’ve just dropped $ 5 into that claw machine but did n’t win anything , those days could be over after watching this interesting G4TV clip .
Watch after the jump .
Those damn claw games pissed me off so much as a kid , and whoda thunk it that they actually pay out on a schedule by adjusting the claw tension every xx number of attempts [ via Gizmodo ]
Ok , so you ’ve just dropped $ 5 into that claw machine but did n’t win anything , those days could be over after watching this interesting G4TV clip .
Watch after the jump .
Those damn claw games pissed me off so much as a kid , and whoda thunk it that they actually pay out on a schedule by adjusting the claw tension every xx number of attempts
Ca n't Stop the Dance ?
Edit Your Hosts File
I 've resisted the urge to use any ad blocking software , since I 'm a web publisher who supports my sites through advertising .
I finally broke down today because of the dancing people who want to refinance my mortgage .
These ads for LowerMyBills .
Com bore into your brain like the Ceti eel on The Wrath of Khan .
Upon emergence , the eel larva could enter the ear of a larger animal , where it wrapped itself around the cerebral cortex .
This caused the host extreme pain and rendered them extremely susceptible to suggestion .
As the larva matured , the subject grew increasingly mad and might attempt suicide ...
The author of My Open Wallet shares my fear of the dirty dancing couple on the rooftop :
... there was something about the way the man was undulating his pelvis as he advanced towards the woman that always looked really creepy to me !
That kind of move would make we want to throw a drink on a guy at a club , not get a mortgage from him !
At least the image is just a sihouette so you can't tell if he 's doing that bite - the - lower - lip thing !
You know he 's doing that .
He 's also primping his shirt like Dieter on Sprockets .
Windows users can block a web server 's content by adding it to their hosts file , which maps domain names to IP addresses .
If you use this to map an ad server 's domain to 127.0.0.1 , which is an address for your own computer , you 'll never see its ads again .
Windows XP keeps the file in the C:WindowsSystem32 DriversEtc folder .
The following line will stop the music for the dancing mortgage people and any other advertiser using the same broker :
127.0.0.1 ad.doubleclick.net
The ads are replaced with an error message that looks clunky but poses no threat to your cerebral cortex .
More detailed instructions are available from MVPS.org .
Comments
Ah , yes , it was at Dieter 's dance party -- I was dancing with Rob ...
It 's the herky - jerky movements of the dancers that 's so disturbing .
I believe it was Dieter who said , " You have disturbed me to the point of insanity ... There .
I am insane now . "
No taste , no style , no sale .
AOL has a lot to answer for , do n't they ?
I suppose I 'm a web publisher too , and have arrived at the following guilt - free personal adblocking system : 1 . I use Flashblock ( flashblock.mozdev.org ) , which nonetheless permits activating flash with a single click and 2 .
I use the standard Firefox popup blocker .
Not sure about LowerMyBills , but the ads that really tend to irritate me are usually either Flash or popups ( and my sites use neither ) so problem 99 % solved !
I had an idea , instead of pointing to 127.0.0.1 , why not trying something unroutable , which technically should be faster , since the computer is n't waiting for a ( possibly ) non-existent answer from the computer .
I was thinking about something like 10.255.255.254 .
Oh , no .
Comcast has their routers set so that 10 .x.x.x is routable !
And they are n't using any 10.x.x.x routers that I can see ( admittedly not much that I can try , unless I want to try the whole 24 bit address ... )
192.168.x.x means the wireless router tries to rout it even though I 've got that locked down ( the router decides to take the whole class B ) , and 172.16.0.x , again , gets passed on to Comcast for 8 hops before a router finally realizes that it 's not routable .
And I wonder what Comcast would do with a 192.168.x.x number without the router .
Probably the same thing as the others .
We had an interesting discussion about the HOSTS file and ad blocking in general over at this thread ,
www.kickenhardware.net
if you 're interested , as well as some interesting test results on how a HOSTS file affects internet connection speed ( page 4 ) .
great blog !
great tip to add the ad DNS to the hosts file .
i ca n't believe i did n't do that earlier .
what smug satisfaction i get now watching the IE 404 screen fill up the little banner hole .
You are my hero for this ...
Thank you .
Once you 've blocked these LMB ads , do n't be surprised if you miss their poor design and bizarre imagery .
If you go into withdrawal , do n't fret : we 've captured almost 30 of their classics in our archive of online advertising .
Here they are --
LowerMyBills online ads
Enjoy !
I did a google search on " dancing mortgage guy " and this page was the third hit .
Thanks to all who posted ideas on how to get rid of the flash ads .
These ads were ruining my web experience .
I 've changed my hosts file , and it works , but every few days it reverts to the old hosts file .
Is lowermybills.com somehow doing this ?
Thank you , thank you , thank you !
I googled " annoying dancing people lower ad " and found this site .
These ads ARE the most obnoxious thing to appear on the internet in the 8 years I have been on line .
I like to concentrate when I read , and their motion and stark color contrast is designed to rob the viewer of an ability to concentrate on anything else on the page .
As you said , it literally hurts my brain after awhile .
It is much like a strobe light in a dark room .
I wonder if the already profitable web sites that host these ads for extra income ( eBay , etc ) realize how much they are detracting from a user 's enjoyment of their actual site content .
thanks again
I actually find the dancing silhouettes so bad they are hilarious and was hoping to find a place where they are all available to watch / send ...
I 've archived over 35 of the best and worst online ads from LowerMyBills @ adverlicio.us
Come see the linedancing cowboys , the blue babies , and the dancing couple in all their glory !
I was so sick of looking at these ads I had almost given up on using ebay !
Thanks !
The NYTimes article says you " resorted to tinkering with [ your ] computer to block all ads from the company . "
Please please share how to do this .
Like drivin ' a stake through the heart of those time consuming , visually distracting , annoying vampires .
Thanks for caring to share , and getting national press coverage .
You da MAN !!
Wow !
What a relief .
I could n't stand those dancing ads .
They were ruining the internet for me .
Thank you !
Thank you !
Thank you !
Thank you !
Thank you !
Thank you !
Thank you !
Thank you !
Thank you !
In Linux , if you want to add them to a config file , in /etc / hosts . deny add the line :
ALL : .doubleclick.net
Of course , you can browse with Firefox and install the adblock extension .
What about using 192.0.2.1 ?
From RFC 3330 :
192.0.2.0/24 -
This block is assigned as " TEST - NET " for use in documentation and example code .
It is often used in conjunction with domain names example.com or example .
net in vendor and protocol documentation .
Addresses within this block should not appear on the public Internet .
I just added some timewasting sites to which I 'm addicted to my hosts file .
Yeaaaahaaa !
* whaps dancing shadow ads *
Thank GOD I ran into this site !
Those stupid shadow people were driving me nuts !
Now , I ' ca n't find their server '... heee hee !
We should all wage war on advertising , it 's becoming hyper - invasive and sucking up valuable brain cells in the process .
Soon we 'll have people posting ads on their rooftops near airports so that when people look out the window they 'll see an ad for Viagra or some STD inhibitor .
THANK YOU for helping with this ... like some of the other commentors noted , I Googled to find out how to get rid of the annoying dancing guy ad , and ended up here .
I guess you have to give those marketing people some credit for coming up with something that really does get people 's attention ; however , if it gets SO much attention that people resort to altering configuration files to get RID of them , then maybe they should revisit the strategy ...!!
Same story , I Googled " Stupid lowermybills.com ad " and got this site .
I simply cant take it anymore , they might be the most annoying ads i've seen in my 14 + years on the web .
The X10 ads used to annoy me but not like this .
Million
Thanks !!!
Hate these stupid ads !!
I treasure the information you 've provided here .
I use AOL , and while there was a lull on the LMB ads for a while , but they 're back with a neauseating vengeance ( Jan '08 ) .
For a while I removed the Flash player to disable them , but it disabled lots of content I wanted .
I used the line " 127.0.0.1 ad.doubleclick.net " to block them , and it seems successful , so far .
However I still get the jiggly , moving banners for Lasix , Netflix , etc .
Do you have any idea of what line ( or lines ) I can add to my hosts file to kill all of them ?
I 'm not greedy though ; if all I accomplished is killing the LMB ads , that 's a huge relief .
Thanks for writing about those ads .
They are everywhere !
I decided that it needs to be blogged and am joining in the commentary on those dancing ads to refinance .
THANK YOU !
I complain everytime I see this ad .
It 's got to be the most annoying ad ever .
I would never go to this company for lowering anything .. unless they can lower my blood pressure by ending this marketing campaign .
I take it back .. it still shows up on weather .com .
AHH someone I HATE lowermybills.com
The bad part is if you block the adds with your host file you cant wach videos on site 's like FOX NEWS I think I am going to start going to CNN who does not use doubleclick ( the offending add people ) to run their video .
I hate these adds !!!!
THANK YOU !!!
I 've always wanted to know who the heck is stupid enough to refinance their HOME with any mortgage broker that advertises with udulating silhouettes or dancing weiner dogs or winking cartoon chickies or ... any of the weird stupid stuff that clogs the internet .
Who could possible believe that 's the way a legitimate financial company gets business ?
Probably the same people who click on the 999,999 visitor ads or take up those offers for Nigerian investments .
I wonder how these people got a mortgage or even a job in the first place .
These ads drive me CRAZY !
And not in a good way .
I thought the silhouettes were less creepy , to be honest ; now when they use infinitely - looped footage of real people dancing it freaks me out because their movements are so jerky and unnatural , like they 're reanimated corpses or something .
And capitalizing on the bailout bill passing literally the same day it 's through Congress ?
" Hey , they passed a bill to try and fix all the shoddy mortgages handed out over the past eight years , why do n't you celebrate with a BRAND NEW SHODDY MORTGAGE ?!! "
These people need to be punched in the face .
These ads finally drove me to the point where I finally had to contact their web development department to ask them to stop .
I somehow ended up speaking with a refinancing representative and begged her to let me speak to web development .
She said if I have them refinance my house , they 'll stop the ads .
So here I am , two months later , all refinanced ( 2 points higher , by the way ) yet the ads are still running .
I 'm seriously confused .
Stephen in Wackyville
Stephen ,
Dude , the exact same thing happened to me .
They promised to stop it but the insanity continues .
I CAN'T TAKE IT ANYMORE .
I try to stop looking but I keep clicking that stupid bookmark .
WHY DO I DO THIS ?
SOMEBODY STOP ME !!
Sleepless in Sanity
YOU ARE MY HERO - THANK YOU !!!
I was at the point where I had turned flash off completely , only to turn it on manually whenever a website needed it ( all too often ) - all because of the stupid dancing girls from Lowermybills.com .
This is great - spread the word !
I see .... stupid people ... Those ads from lowermybills are at best nauseating .
Every time I go on to Weather Channel I see that really stupid dancing ad .
If there is a God , he is up there shaking his head asking himself " where did I go wrong here ? " .
Add a Comment
These HTML tags are permitted : < p > , < b > , < i > , < a > , and < blockquote > .
A comment may not include more than three links .
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA ( for which the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply ) .
REUTERS - Hot and bothered by rising pump prices ?
Australian brothels are offering clients discounts based on their gas bills .
Brothel owners claim the system works much the same way as supermarkets which offer shoppers discounted gas prices by presenting their grocery bills when they fill up their tanks .
" If you come in and spend time with one of our lovely ladies , we 'll give you a discount of 20 cents a liter , " Kerry , manager of Sydney brothel The Site , told Reuters Wednesday .
There is no link between brothels , petrol providers or supermarkets but brothels like The Site and Madame Kerry 's say the system is simple .
Once you 've filled up your car , bring your receipt to the brothel and they 'll discount the price of your visit .
The bill for a full 50 - liter tank at 126.9 cents per liter comes to A$ 63.45 ( $ 48.22 ) .
With the offered 20 c a liter discount , the petrol bill would have instead come to A$ 53.45 .
That A$ 10 difference is taken off the A$ 150 cost of a 30 - minute session with one of the brothel 's " service providers . "
The Site has taken out cut - out newspaper ads offering the service .
" We 're getting more media exposure , if you want to put it that way , than basically bums on beds , " Kerry said .
Brothels are legal across most of Australia , but states have strict laws against soliciting and running brothels in residential areas , and near churches or schools .
Hurray For High Gas Prices !
For a long time I have felt the price of gasoline in the United States was way too low .
Pretty much all economists believe this .
Greg Mankiw blogged back in October about the many reasons why we should raise gas taxes .
The reason we need high gas taxes is that there are all sorts of costs associated with my driving that I do n’t pay — someone else pays them .
This is what economists call a “ negative externality . ”
Because I do n’t pay the full costs of my driving , I drive too much .
Ideally , the government could correct this problem through a gas tax that aligns my own private incentive to drive with the social costs of driving .
Three possible externalities associated with driving are the following :
a) My driving increases congestion for other drivers ;
b ) I might crash into other cars or pedestrians ;
c ) My driving contributes to global warming .
If you had to guess , which of those three considerations provides the strongest justification for a bigger tax on gasoline ?
The answer , at least based on the evidence I could find , may surprise you .
The most obvious one is congestion .
Traffic jams are a direct consequence of too many cars on the road .
If you took some cars away , the remaining drivers could get places much faster .
From Wikipedia ’s page on traffic congestion :
The Texas Transportation Institute estimates that in 2000 the 75 largest metropolitan areas experienced 3.6 billion vehicle - hours of delay , resulting in 5.7 billion US gallons ( 21.6 billion liters ) in wasted fuel and $ 67.5 billion in lost productivity , or about 0.7 % of the nation ’s GDP .
This particular study does n’t tell us what we really need to know for estimating how big the gas tax should be ( we want to know how much adding one driver to the mix affects lost productivity ) , but it does get to the point that , as a commuter , I ’m better off if you decide to call in sick to work .
A more subtle benefit of fewer drivers is that there would be fewer crashes .
Aaron Edlin and Pinar Mandic , in a paper I was proud to publish in the Journal of Political Economy , argue convincingly that each extra driver raises the insurance costs of other drivers by about $ 2,000 .
Their key point is that , if my car is not there to crash into , maybe a crash never happens .
They conclude that the appropriate tax would generate $ 220 billion annually .
So , if they are right , reducing the number of crashes is a more important justification for a gas tax than reducing congestion .
I ’m not sure I believe this ; it certainly is a result I never would have guessed to be true .
How about global warming ?
Every gallon of gas I burn releases carbon into the atmosphere , presumably speeding global warming .
If you can believe Wikipedia ’s entry on the carbon tax , the social cost of a ton of carbon put into the atmosphere is about $ 43 .
( Obviously there is a huge standard of error on this number , but let ’s just run with it . )
If that number is right , then the gas tax needed to offset the global warming effect is about 12 cents per gallon .
According to this National Academy of Sciences report , American motor vehicles burn about 160 billion gallons of gasoline and diesel each year .
At 12 cents a gallon , that implies a $ 20 billion global warming externality .
So relative to reducing congestion and lowering the number of accidents , fighting global warming is a distant third in terms of reasons to raise the gas tax .
( Not that $ 20 billion is a small number …it just highlights how high the costs are from congestion and accidents . )
Combining all these numbers , along with the other reasons why we should tax gas ( e.g. wear and tear on roads ) , it seems easy to justify raising the tax on gas by at least $ 1 per gallon .
In 2002 ( the year I could easily find data for ) , the average tax was 42 cents per gallon , or maybe only one - third of what it should be .
High gas prices act just like taxes , except that they are more transitory and the extra revenue goes to oil producers , refiners , and distributors instead of to the government .
My view is that , rather than bemoaning the high price of gas , we should be celebrating it .
And , if any presidential candidate should come out in favor of a $ 1 per gallon tax on gas , vote for that candidate .
3.1 . Requirements
At the time of writing , mainstream Linux distributions do not explicitly support the SIXAXIS in wireless mode .
Hence , the following customizations are required .
linux - 2.6.21 or later .
Earlier kernels do not support Bluetooth HID devices in " Report Protocol " mode .
patch - hidd - 3.9 - pabr3 or patch - hidd - 3.19 - pabr3 .
This patch causes the Linux Bluetooth HIDP daemon ( hidd ) to send a special command to the SIXAXIS when it connects .
Sony already published a similar patch for enabling reporting in USB mode .
sixpair .c.
( Only required if the SIXAXIS is to be used with a non-PS3 Bluetooth master . )
The SIXAXIS apparently does not support the standard Bluetooth pairing procedure ; instead , pairing is done over USB , which is arguably simpler and more secure .
This command - line utility searches USB buses for SIXAXIS controllers and tells them to connect to a new Bluetooth master .
Alternatively , it might be possible to support the Bluetooth HID " Report Protocol " on older kernels by using bthid instead of hidd , with a similar patch .
Besides , the new " input service " ( bluetoothd - service - input ) , which replaces hidd in recent versions of bluez - utils , should support the SIXAXIS without any patch .
However , since it does not accept connections from unknown Bluetooth devices , authorizations must be set - up by another utility , such as a udev plugin , as suggested in this discussion .
Note .
Bluetooth experts use the word " controller " to refer to the Bluetooth network adapter inside the host or the PS3 , whereas everybody else thinks " game controller " ( a.k.a. joystick ) .
This sometimes causes confusion .
" In order for Satan to establish his ' New World Order ' and destroy the freedom of all people as predicted in the Scriptures , he must first destroy the U.S. , " his resolution states .
" The mostly quiet and unspectacular invasion of illegal immigrants does not focus the attention of the nations the way open warfare does , but is all the more insidious for its stealth and innocuousness . "
WASHINGTON , April 13 
The administration proposed a bill on Friday to relax certain legal restrictions on the government ’s ability to intercept telephone calls and other communications in the United States .
The proposal would change provisions in the primary law on domestic surveillance that the Bush administration says limit its ability to spy on the domestic and international communications of foreigners and would provide new legal immunity for telecommunications companies that have been sued for cooperating with the government as it conducts domestic wiretapping .
But the proposed changes to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 face resistance in Congress .
Democratic lawmakers have been pressing for more oversight of the domestic eavesdropping run by the National Security Agency before they agree to amend the laws , and they have become increasingly concerned by disclosures of abuses in other data collection programs , too .
A crucial Republican senator , Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania , said in an interview that he believed that Congress might be reluctant to take significant action on the issue soon , because of legal challenges to the constitutionality of the domestic surveillance that are in the courts .
Last year , a federal judge in Detroit ruled the program unconstitutional .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The first U.S. surgeon general appointed by President George W. Bush accused the administration on Tuesday of political interference and muzzling him on key issues like embryonic stem cell research .
Former Surgeon General Richard Carmona in a file photo .
The first surgeon general appointed by President Bush accused the administration on Tuesday of political interference and muzzling him on key issues like embryonic stem cell research .
REUTERS / File
“ Anything that does n’t fit into the political appointees ’ ideological , theological or political agenda is ignored , marginalized or simply buried , ” Dr. Richard Carmona , who served as the nation ’s top doctor from 2002 until 2006 , told a House of Representatives committee .
“ The problem with this approach is that in public health , as in a democracy , there is nothing worse than ignoring science , or marginalizing the voice of science for reasons driven by changing political winds .
The job of surgeon general is to be the doctor of the nation , not the doctor of a political party , ” Carmona added .
Carmona said Bush administration political appointees censored his speeches and kept him from talking out publicly about certain issues , including the science on embryonic stem cell research , contraceptives and his misgivings about the administration ’s embrace of “ abstinence - only ” sex education .
Carmona ’s comments came two days before a Senate committee is due to hold a hearing on Bush ’s nomination of Dr. James Holsinger as his successor .
The administration allowed Carmona to finish his term as surgeon general last year without a replacement in place .
Gay rights activists and several leading Democrats have criticized Holsinger for what they see as “ anti-gay ” writings , but the White House has defended him as well qualified .
U.S. surgeons general in the past have issued influential reports on subjects including smoking , AIDS and mental health .
“ Political interference with the work of the surgeon general appears to have reached a new level in this administration , ” said Rep. Henry Waxman , a California Democrat who chairs the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee to which Carmona testified .
“ The public expects that a surgeon general will be immune from political pressure and be allowed to express his or her professional views based on the best available science , ” he said .
Carmona said he was politically naive when he took the job , but became astounded at the partisanship and manipulation he witnessed as administration political appointees hemmed him in .
Bush in 2001 allowed federal funding for human embryonic stem cell research , but only with heavy restrictions that many scientists condemn as stifling .
Carmona said the administration prevented him from voicing views on stem cell research .
Many scientists see it as a promising avenue for curing many diseases .
But because it involves destroying human embryos , opponents call it immoral .
Carmona said he was prevented from talking publicly even about the science underpinning the research to enable the U.S. public to have a better understanding of a complicated issue .
He said most of the public debate over the matter has been driven by political , ideological or theological motivations .
“ I was blocked at every turn .
I was told the decision had already been made -- stand down , do n’t talk about it , ” he said .
Carmona testified with two predecessors , Dr. C. Everett Koop , who served under President Ronald Reagan , and Dr. David Satcher , named by Clinton but whose term ended under Bush .
Carmona said some of his predecessors told him , “ We have never seen it as partisan , as malicious , as vindictive , as mean - spirited as it is today , and you clearly have worse than anyone ’s had . ”
A Tale of 2 Inflation Rates
This morning 's inflation rate was terrific .
Or terrible .
What you saw depended upon where you looked .
Wall Street looked at the core rate , which came in at 0.1 % ( actually 0.149 % , but that gets rounded to one decimal place -- hence , 0.1 % ) .
Futures blasted off on that number , but as my colleague Bill King mentioned last night , its an quadruple witch option expiration day , you needed a pretty awful number to derail the expected expiry moon launch .
There can be little doubt that consumer inflation -- up 2.7 % year - over - year -- is slowing with the economy .
The core CPI remains elevated at 2.2 % year - over - year -- slightly above the Fed 's comfort zone of 2.0 % .
Credit for the lowered core rate goes primarily to Owners ' Equivalent Rent ( OER ) , which rose a scant 0.1 % .
Housing is 42 % of the the CPI ( 33 % of the core ) , with the Owner 's Equivalent Rent 24 % of CPI , and over 30 % of the core rate .
Did Housing prices suddenly get much cheaper ?
There 's little evidence of that .
So far , the ongoing slide in prices is relatively measured -- orderly , even .
And we saw that Mortgage rates ticked up significantly over the past month , which further pressures home prices .
Of course , utilities -- excluded from OER -- are ever higher .
( Ironically , we came across this headline this morning : Heating bill delinquencies jump -- and its now well past heating season ) .
So how did OER moderate so much ?
My guess : Excess supply .
All of those condos , purchased pre-built , all of the speculators who could n't find a chair when the music stopped , and those oh - so clever home flippers -- these folks have become involuntary landlords .
En masse , they are renting these properties ; that huge surge of supply is keeping rental prices down .
Meanwhile , BLS reports that Energy prices are up 71 % on an annualized basis in the past 3 months ( Compound annual rate 3 - mos. ended May ' 07 ) .
The headline number for CPI was the biggest since the Katrina impact ( 1.2 % ) in September 2005 .
Indeed , you have to go back to April 1999 to find a higher headline number sans weather disaster .
At the same time , the core CPI has grown at a 1.6 % annualized rate over the same three month period .
This discrepancy has led to the media finally acknowledging the absurdity of inflation ex-inflation .
An article in yesterday 's USA Today ( of all places ) noted :
" When it comes to measuring inflation , consumers and economists often do n't speak the same language .
When consumers think of inflation , they often focus on prices of things they buy regularly , such as food and gasoline , which have been going up significantly in price this year .
But when economists , including Federal Reserve officials , talk about inflation , they often focus on a measurement of price pressures called " core " inflation .
Core inflation excludes costs of food and energy goods , the very items that are the most visible prices for most consumers .
Many economists will be focusing on the core when the government releases its monthly producer price index today and the closely watched consumer price index Friday . "
The risk of focusing on the core is that Fed risks losing credibility in the eyes of the public .
Future inflation expectations are not nearly as muted as the Fed 's benign core rate .
Of course , none of this should matter to traders .
The momentum remains strong , and the overall psychology still disbelieves the market .
In fact , a few recent sentiment measures are so bearish that its all but impossible for a top to form here .
( I 'll go into some details on this later ) .
The melt up to Dow 14,000 continues . . .
>
>
Sources :
Consumer Price Index Summary ( PDF version )
CONSUMER PRICE INDEX : MAY 2007
BLS , Friday , June 15 , 2007
http://www.bls.gov/news.release/cpi.nr0.htm
Food , energy costs ' exclusion debated
Barbara Hagenbaugh
USA TODAY , June 14 , 2007
http://www.usatoday.com/money/economy/inflation/2007-06-13-inflation-usat_N.htm
LowRisk Investor Sentiment at Extreme Bearishness
Traders Narrative , June 14th , 2007
http://www.tradersnarrative.com/lowrisk-investor-sentiment-at-extreme-bearishness-1066.html
Friday , June 15 , 2007 | 09:04 AM | Permalink | Comments ( 67 ) | TrackBack ( 2 )
add to de.li.cious | digg this !
| add to technorati | email this post
TrackBack TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d8341c52a953ef00e008c5d31b8834
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference A Tale of 2 Inflation Rates : » Is Inflation Moderating ? from Quantitative Contemplations
Beginning with the March , 2007 FOMC statement , the Fed has stated that its primary concern is that inflation will not moderate as expected .
This suggests the inflation measure (s ) the FOMC consults when determining monetary policy are at the upper en ... [ Read More ] Tracked on Jun 15 , 2007 10:38:16 AM » Inflation Part II from The Big Picture
Here 's that missing post from yesterday .
I found it ironic that the market was rallying on supposedly benign inflation news , while these were the headlines .
It just goes to show you , that when Mr. Market wants to go higher , he 's going higher .
Period .
Wh ... [ Read More ] Tracked on Jun 16 , 2007 11:47:13 AM
Comments
wow ..... 1/3 of Centerpoint 's customers are overdue on this past winter 's heating .
Average owed $ 1500 .
Wonder how Christmas / Back to School retailing will play out .
Who knows when the consumer spending fall comes , but when it does it 'll be quick and brutal .
Posted by : johntron | Jun 15 , 2007 10:13:29 AM
Small things can often mean a great deal .
If you 'd like to tell us your story , please use the form .
I still can't believe it was recovered .
My cousin visiting from Sweden had lost her wallet on the TTC with all her Swedish credit cards and her driver 's licence ( difficult to replace from Canada ) , as well as my newly purchased TTC monthly pass she had borrowed .
I am pleasantly surprised that everything was recovered and I thank the " everyday hero " that turned it in to the Lost and Found .
Linn Strandberg , Toronto
I was working a gig at a mall a few weekends ago that required many hours of standing and talking non-stop .
I talked to these two young boys ( early teens , my guess ) who had balloon swords and the like with them .
I chatted with them for a bit and after a few minutes they walked off , presumably back to their shopping .
Around half an hour later , while I was resting my feet for a few minutes , they came back and gave me a balloon flower , one that I had said I wanted to get during my break .
It was such a small thing to do , but it just made my whole day , and brought a huge smile to my face .
Thank you so much for putting the sunshine back into my otherwise dreary and exhausting job .
Karen Chen , Toronto
On Aug. 3 at around 4 p.m. , I left work and took out money to buy a Metropass .
When I arrived at the York Mills subway station to buy it , I was 50 cents short .
I let people behind me go ahead while I looked for change .
When I realized I was only 50 cents short , I told the TTC employee at the collector booth I would be back with her change .
When I was leaving to go find an ATM , a very kind lady behind me asked if I needed change .
That about made my day knowing I would n't have to turn back .
I know I thanked you , but if you read this , thank you again .
That really brightened my day .
These last few months have been difficlt and it's things like this that make it all seem better .
Paula Henriques , Toronto
At the beauty salon where I go there is a hairdresser who has a very elderly customer .
This customer uses a walker and moves very slowly .
She usually goes to the washroom while she is at the salon .
This hairdresser , T.J. , is so kind and understanding .
She usually has to go the the washroom to see if the customer is all right .
Thank goodness there are people like T.J .
Kay Malins , Toronto
It was moving day and the rental company that I booked a truck had complications and they did not have a truck for me .
I was alone in the city with my 10 - year - old daughter and our puppy and we did n't know anyone well enough to ask for help .
We had moved to the city with the intention of moving back home after a year so that I could finish my schooling .
The entire experience was quite smooth until this day .
Frantically , I called every rental company but it seemed hopeless .
One of my classmates dropped by to say farewell and I broke into tears and shared my dilemma .
She quickly took control and within three hours her husband had borrowed a moving trailer and he moved us home .
I always wondered what would have happened if she did n't stop in .
I am so lucky she did because that day I knew I made a real friend .
Melanie Daybutch , Blind River
I lost my wallet somewhere in Quebec City on my way to Toronto while on vacation recently .
I noticed after I stopover at gas station almost 300 km past Quebec City .
When I arrived home around midnight , I had message waiting on my home phone from Andrew , the person who found my wallet in the middle of the road .
I must have put on top of my car roof when putting stuff in the trunk and forgot it there .
Coincidentally , he also lives in the GTA ( Brampton ) .
He gave me his address so I could pick up my wallet .
When I checked , everything was there , even $ 40 cash .
He did n’t even touch anything .
The world will always be a better place as long as we have these kinds of people .
Thank you so much , Andrew , for returning my wallet .
God will certainly reward you for the good this good deed .
Muhammad Bukhari , Scarborough
One recent morning I was at Starbucks trying to buy a coffee when the person behind the counter surprised me with an act of kindness .
I was using my debit card and it was denied .
Of course , I started to panic because at Starbucks they start to make your drink as soon as you order it .
After a few more attempts , the person behind the counter smiled at me and said , do n't worry about it , just go ahead and take your coffee .
It was a $ 4 cappuccino !
Most places would just let you walk out of the store , embarrassed and upset , but this girl gave me a good start to my day .
I am very grateful .
Katie DeClerq , Toronto
I 'm a Mississauga Transit operator and currently working the morning rush hour lines .
The other day , the bus was packed with passengers as usual .
An elderly lady got on with her shopping cart .
As I watched through my rear view mirror , she struggled to grab on to something for balance while at the same time trying to keep her cart out of the way of others .
Finally one of my regulars , a young man dressed in a suit , offered his seat .
She thanked him and sat for the remainder of her ride .
Such a small gesture , but one that confirms that good people still exist .
Thanks again .
Paul Bokum , Mississauga
Recently I dropped my wallet and a kind man let me know that his son picked it up and was handing it over to customer service inside Loblaws .
I got my wallet back .
The next day I dropped my cellphone and a kind person picked it up and put it on the steps of a house .
When I called my cellphone , the resident answered and I got it back .
How kind is that !
We live in a great city with really great people .
Diane Galic , Toronto
I just want to send a huge thank you to the girl who rescued me from the cheap seats and gave me her floor ticket at the Bon Jovi concert recently .
I do n't know her name , but her very kind gesture is much appreciated ; I had a great time !
Sharon Donchev , Toronto
I deliver papers and enjoy the work very much .
One morning just as the sun was rising I made my delivery and noticed a small envelope attached to the mailbox .
It had " Paper Girl " written in bold black letters .
Inside was a handwritten note and a complimentary coffee gift certificate .
I enjoyed the coffee but it was the note that made my day .
It read : " I really appreciate that every morning when I wake up my paper is waiting for me .
Have a coffee on me ! "
Emily Fox , Mississauga
As a Toronto nightlife lover , it was n't an unusual day when I was at a club downtown .
I looked down into my clutch to see that it was open and contents no where to be found .
It must have unzipped while I was dancing and to my dismay my new BlackBerry , driver 's licence , debit card , Visa card , car keys , and my friend 's iPhone , driver 's licence , and car keys were gone .
After visiting the DJ booth and two bouncers , all of the contents were returned .
It is rare that all of those very valuable items would be turned in at a nightclub downtown .
Kudos to the nightlife scene , and to all the skeptics that think it 's nothing but trouble .
Victoria Di , Mississauga
DVLは、1枚のライブCDに収められた容量150MBのISO形式で配布されている。その母体とされたのは、コンパクトなLinuxディストリビューションとして人気の高いDamn Small Linux（DSL）であるが、その選定理由はこうしたサイズの小ささだけではなく、2.6カーネルに比べて脆弱度を発揮させやすい2.4カーネルを使用しているためである。同梱されているプログラム群についても、旧バージョンのApache、MySQL、PHP、FTPデーモン、SSHデーモンのうちで特に攻撃に弱いものが厳選されており、その他にも、GCC、GDB、NASM、strace、ELF
Shell、DDD、LDasm、LIDaなど、これらのサービス上で使用されるアプリケーション群に対するコンパイルとデバッグおよび“攻撃”をするための各種ツールが取りそろえられている。
DVL というディストリビューションは 、Secure Software Engineering （S²e）およ びInternational Institute for Training , Assessment , and Certification （IITAC ） のThorsten Schneider氏 がFrench Reverse Engineering TeamのKryshaam氏と協力して立ち上げたものである。
「 DVL という構想の基礎となったのは、私が受け持つ大学の講義で使うトレーニング用のシステムを構築することでした」とSchneider氏は説明をする。その際に同氏が考えていたのは、コードのリバースエンジニアリング、バッファオーバーフロー、シェルコード開発、Web攻撃、SQLインジェクションなどのトピックを学ぶための教材として使える、可能な限り脆弱なLinuxシステムを用意することであった。
Schneider氏はDVLというディストリビューションについて、セキュリティ系ツール群およびトレーニング用オプションをできるだけ多くユーザに提供することのみがその存在理由であり、それ以外の用途は無いとしている。「DVLの作成には、色々と悪い意味でのハッカー経験を持つ人々が携わっており、ReverseEngineering.netおよびCrackmes.deといったコミュニティの協力も得ています。これは、過去に蓄積されてきた膨大な経験の集大成であり、Crackmes.deのコミュニティメンバが編み出してきた各種のソリューションや、様々な教訓について紹介がされています」
「 作成時に目指したのは、プラグアンドプレイ型のシステムでした。つまり仮想マシン上でDVLを実行すれば、それだけで必要なすべてのツールがインストールされ、（受講者の手には）その場で使える実用的なトレーニング教材一式がそろうという訳です」
同様の説明は、セキュリティ専門家としてSPI Dynamicsで働くと同時にSecurityDistro.comの編集者を務めているJosh Sweeney氏からも聞くことができる。「当時DVLのスタッフが感じていたのは、インターネットで入手できるこの種のチュートリアルは、どれも一般のユーザにとって理解しづらかったり、実用的でなかったり、内容が高度すぎるということでした。そこでこの種のテーマに関連するツール、演習問題、テキスト系チュートリアル、およびエクスプロイト（exploit：セキュリティ上の弱点に関する情報）を集めて、手軽に扱える1つのライブLinuxディストリビューションとしてパッケージ化しようという活動になったのですが、このプロジェクトでは独自のビデオ版チュートリアルまで製作しています」。
Sweeney氏は、DVLという教育用ディストリビューションの使用法として、OWASP
LabRatやHakin9などのセキュリティ系ディストリビューションと組み合わされて利用されるケースが多いだろうと見ている。「LabRatの特徴は、WebアプリケーションのセキュリティおよびOWASPツールに特化したものだということです。Hakin9も教育用CDとしては優れているのですが、雑誌の付録という形でしか入手できません。ISO版をダウンロードすることも可能ですが、雑誌版にあるチュートリアルの一部は除外されています。私の知る限り、教育活動を主目的としたライブ形式のセキュリティ系ディストリビューションは、他に作られていないはずです。例えばBackTrack、nUbuntu、Knoppix-STDなどは、セキュリティの専門家が実務で使うことを前提としています。これらに関しても教育目的では絶対に使えないという訳ではありませんが、最初からその目的で作られたものとは比べるべくもないでしょう」
クリックで拡 大
DVLには、不正侵入の手口に関する一連の演習問題および、それらのソリューションとエクスプロイトがまとめられている。ここに用意されている演習は、PHP攻撃を行うための様々なエクスプロイトを実演したもので、通常のWebブラウザを用いたアクセスが可能である。なお、これらのエクスプロイトを使用する際には、コマンドラインを始め各種のCLIおよびGUI系ツールを使い分けることになる。
ここまでの解説を読んでこのディストリビューションに興味を持ったという読者については、手始めにDVLのWebサイトに用意されているイントロダクション用のビデオを見てみることをお勧めする。First Steps with DVL というページにアクセスすると、DVLディストリビューションの内容および収録ツールの機能を簡潔に解説したビデオを再生することができる。DVLの概要を把握できたらYour First DVL Lessonのページに進めばいい。ここにリンクされているビデオにはバッファオーバーフローの詳細が解説されている。
残念ながらこれらのビデオは、配布サイズを軽量化する関係上、ディストリビューション側には収録されていない。可能であるならば、ツール群のみを収録したDVLのvanillaバージョンと、ビデオも収録したDVLのextendedバージョンというように、2つのバージョンが用意されていたらいいと思うのだが。
具体的に何を学ぶことができるのか
一口にセキュリティと言ってもカバーするべき分野は広大であり、むしろセキュリティに関係しない要素を探す方が難しいくらいだ。そのためSchneider氏は、チュートリアルを3つのパートに分けたとのことである。「1番目のパートは、バイナリ攻撃、バッファオーバーフロー、書式文字関連の脆弱性、シェルコードに関するものです。2番目のパートは、SQLインジェクションやパス検索など、Webを介した攻撃の手口を解説したもので、Webサイトにまつわるセキュリティ問題も説明しています。3番目のパートは、コードのリバースエンジニアリングおよびコピープロテクト解析に関するもので、現在用いられているコピープロテクトがいかに脆弱であるかが理解できるでしょう」
「 DVL を際だたさせているのは、バッファオーバーフローおよび逆アセンブルという手口に焦点を当てていることです」とSweeney氏は語る。同氏によると、バッファオーバーフローやリバースエンジニアリングと併せて語られるケースが多いのが逆アセンブルであるとのことだ。「ここで言う逆アセンブルとは、より詳細な分析が行えるように、プログラムを解読してそのアセンブルコードを入手することです。こうした行為に成功すると、根幹レベルでのコード解析が可能となり、セキュリティ上の欠点も見つけられやすくなります。この分野に関しては、かなり以前より優れた内容の論文が出回っているのですが、自己完結して操作性に優れたトレーニング用ツールという形態で利用することはほとんど不可能でした」
将来的なリリースとビデオの追加
DVL という非常に異質なディストリビューションに対して、開発サイドがどのようなアップデート計画を考えているのかを、Schneider氏に尋ねてみた。同氏が確約したのは、今後行うリリースではMetasploit Frameworkなどのツールの追加を行うが、より将来的にはトレーニング教材などの充実に焦点を当てていくということだ。「次回のリリースでは、ツールの1つを追加することがメインの変更となりますが、併せて若干のトレーニング教材の追加も行います。それ以降のリリースでは、チュートリアルセクションの増強をするつもりです。また近いうちに行うリリースのいずれかで、Linuxカーネルの脆弱性をよりいっそう強化することになるでしょう。その他の計画としては、ハッキング・ウォーゲーム的な要素をDVLに取り込むことも検討しています」
過去において多くのプロジェクトが、壮大な目標をかかげながらも志半ばで挫折している。そしてDVLの場合も、同Webサイトにリンクされている解説用ビデオは内容的には見応えがあるものの、現状では2種類だけしか用意されておらず品揃え的には貧弱だと言わざるを得ない。こうしたビデオのラインナップについてSchneider氏は、「トレーニング用ビデオのセクションは、近日中に充実させていきます」と約束している。「ただしこの種のビデオ製作はかなりの時間を要する作業なので、外部の人から見ると遅々として進展していないよう感じられるかもしれません。ですから、できるだけ進捗ペースを上げるよう努力してみるつもりです。またテキスト系のチュートリアルに関してはコミュニティからの貢献に頼っているので、このセクションの充実ぶりは、どれほど多くの協力をコミュニティから得られるかにかかっています。その他にも独自の協力を申し出る方がおられましたら、Crackmes.deのWebサイトにて受け付けております。そうした協力が増えるほど、DVLのチュートリアルの充実はより速やかに進展していくでしょう」
DVL というディストリビューションは、その設立目的からして極めて異色な存在となっている。私自身セキュリティに関する特別に深い知識を持っている訳ではないのだが、DVLにあるバッファオーバーフローについての説明やそのエクスプロイトに関する演習はきちんと理解することができた。こうしたDVLに用意されているすべての教材を実践するとなると、かなりの時間を割かれると覚悟しておいた方がいいだろう。Schneider氏が語っていたように、今後これらの教材が定常的なペースで増強されていくとすれば、DVLは非常に充実したトレーニングツールへと成長していくはずだ。
NewsForge.com 原文
TORONTO -- Sidney Crosby skated away with the Hart Trophy on Thursday night , becoming the NHL 's youngest MVP since Wayne Gretzky .
Crosby is the youngest player to win the Hart since Wayne Gretzky .
Frank Gunn / AP
Photo
The vote was n't even close .
The 19 - year - old Pittsburgh captain -- who received his trophy from six - time winner Gordie Howe -- got 91 first - place votes and 1,225 points in a poll of Professional Hockey Writers ' Association members .
" To get that from him was obviously a huge honor .
Everyone knows the history and what he 's done for the game , " said Crosby , who led the Penguins to a 105 - point season , second best in team history , before they were eliminated in the first round by Ottawa .
Gretzky won his first Hart with Edmonton in 1980 and followed it with seven more in a row at the start of an unparalleled 20 - year career during which he won the Hart a record nine times .
When Gretzky won for the first time , he was five months younger than Crosby , who turns 20 in August .
Two weeks ago to the day , Crosby was made the youngest captain in NHL history .
So has this been the best two weeks of his young life ?
" I have n't won the Stanley Cup yet so ask me after that , " he said .
" But this has been a couple of memorable weeks . "
The Hart was given out at the end of the awards ceremony , which was supposed to be shown live in the United States on cable channel Versus , but a technical glitch prevented the station from showing the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation 's live feed .
Versus planned to air it later Thursday night .
Crosby began the evening with a trophy , too .
Canadian prime minister Stephen Harper gave the Pearson Award , an MVP award voted on by the players ' union , to the teen from Cole Harbour , Nova Scotia .
Vancouver goalie Roberto Luongo was second in Hart voting with 25 first - place votes and 801 points .
New Jersey goalie Martin Brodeur was third with 21 first - place votes and 763 points , though he got to take home the Vezina Trophy for top goalie .
Brodeur was also chosen as the goalie on the all - NHL first team .
Detroit 's Nicklas Lidstrom and Anaheim's Scott Niedermayer were the defensemen and wingers Dany Heatley of Ottawa and Alexander Ovechkin of Washington were forwards along with , yep , Crosby .
" The fans love him , " Brodeur said .
" Everybody seems to be on his wagon , and that 's well deserved .
He 's going to be like Gretzky in making the NHL a better sport . "
Crosby led the NHL with 120 points ( 36 goals , 84 assists ) this season , earning him the Art Ross Trophy and making him the seventh in league history to win the Hart , Pearson and Ross .
Vincent Lecavalier 's 52 regular - season goals entitled him to collect the Maurice Richard Trophy .
The New McCarthy : Bill O’Reilly
I was reading an old transcript of a piece about Joe McCarthy ’s anti-communist witchunt hearings and I was surprised to find that some of his comments sounded awfully familiar .
I did a little googling , and I think I figured out why :
MCCARTHY : A few days ago I read that President Eisenhower expressed the hope that by election time in 1954 the subject of Communism would be a dead and forgotten issue .
The raw , harsh unpleasant fact is that Communism is an issue and will be an issue in 1954 .
TONY SNOW ( sitting in for O’Reilly ) :
This morning , the president pounced on a quote in Sunday ’s New York Times Magazine where Senator Kerry called terrorists a nuisance .
( October 10 , 2004 )
MCCARTHY : You know the [ American ]
Civil Liberties Union has been listed as “ a front for , and doing the work of , ” the Communist Party ?
OREILLY : [ T ] here is no question the ACLU and the judges who side with them are terror allies .
( July 25 , 2005 )
MCCARTHY : Now , you wrote a book in 1932 .
I ’m going to ask you again : at the time you wrote this book , did you feel that professors should be given the right to teach sophomores that marriage — and I quote — “ should be cast out of our civilization as antiquated and stupid religious phenomena ? ”
Was that your feeling at that time ?
O’REILLY : You can understand how people like me and maybe a lot of people watching think you are a loony lefty when your book , Fanatics & Fools [… ] is endorsed by the following : Molly Ivins ; Bill Maher , Bill Moyers ; and Larry David .
Why do n’t you get Che Guevara on that , oh , he ’s dead .
How about Fidel Castro ?
Come on , they are the far left fringe .
That ’s who you ’re hanging with … ( April 20 , 2004 )
MCCARTHY :
If a stupid , arrogant or witless man in a position of power appears before our Committee and is found aiding the Communist Party , he will be exposed .
The fact that he might be a General places him in no special class as far as I am concerned .
OREILLY : The only thing we can do is hold people who raise and give money to the ACLU accountable .
In the weeks to come , The Factor will tell you who these people and organizations are , so you can decide whether or not you want to do business with them .
( August 5 , 2005 )
MCCARTHY :
When the shouting and the tumult dies , the American people and the President will realize that this unprecedented mud slinging against the Committee by the extreme left wing elements of press and radio was caused solely because another Fifth Amendment Communist was finally dug out of the dark recesses and exposed to the public view .
O’REILLY : Enter Hillary Clinton , who wants to sit in the White House .
In her Newsweek column this week , liberal Anna Quindlen gushes over Mrs. Clinton , describing her as a moderate . …
That ’s what I mean about the left - wing media .
To them , social issues like unfettered abortion , pro-gay instruction in public schools … [ are ] tak[en ] for granted .
( May 10 , 2005 )
You should follow me on twitter here .
October 12 , 2005
© All Rights Reserved .
Please do not distribute without written permission from Damn Interesting .
Human beings normally see in color .
We are natural trichromats ⁠— we have three different color receptors that permit us to see a range of colors far broader than many other mammals .
Even most other primates ( with the exception of old - world monkeys ) have only two kinds of color receptors .
We are not the top of the color vision pile though .
Jumping spiders are natural tetrachromats , with four kinds of receptors , and while there are no known mammalian tetrachromats , there are believed to be tetrachromats among birds , insects , reptiles , and amphibians .
That mammalian exclusion may be about to change .
Since 1993 scientists in Oxford and Cambridge have been looking for a few women compared to whom , we may all be color - blind .
These women would be the first known mammalian tetrachromats .
In an odd twist of fate , the same genetic glitch that creates color - blind males may create females with better - than - usual color vision .
The normal human retina ’s color receptors are tuned to green , blue , and red .
Working together , the three give us our colorful view of the world .
When one or more of those color receptors is missing the result is color - blindness .
The genes for our red and green color receptors are located on the X - chromosome , giving women a redundant set of receptor genes .
This is why men are far more prone to color - blindness than women .
In order to be functionally color - blind a woman not only has to be missing a receptor gene on both X - chromosomes , it must be the same gene on each one .
The chances of this happening are so slim that only 0.4 % of the US female population is affected .
By contrast male color - blindness is far more prevalent with 8 % of the US male population affected – 95 % of them with red or green receptor problems .
Color - blindness makes it difficult or impossible to distinguish some colors , depending on which receptor is affected .
The term color - blindness itself is somewhat of a misnomer , since color perception is altered , not eliminated .
True color - blindness , wherein a person can distinguish no color at all , requires a malfunction of all three kinds of color receptors , and affects only 0.003 % of the population regardless of gender .
The original problem that leads to color - blindness occurs in the process of meiosis , the creation of the human ovum or sperm – in this case the ovum .
During meiosis each pair of chromosomes is split in half in preparation for receiving a new matching half when the egg is fertilized .
The splitting process is not perfectly neat , however .
Genes can blend and cross , which is normal , and sometimes they do it lopsidedly , which is not .
When lopsided splitting occurs the genes ’ coding for the color - receptors can be affected .
The genes for the red and green receptors lie right next to each other , and therefore are particularly prone to mismatching .
If a mistake is made in meiosis , the X - chromosome in the egg may be missing the genes for either the red or green receptors .
More rarely the genes may crisscross and the resultant chromosome will have two genes for a single receptor , be it red or green .
It ’s this particular variant that makes the tetrachromat possible , for not all red receptors ( or all green receptors ) are identical .
Normal genetic variation through the generations has meant that some are sensitive to slightly different wavelengths .
In most instances a person would have only one red and one green receptor gene , so the variations would not make much difference – but what happens when a chromosome with two red receptor genes ends up with two different kinds ?
This is where the tetrachromat becomes possible .
A man with two red receptor genes , one normal , one modified , might have broader color vision than a normal color - blind man , but he would remain color - blind .
A woman , on the other hand , with her redundant set of receptor genes , would have genes coding for not three kinds of receptors , but four .
The genetics are plain , but two questions remained .
Would the new receptor be prevalent enough to alter the subjects ’ vision ?
And would the brain be able to accommodate the additional input to produce truly superior color vision ?
Dr. Gabriele Jordan of Cambridge University may have answered that one .
She tested the color perception of fourteen women who each had at least one son with the right kind of color - blindness .
She set up a test where the subjects had to manipulate and blend two wavelengths of colored light to produce any hue they liked .
They then had to match their own results a second time .
With normal color vision , several different combinations would match any given hue , with a tetrachromat the possible combinations to produce a visible match would be much reduced .
Dr. Jordan reported that two of the fourteen women showed exactly the results she would have expected from a tetrachromat .
At least one of the two women reports having a different sense of color from the people around her , with both better color matching and better color memory .
While not completely conclusive , this initial study has so far provided our best candidates for natural human tetrachromats .
But even if we find our tetrachromats , they may not all be created equal .
If the modified color receptor is sensitive to wavelengths very close to a normal receptor , then the tetrachromat would merely have slightly better color - vision .
The further apart the wavelength sensitivities of the receptors , the more the tetrachromat ’s vision would differ from the norm .
So in all probability , even among tetrachromats few have a dramatically better color sense , but for that rare exception the world may truly be a more colorful place .
MIAMI ( Reuters ) - A Florida man awoke with a severe headache and asked his wife to drive him to a hospital , where doctors found a bullet lodged behind his right ear , sheriff ’s deputies said .
“ The nurse looked at him and said , ‘ It appears that you ’ve been shot , ’ ” the Fort Pierce Tribune quoted St. Lucie County Sheriff Ken Mascara as saying .
“ And he said , ‘ No way . ’ ”
The wife , April Moylan , fled the emergency room when the bullet was discovered but later told deputies she had accidentally shot her husband as he slept early on Tuesday .
She was jailed on a weapons violation charge while deputies pursued additional charges .
The husband , 45 - year - old Michael Moylan , woke up with a head pain so severe he suspected he was having an aneurysm and asked his wife to take him to the emergency room , deputies said .
They arrested the wife after obtaining a search warrant and finding a gun and bloody rags in the couple ’s home near the Atlantic coastal town of Port St. Lucie .
The husband was hospitalized in stable condition .
Naturally , the kind ladies and soon - to - be-ladies on
Now here comes the kicker ; towards the end of the email prank exchange , my piece of crap Dell murdered my hard drive , resulting in the loss of data for the last couple days .
After building a new computer and restoring from a backup , I realized this entire prank was lost ; messages are deleted from the mail server and cannot be recovered .
So how did I manage to recover all our correspondence ?
READ ON !
Before you folks begin reading this prank , I 'd like to give you a little " behind the scenes " scoop .
" PageantPhotos " is apparently some loony broad whose entire business model revolves around transforming photos of normal children into horrendous , bowel - releasing Photoshopped monstrosities .
Her website , " Natural Beauties Contest , " is jam packed full of rancid jpegs depicting the finest examples of clone - stamped soulless abominations to ever escape from a vagina .
Naturally , the kind ladies and soon - to - be-ladies on the Something Awful Forums took it upon themselves to poke fun of this website and the terrors it contained .
The result was everything I 've come to know and love from Something Awful Goons , and obviously resulted in an immediate lawsuit threat from the owner of " Natural Beauties , " who took time out of her busy schedule of airbrushing two - year olds and transforming them into plastic Internet hookers .
Now here comes the kicker ; towards the end of the email prank exchange , my piece of crap Dell murdered my hard drive , resulting in the loss of data for the last couple days .
After building a new computer and restoring from a backup , I realized this entire prank was lost ; messages are deleted from the mail server and cannot be recovered .
So how did I manage to recover all our correspondence ?
READ ON !
My first contact with crazy doll lady came courtesy of the all - too - familiar Internet legal threat .
You know , the generic " you have directly offended me , you 'd better do what I say or else I 'll sue , blah blah blah " garbage that I get from everybody every day because , as Americans , the lord Jesus bestowed upon us an inalienable right to threaten everybody everywhere with lawsuits for everything .
She tried to spice things up a bit by not only insinuating I 'd be at the ass end of a class action lawsuit , but I 'd also thrown into Internet jail because - hold on to your socks here - SOMEBODY ON THE INTERNET MADE FUN OF HER PHOTOS .
There 's a special level of hell devoted to people like me .
There 's an Arby 's on it .
These photos are all copyrighted by CRAZY DOLL LADY so please do not steal them and use them to frighten barnyard animals at night .
From : PageantPhotos
To : lowtax@somethingawful.com
Subject : Lawsuit I thought I would warn you , before suing you , that my work is copyright protected .
Also , many of the photos that you and your friends are changing , adding text to , displaying , and writing false information about are copyrighted by other professional photographers .
There are several web sites that you can easily find through your search engine which will teach you more about copyright laws .
I suggest you learn about it quickly and remove the photos that are displayed in your forum titled " Pageant photo retouching , it makes me shudder . "
I will give you until Monday to remove them .
At that point , I will give your web info to all of the other photographers as well as the parents of the children .
The parents will no doubt sue you for _displaying their children 's photos with crude and sexual comments_ .
I will gladly turn the info over to the police department as well .
Children are very strictly protected from internet predators .
Alycia Collins
PageantPhotoRetouching.com
Oh no !
" Internet predators ! " I think those are animals who eat the Internet .
A couple Internet predators tried eating our servers the other day , but I scared them away by unloading a couple shotgun rounds into the air .
From : lowtax@somethingawful.com
To : PageantPhotos
Subject : Re : Lawsuit Greetings ,
Thank you very much for your kind and generous email .
I can assure you that our legal staff is in the process of either reading or comprehending it as I write this .
Lawsuits are definitely no " laughing matter , " and we take suits of the law very seriously , particularly in cases involving : 1 ) Copyright laws
2 ) Copyright protection
3 ) Friends changing , adding text to , displaying , and writing things
4 ) Monday
5 ) Children
6 ) " As well "
To help us expedite your claim , please let myself and Gary know which photos / pictures were edited and what you would like them to be edited by .
In the sense of a post - edit situation ( i.e. , unauthorized editing or edited editing of previously altered and / or edited images for use within a single - company organization ) these images ( altered , unaltered from previous alteration and / or edit by unauthorized third parties unaffiliated with your organization ) is both illegal and against the law , so we will work with you to develop a solution to this problem as soon as possible ( edit : as soon as you may wish to proceed ) .
Children are no laughing matter , and it matters when somebody is laughing at children .
I would like to keep this lawsuit " under the sonar " so it does n't leak to the press and media , as our company could suffer financial hardships as a direct result of such an action .
Please inform me as to how to rectumfy this situation and we will work with your company to the best of our satisfaction .
We would not like the internet predators on our site to suffer any legal or financial hardships due to this mishap , so please let me know what I can do to make your company happy .
Thank you ,
Richard " Kyanka " Kyanka
The last thing I wanted to do was directly offend a deluded woman with unlimited access to the clone stamp , so I felt my response was both quick and professional .
As you will soon see , it was !
From : PageantPhotos
To : lowtax@somethingawful.com
Subject : Re : Lawsuit
Thank you for your quick and professional response .
After reading your email , I believe you may not have been aware that your forum was being used this way .
Several photos have obvious text added , graphics changed , and digital paint marks added to them .
Most angering are the text remarks on photos of children and babies that include words such as " crazy pimp baby - where ma moneys at bitch ? "
Also , some files are being renamed with words such as " frodofagginsmorelike.JPG "
Please follow this link to view the disturbing material on your forum web site .
http://forums.somethingawful.com/showthread.php?s=&threadid=2137510&perpage=
40&pagenumber=1
I have attached an example of one of my photos that was changed without a copyright release .
I 'm requesting that you delete this forum entirely .
Many of the photos were taken from my web site .
Others belong to fellow photographers and / or graphic artists .
Thank you for your quick attention to the matter .
Alycia Collins
PageantPhotoRetouching.com
Oh crap ...
" Crazy pimp baby - where ma moneys at bitch ? "
That 's at least five years jail time , minimum .
Fear not , crazy doll lady , I 've got just the quick and professional response for you .
Eighteen years ago today , the government of China sent tanks rolling into Tiananmen Square , crushing a student rebellion that had been growing for over a month .
Of all the images that remain from that day , the one that has always stayed with me has been the man above , standing down a column of tanks .
I wrote about that man in an article that was published in the September 1991 edition of The Freeman
Every so often , an event occurs that stands as a monument to the continuing struggle for human freedom and serves as a reminder to all who work for liberty that even when success seems farthest from reach , they can make a difference .
Whether it is the Boston Tea Party , the storming of the Bastille , the Warsaw Ghetto uprising , or the assault on the Berlin Wall , such events are a vivid reminder that man has an undying desire to be free .
Of all these , however , there is one event that will stand alone as the simplest and yet most profound reminder not only of the universal desire for liberty but also of the power of a single individual .
This event occurred on June 5 , 1989 , one day after the Chinese government massacred thousands of its own citizens in Tiananmen Square .
As a column of tanks rolled down the ironically named Boulevard of Heavenly Peace , a lone man ran into the middle of the street and stood in front of the lead tank , preventing the entire column from moving .
For one brief moment , the age - old historical struggle between the individual and the state was crystallized into the image of this one man standing perfectly erect , staring straight ahead , with the gun turret of a tank pointed at him .
It is said that the quest for freedom is the struggle between the armed state with its ultimate resort to the power of a gun and the individual with often nothing more than his principles to defend him .
Never before has one event so perfectly represented this struggle before the world , and never before has the power of principle and the impotence of force been more perfectly communicated .
To those who fight the daily battle for liberty on even the smallest , most inconspicuous , and sometimes apparently the most meaningless level , the actions of this man in Beijing should serve as an inspiration and a reminder that , though a single individual may seem powerless to change anything , the greatest success must always begin with someone who is willing to stand up and fight for what he believes .
Where , after all , would the world be today were it not for the first American patriot who resisted British rule , the first Frenchman who stood up against the ancien rÃ©gime , the first person who refused to comply with the Nazisâ€™ plan to murder every Jew in Europe , or the first East European who demanded his freedom in the worst days of Communist tyranny ?
At the time , it may have seemed to all of these people that they were engaged in a hopeless exercise , that the resistance of one man is nothing compared with the military and political power of a state .
They acted not because they knew that they would win , for victory was far from certain , and not as part of a mass struggle against tyranny , for they were , at least initially , quite alone .
They acted because they knew they were right , because they wanted to be free , and because they hoped that by taking a stand they would inspire others to do the same .
History , of course , proved them correct in the long runâ € “ acting alone they not only inspired others but eventually proved victorious .
The undeniable lesson of history is this :
One person , backed only by the strength of his convictions , can make a difference ; one man can change the world .
It 's that time of year again , to romance and be romanced , love and be loved , and show appreciation for the one we hold dear .
The day just does n't come often enough for most , but comes far too often for others .
But have no fear , the day can be enjoyed by all with a little evening magic .
What is this special day I speak of ?
Whatever day you want .
Christmas , your love 's birthday , Valentine 's Day , your anniversary , or even your honeymoon .
Unique Romantic Evening Ideas
For those who love to change it up every year , these ideas are the not so common , but worthy of a try .
Rose petal bath .
One of the most beautiful things in this world along with one of the most relaxing ; nothing could be better , except experiencing it with the one you love .
Candle light serenade .
Everything is beautiful in candle light .
So even if you do n't have the voice of Frank Sinatra , it 'll still be romantic .
Night under the stars .
Sitting under the stars with a significant other is amazing .
Looking at the universe together , talking , is something everyone should experience .
A stay at a hotel .
Even if you do n't leave town , just being away from home together is enough .
Buggy ride around town .
Ever take a look at your town on a buggy ride ?
It 's a thousand times more beautiful .
Notes of love .
Leave notes about how much you care and love your significant other in the car , kitchen , living room , everywhere you can think of .
Traditional Evening Ideas
Be it an anniversary , Valentine 's Day or even Christmas , some just like it old fashioned , but still romantic .
For those searching for the right idea , but just brain - freezed , search no farther .
Romantic dinner out .
For two please -- any extra is just that much more non-romantic .
And of course , stay away from Chucky Cheese and McDonald's .
Romantic dinner in .
Be sure to use candles ( not to cook with ! ) and be a gentleman / woman while serving and sitting .
Watching a movie together .
Even if the movies not romantic , the night still can be .
Sometimes a moment alone holding each other is all a couple needs .
Walk along the beach .
Beaches are always beautiful , but when you with the one you love , it makes it all the more wonderful and special .
I hope this list has given you a few ideas on how you can spend your evening with romance and love .
Collapsing Colonies Are GM Crops Killing Bees ?
A mysterious decimation of bee populations has German beekeepers worried , while a similar phenomenon in the United States is gradually assuming catastrophic proportions .
The consequences for agriculture and the economy could be enormous .
According to a recent article , a computer program can now play a decent game of Go on a 9×9 grid .
I really was n’t sure this would ever happen .
Andrew and I went to a talk about programming computers to play
Go , about twelve years ago , and I remember that the programmers of two of the best computer
Go programs were proud just because when their programs played each other , they usually played on the same portion of the board : apparently just figuring out what part of the board is worth fighting over is a hard problem , or at least hard to program .
I guess I should explain that in Go , two players take turns placing colored stones at the intersections of a grid , trying to control as much space as possible .
If a group of one player ’s stones are completely surrounded by the other player ’s stones , the surrounded stones are removed from the board .
You basically play until the board is full ( well , not quite , but close enough ) .
For more details , you can check wikipedia .
For various reasons that were fairly clear when the programmers explained them , this is not an “ easy ” problem like chess .
In chess , there are maybe 20 possible moves at a given point in the game , and each leads to 20 choices for the other player , and so on .
Each “ I do this , he does that ” is called a “ move ” — the “ I do this ” part or the “ he does that ” part is called a “ half move ” — so each move creates about 400 branches .
A dedicated chess computer can evaluate several billion positions per second ( is n’t modern technology amazing ? ) , so in about 4 minutes it can investigate every single branch to a point 5 moves down the road ( that ’s 10 half - moves ) .
At that point it can throw out 99.9999999 % of the possibilities — like the ones that leave it down a piece with no compensation , or the ones that leave its opponent down a piece with no compensation ( because its opponent would n’t choose those branches either ) —- and can then spend another minute or so looking farther down the promising alleys , going as far as 20 half - moves in some cases .
Back when computers were a lot slower — in the late 1980s , for example — programmers put a lot of effort into figuring out how to evaluate each position so they could “ trim the tree ” earlier , and there was a general sense that we would learn about chess , and about “ artificial intelligence , ” by working on the evaluation function .
But “ speed kills ” , and although the evaluation function for a top chess computer is indeed fairly sophisticated , the main improvement in the programs has been to simply look deeper .
With Go , the biggest problem is that there is no obvious way to “ trim the tree . ”
Oh , sure , there are a few situations in which , looking several half - moves down the road , you can tell that one player has “ wasted ” their moves because their pieces have been captured … but there are n’t very many of these .
If players just plunk down pieces at random for a while , even a long while , the odds are pretty good that neither player will have any pieces actually captured , so the number of pieces on the board will still be equal .
That means that the approach that was so successful in chess — just look at every possibility as far down the road as you can , and pick the possibility that gives you a material advantage ( or other easily measured advantage ) even if the other player plays optimally too — ca n’t work in Go , because there is no “ easily measured advantage . ”
I have n’t had a chance to read the paper describing the approach taken by the new Go program , “ Bandit based Monte - Carlo Planning ” by Levente Kocsis and Csaba Szepesvari , but it seems like it should be worth at least a glance .
September 16 , 2020 : In an ongoing effort to protect our employees , customers and family members , Air Cargo Carriers has made the difficult decision to postpone our May 6th , 2020 Ground School .
At this time no reschedule date or plan has been made .
We have retained your contact information and will provide further details when they become available .
We have removed our pilot postings until further notice .
We appreciate your patience and hope everyone stays safe !
- Air Cargo Carriers Administrative Team
Welcome to Typeinternational .
NUMBER ONE WORK FROM HOME SITE ON THE INTERNET
Buy one program and get a second one of your choice for free .
Franchises not included .
We have been around for 20 years and own the original Work At Home site .
We have plenty of work and pay via Pay Pal when your earnings reach $ 100 .
We need help in Indonesia and Malaysia and parts of South Africa .
We provide work at home employment to individuals worldwide .
No more working for commission .
Guaranteed income for the work you do .
To view Information and Fees on the Programs Below , please click on each individual program for further information
Work at Home Combos : Save Money and Earn More !
Our work at home combo packs combine our best positions to earn you a regular income from home and save you money at the same time .
Choose from one of our 3 combo packs today .
Home Typist : Similar to the Type N Click Position .
Earn a guaranteed income filling in online forms .
Get Paid up to $ 2 for every online form filled .
No deadlines or limitat
Marketing Typist : Earn up to $ 1500 per month completing simple online typing assignments for our clients .
Basic Typist : Earn up to $ 1000 per month completing simple online typing assignments for our clients .
Response Typist : Earn an unlimited income from home .
Get paid for each and every click .
Order Processor
No selling , No recruiting , No adpacing .
Get paid to processor our orders
Research Assistant : Earn a guaranteed income working from home .
Get paid for each and every online research task completed .
Franchise Opportunity : Our Franchise Opportunities are available worldwide .
Franchise owners earn an unlimited income for signups and active workers plus bonuses .
Now only $ 250.00
VISIT THE SITE BELOW FOR OTHER ONLINE WORK AT HOME !
Are you trying to find a work at home job that does n’t
cost a fortune to register in and that does n’t
require you to pay monthly fees ?
Do you want to be paid directly instead of waiting for a check to arrive
and then clear your account ?
If you answered yes then we have a position for you .
We are currently hiring Home Based Order Processors .
As a order processor you will process online orders by email .
You will earn $ 10 for every order you process .
Payments are sent to you directly as soon as products are ordered .
No Waiting for Pay Day .
You can process as many orders as you like each day .
Process 10 orders in a day you earn $ 100
Process 20 orders per day you earn $ 200
Process 100 orders per day you earn $ 1000
We provide you with everything you need !
There is a one time cost of $ 25 which covers all of your tools and resources
required to work from home as an order processor .
No monthly fees ever !
Plus you will also receive a free work at home directory which is loaded with
FREE ( no cost ) jobs that you can also do to earn even more from home .
If your ready to earn a decent income from home visit us and register today
http://Interjobconnects.org
Positions are available to everyone worldwide .
Start earning today
http://Interjobconnects.org
Libertarianism was the darling ideology of the nineties -- a decade when bread - and - butter progressivism was considered oh - so - passe .
Nothing beats it if you want to pose as a rebel without ruffling any feathers within the corporate world order .
The attraction libertarianism has for a good many liberals either indicates their ignorance or is very revealing about their true politics .
But it is n't sufficient to denounce libertarianism on the grounds that , " I'm a liberal / progressive / leftist , so I 'm for government . "
Left / right is n't pro/anti- government , and the libertarian promise to get the government out of your life is a lie .
Under libertarianism , when you sign a work contract that does not protect you in any way because you need to put food on the table , get injured on a job with no safety rules , get fired with no recourse , get evicted with no advance notice , and try to sneak your family onto someone 's property to get a night 's sleep , you 'll find out in a hurry how the government " stays out of your life " -- just as soon as the cops get there .
What a libertarian government stays out of is protecting people against anything short of outright bodily assault .
It is property that libertarianism is really designed to protect , and to that end , a libertarian government is just as mean as it is lean -- small in size , but as ruthless and violent as any other government , with fewer restraints .
For most people , libertarian " economic freedom " simply means wage slavery .
Of course -- people will point out -- this stuff is already true under capitalism .
Quite so , with some qualifications .
It 's strange that some people think this is an argument in libertarianism 's favor .
Libertarianism takes capitalism in all its inequality and oppressiveness and makes it harsher and more absolute .
It attacks every restraint imposed on capitalism by workers , consumers , environmentalists , political parties , and so forth , in the name of an absolutist version of property rights and contractual obligations that , although stated in terms that sound equal and fair , is actually ultra- favorable to the rich -- those who already have property and are already in a good contractual bargaining position .
I mean , think about it ... suppose you were living in a medieval village with standards of hygiene that were , well , medieval .
To avoid the filthy streets , would you prefer to live inside the outhouse ?
Maybe you would , if you 'd lived in filth for so long you thought sh*t was good for you .
Who knows ... people are strange .
If you can believe sh*t is good for you , you might even believe capitalism 's good for you .
The rest of us can hope for indoor plumbing .
Or socialism -- an almost forgotten concept no government ever tried to implement .
( The name socialism , of course , used to be very popular in some parts of the world . )
Or , if that 's too much for you , stitch up the social safety net , and keep your needles out -- because the capitalists are going to keep ripping it open every chance they get .
According to the FBI Department of Internal Affairs , United States Republican John Doolittle was raided in Northern Virginia by US federal agents due to his alleged ties and involvement with former convicted gambling lobbyist Jack Abramoff .
Law enforcement sources in the FBI reported that the raid occurred on Tuesday at Doolittle 's home , a place where he and his wife ran a Republican fundraising committee .
According to facts released by the Senate Indian Affairs Committee , Doolittle was associated with an investigation into the Abramoff gambling scandals .
Julie Doolittle , his wife , owned a Conservative fundraising firm , Sierra Dominion Financial Solutions .
The firm had been tied to Abramoff 's law firm , Greenberg Traurig .
This week , Kevin Ring , a gambling lobbyist also associated with Abramoff and who previously worked as an aide to Doolittle , quit his job with the law firm where he worked .
The infamous Jack Abramoff is currently serving a 5.5 year term for his involvement in the Florida - based SunCruz Casinos gambling fraud debacle .
A federal judge has granted him a hearing to determine a reduction in his sentence as a reward for his continued cooperation in the Department of Justice probe .
Since his conviction , Jack Abramoff has worked closely with Federal Investigators in an attempt at a reduced sentence .
April 19 , 2007
Posted By Terry Goodwin
Staff Editor , CasinoGamblingWeb.com
Source : www.casinogamblingweb.com
Here we see that 70.6 % of the money that the active duty troops gave to Presidential candidates in Q2 was to anti-war candidates ( the Democrats + Ron Paul ) .
Only 29.4 % was to pro-war candidates ( the other Republicans ) .
Why do the troops hate the troops ?
Some might say there is no such thing as “ too much butter , ” and i f they did say that , they would be correct .
But thanks to the fat - phobic society we live in , “ too much butter ” exists as a concept , causing even the most diehard butter fans to , at some point , wonder “ is that too much ? ” after adding a glob of butter to a …
Updated -
See bottom of post
Here at First Round Capital , we see a lot of business plans for consumer - facing internet services .
Most assume a significant portion of their revenue comes through advertising -- but almost all of them have a " premium / subscription " option .
Typically that subscription revenue accounts for 20 - 40 % of total revenue , and is based on a very low ( $ 1 - 5/ month ) subscription fee .
When asked to support these subscription revenues , entrepreneurs almost always say " well , it 's very cheap ( $ 2 a month ) and we 're only assuming 5 % of our users take advantage of it ) . "
On the surface , a reasonable position .
However , that is rarely how things play out .
Most entrepreneurs fall into the trap of assuming that there is a consistent elasticity in price - that is , the lower the price of what you 're selling , the higher the demand will be .
So you end up with hockey stick looking revenue charts that go up and to the right , all supported by an " it only costs $ 2 month " business plan .
The truth is , scaling from $ 5 to $ 50 million is not the toughest part of a new venture - it 's getting your users to pay you anything at all .
The biggest gap in any venture is that between a service that is free and one that costs a penny .
I can't think of a single premium service that has achieved truly viral distribution .
Can you ?
Consider the pay - per - download music sites of the late '90s .
None came even close to matching the widespread popularity of Napster or Kazaa .
By 2000 , Napster was estimated to have 40 million registered users , with as much as 80 % of external network traffic on colleges consisting of MP3 file transfers .
Kazaa has had almost 400 million downloads of its client to date .
Assuming 2 downloads per user that means around 20 % of all Internet users have downloaded Kazaa .
And the same phenomoenom is occuring now with movies via Bit Torrent -- as opposed to CinemaNow or MovieLink .
That 's the power of free .
At some point , the cost to acquire a paying customer is so high , it makes sense to consider shifting from a pay model to a free model .
In these cases , asking “ who would pay to reach these consumers ” ( or " who can subsidize these users ) creates an opportunity to build a more valuable business through the combination of exponential growth and targeted advertising .
This is what we 're seeing today with Jingle Networks , owners of 1-800 - FREE411 .
By harnessing the power of free 411 calls , Jingle has already managed to capture around 5 % of the overall 411 market .
And it 's interesting to note that " cheaper " directory assistence services such as Easy411 and 4114 Cheap existed for years before Jingle was conceived and have gone nowhere .
It happened in music .
It happened in movies .
And it 's happening in directory assitance .
Now I ’m looking for other industries that are going to be converted .
If you 've got a plan that uses the free model to get that first penny and disrupt an industry , I 'd love to hear about it .
It ’s a great way to shrink a market .
Update :
There have been a lot of wonderful comments / discussion about this post and I wanted to be sure I was clear on one point .
I am not advocating the death of premium services .
Nor am I stating that " free " is the penultimate business model .
Rather , my primary point was to state that many people ( mistakenly ) believe that getting a consumer to go from " free " to $ 1 / month is just as difficult as getting someone to go from $ 1 to $ 2 / month .
I think that there is a huge burden to getting a consumer to pay anything -- and entrepreneurs tend to underestimate the level of effort .
If you can deliver enough value to charge for your service -- and cost - effectively attract a large base of paying customers -- of course you should .
However , if you find that you are able to attract a large pool of free users , but can't convince enough of them to pay you -- perhaps you should look at other ways of extracting value .
GigaOm said it best :
5 min. fun with Euler
Project Euler is a site dedicated to Mathematics and Programming .
For fun , I just registered and looked at the 152 problems ( one more seems to be coming in 14 hours as announced by them ) using fast forward .
The problems seem very interesting .
I ’ve opened DrScheme and the easiest problem of all .
Easily I got the answer with :
( let loop ( [n 1 ] [ acc 0 ] ) ( cond [ ( >= n 1000 ) acc ] [ ( or ( zero ? ( remainder n 3 ) ) ( zero ? ( remainder n 5 ) ) ) ( loop (+ n 1 ) (+ acc n ) ) ] [ else ( loop (+ n 1 ) a cc ) ] ) ) )
But then I thought … what about a one liner ?
Also easy .
( require ( lib " compat.ss " ) ( lib " etc.ss " ) ( lib " list.ss " ) ) ( apply + ( filter ( λ ( n ) ( or ( zero ? ( remainder n 3 ) ) ( zero ? ( remainder n 5 ) ) ) ) ( build - list 999 1 + ) ) )
Ahgr , I want to go further so I just decided to generalize it to receive any number of possible divisors and any maximum value .
( require ( prefix srfi1 : ( lib " 1.ss " " srfi " ) ) ) ( define ( divisors - sum max . divisors ) ( let loop ( [n 1 ] [ acc 0 ] ) ( cond [ ( >= n max ) acc ] [ ( srfi1:any ( λ ( div ) ( zero ? ( remainder n div ) ) ) divisors ) ( loop (+ n 1 ) (+ acc n ) ) ] [ else ( loop (+ n 1 ) a cc ) ] ) ) )
So I decided to experiment with some numbers :
> ( time ( divisors - sum 100 3 5 ) ) cpu time : 0 real time : 0 gc time : 0 2318 > ( time ( divisors - sum 1000 3 5 ) ) ;; our case cpu time : 4 real time : 10 gc time : 0 233168 > ( time ( divisors - sum 10000 3 5 ) ) cpu time : 24 real time : 23 gc time : 0 23331668 > ( time ( divisors - sum 100000 3 5 ) ) cpu time : 224 real time : 231 gc time : 0 2333316668 > ( time ( divisors - sum 1000000 3 5 ) ) cpu time : 1544 real time : 1600 gc time : 40 233333166668 > ( time ( divisors - sum 10000000 3 5 ) ) cpu time : 12753 real time : 13296 gc time : 320 23333331666668
Well , what do you make up of the result ?
I ’m quite astonished .
I have not yet tried to prove it but it seems that for some reason the sum of all the numbers divisible by 3 or 5 below 10^n , for ( n >= 2 ) is a number whose value is composed by the digits : 2 3 ^( n - 1 ) 1 6 ^( n - 2 ) 8 where in this case k^( n ) means n repetitions of k .
The following function computes this number :
( define ( divisors - sum - 3 - 5 - for - 10 exp ) (+ 8 ( sum 1 ( - exp 2 ) ( λ ( i ) (* 6 ( expt 10 i ) ) ) ) ( expt 10 ( - exp 1 ) ) ( sum exp (- (* 2 exp ) 2 ) ( λ ( i ) (* 3 ( expt 10 i ) ) ) ) (* 2 ( expt 10 (- (* 2 exp ) 1 ) ) ) ) )
where sum is a trivial function which may be defined as :
( define ( sum init end proc ) ( let loop ( [ i init ] [ acc 0 ] ) ( if (> i end ) acc ( loop (+ i 1 ) (+ ( proc i ) a cc ) ) ) ) )
So I conjecture that :
(= ( divisors - sum - 3 - 5 - for - 10 i ) ( divisors - sum ( expt 10 i ) 3 5 ) ) , for i >= 2
This is what fun is all about ! :-)
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Permalink
' We can't cuddle her ' : Christine McGuinness says her three children ' do n't understand ' why they can't see her mum as she shields after breast cancer diagnosis
Post from the US Europe , Please Stop Moralizing
After SPIEGEL published a summary of European press reactions to the tragic shootings at Virginia Tech , our in - boxes were flooded with hundreds of letters from Americans who were angered by editorials critical of America 's lax gun policies .
Conservative blogs also stormed the barricades .
Here 's a compilation of some of the mails .
[ Re-posted in full from my Linked In blog post ]
Good morning world !
We are Senzing and this is a big week for us .
We ’ve been operating in stealth mode since August 2016 when we signed a unique partnership with IBM to license the G2 technology .
Following an additional year and a half of engineering , today I can confidently tell you that Senzing has the most advanced Entity Resolution technology on the planet .
Our new tag line Smarter Entity Resolution™ speaks to a slew of new advanced features like G2 ’s ability to self - tune and self - correct the past , all in real time .
G2 is Entity Resolution 2.0 .
What is Entity Resolution 2.0 ?
It ’s technology that determines who is who in your data .
Entity Resolution helps any organization , large or small , transform piles of identity data into actionable data that can be used for fraud detection , risk , marketing and just about everything .
Entity Resolution has been an expensive , complex and time - consuming practice to make work .
No more .
We reinvented Entity Resolution so that it no longer requires Entity Resolution experts .
Never has Entity Resolution been so easy to use .
Never has Entity Resolution been so affordable .
After creating five generations of Entity Resolution software over several decades , we ultimately decided a true next generation capability would require starting over from scratch .
In 2009 , nine years ago , we started designing G2 with Privacy by Design ( PbD ) being a first principle .
Now G2 is self - learning and self - correcting .
It ’s plug and play – you download the software , feed it your data , and run it at your location or on your cloud .
No training is required .
Anyone can use it .
We are very proud to introduce you to the first real - time machine learning Entity Resolution product on the market – G2 .
Who needs it ?
Financial services , marketing companies , law enforcement … anyone hunting bad guys , looking for fraud , interested in GDPR compliance , wanting to know customers better .
You need G2 .
More on G2 ’s approach to these use cases can be found on Senzing ’s website or in future blog posts .
Stay tuned .
The High Court of Australia has dismissed a bid by BP to have the green Pantone colour 348C used in its logo registered as its trademark .
BP 's barrister , David Shavin , requested leave to appeal the lower court 's decision that the company can't trademark the colour .
However , Justice William Gummow was skeptical : " It might be inherently adapted to mislead , might it not ? ...
What is nature [ sic ] and healthy about the production or consumption of petroleum products ? "
BP's Shavin asserted , " To the consumer in the context of oil , your Honour , green indicates BP , not environmental friendliness . "
Justice Michael Kirby commented that " it was a clever colour to have chosen so many years ago because it is now very much associated with the environmental movement . "
A majority of the three judges rejected BP 's application and awarded costs against the company .
Despite the setback , BP has registered the colour green in over 20 countries .
A traditional " last orders " bell is seen behind a bar in Victoria , central London , November 23 , 2005 .
Dutch students have developed powdered alcohol which they say can be sold legally to minors .
REUTERS / Toby Melville
AMSTERDAM ( Reuters ) - Dutch students have developed powdered alcohol which they say can be sold legally to minors .
The latest innovation in inebriation , called Booz2 Go , is available in 20 - gramme packets that cost 1 - 1.5 euros ( $ 1.35 - $ 2 ) .
Top it up with water and you have a bubbly , lime - colored and - flavored drink with just 3 percent alcohol content .
“ We are aiming for the youth market .
They are really more into it because you can compare it with Bacardi- mixed drinks , ” 20 - year - old Harm van Elderen told Reuters .
Van Elderen and four classmates at Helicon Vocational Institute , about an hour ’s drive from Amsterdam , came up with the idea as part of their final - year project .
“ Because the alcohol is not in liquid form , we can sell it to people below 16 , ” said project member Martyn van Nierop .
The legal age for drinking alcohol and smoking is 16 in the Netherlands .
In Germany , alcopops -- sweet drinks containing alcohol and in powder form -- caused quite a stir when launched on to the market .
Alcohol powder , classified as a flavoring , was sold in the United States three years ago .
The students said companies interested in making the product commercially could avoid taxes because the alcohol was in powder form .
A number of companies are interested , they said .
« Transformers One - Upmanship | Main | Mo Money , Mo Problems Giving It Away »
March 01 , 2007
Which Side Are You On ?
Megan and I have been through these woods before , but the question of card check essentially rests on the question of whether you think employers wield too much power in union elections , whether you believe union intimidation can match them , and whether you believe there are other measures capable of redress .
So let 's try it this way :
Things an Employer Can Do To Keep You From Joining A Union : Force you into captive meetings .
Threaten to close your plant / store / site .
Threaten to fire you .
Actually fire you .
Hire professional union busters .
Give preferential treatment , either through scheduling or promotion , to employees willing to identify union supporters .
Reduce the hours or inconveniently schedule suspected union supporters .
Fire union supporters .
Reassign you .
What Unions Can Do : Demand you join a union .
Ask you to join a union .
Threaten to screw you if you do n't support the union and one is created .
Notice the imbalance ?
Either side , of course , could go way outside the law and begin beating the shit out of you , or actually shooting at you , but that 's unlikely .
Further , survey evidence shows that workers feel much more intimidation from employers than union , even during card check elections .
The evidence of union intimidation simply is n't there .
The answer of individuals who have never before evinced any anxiety over the plight of organizers is that , fine , it 's true that employers wield too much power , but the right to a secret vote is inviolate and the answer is to increase employer penalties and reform the NLRB elections process .
This is a legitimate objection if and only if you 're willing to actually advocate for that outcome .
If you 're only willing to mention it as a counter - argument to card check , it is simply a diversionary tactic .
All that said , I 'd be perfectly happy with a grand compromise that fully leveled the NLRB process while preserving the secret ballot .
But that compromise is n't in the offing .
And given that employers have played with a stacked deck for far too long , I 'm willing to push things in the other direction and walk it back if the outcomes are undesirable .
But as it is , card check is a way to create more union members .
Those arguing against card check , by and large , do n't want this to happen .
I do want this to happen .
That 's what the argument is actually over .
Both sides , theoretically , could meet in the middle for reforms .
But that 's not what those claiming the middle are actually advocating .
Indeed ,
The Wall Street Journal reported on a potential compromise today , and noted a Chamber of Commerce spokesman promising " the Chamber and other business groups would fight the [ compromise ] binding - arbitration portion of the bill just as hard as the card - check rule . "
In the end , this is n't about voting processes .
Indeed , given how much both sides have at stake , and how much power employers naturally wield over employees , I 'm skeptical fair votes are even possible .
This is about unions vs. corporations .
The only question is which side are you on ?
March 1 , 2007 in Labor | Permalink
Comments
I have no problem with unions as long as a person that does n't wish to join is not prevented from working as in a right - to - work state .
It 's just as heinous to force workers one way as it is the other .
Posted by : Fred Jones | Mar 1 , 2007 9:13:34 AM
Interfering with freedom of association is more heinous than " forcing " union membership .
In non-RTW states , those who want to work in union shops but do n't want to be represented by the union can embrace that favorite refrain of corporate apologists and find another job .
Posted by : tps12 | Mar 1 , 2007 9:29:18 AM
Fred ,
God find me this massive number of workers who do n't want to join a union or engage in collective bargaining .
RTW is just another way of saying " shafting the workers " .
It more often results in a " right to be fired " than a " right to work " .
Posted by : soullite | Mar 1 , 2007 9:39:14 AM
Most anti-union articles that I have seen and heard are anecdotal , most pro-union articles have been backed up by court rulings .
It makes a difference to me .
I know it irks many of my contract labour friends that they have to pay union dues and receive few services but then it irks my union member friends that contract labour is used to bust the union .
Most of the anecdotes boil down to the company setting the contract employee up to fail , and most of the court rulings boil down to the company setting an employee , union or otherwise , up to fail .
On a fair playing field either option would work , but until management moves from " always taking things to court regardless of cost " to " negotiated settlements can work " , than I have to side with card checkng .
Posted by : Hawise | Mar 1 , 2007 9:47:43 AM
Ezra , that 's not quite accurate .
Companies in union campaigns are not known for slashing tires or writing threatening notes about peoples ' families , both of which are n't exactly unusual from the union side .
You 're also , unless my Labour Relations professor was lying to me , exaggerating what companies are allowed to say .
They can't threaten to close the plant if it unionises ; they * can * say that the union can't keep the plant from closing , or necessarily win the workers higher wages , both of which are true .
They can indeed force you into captive meetings . . . as long as it is during work hours and they are paying you to attend .
They can also , you may not be aware , " force you into captive typing and filing " and many other dire activities .
I 'm sure that companies do behave illegally during elections , ( as do unions ) but all of these other offenses are already illegal .
Complaints about these being " civil penalties " are lunatic .
* All * actions against corporations involve civil penalties .
Are you planning to put Wal - Mart in jail ?
There is considerable asymmetry in the kinds of pressure that are applied , and the threats of violence against individuals depending on how they vote are mostly on the union side .
Yes , card check would probably increase unionisation .
So would shooting people who oppose unions , but this is not a good reason to do it .
I 'm not interested in increasing or decreasing unionisation ; I 'm interested in finding out what workers want .
Forcing them to reveal their votes to their coworkers is not a good way to do that .
Posted by : Jane Galt | Mar 1 , 2007 9:55:46 AM
The corporations have all the leverage in any unionizing fight .
The cardcheck bill still would n't level the playing field , but it 's a start .
I 'm not quite sure how this bill could get past a veto , but it deserves a try .
As far as people who do n't want to join a union , tough .
We all have to live with majority decisions we do n't support .
Posted by : MaryT | Mar 1 , 2007 9:58:56 AM
A friend , who is a full time student , attended a campus sponsored job fair yesterday to find a part - time job that would supplement his income while in school .
Approaching BellSouth , he inquired about part - time jobs in their local call center .
" Our contract with the union does not allow part - time jobs " was the response .
Pardon me , but whatever you want to say about employers , the fact is that unions have a vested interest in preserving their members ' jobs , at the expense of everyone else .
It 's just another vested interest guarding its turf .
There is no nobility to the notion of union labor , just as there is no predominant movement on the part of employers to screw employees .
This is all about power , not the interests of employees .
Posted by : Agricola | Mar 1 , 2007 10:01:34 AM
Companies in union campaigns are not known for slashing tires or writing threatening notes about peoples ' families , both of which are n't exactly unusual from the union side .
And the evidence for this .
. .?
Ezra 's point is not that threatening to close a factory that unionizes is somehow legal .
The point here is that the company , if it chooses to make this ( illegal , to be sure ) threat , has far greater power to influence workers than a union does .
Let us assume that corporations and unions engage in the same amount of illegal activities to pressure workers to their side .
Let us assume , even , that unions engage in more of this activity than corporations .
In such a scenario , the corporation still has greater power to influence its workers ' decisions regarding unionization .
At any rate , the idea that allowing card - check authorization of union representation will result in greater " union intimidation " is laughable .
It 's merely something that makes it a bit easier for employees to unionize , something that makes corporations so scared they are willing to employ unrealistic nightmare scenarios to oppose it .
Posted by : Stephen | Mar 1 , 2007 10:09:43 AM
Agricola ,
If you friend only needs a part - time job to supplement his income while attending school full - time , perhaps he does n't need a job as much as the primary breadwinner for a family of four .
He can go work for McDonalds .
If he 's too good for that or something , he can just go back to his dorm or whatever and whine on his Myspace page about the unfairness of the world while listening to My Chemical Romance .
there is no predominant movement on the part of employers to screw employees .
You are , apparently , unfamiliar with the idea of " profit " and the easiest ways to increase it .
Posted by : Stephen | Mar 1 , 2007 10:14:13 AM
Actually , Jane Galt makes some compelling points , but only if you accept her assertions as facts .
The truth is , that the laws heavily favor the corporations .
Most states have " at - will " termination laws .
Employers do n't need a reason to fire you .
When anyone even discusses supporting a union , they can be fired without reason even though the real reason was union support .
Non-union companies here in Michigan have used plant closing rumors to stop unionizing drives .
They do n't have to say anything officially , shop floor rumors are more believable than management announcements .
When the unions do appeal to labor boards , they usually lose .
National and state labor boards are appointed by politicians who are rewarding their donors - corporate PACs .
Posted by : MaryT | Mar 1 , 2007 10:22:10 AM
It 's interesting that even with Mr. Klein noting that " Either side , of course , could go way outside the law , " that some people still fail to grasp how many of the techniques on the employer list are legal , while slashing tires is not .
As Stephen astutely notes , even if one restricted oneself to illegal acts by both sides , employers come out ahead .
However , the fact that intimidation that is legal under current law is " countered " by invoking intimidation techniques that are patently illegal seems to bear out Mr. Klein 's point that the anti-union side is n't actually interested in compromise or worker rights .
Or have there been protests conducted by card check opponents against the weakening of the NLRB , and I 've just missed them ?
Posted by : mds | Mar 1 , 2007 10:25:57 AM
Jane :
You have one person in your comments saying someone slashed his bike tires , I 'm not exactly sure it 's a common tactic ( or even true in his case ) .
And , as you say , slashing tires is already illegal , etc .
Meanwhile : 30 % of corporations actually fire union supporters during organizing campaigns .
49 % threaten to close the work site .
51 % promise preferential treatment to individuals who oppose the union or identify supporters .
82 % hire unionbusting consultants ( and what do you think they advise to do , if not the preceding actions ? ) .
91 % force one - on - one meetings with supervisors to " talk " folks out of unions .
So those are the numbers .
They 're all documented here ( pdf ) .
How many folks , exactly , would you say get their tires slashed ?
Oh , and the problem with the penalties is n't that they 're civil suits , it 's that they 're too low .
It 's a good business decision to pay $ 5,000 for firing a union supporter , as you well know .
And as for your last point , on your interest in finding out what workers want , this goes back to one of the points in my post :
You 've argued against card check to me many times , and posted against it as well .
So far as I know , you 've never uttered an unprompted word of concern about employer intimidation .
That 's fine , it may not be high on your list of worries .
But nor is finding out what workers really want .
As I 've said before , if there really were some viable constituency to create a fair and honest NLRB elections scheme , I 'd be for it .
But there is n't .
This is a fight between labor and corporations , and you , and , I , have , by our actions and writings , indeed chosen sides .
Posted by : Ezra | Mar 1 , 2007 10:29:43 AM
A Stephen notes , it should be pointed out that despite claims from Jane Galt and the corporate opposition to majority signup , there is very , very little evidence to back up their hysterical claims of tire - slashing and intimidation by prounion workers .
( Ezra 's already linked to data indicating that workers feel less intimidation in a majority signup process . )
For another example of how flimsy this claim is , read the testimony given by the antiunion workers who were presented at the House hearings by the National Right to Work Committee : http://www.nrtw.org/b/nr_596.php
The most they can complain about is that prounion people called them at home , knocked on their door , or tried to talk to them during a break at work .
This is a long way from tire slashing , and presumably the Right to Work Committee worked hard to find the scariest example of union intimidation out there .
These were the worst examples they could come up with !
Jane scoffs at whether allowing employers to require workers to hear their antiunion message is important , but that 's willfully ignoring how unbalanced the current election process is .
Unions are limited to calling people at home and knocking on doors , which is an incredibly slow , tedious , and inefficient way to get a message out .
An election where one side is allowed unlimited access to voters and can require voters to listen to its message -- while the other choice 's access is severely limited -- is inherently flawed .
Notice that corporations try to have it both ways on this issue .
First they try to the waters by saying that " hey , unions have access , too .
They can reach people at home . "
Then , when prounion workers attempt to visiit coworkers at home , the corporations accuse the workers of trying to intimidate people !
( See the Right to Work testimony above . )
Posted by : Brendan Sexton | Mar 1 , 2007 10:35:30 AM
You 're also , unless my Labour Relations professor was lying to me , exaggerating what companies are allowed to say .
They can't threaten to close the plant if it unionises ; they * can * say that the union can't keep the plant from closing , or necessarily win the workers higher wages , both of which are true .
LOL .
I do n't know if I should take this only a little seriously , or not at all .
Literally true , yes , but so what ?
A manager or owner cannot say " If you form a union , we 're closing this plant and moving our operations out of state . "
He or she can , however , say " Lovely little factory you 've got here , it would be such a shame if it were to close next year for no reason at all .
Or , um , if productivity suddenly failed to meet our goals [ which , incidentally , may double due to the additional paperwork if you unionize . ]
Yeah , that 's it . "
Legally the distinction is important , of course .
But in practical terms , owners may not be able to " threaten to close the plant , " but do you really , honestly believe that they can't threaten to close the plant ?
Posted by : Cyrus | Mar 1 , 2007 10:39:53 AM
Agricola :
BellSouth entered into a contract with its employees , who presumably thought it was a good idea to have full - time jobs and voted to negotiate and approve a contract that made that work full - time .
The employees would have been free to reject the contract if they were hungry to see more part - time jobs created for college kids .
BellSouth 's management also legally approved the contract .
Corporations make contracts with other entities all the time , and those contracts include terms that affect the nature of work for employees .
What if your friend had said : " I 'd like a job in your call center , and I demand that you give me a brand new Apple iMac to manage my calls .
BellSouth could point out , I assume , that it 's entered into a contract with HP ( or whoever ) to be its exclusive supplier of call center computers , and working with one of those computers is part of the job there .
Would you think that this is an example of an unjust power grab by HP ( or whoever ) ?
Coporations negotiate exclusive arrangements with each other every day , and free market conservatives do n't seem to mind .
But when employees negotiate some sort of terms , suddenly we 're on the doorstep of totalitarianism .
Posted by : Brendan Sexton | Mar 1 , 2007 10:50:01 AM
This is kind of a side issue but : the notion that secret ballots are an essential part of any democratic process is kind of silly .
Both houses of Congress take votes without secret ballots , but this does not mean they are undemocratic .
The Electoral College elects the President without secret ballots .
The Iowa Caucus does not provide secret ballots to its participants .
New England town meetings , where they still exist , do not use secret ballots .
There is simply no shortage of examples of democratic decision making that do not feature secret ballots .
I would also note that Federal and state elections in the US did not use a secret ballot until ( roughly ) 1884 .
Were the elections of Washington , Jefferson , Jackson , and Lincoln therefore travesties of democracy ?
Posted by : Rich C | Mar 1 , 2007 11:28:19 AM
Stephen and Brendan ,
" He can go work for McDonalds .
If he 's too good for that or something , he can just go back to his dorm or whatever and whine on his Myspace page about the unfairness of the world while listening to My Chemical Romance . "
" BellSouth entered into a contract with its employees , who presumably thought it was a good idea to have full - time jobs and voted to negotiate and approve a contract that made that work full - time .
The employees would have been free to reject the contract if they were hungry to see more part - time jobs created for college kids .
BellSouth 's management also legally approved the contract . "
Great level of discourse .
What if I told you he was a 28 year old vet with a family ?
Would that make his decision not to work at McDonalds or not whine on YourSpace any more believable .
Sheesh ......
And do n't try to tell me that the management at BellSouth did not want part - timers , the union forced it on them .
Posted by : Agricola | Mar 1 , 2007 12:13:01 PM
This is one of those non-issues .
On one side you have people putting forth their case in , well , less than utterly forthright terms using slippery legal language and the force of money and power and on the other side , well , not much really .
The sad thing about unions is that the unions that flourished in the first half and through the middle of the previous century turned out to be so much like the corporate entities they were suppoedly insulating their workers from .
I do n't know what the solution to that is but I know what it is not .
The solution is not busting unions .
Posted by : ice weasel | Mar 1 , 2007 12:14:33 PM
What if I told you he was a 28 year old vet with a family ?
Sorry that I assumed he was a 19 - year - old college student .
However , he still was looking for part - time work .
I 've been a 32 - year - old with a family , going to school and working at Starbucks with 16 - year - olds .
You know , cleaning toilets , dealing with customers , emptying wastebaskets .
I would have liked some other jobs , but it worked around my schedule and I happen to really , really like coffee .
If Starbucks had n't worked out , I probably would have gone to UPS and slung boxes onto semi trucks .
I 've been a janitor , a night clerk for a hotel , a courier .
So forgive me for not being very sad about your friend who can't have the exact job he wants because the SBC ( AT&T now ) union set it up so they only have full - time jobs .
Cry me a river .
Posted by : Stephen | Mar 1 , 2007 12:29:11 PM
This is a legitimate objection if and only if you 're willing to actually advocate for that outcome .
If you 're only willing to mention it as a counter - argument to card check , it is simply a diversionary tactic .
So does Megan advocate it or not ?
Megan ?
The only question is which side are you on ?
A bit of an exaggeration .
I favor more union members and a secret ballot .
Lots of people do , I suspect .
The needed compromise may not be in the offing , but it 's not clear card check is in the offing either , as long as the argument over secret ballots is allowed to derail it .
If card check can pass for now , then that 's improvement , but either way I think we see where we need to go .
That business opposes binding arbitration in some particular compromise proposal does n't show that a compromise on card check / snap secret ballot would n't still pass where card check alone will not .
Rich , our representatives have public ballots because they represent us and are accountable to us .
Otherwise they would use secret ballots .
Posted by : Sanpete | Mar 1 , 2007 12:32:03 PM
Oh , and the problem with the penalties is n't that they 're civil suits , it 's that they 're too low .
So the solution to this is ... to help union thugs take tire irons to union opponents .
A better solution : raise the penalties .
Posted by : A.S. | Mar 1 , 2007 2:03:33 PM
Agricola :
( Seriously : no offense to your friend .
He deserves credit for his service and I hope his family is well and the job search is successful . )
To continue my metaphor ... if HP is charging BellSouth $ 500 per workstation , do n't tell me that BellSouth would n't have preferred to pay $ 250 per workstation .
But it agreed to $ 500 per station through a process of negotiation , and agreed to those terms .
Does that mean that HP " forced " a $ 500 cost " on them ? "
Similarly , BellSouth agreed to terms with its workers about the how the work would be done through a process of negotiation , and agreed to those terms .
Insurance companies negotiate prices and terms with hospitals .
Retailers negotiate prices and terms with wholesalers .
Executives negotiate compensation and contract terms with boards of directors .
Etc .
Why is it in your eyes that union members suddenly " force " terms " on " their employer when they negotiate over the terms of their work ?
Posted by : Brendan Sexton | Mar 1 , 2007 2:08:18 PM
So the solution to this is ... to help union thugs take tire irons to union opponents .
No , no , no .
The solution is to help union thugs slash the tires of union opponents .
Really , y'all need to keep your unfounded anecdotal accusations consistent within each comment thread .
. .
Posted by : Stephen | Mar 1 , 2007 2:53:40 PM
The point about NLRB unfair labor practice findings is that the remedy for them is extremely limited - solely back wages .
So , if Company X fires all of the labor organizers within its factory , the most onerous threat that it faces ( if the employee follows through the years of legal wrangling ) is to pay back wages , re-hire and re-run the election .
There are no fines and no punitive damages .
If a company simply applies a cost - benefit analysis ( without concern for violating the law ) , it is almost always advantageous to fire all the organizers .
Posted by : Ephus | Mar 1 , 2007 5:12:33 PM
What can unions do to encourage membership ?
How about beat you to a pulp ?
From Professor Bainbridge 's blog .
According to the National Institute for Labor Relations Research ( NILRR ) , more than 10,000 incidents of union violence have been reported in America 's newspapers , and on television and radio , since 1975 .
But media - reported union violence constitutes only the tip of the iceberg .
Samplings of police and company records collected by NILRR and other scholars indicate that 80 - 90 % of violent union incidents are never reported in the media .
( Link )
Posted by : NCW | Mar 1 , 2007 5:52:41 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
Images from the small Central American country of Belize .
UPDATE !!
This site was inhert for last couple of months .
I will start to work on it soon .
Firstly , I need to clean old posts , please help me out to by commenting on non-working posts
The World Wildlife Federation launched a new street campaign in China in January that shows just how much pollution one car produces .
The 23 - foot balloon not only puts a spotlight on individual pollution , but also drives traffic to WWF ’s new site that gives 20 tips on how each person can cut their own pollution by 20 percent .
This PSA reminded me of several others I wrote about in Wired ‘s now defunt Metrophile blog .
I ’ve decided to repost here so people who had n’t seen these creative campaigns could take a look .
PSA ’s are one area of marketing that requires a lot of creativity for people to listen and I think organizations are not only starting to take notice but they ’re starting to get the creative manpower ( at cost ) that they need to make a mark .
On March 6th , a month shy of the 1906 earthquake anniversary , the Bay Area Chapter of the American Red Cross partnered up with advertising company Publicis & Hal Riney for their latest campaign .
The Prepare Bay Area project attempts to raise awareness on the importance of disaster preparedness .
According to the Red Cross , only 6 - percent of people are prepared for a natural disaster in the Bay Area , which led to an aggressive push by the non-profit to literally show people what to expect when the big one hits .
And it ’s not just the big one we should be prepared for .
“ Disasters come in all shapes and sizes , ” says Prepare Bay Area spokesperson Michael Patrick .
“ Even though our thrust in this particular campaign is earthquakes , the American Red Cross responds to all kinds of disasters including rock slides , floods , and fires . ”
Which means the preparing you do for an earthquake — make a plan , create a water , food , and first aid kit , and get trained — can help whether you ’re in an earthquake , tornado , hurricane , or even , a terrorist attack .
“ With Hal Riney we ’re really shaking things up a bit .
There was some concern over should the Red Cross take this sort of stance , because it ’s a little too in your face and the American Red Cross should really be there to help .
One of the reasons we gave this a shot is because folks were n’t listening , ” explains Patrick .
Well now they are .
The campaign has been well received not only in the Bay Area , but across the nation and even across the Atlantic as blogs , newschannels , and magazines such as Metropolis and Creativity publish the artwork , inadvertantly spreading the PSA .
Four projects have debuted so far .
The first was a two - sided mobile billboard parked on Market Street , in front of the Ferry Building .
From one side you see the Ferry Building in shambles and from the other you see Market Street torn up by the fictitious quake .
The copy reads , “ What do we have to do to get your attention ?
Be prepared . ”
The billboards ’ interaction with real architecture reminds me of the Melbourne house I posted about earlier this month .
While the billboard was parked , the Red Cross passed out empty water bottles that read , “ Try living on this for three days . ”
Faux Earthquake Early Warning System alarms ( a riff on the Tsunami early warning systems that have been implemented in the Pacific ) were installed as well .
The Red Cross also used Craigslist to spread the word on the importance of keeping your home up to code .
They posted a fake ad for an apartment that hinted at what your home could look like if you do n’t take the right precautions .
The posting has since come down , but Metrophile scored screenshots .
Next up is a print campaign , which Metrophile got an exclusive look at .
[ Click on the images to get a larger look . ]
The seismograph etching says , “ Oh look honey , a pasta maker that ’s fun , we totally need …. an emergency disaster kit !
Do we have a disaster kit ?!… Only 6 % of people in the Bay Area are prepared for an earthquake . ”
“ We should definitely take this ballroom dancing class .
That would be so…stupid !
Why did n’t we take a first aid course ?!
What do we do ?!… Only 6 % of people in the Bay Area are prepared for an earthquake . ”
“ Where ’s the remote ?
It was right here .
Honey where ’s …Justin !
Does he know what to do ?!
Did we ever talk about this ?!… Only 6 % of people in the Bay Area are prepared for an earthquake . ”
[ Photos : Publicis & Hal Riney ]
This is n’t the end of the campaign .
Over the course of the year the Bay Area Chapter is planning on creating some guerilla campaigns in the streets of San Francisco , as well as TV adverts .
Scared yet ?
Here are a few others I ’ve found .
Does anybody know when this David Lynch PSA aired ?
The bike gang looks very 80s .
Oh Sonny Bono… He may not be high on pot in this PSA but he ’s definitely high .
And now for the Debbie Downer .
According to this Youtube poster the following is airing on Arabic channels to dissuade people from becomming suicide bombers .
It ’s grim , but it also has a really weird aesthetic .
I do n’t know if it ’s because of the low quality graphics , but it has a strange 2 - D quality reminiscent of old Aeon Flux episodes .
And nothing beats Edward Norton ’s PSA found on the Fight Club DVD .
No one .
And finally , the very NSFW PSA after the jump
This is from a French AIDS campaign .
Yowza !
[ thanks WFMU ]
So let me introduce you to Andy Bichlbaum and Mike Bonanno , The Yes Men .
Before I get to the Exxon bit - which is current - let 's take a stroll through the Wikipedia entry for this scurrilous pair ...
One of The Yes Men 's first pranks was the satirical website [ www.gwbush.com], established for the 2000 presidential election to draw attention to alleged hypocrisies on Bush 's actual website .
When asked about the site in a press conference on May 21 , 1999 , Bush responded that the website had gone too far in criticizing him , and that " there ought to be limits to freedom . "
In 2004 , The Yes Men went on tour posing as the group " Yes , Bush Can ! " encouraging supporters to sign a " Patriot Pledge " agreeing to keep nuclear waste in their backyard and send their children off to war .
They appeared at the 2004 Republican National Convention and drove across the country at first in an RV with a George W. Bush body wrap , and then in a painted van .
In 2000 , these guys had already seen the future ...
They tried to warn us ...
Since then , they have been incredibly active .
I 'm not going to recite everything they 've done right now , but there is one pretty extraordinary action you should know about .
Once again , a huge company has brought the weight of their entire legal corps to bear on progressive activists .
Let me pause here to note this :
This product is something that you would never expect to see developed by government or in socialist states .
This kind of innovation is bold and risky and something that only happens when free markets are allowed unfettered freedom to flourish without the restrictive and limiting straight - jacket of a burdensome regulatory state watching over their shoulder at every turn .
In the end , this bold initiative , this willingness to take risk ... well , it brings us all new products that would have been scarcely imaginable by previous generations .
Progress !
Witness :
While showing this video , two representatives passed out candles and matches .
As people lit the candles , the smell of burning human hair became quite apparent .
Vivoleum has n't quite been perfected yet , but it 's prototypical use as a fuel has been clearly established ...
Of course , the YesMen were removed from the stage .
The conference organizers attempted to have them arrested , but were unsuccessful .
ExxonMobil , assumably , did find success when they contacted the YesMen 's service provider with a demand that the Vivoleum website be discontinued .
The Yes Men's Vivoleum.com Forced Offline
On June 15th , one day after the Yes Men made a joke announcement in Calgary at Canada 's largest oil conference that ExxonMobil plans to turn billions of climate - change victims into a brand - new fuel called Vivoleum , the Yes Men 's upstream internet service provider shut down Vivoleum.com , the Yes Men 's spoof website , and cut off the Yes Men 's email service , in reaction to a complaint whose source they will not identify .
The provider , Broadview Networks , also made the Yes Men remove all mention of Exxon from TheYesMen.org before they 'd restore the Yes Men 's email service .
The Yes Men assume the complainant was Exxon .
" Since parody is protected under US law , Exxon must think that people seeing the site will think Vivoleum 's a real Exxon product , not just a parody , " said Yes Man Mike Bonanno .
" Exxon 's policies do already contribute to 150,000 climate - change related deaths each year , " added Yes Man Andy Bichlbaum .
" So maybe it really is credible .
What a resource ! " ...
Broadview did restore both IPs after the Vivoleum.com website was completely disabled and all mention of Exxon was removed from TheYesMen.org .
So here 's what I think we need to do ...
First of all , I now have in my possession the site files for Vivoleum.com - the " disappeared " site .
I 'd like to pass them off to somebody that is willing to host them for others to download .
I 'm hoping we can seed this site across the internet and make ExxonMobils lawyers chase thousands of us ...
Secondly , and as importantly , I 've agreed to promote the YEsMen to the blogosphere .
( Full disclosure : I will be compensated for my efforts .
Because I 've got a ton of ideas for activist work , and no funds to implement said ideas , I 've been brainstorming means of financing the activism I want to do .
One of those ideas was to leverage my previous work and name recognition in the blogosphere .
SO I reached out to the YesMen - who are genuine heroes to me - to see if I could help them promote themselves to an incredible concentration of like - minded souls .
They said Yes ( of course ) and now , here we are . )
Unfortunately , their incredible work is largely unknown to many of us .
They 've already made one movie ( which you can buy here - along with t- shirts and other oddities ) , and they are in the process of making another .
These guys are completely self - funded .
Their last movie cost them $ 400,000 .
They just cannot afford to do this activist work or make these movies without people willing to invest in them .
I asked them if a donation of $ 25 would get your name placed in the credit roll .
The said , you guessed it , " Yes " .
I asked them if people could invest in their film .
I do n't have details of how it would work , but I assume this movie will cost less than $ 1,000,000 to make .
If you invest $ 10,000 and the movie makes $ 20,000,000 ... well , I think you 'd probably realize a pretty substantial return on your investment .
Go here if you are interested .
If you do n't want your name in the credit rolls and you do n't have a few thousand dollars to invest ...
But you want to see their activism continue ...
Well , you can donate here .
These guys are two of the most creative activists I 've ever witnessed .
Help them punish Exxon , and please , consider helping them get their next movie made .
Thanks !
Last updated at 10:03 11 July 2006
The world 's first three - dimensional crop circle has been discovered deep in the English countryside , sparking the start of the corn circle season .
Experts have been left in awe of the intricacy of the latest sighting , which is 360 - feet in diameter , on a wheat field in Oxfordshire .
The formation gives an impression of looking down on skyscrapers from above and was only spotted last week by a microlite pilot .
Steve Alexander , a crop circle photographer of more than 15 years , said : " I thought it was a groundbreaking formation .
We have not seen anything like it before .
" The floor lay and the way the design appears to weave in and out has never been seen before , certainly not that I am aware .
" It is the first of its kind and is a very , very powerful thing to look at .
" There is a lot of symbolic number play at work here .
The square in ancient times represented the material world .
" The move from a two - dimensional square into a three - dimensional cube might indicate that these patterns emanate from a dimension of reality we cannot access .
" Of late the crop circles seem concerned with the moving of one dimension into another .
This is perhaps one of the most striking and overt expressions of that idea to date .
" The crop circle community is very excited about this event . "
The site is less than a quarter of a mile from the Uffington White Horse and Wayland 's Smithy , a Neolithic burial chamber built in 3700 and 3400 BC .
Slow season
Crop circles are often found near ancient sites but the significance of this particular design has been increased by the fact this has been the slowest season for more than ten years .
Steve , 34 , of Gosport , Hants , added : " It has been a slow start , one of the quietest years since 1993 which makes it even more impressive .
" I have been studying them since the late eighties and it is one of the best two formations I have ever seen .
" A lot of people are getting very excited at something so unique and I cannot wait to visit it at ground level . "
Some residents in the nearby village of Ashbury have claimed it to be a hoax due to the nature of the way the sighting spread across the Internet once it had been discovered .
Within hours sites dedicated to crop circles had featured it on their pages and it quickly became the talk of the crop circle community .
Steve said : " It is very difficult to say what it 's purpose is and how it got there but how could somebody create such an intricate design overnight .
" They would have seven hours of darkness to cut it in the wheat and such a formation would be near on impossible to create in such a small space of time . "
The Neolithic bones were discovered at Wayland 's Smithy
Remains of 14 people were discovered at Wayland 's Smithy , near Uffington White Horse , Oxfordshire , in the 1960s .
Latest techniques date the bones at between 3590 BC and 3560 BC , and have led experts to believe the people may have died in a Neolithic Age massacre .
English Heritage carried out the work with the help of Cardiff University and the University of Central Lancashire .
Flint arrowhead
Michael Wysocki of the University of Central Lancashire says the findings suggest the Neolithic Age was more violent than previously thought .
This dating programme demands a revolution in our thinking about prehistory
Alex Bayliss
English Heritage
The victims - three of them probably killed by arrows - could have died in a rush for land or livestock , he added .
He said : " We know one person was shot through the lower abdomen because we have found the tiny tip of a flint arrowhead embedded in their pelvic bone .
" We also know that the bodies of two people were scavenged and partially dismembered by dogs or wolves before their remains were buried in the monument .
" All this new evidence suggests that the period between 3625 BC and 3590 BC may have been one of increasing social tension and upheaval . "
Revealing comparisons
The research also indicates that the use of Neolithic long barrows was short - lived - and did not take place over hundreds of years as previously thought .
English Heritage radiocarbon dating expert Alex Bayliss said : " With this research , we can now think about the Neolithic period in terms of individuals and communities and make useful and revealing comparisons between their choices and behaviour in the remote past .
" This dating programme demands a revolution in our thinking about prehistory and not just that of early Neolithic burial monuments in southern Britain . "
P ilots for 9/11 Truth is an organization of aviation professionals and pilots throughout the globe who have gathered together for one purpose .
We are committed to seeking the truth surrounding the events of the 11th of September 2001 .
Our main focus concentrates on the four flights , maneuvers performed and the reported pilots .
We do not offer theory or point blame at this point in time .
However , we are focused on determining the truth of that fateful day based on solid data and facts -- since 9/11/2001 is the catalyst for many of the events shaping our world today -- and the United States Government does not seem to be very forthcoming with answers or facts .
We do not accept the 9/11 Commission Report -- a Commission admittedly " set up to fail " according to the Chairman himself , nor " hypothesis " as a satisfactory explanation for the continued gross violation (s ) of the United States Constitution being committed by Government agencies , and the sacrifice every American has made and continue to make -- some more than others .
W e stand with the numerous other growing organizations of Firefighters , Medical Professionals , Lawyers , Scholars , Military Officers , Veterans , Religious and Political Leaders , along side Survivors , family members of the victims -- family members of soldiers who have made the ultimate sacrifice -- including the many Ground Zero workers who are now ill or have passed away , when we ask for a true , new independent investigation into the events of 9/11 .
Thank you for taking the time to inform yourself .
_______________________________________________________________
Home / Career / 10 Lies Big Companies Tell Their Employees
10 Lies Big Companies Tell Their Employees
We ’re Working On It
Managers are busy ; they often have one million requests in queue .
Whatever it is might be “ on their list ” but they can only do one thing at a time .
Often “ we ’re working on it ” means we know about it and should do something about it but do n’t have time so we ’ll put you off until you drop it or forget about it .
Its Only Temporary
Companies tell you this to ease the transition during times of change ; they do n’t really know if it ’s temporary or not .
If it works out in their favor it will likely end up being permanent .
I Do n’t Know
Often there are times when a manager does know something ; they just do n’t want to tell you for one reason or another .
I ’d rather them say they know but ca n’t or wo n’t tell me than lie to my face .
Its Company Policy
This one is just as infuriating as when you asked your mom or dad why and the response was , because we say so and we ’re your parents .
Any company can make exceptions to their own rules .
They encourage “ thinking out of the box ” when it comes to saving or making the company money but when it comes to company policy for employees they like to keep you trapped in the box .
More Money Wo n’t Make You Happy
My boss once said something to the effect of , “ I ca n’t make them happy by giving them more money .
If they do n’t like it here , they ’ll leave eventually ” .
What managers really mean , “ it ’s not worth it to us to pay you that much ” .
Companies can’t motivate you with money and still make their corporate profit targets so they use lame replacements such as occasional pizza parties or Hawaiian shirt Fridays .
We Want You to Have a Life Outside Work
Oh , by the way .
The client moved up the deadline , I need those TPS reports by tonight , and it ’s your week to carry the pager .
Enough said .
The Customer is Always Right
Sometimes the customer is misguided or misinformed .
Other times what they ’re asking for just is n’t worth it for the company or for your time .
However , in an effort to appease the customer at all costs , managers will do whatever it takes , including asking you to work all hours .
We Reward Excellence
This one is more a bending of the truth than a lie .
The company may actually reward their top performers but often the reward is not commensurate with the effort you put in .
So while technically they do offer small rewards to some people , the majority of excellence you exhibit goes unrewarded .
Our Salaries are Competitive in the Market
Salaries are the biggest cost for most companies .
The 80/20 rules says you get your biggest cost savings from 20 percent of your expenses so some companies keep those salaries as low as they can .
The keep the salaries low enough to meet their earnings reports but just high enough to keep you working there .
Hope You Enjoy Your Vacation
How many times have you worked a 60 hour week before you went on vacation to finish up lose ends and then a 60 hour week when you got back to catch up on what you missed ?
Unless my math is wrong , I still worked the same number of hours , just distributed them differently .
The company gives you the time off but does n’t give you time to take it .
In case you could n’t tell , sometimes I get a little fed up with life in a big corporation .
Thanks for letting me vent !
What are some other tall tales you ’ve heard from Mr. Lundberg , aka your boss ?
This news originated in the blog of a well - meaning bloke calling himself Anarchist Orthodox , who announced his intention to stop buying Lebanese hash , " effective immediately " .
This act of selflessness is obviously aimed at making Sheikh Nasrallah and his ilk think twice before messing with Israel .
Furthermore , Anarchist Orthodox called for the legalisation of marijuana , which , he explained , would cut our dependency on imported goods .
One need n't be a Middle East expert to recognise the holes in this idea .
Even moderate experience of being a pothead , or an Israeli , would suffice .
It is true that Nasrallah has his ear tuned to the finest details of Israel 's leisure culture .
The man made a career based on the idea of Israel being a " spider web society " , soaked so deeply in hedonism , decadence and debauchery that it is ripe and ready to crumble at the touch of a broomstick .
Indeed , it seems that the hash - boycott sanction stands little chance of success .
Israelis are infamous for being rubbish at alcohol consumption , but what we forgo in booze we more than compensate for with the spliffy side of things .
It is almost unthinkable for Israelis to come home after a hard day 's work and pour themselves a glass of wine , but among secular Israelis from the ages of 20 to 45 , rolling a joint under such circumstances is not generally frowned on .
Unlike Britons , Israelis are not keen on cocaine .
We have little need or desire to consume a drug that makes us even cockier and more arrogant .
It is chilling out a bit , relaxing , calming down , that we crave .
Like anywhere else in the world where marijuana is banned by law , however , Israelis do n't purchase their gear in air - conditioned supermarkets .
Tel Aviv may be one of the hippest cities around the Mediterranean , and it is open 24 hours , but it is not Amsterdam .
One basically smokes what one can get from that friend of a friend who knows a sort of a dealer who knows a real dealer and the supply is dependent on activity in neighbouring countries .
So when the Egyptian police raid the fields of northern Sinai and demolish the livelihood of the nomad Bedouins there , there will be a shortage of weed ; when the border with Lebanon is tense and heavily patrolled by the police , there will be less hashish .
Such is the uncertainty of supply that the chances of a pothead ( or satlan , as they are known in Hebrew ) halting pre-inhalation to check the origins of the stash are as ludicrous as the idea that an hour later , when succumbing to a full - on attack of the munchies , he or she would reject a bar of chocolate because its packaging was tested on animals .
No way , man .
It seems , at any rate , that if there is a drug - related problem with Israel 's recent invasion of Lebanon , it does not have much to do with the hash coming in from Lebanon , but with the fungi seemingly mushrooming around the Cabinet buildings .
Because only hallucinogens could have invoked the notion that another " limited " invasion and air blitz on Lebanon could solve Israel 's problems with its neighbours .
QR Code Link to This Post
You arrive on time .
You ’re grumpy .
You sign in , and sit down in the waiting room .
If it ’s your general practitioner ’s office ; there is always some old person hacking up a lung next to you , or some kid with a runny nose pawing every single outdated magazine he can get his grubby little hands on .
If it ’s your ob / gyn office ; there are two other women there , one is so pregnant she looks like she ’s going to pop , and the other one is glaring at her .
You fill out a page or two , and then read your magazine .
You wait .
Promptly ( after about 40 minutes ) , an exhausted looking nurse in scrubs pokes her head out from the doorway and calls your name .
You are led into the back , where you are put into a tiny exam room , and handed an over - washed blanket with frayed edges and a paper device , which you discover is a small vest that serves no purpose .
You undress completely , tug on the paper vest , which does nothing to cover your breasts unless you hold the sides there .
The linoleum is cold and sticky — you put your socks back on .
You are told to sit on the table — so you do , annoyed by the paper sticking to your butt .
You drape yourself with the blanket …
You wait .
The nurse comes back in , leaving the door wide open long enough for everyone at the records desk to see you sitting there in your paper vest and your blanket , your socked feet poking out from beneath .
Dignity is everything here .
The nurse puts the blood - pressure sleeve on your arm , and nearly severs your limb off she pumps it up so high .
She asks you to stand on the scale , impatiently waiting for you to somehow cover yourself with the blanket .
All necessary data acquired , she swoops out again , making sure the door is nice and wide open so that the patients walking by on their way out get a really good look as you try , bare - assed , to get back onto the table and to sit on the crinkly paper …
You wait .
After what seems to be an eternity ; and you ’ve pretty much memorized the drug - company advertisements on the walls , and you ’ve swabbed your ears with a couple of the huge q-tips they have there , the doctor bursts in , clipboard in hand .
Never once , do they make eye contact with you , they ask questions , scribble , and then start the mechanical process of turning the innocuous examination table to an instrument of torture .
The stirrups are raised , the giant spotlight is turned on , and you are told to lie back … and get this … relax .
You feel your legs being lifted and your heels being jammed into the stirrups .
The rolling stool is pulled up , the doctor then has a tray of items brought in from the commercial freezer they keep in the back , and the spotlight is shone directly on your badge of womanhood .
Mask on , the doctor ratchets up the vagina - jack .
The moment you feel the cold metal on your personal property , you stiffen .
After being told to relax again , and you feel like the edge of each duckbill must be sharpened by Ginzu .
The doctor ’s hand then reaches up , and uses the ancient martial arts move called the ‘ touch of immense discomfort ’ which they are trained extensively to use at medical school by ninja masters .
They poke your belly a few times , and you stiffen , express your annoyance as politely as possible which they promptly dismiss with a mumble .
They then reach for the implements they need to tinker around inside you like a mechanic .
One quick finger up the anus , and voila .
They ’re done … some scribbling , with your hoohoo in the spotlight , you lay there and wonder … you wait .
The doctor then turns off the light , and you are allowed to lower your legs , and they promptly advance on you with hands akimbo .
Some painful pokings and squeezings and gropings of your breasts , and there is further scribbling .
With a slight whoosh of air , you find yourself suddenly alone … the door slowly closing , a tiny south - American woman pushing a laundry cart smiles at you as she walks by .
You feel like you should have at least been bought a dinner somewhere nice …
You wait .
The nurse comes back in and tells you to put your clothes back on .
You may go , she says .
She gives you a raggedy looking towelette to remove the KY from your nether regions .
You dress quickly , and escape .
Good times were had all around .
The end .
If you invented a time machine in the late 1970s or early 1980s , then used it to visit the first decade of the 21st century , you might have more pressing things to do than check out what films were showing .
But should you stroll past a cinema , you could n't fail to notice that the titles on the marquee were eerily familiar .
The past year alone has seen remakes of , among others , The Hitcher , The Poseidon Adventure , The Omen , The Amityville Horror , The Hills Have Eyes , When a Stranger Calls and The Wicker Man .
The 2003 remake of The Texas Chainsaw Massacre was followed by a prequel , while this year 's The Hills Have Eyes II was both a remake of the 1985 sequel to the 1977 horror , and a sequel to a remake in its own right .
Variety magazine reported recently that out of 46 studio movies scheduled for wide release this summer , almost half are sequels or remakes .
( And that 's without " disguised " remakes , such as the hit thriller Disturbia , which rehashes Rear Window , or the current Are We Done Yet ? , which is really a third version of Mr Blandings Builds His Dream House ) .
Whether this is postmodernism at its most playful or cultural cannibalism gone berserk , one thing 's for sure : we had better get used to it .
For cinemagoers in their 30s or older , the deja vu is about to become even more intense .
Some of the titles coming soon , yet again , to a cinema near you date from the 1970s or earlier - The Taking of Pelham One Two Three starts shooting later this year , with new versions of The Women , Bunny Lake Is Missing , Barbarella , The Heartbreak Kid , The Birds and Don't Look Now in the offing .
If that does n't sound like a lot of remakes , that 's because we have not mentioned the new versions of All of Me ( with Queen Latifah in the Lily Tomlin role ) , Clash of the Titans , Creepshow , Dressed to Kill , The Entity , The Evil Dead , Fame , The Fly ( itself a remake ) , Hellraiser , The Long Good Friday ( transposed to the US ) , Near Dark , Piranha , Scanners , Short Circuit , The Star Chamber , Taps and Tony Scott 's LA - set revamp of that quintessential New York movie , The Warriors .
And let 's not even get into Hollywood 's mania for remaking foreign films .
When it comes to the craze for revisiting movies from the 1970s and 1980s , the director John Carpenter may be the most remade of living film - makers .
Hollywood studios are eating through his back catalogue like locusts in a wheat field , with remakes of Assault On Precinct 13 and The Fog already released , and filming underway on new versions of Escape From New York , Halloween and The Thing .
Carpenter , who is himself responsible for witty takes on the Howard Hawks classics Rio Bravo ( as Assault On Precinct 13 ) and The Thing From Another World ( as The Thing ) , is sanguine about this glut of remakes .
" I 'm flattered if someone comes to me with the idea of remaking one of my films , " he says .
" Remake or original , making a movie still comes down to old - fashioned hard work .
If it 's based on another film , well , so be it .
Remakes have been part of cinema since its earliest days - think of A Star Is Born , which was remade numerous times .
And they 're especially big right now because it 's become increasingly difficult to lure audiences into theatres .
Advertising a remade title that may be familiar to audiences can hopefully cut through the clutter of titles and products that one sees . "
It is this promise of brand recognition that motivates studios and producers to go digging in the recent past for movies that can be spruced up and wheeled out .
" Marketing and distribution costs so much , almost as much as making the film , " says Ashok Amritraj , CEO and chairman of Hyde Park Entertainment .
" So it 's important to have a title that people recognise .
It 's irrelevant whether or not they saw the film in the first place - if you 've got that recognition , however faint , it 's a valuable asset to a movie because it makes it easier to sell . "
Amritraj has form in this area , having produced the 2004 remake of the 1973 thriller Walking Tall .
" That was a good combination , because we used recognition of the title to bring in the over - 35s , while casting The Rock in the lead ensured that the kids came to see it , too .
That mixture of new and old viewers is ideal .
Hopefully the people who remember the original will say , ' Hey , I 'd like to see what they 've done with this . ' "
Amritraj is now producing a film version of the Tony Curtis / Roger Moore TV series The Persuaders and a straight - to - DVD remake of Dressed to Kill ; he also has a new version of The Star Chamber , the 1983 Michael Douglas film about a judge - turned - vigilante , in development .
" You have to be careful with what you choose to remake , " he says .
" I mean , you would n't want to do Casablanca , that would just be dangerous .
The best remakes are titles that audiences have heard of , but which were n't necessarily huge hits , or something that was a good idea but perhaps was n't done very well . "
The screenwriter Rick Alexander , who is writing the Dressed to Kill remake and has a new version of Conan the Barbarian set up at Warner Bros , agrees with this assessment .
" I have a pet theory that great ideas that were poorly executed in the first place make for the best remake fodder .
When I consider whether or not a remake could work , I tend to gravitate toward those I believe to be flawed yet feel some sentimental fondness toward .
The remakes I 'm interested in tend to be things I feel could be ' improved upon ' or ' spun ' in some unique way .
I 'd never want to remake , say , Only Angels Have Wings , and I 'd hope no one else would .
The irony is that I 'm certain there are those who feel the same about projects that I 'm involved in now . "
There can be no guarantee that any of the remakes in development or production will spark the imagination of a new audience , or not be overshadowed by memories of the original .
For every Texas Chainsaw Massacre or The Hills Have Eyes , there are other , ill - advised remakes that acquire the taboo ring that the word Macbeth has in theatre dressing rooms : Diabolique , Get Carter , Gloria , The Ladykillers , The Wicker Man .
But from the studios ' standpoint , remaking is about more than generating interest in the new film ; it 's also a means of revitalising an old property , mouldering in DVD bargain bins and on cable channels , into a new income stream .
If the remake is even a moderate success , studios find themselves milking a cash cow that would otherwise have run dry a long time ago - though the uncharitable might invoke another unsavoury animal - related metaphor and call it flogging a dead horse .
The Star Chamber , for example , is in development at 20th Century Fox , the studio that made the original .
With the proposed remake comes the possibility of reanimating this " expired " title , as Disney discovered when it remade its own Freaky Friday and revived the Herbie franchise with Herbie : Fully Loaded .
Likewise , Dressed to Kill is already a title in the MGM back - catalogue , and MGM is partnering with Hyde Park Entertainment for the remake .
In a similar manner to the compilations and reunion tours that make the heritage rock industry so lucrative , studios have discovered a way to extend the commercial lifespan of titles that were n't even huge money - spinners to begin with .
It 's easy to allow snobbery about remakes to eclipse the fact that the form has delivered some genuinely adventurous works .
Jacques Audiard 's
The Beat That My Heart Skipped was a brilliant reinterpretation of James Toback 's Fingers , as well as a rare US - to - France remake , while Gus Van Sant 's colour , shot - for - shot Psycho , though vastly unpopular , will come to be seen as an authentically avant - garde experiment within the confines of mainstream cinema .
But the prospect of climbing back into that time machine and going another 20 or 30 years into the future to see what 's playing at the multiplex is a mildly disheartening one : will our children or grandchildren be stumping up their pocket money to see remakes of Hostel II and 300 , or a sequel to the remake of Ocean 's 19 ?
Doom merchants can take comfort in the fact that it was ever thus .
" I know there are a lot of 1970s and 1980s titles around again right now , " says John Carpenter .
" But my theory is that there 's a 20 - to 30 - year nostalgia cycle in American pop culture .
We long for those great old movies of yesteryear .
In the 1950s , there was a nostalgia for the Karloff / Lugosi Universal monster movies of the 1930s and 1940s .
It 's difficult to look into the future , but I do n't think that trend 's going to change .
I think there 'll be a remake or two to be seen in 2027 , that is if there 's any furniture left to sit on . "
Last month , Republican Rep. Mike Pence of Indiana explained why he voted in favor of the 2006 bill which legalized " coercive interrogation " and indefinite detention :
It is the solemn duty of this Congress and this President to make sure we do everything within our power to protect the American people .
The war on terror is not like any war America has fought be before . . .
Such extremism demands that America do everything possible to stop it .
The same Rep. Pence , in The Washington Post today :
Congress will convene on Tuesday for what some fear will be the lamest of lame - duck sessions , and GOP leaders have decided to take a minimalist approach before turning over the reins of power to the Democrats .
Rather than a final surge of legislative activity , Congress will probably wrap up things after a single , short week of work .
. .
" There is a lot of battle fatigue among members , probably on both sides of the aisle , " said Rep. Mike Pence ( R - Ind. ) , usually a reliable conservative firebrand .
" Contrary to popular belief , members of Congress are human beings .
They have a certain shelf life and a certain amount of energy to be drawn on .
We 're tired . "
This is why this strong , brave warrior -- lecturing us how we must do " everything possible " to win the " War " -- is so tired and " fatigued " and does n't want to work any more :
Operating most weeks on a Tuesday - through - Thursday schedule , Congress is poised to finish this year with just 100 working days under its belt -- the fewest since 1948 , when then - President Harry Truman famously blasted what he called a " do- nothing Congress . "
The year is likely to end with no final action on a number of major issues , including Social Security and immigration reform and tighter ethics standards for lawmakers .
. . .
This year , Congress will probably end up meeting for about 100 days -- an average of about two days a week in return for a salary of $ 165,000 .
So Mike Pence made $ 165,000 on the public dole this year as a prominent part one of the laziest , most worthless Congresses in our country 's history .
And now he is whining that he 's too " tired " and " fatigued " to show up for work and do his job , so he and his Republican colleagues are just going to go ahead and give themselves the rest of the year off -- in a so - called " time of war " no less .
They 'll continue to take their salaries .
Pence is one of those super " pure , " doctrinal conservatives -- he was the favorite of the most extremist wing of the right - wing blogosphere for the recent GOP House Majority Leader election , in which he was crushed .
He " describes himself as 'a Christian , a conservative and a Republican , in that order , ' " and claims to be " a national spokesman for conservative principles . "
As such , he is one of those conservatives who loves to rail against federal social programs for the poor , telling people that the solution for poverty is just to work harder , get three jobs if they need to , etc .
For instance , he recently voted against a bill that would have raised the minimum wage in this country for the first time in nine years .
Pence called the increase " excessive " ( it would have raised the minimum wage to a lavish $ 7.25 / hour ) .
Pence recently said on his blog -- " Penceblog " -- that he stands for " the values of community , hard work , dependability and integrity that characterize the heartland . "
Worse still , Rep .
Pence has frequently sermonized that these are not " ordinary times . "
Rather : " We are a nation at war . "
Republican political figures like Mike Pence have been spewing " war rhetoric " for the last five years for domestic political gain and to justify the stripping away of the most basic liberties along with the most grotesque excesses .
Yet other than from the members of the military , they have never demanded any of the sacrifices required of a nation truly " at war " -- and , most of all , have never sacrificed anything themselves .
Thus , the pro-war Pence , who never served in the military , now cries that he is too " tired " to continue working this year , and has the disgusting audacity to attribute his petulant need to rest to what he called " battle fatigue " -- even as he continues to support a war and thereby subject real warriors , already on their third and fourth tours of duty in Iraq , to yet more combat .
That 's your GOP Congressional Warrior for you -- fighting for America and representing the Values of Hard Work and Self - Reliance .
What level is this book for ?
At what levels has it been used ?
At Brown , I use this book for a course targeted at third - and fourth - year college students and first year graduate ( master 's and PhD ) students .
The class features a healthy smattering of both advanced PhD students and second - year college students .
The book has also been used at over thirty other institutions , in everything from all - graduate - student classes to high school courses .
I 'd be happy to discuss the accessibility of different parts of the book .
What are the book 's prerequisites ?
The book assumes relatively little of the student .
It helps to have mathematical maturity of the sort that a traditional discrete mathematics course tries to bestow .
The book sometimes mentions the Halting Problem .
Motivated students have not been significantly affected by not having had this material before .
I continue to remove unnecessary dependencies whenever I encounter them .
The book does assume that a student can write rudimentary programs in Scheme .
Unlike some other texts it does not begin with a Scheme tutorial because each instructor will tend to have their own preferred way of teaching Scheme .
On the Web , you can find a handy list of introductory Scheme programming texts .
If you need help choosing amongst these , do contact me .
My own course does not expect knowledge of Scheme .
I teach it in three introductory Scheme lectures : one on the rudiments , starting with simple expressions up to first - order functions , including recursion ; the second on conditionals and data structures ; and the third on higher - order functions .
This is accompanied by homework problems along with their solutions , so students can grade themselves .
My course staff holds several extra office hours during this period so that students can get one - on - one help with the language .
How much of the book do you cover ?
In one semester ( about fourteen weeks ) I cover the entire text , along with several extended assignments .
But that might be a fairly brutal pace for some .
So ...
How easy is it to use just parts of the book ?
Very !
Some people cover quite a bit less , picking and choosing chapters , and still have a satisfying experience .
I have thus removed as many dependencies between chapters as possible , and continue to remove them where reasonable .
Thus , for instance , you may find one or two chapters the perfect way to wrap up an introductory programming course in which students have already learned some Scheme .
Even in programming languages courses , some users have excerpted select chapters and used them either exclusively or in conjunction with other texts or approaches .
To facilitate such modular reuse , I have adopted a license that permits you to remix portions of the material to suit your needs .
If you would like a specialized textbook consisting of just some subset of chapters , contact me and I would be happy to oblige .
Are there more assignments than are in the book ?
As of this writing ( 2007 - 04 - 26 ) , yes .
There are several additional problems in the homework assignments and exams from prior versions of my course .
( You will not find exams since 2003 because I stopped administering exams in the course . )
Eventually these will all be incorporated into the appropriate places in the text itself .
What 's in the future for this book ?
I edit the book every time I teach from it , and sometimes even when I 'm not teaching this material .
I therefore expect to produce a new version roughly every year , at least until the flow of innovation begins to staunch .
Specifically , I want to flesh out the details of the material on programming - by - search ; integrate an outstanding approach to teaching garbage collection , which is currently only described as the background to an extended assignment ; explain software contracts ; and discuss programming interactive systems .
Dude , where 's the object - orientation ?
Oops , I forgot !
Just kidding .
There are three reasons I left out object - oriented programming from this book .
Before I tell you my reasons , let me just say that if it really , really matters to you , and you do not agree with the reasons below , and this is crucial you can answer well the third item ( which is a question ) , then I 'll consider writing a chapter on object - orientation for you .
Okay , now for my reasons .
These are predicated on the belief that these days , most students are already exposed to a hearty dose of OOP ( via Java ) in their first two years of college .
First , the positive answer .
I want to expose students to an exciting world populated by strange and wondrous languages .
I hope that something they see will spark their imagination , making them question the way they 've programmed in the past and enticing them to try new ways in the future .
Discussing OOP in this book would not be exposing them to one such new thing ; it would just be explaining an old thing .
Second , having seen so much OOP ( usually Java ) , they have already formed fairly strong mental models both of what OOP is and of how it works .
On the one hand it feels redundant to go over this all over again ; on the other hand , they probably have sufficiently strong views on OOP that no matter what this course does , it wo n't have much effect .
Third , it 's a simple matter of fitting a large number of topics within a limited amount of time .
What would you leave out ?
And by leaving it out , are you not violating one or both of the above tenets ?
Speaking of OOP , I just noticed : you do n't seem to cover traditional paradigms anywhere in your book .
Why not ?
Plainly , I think the notion of language paradigms  is nonsensical .
Programming languages are not plants .
You can read a brief essay about it .
How do you compare this book to Friedman , Wand and Haynes 's Essentials of Programming Languages ( EoPL ) ?
I loved EoPL as a student .
My book nevertheless grew out of a great frustration from viewing EoPL as a teacher .
Concretely , I think EoPL does a poor job on several crucial topics , most notably :
type systems
garbage collection
domain - specific languages
Garbage collection is n't discussed at all in any meaningful way .
I find that students are generally woefully uninformed about garbage collection , having lots of wrong ideas in their heads .
The programming languages course at most universities is the only chance to rectify some of these misconceptions ( especially since many faculty colleagues actively cause the misconceptions ) .
This is one place where I have found having them implement collectors , which PLAI does using a radical innovation , is actually really helpful ; it takes a lot of the mystery out of GC .
I think we also have a responsibility to discuss some of the systems aspects of GC , especially provide a meaningful comparison to manual memory management .
All this plainly points to a goal that I think diverges considerably from that of EoPL : I want to reach out and communicate with the hacker , not just the theoretician .
That is , I believe about 90 % of my students have no interest in going on to study programming languages , while about 10 % would love to pursue the subject .
I feel that the 10 % would be satisfied no matter what I taught , so long as the material is good and taught with feeling : it 's the follow - up courses they 're really after .
But that 90 % will rapidly tune out if the course does not speak to them .
Trying to communicate with this 90 % made me re-examine the course 's philosophy .
Is the EoPL interpreter - based culture the right one ?
I think it works wonderfully for the 10 % ( like it did for me ) but I want a course for people not like me !
By entirely abandoning the survey - of - languages approach , the interpreter style fails to deliver for students who want to see the concrete , and consequences , before the abstract , and principles .
PLAI therefore weds the two approaches , always looking at examples ( such as programs in actual languages ) before writing interpreters or their equivalent .
This has the following benefits :
by seeing a feature in the context of a real language and using it to first build something interesting , students will actually care to build an interpreter for it
students get at least fleeting exposure to multiple actual languages , which is an important educational attribute that is fast being crushed in this era of Java 's dominance and in the process , they come to understand why Java will not be the last word in languages
by first building a mental model for the feature through experience , they have a much better chance of actually figuring out how the interpreter is supposed to work
My goal is to not only teach students new material , but to also change the way they solve problems .
I want to show students where languages come from , why we should regard languages as the ultimate form of abstraction , how to recognize such an evolving abstraction , and how to turn what they recognize into a language .
I want to do all this concretely , accessibly , through examples .
That 's where this book is going .
The text is also more colloquiual than many other academic texts .
I do n't intend to beat students with a cudgel , whether that of formality or that of stifling precision ; that is best done in a semantics course where they have already committed to studying this material in depth .
Speaking of precision , I also believe that we learn best from mistakes , so I develop most ideas gradually and incrementally , presenting each obvious  version and showing why it fails , using that failure to iterate .
At this level my goal is to engage and excite students to help them understand why I love this material so much .
I cannot do that while wearing a bowtie .
If you 're a purist , you will probably read the criticisms above and view them as positive endorsements for EoPL .
If this is you , congratulations : you 've learned that PLAI is probably not the right book for you .
But in the process , do also make sure your students are n't similar to the person who wrote this in a review of EoPL on Amazon.com :
This situation makes it essential to supplement the book with programming assignments in actual languages ( Java , ML , Prolog ) , so students can see what all the trouble is for , and what 's really exciting about the ideas in the book .
Otherwise , reading this book is like learning how to build a car without ever having seen one !
How do you compare this book to those by Sebesta / Tucker / Mitchell / Scott / Pierce / ...?
Phew , that 's a lot !
Tell me which particular one you 're interested in ; I 'll re-examine it , then compose a response .
Why can't you get a normal publisher like all the other authors do ?
Was nobody willing to publish your book ?
Some very respectable presses were indeed interested .
I consider this self - publication an experiment .
But you should also ask yourself why the imprimatur of a publisher , who provides virtually no useful technical evaluation ( as evidence , see all the junky textbooks on the market ) , is more important than the qualifications of the author ( in my case , my publications are part of my credentials ) .
My essay on books as software discusses my perspective in more detail .
What 's with these versions  ?
Why do n't you call them editions  like everyone else does ?
You can ignore the distinction as pedantry .
But if you do care , look at my essay on books as software .
What 's that on the cover ?
It seems fashionable to use an image of a rock inscribed in ancient languages on the cover of a programming languages textbook .
So this one is a photograph of the base of the Gomateshwara statue at Shravanabelagola .
What 's under the gown in the South African Medical Fraternity ?
Doctors , Surgeons , Practices , Hospitals and the funny , sometimes controversial stories that go with them .
Seeeeriouuuus Seeeeesssta !
Jak zaoszczędzić na ogrzewaniu ?
Możesz wracać po ciężkim dniu do swojego wspaniałego domu i nie martwić się już więcej o rachunki , które przyjdzie Ci zapłacić , ponieważ wysoki standard nie musi wiązać się wcale z wysokimi kosztami , które będzie za sobą pociągać .
Przy budowie domu warto dzisiaj skłonić się w kierunku odnawialnych źródeł energii .
Najlepiej jednak pomyśleć o tym już przy początkowym stadium budowy , a nawet podczas rozmowy z architektem , który projektuje nasz dom .
Dlaczego ?
Dlatego , że w ten sposób unikniemy stresów i problemów z rozmieszczeniem urządzeń takich jak na przykład kolektory słoneczne .
Wspomniane urządzenia są jednym z najlepszych sposobów na pozyskanie całkowicie darmowej energii słonecznej .
Naprzeciw stereotypom
Wbrew utartemu jeszcze gdzieniegdzie mniemaniu , kolektory słoneczne nie są montowane tylko w krajach , gdzie panuje wieczne lato , a zachmurzenia prawie wcale nie występują .
Z powodzeniem kolektory słoneczne są montowane także w polskich domach .
Każdy może skorzystać ze źródła energii , które proponują wspomniane urządzenia .
Ważne jest po prostu to , by były one odpowiednio dobrane do naszego domu i jego położenia .
Tym jednak nie musimy się martwić .
Firmy zapewniające sprzedaż takich produktów jak kolektory słoneczne zapewniają fachową pomoc w dobraniu odpowiednich elementów i umieszczeniu ich we właściwym miejscu .
Odnawialne źródła energii wpływają nie tylko – co oczywiście jest bardzo istotne – na stan środowiska naturalnego .
Są także ekonomiczne .
Mimo , iż instalacja takich systemów nie jest najtańsza , poniesiona koszty zwracają się dość szybko .
Kolektory słoneczne dostarczają nam energię solarną przez ponad dwadzieścia lat .
W tym czasie przynajmniej kilkakrotnie zwrócą nam się pieniądze , które wykorzystaliśmy na montaż systemów .
Tak więc , dzięki nim znacznie zmniejszą się przychodzące rachunki , a dodatkowo na przykład latem ciepłą wodę uzyskujemy praktycznie za darmo .
Unia Europejska pomaga
Zainteresowanie energią słoneczną skutecznie podsyca Unia Europejska .
Jej dotacje przyciągają coraz większą liczbę Polaków .
Kredyty udzielane naszym mieszkańcom pozwalają zamontować kolektory słoneczne za przystępną cenę .
Dzięki dofinansowaniom możemy sprawić , że nasz dom stanie się ekologiczny , a do tego wydajny .
Promienie słoneczne zasilają kolektory nawet wtedy , gdy wydaje nam się , że dzień jest pochmurny i nieciekawy .
Dlatego warto sobie uświadomić , że wspomniane urządzenia pracują dla nas cały rok .
Unia Europejska rozumie potrzeby współczesnego społecze ństwa i dlatego wychodzi z tak atrakcyjną inicjatywą .
Jeśli nie stać nas w tej chwili na kolektory słoneczne , nie rezygnujmy od razu .
Warto najpierw sprawdzić jakie oferty zostały skierowane do mieszkańców naszego miasta .
W tym celu najlepiej udać się do urzędników zajmuj ących się dotacjami .
Ciekawe oferty kolektorów słonecznych można znaleźć na stronie producenta .
Estetyczny wygląd
Dziś najpopularniejsze kolektory słoneczne to te , które nazywamy kolektorami płaskimi .
Najczęściej są zlokalizowane na dachach naszych domów .
Kolektor płaski służy nam zazwyczaj aż ponad pół wieku .
Dlatego montowane są najczęściej w domach mieszkalnych .
W jednorodzinnym domu na rachunki duży wpływ ma to , ile korzystamy z ciepłej wody .
Im więcej jest członków rodziny , tym naturalnie będziemy zużywać więcej zagrzanej wody – czy to przy kąpieli , czy codziennym i wielokrotnym myciu naczyń .
Wysokiej jakości kolektory słoneczne proponuje firma Viessmann .
Urządzenia przez nią produkowane cechują się dużą stabilnością i szczelnością .
Dodatkowo tylna ściana jest odporna na przebicie i korozję .
Warto zauważyć , że Viessmann jest wieloletnią firmą cieszącą się zaufaniem stale napływaj ących klientów .
Głównym zadaniem kolektora jest zadowolenie mieszkańców domu .
Do jego budowy zostały wykorzystane najwy ższej jakości produkty .
Przy montażu urządzeń pracują wykwalifikowani pracownicy .
Dlatego też zastanawiając się nad wyborem kolektora słonecznego płaskiego należy niewątpliwie wziąć znaną firmę Viessmann pod uwagę .
Modele proponowane przez firmę Viessmann
Aby ostatecznie zapoznać się z możliwościami , które dają nam kolektory przyjrzyjmy się tym modelom , które proponuje wspomniana już firma Viessmann .
I tak pierwszy model Vitosol 200 - F ma tę zaletę , iż może by ć montowany zarówno na dachach pochyłych , jak i na dachach płaskich .
Możemy zdecydować się więc na niego w chwili , gdy nasz dom został już w całości postawiony i nie możemy już nic zmienić .
Montaż modelu jest także banalnie łatwy .
Założenie go nie wymaga wysiłku ponieważ jest stosunkowo niewielki oraz lekki .
Dodatkowo możemy zdecydować , czy umieścimy go pionowo , czy poziomo .
Ciekawą propozycją jest także model Vitosol 200 - T.
Można go bowiem montować nie tylko na dachu , ale także na pionowej elewacji naszego domu .
Estetyczny wygląd sprawi , że element wpasuje się w kompozycję budynki i nie będzie szpecił całokształtu .
Vitosol 200 - T jest kolektorem próżniowym rurowym , co oznacza , że zbudowany jest z podłużnych rurek .
Dlaczego to takie ważne ?
Poszczególne elementy można obracać wokół ich osi , a więc ustawiać je optymalnie względem słońca .
Wysokiej jakości materiały zabezpieczaj ą kolektory słoneczne przed korozją , a krótki czas montażu zapewnia szybką możliwość zaobserwowania efektów .
Ostatnim przykładem – należy pamiętać , że w ofercie znajduje się ich o wiele więcej – jest kolektor słoneczny Vitosol DIS .
Główną zaletą tego urządzenia jest duża powierzchnia pojedynczego kolektora .
Dzięki niej sprawność i efektywność pracy zostaje zwiększona .
Tym samym możemy liczy ć na większą ilość pozyskanej energii solarnej .
Nowoczesna izolacja termiczna skutecznie zapobiega wydostawaniu się ciepła .
Natomiast szkło solarne nie pozwala na odbijanie promieni słonecznych , które docierają do naszego domu .
Jak widać kolektory słoneczne są wspaniałą okazją do podwy ższenia standardu naszego życia .
Dzięki nim będziemy żyć nie tylko zamożniej , ale także bardziej ekologicznie .
To idealne rozwiązanie dla wieloosobowych rodzin mieszkaj ących w dużych domach .
Warto już teraz zainwestować w urządzenia , by wkrótce cieszy ć się fenomenalnymi efektami .
AKA , “ Secrets of the patented JM3 Gasbag Model™ ” - a getting - started list to make sense of CSS .
[ 2,547 diggs and counting . ]
The Point of CSS is to use clean , simple HTML in your page , then write CSS “ rules ” that style the objects on your page .
The page stays clean and looks cool , and your HTML page works on both mobile devices and regular browsers .
That ’s the point of CSS .
But The Art of CSS is quickly and easily referring to the right objects in your page from your CSS rules .
The act of matching CSS rules to HTML tags is like a conversation : both sides need to be clear and in sync with each other , or they ’ll talk over each other and you ’ll get a headache from all the yelling .
General or Specific Matching : suppose you want to style an **< h1 >** header in your page .
You can choose how general or specific your style is applied :
* to style ** all ** ` < h1 > ` tags , use css rule `**h1 {...**` * to style all tags ** in a certain place ** , e.g. for ` < b>`'s inside ` < p > ` tags , use css rule `**p b {...**` * to style all ` < h1 > ` headers ** of a certain kind ** , add `** class = " myheader " **` to the ` < h1 > ` tags you want to style , and use css rule `**. myheader {...**` * to style ** just one ** ` < h1 > ` header , add `** id = " myheader " **` to the `**< h1 >** ` tag you want to style , and use css rule `**# myheader {...**`
You can combine the above rules in different ways , too ; to style all ` < h1 > ` tags of type `" barleymash " ` inside of `form`s of type `" magicform " ` , use css rule `** form.magicform h1.barleymash {...**`
Target acquired : Because getting the matching rules wrong can waste so much time , use this trick : until your rule is for sure matching up , do n’t use any CSS properties other than ** style = " color : red ; " > color : red ; **
It ’s quick to type and easy to spot .
As soon as you see the text go red in your HTML page , you know your rule is matching .
Then and only then , now that you know your rule is matching the right part of your document , then delete ** color : red ; ** and write your rule .
EZ .
Master the patented JM3 Gasbag Model : a CSS layout is like a big bag of objects .
each of those objects can exert forces ( Think gas jets .
Like your layout is farting at you . )
Mostly the forces “ push ” out ( margins , padding , and float are all properties that “ push ” objects around . )
By altering CSS rules , you adjust the forces .
Viewing your page in a browser just shakes the bag , and things will settle where the forces direct them .
This is the secret of CSS - manage the forces , and the objects will balance .
Fight the forces , apply too many properties at once , all fighting against each other and your objects will jostle around , poking holes in the bag and in each other , and your page will leak all over the place .
No fun .
Gasbag Example 1 : to center something , set margin - left : auto ; and margin - right : auto ;
This works because you balance the opposing forces on the left and right , so the element is held perfectly centered like a ball held between two magnets
Gasface Corollary 1 : the JM3 Gasbag Model only applies when using the default CSS rules of “ relative ” positioning .
It ’s also possible to use something called “ absolute ” positioning , where you position each little box by giving it specific coordinates .
do n’t do this .
it will take you a long time and your layout will look terrible if the amount of text or graphics ever changes .
Only weird print designers use this :-)
Rule A - Divs and Spans :
The lingua franca of CSS are two tags called < div > and .
Neither < div > nor < span > tags have a default appearance ; other than the fact that < div > ’s are boxes and < span > ’s are “ inline ” within text , they ’re just generic tags for applying styles to .
** Rule B - Divs are boxes , s are text ** : **< div >** s are boxes , and have height , width , and alignment that you can can play with .
By default , the height of a < div > is the height of its contents ( text or images or other < div > s ) **< span >** s are for “ markup ” within text .
these are called “ inline ” elements , because they only make sense “ in a line ” of text . ”
Tags like bold ( b ) , italic ( i ) , underline ( u ) etc. are all / inline elements .
Do n’t use < div>s ( boxes ) to markup text , and do n’t use s for boxes , and your layout will go much easier .
Global , Local , or Intimate : you can apply CSS properties at three levels : across multiple HTML pages ( via a file named something.css ) , on a single page ( in a style block ) , or to a specific tag within a page ( via the style= ” … ” attribute within a tag ) .
When you FINISH a layout , it ’s good to move all your CSS code into a separate CSS file so you can share it globally .
But while you develop and test your code , it ’s easier to just put the CSS rules in a style block inside the HTML page - then you ’re not switching back and forth between two files as you ’re write the code .
Keep it clean : writing clean HTML these days is really easy .
But even people who consider them self e1337 CSS HAX0Rs often do n’t write very clean , efficient CSS .
Efficiency does n’t make the page load faster , it just makes your code easier to work on .
Three tips :
1. ** condense rules ** like ( `font - family , font - size` ) or ( `margin - left , margin - right` ) into single - line rules : `** margin : 0 px 10 px 10 px 10 px ; **` 2 . ** stack your classes ** : no one EVER uses this trick ; you can apply as many css classes to a single tag as you want , just put spaces between the names , like ` < h1 class = " exciting warning " > ` will apply both the class exciting AND the class warning .
this saves TONS of duplication in your CSS .
( i do n't know why no one uses this trick .
it 's great .
when you see someone 's stylesheet that has dozens of lines like : `.redtext { ** font - family : Arial , Helvetica , sans - serif ;** color : red ; } . bluetext { ** font - family : Arial , Helvetica , sans - serif ;** color : blue ; }` , that 's a sign that they probably do n't know this trick .
`` 3 . ** use commas** to apply the same CSS rule to many HTML tags at once : `**p , b , i {...** ` will apply the ... style to paragraphs , bold , and italic text in one line .
Hacks are stupid .
You do n’t need them .
Many CSS tutorials teach that to make a page work in multiple browsers , that you need to learn various “ CSS hacks ” .
All this stuff is crap .
You do n’t need any of it .
CSS starts out being a pain for everyone .
Do n’t worry .
You ’re not stupid , CSS is .
Do n’t think you need to memorize all the properties , either – use Got API ’s handy cheat sheet .
And have fun .
As you read these words George W. Bush is poised to humiliate Senate Republicans yet again -- and Senate Republicans , with only a few exceptions , are poised to accept this new humiliation and say , yet again : Yes , boss .
From the minute George Bush planned to let Osama bin Laden escape from Tora Bora by diverting our military to his obsessive hunger for the Iraq war , the conduct of Republicans in the Senate has been one of the most morally shameful abdications of conscience and duty in the history of the American Congress .
On Iraq , George Bush is trapped in his own private Guantanamo , a detainee of his personal and uncontrollable obsession about this war , no matter what the truth , no matter what the cost , no matter what the consequences .
At every single step of the way towards this catastrophe , the Senate Republicans marched in lockstep , at first blinded by their power in controlling the Senate , and then blinded by their fear of standing up to the man most of them know is deadly wrong , about this deadly war .
On Iraq , George Bush 's vision is that America should be held hostage to whatever darkness governs his spirit on this war that should never have been fought .
Democrats never mattered in the war world of George W. Bush .
He is the only American president in our history who used war itself as a partisan political weapon rather than an effort behind which our country could rally .
In George Bush 's world of war , he was never the president of the United States , he was the decider , the commander guy , the child who said bring 'em on .
George Bush was the little man in search of total power , treating war not as a higher purpose to win with unity , but as a lower political art form to demean Americans he treats as enemies .
No American President , not even Nixon at his worst , has ever demeaned , defamed and dishonored the office once held by George Washington in this manner .
War was treated by George W. Bush not as a mean to unite the nation , to win the war , but as a means to divide the nation , to win his quest for unlimited power .
George Bush was never the president of the whole American people .
He was never the
president of Democrats or independents .
He was never even the president of Republicans in the Senate , whose advice he repeatedly ignored , whose counsel he treated with total contempt .
The great sin of the Senate Republicans , the legacy of carnage and national division that they bear primary responsibility for , is that they enabled and empowered this reckless abuse of power and this fanatical and obsessive hunger for unwise war .
When the Republicans had power and control of the Senate , they gloated in their supreme status and preened with their committee chairmanships while they tolerated their endless humiliation , by the president of their party , when his action expressed his contempt for their judgment .
They cheered when Bush attacked Democrats with the lie that they did not support the troops -- and all while those very same Democrats were advocating publicly what Republicans were urging the President to do , privately .
They applauded when their leaders used garbage talk about surrender monkeys and surrender dates against Democrats , when many and most of the Republicans were in major agreement with what those Democrats were proposing .
They went to the White House and offered their wise counsel , only to be met with smirks and derision from a president who treated even senior Republicans as his private poodles .
They left the White House meetings with their tails between their legs , and went to the floor of the Senate and said things publicly they did not privately believe , and voted for escalations they deeply believed were wrong , and joined the president at their fundraisers and partisan meetings to speak words they knew were false , to support policies they knew were deadly .
They proceeded to utter timid words , with dainty comments , about how they really did not support the policy before they voted against their conscience and common sense again and again , in 2003 , 2004 , 2005 , 2006 -- and still again in 2007 .
Now , faced with carnage and catastrophe on the battlefield , faced with an Iraqi government drenched with corruption and incompetence and allied with militia who kill children while they demonstrate their contempt for American heroes who give their lives , to buy them time , to do what they refuse to do , the Republicans in the Senate are humiliated by their president yet again .
Tony Snow parades to the cameras again this morning , to tell the world that George W. Bush believes we are only at the beginning of the beginning of this latest escalation .
This is his answer to Sen. Richard Lugar ( R - Ind . ) and the other Republicans in the Senate , and the question is , will they continue to allow themselves to be treated as poodles and trusted to toe the partisan line , yet again , for a policy they know is disastrous ?
I wrote an op -ed for The Hill newspaper today ( June 10 ) entitled " Reid 's Moment , Lugar 's Duty " in which I argued that bipartisanship is urgently needed , but can only begin when Sen.
Lugar and his Republican colleagues stand up , for the first time in the turgid and tragic history of this war , for what they truly believe .
The blood is flowing , the world is watching , and history will judge .
But make no mistake : The House Democrats are ready to end this tragedy .
The House as an institution is ready .
The Senate Democrats are ready .
The free world is ready .
The American people are ready .
If the Senate Republicans submit yet again to what they know is deadly wrong , they will be standing alone , with George W. Bush , against the entire free world , against their own private conscience , and they will suffer an epic landslide defeat in 2008 and will be convicted forever in the high court of history .
_______
About author Brent Budowsky served as Legislative Assistant to U.S. Senator Lloyd Bentsen , responsible for commerce and intelligence matters , including one of the core drafters of the CIA Identities Law .
Served as Legislative Director to Congressman Bill Alexander , then Chief Deputy Whip , House of Representatives .
Currently a member of the International Advisory Council of the Intelligence Summit .
Left goverment in 1990 for marketing and public affairs business including major corporate entertainment and talent management .
He can be reached at Brent Budowsky served as Legislative Assistant to U.S. Senator Lloyd Bentsen , responsible for commerce and intelligence matters , including one of the core drafters of the CIA Identities Law .
Served as Legislative Director to Congressman Bill Alexander , then Chief Deputy Whip , House of Representatives .
Currently a member of the International Advisory Council of the Intelligence Summit .
Left goverment in 1990 for marketing and public affairs business including major corporate entertainment and talent management .
He can be reached at brentbbi@webtv.net
Once the most hated technology online , Flash has become one of the most loved .
Meet the scientist taking it to the next level
On meeting Mark Anders , the temptation to say , " Let 's skip the introductions " is almost irresistible - for he's the senior principal scientist at Adobe Systems , where he's in charge of making Flash " a great platform for building the next generation of rich internet applications " .
Yes , Flash - that technology that only a few years ago was regularly hated , principally because of corporate websites that would blow half the budget on a fancy animation on the opening page - with an apologetic link saying " Skip Intro " - that would take you to the useful stuff .
It 's the product that led usability expert Jakob Nielsen to dub it " 99 % Bad " in an October 2000 article : " It makes bad design more likely , it breaks with the Web 's fundamental interaction style , and it consumes resources that would be better spent enhancing a site 's core value . "
Anders responds : " Developers loved it , though .
It was always very effective for advertising , and over time people used it for new and unique experiences . "
And everyone has now joined the developers in loving Flash - even if they do n't know it .
YouTube uses Flash .
The photo site Flickr uses Flash .
Google 's finance pages generate stock graphs built in Flash .
Newspaper websites use Flash to illustrate complex timelines or subjects .
It 's everywhere .
So is the difference simply that the spread of broadband made Flash more acceptable , by cutting the delays while files load ?
Or have people worked out how to do more with it , and so enhance the web in ways they did n't before ?
Incredibly compact
" Flash always had some acceptability , " says Anders .
" It 's incredibly compact for what it does .
But if you compare something like Flash with , say , Java - which is a very robust technology - how often do you see Java being used ? "
Flash has the advantage for the developer that the file created is self contained , and does n't rely on the browser it 's viewed in .
As the software designer Jacek Artymiak puts it , Flash " is , in a way , the PDF of interactive multimedia .
Both formats are so popular because , for the end user , the efforts that go into achieving the desired results are minimal . "
How has Flash thrived ?
" It 's a combination of broadband and in the number of people being comfortable with it , " says Anders .
Flash is the new publishing tool of the century , he argues : " We have let more people publish - whether it 's blogging or having a MySpace page , or uploading to YouTube . "
The Flash Player browser plugin may be the single most widely installed piece of software - and it's cross-platform .
The reasons are historical : during the browser wars , Netscape hurried to include the plugin ; Microsoft caught up , and Flash was included with Internet Explorer 5 and onwards .
Now it has become the standard for streaming video .
As Tom Green , professor of interactive multimedia at Humber College in Toronto , notes , the development of video in Flash has been rapid - almost from a standing start in 2000 - to dominance .
" Adobe can claim that the Flash Player is on 97.3 % of all of the internet - enabled computers in use today .
Microsoft 's Windows Media Player is on 83 % of computers , QuickTime is on about 66 % , and Real is hovering at 56 % . "
Part of the reason is ubiquity ; but Flash also offers advantages to the end user , and to the content provider .
To the first , it offers security : there have barely been any security flaws in the Flash player ; the only one outstanding at Secunia is rated " less critical " and has been patched .
To content providers , meanwhile , Flash is a one - way medium : you do n't find file - sharing networks full of videos or songs ripped from Flash files .
Anders see his task as making it easier for people to create and integrate Flash into everything - not just web pages , but also desktop applications or mixtures of the two .
To that end , he is trying to improve the quality of the tools available to develop Flash output .
He knows why tools matter .
In 2004 he joined Macromedia , which had made Flash a known name , having spent nearly 10 years at Microsoft , where he had been the lead designer on the ASP.
NET platform .
( Adobe bought Macromedia in 2005 . )
He had noticed that " one of the things that contributed to development for Windows was Visual Basic [ the simple programming language ] .
Even people who were n't developers , just business people with a problem , could do Visual Basic . "
What Flash needed was an equivalent .
That was hard , because it was initially designed as an animation tool , not for programming .
" We added behaviours , then a scripting engine , and then it became a full - blown application .
Flash did n't really have a developer focus .
It always had a creative focus .
But I joined to help develop the messaging and tools . "
Or , as he put it on his blog : " My prime motivation for joining Macromedia was that I saw a tremendous opportunity to help make building these rich internet apps easier for people like me . "
Beyond the browser
Winning developer confidence matters right now .
Microsoft has its eyes on squashing or at least dulling Flash through its Windows Presentation Foundation Everywhere ( WPF/E ) technology , which uses a form of XML and can be scripted with Javascript : it is cross-platform and works through browser plugins , theoretically creating Flash - like applications that can show video , vector graphics and animations .
It 's a subset of the Windows Presentation Foundation that Microsoft wants to be used to build applications that sit as easily on the web as the desktop - or both .
Macromedia's , and now Adobe 's , response has been Flex , an XML - based system that makes writing Flash applications similar to writing in a programming language .
The next step beyond that is a project called Apollo : " The Apollo project is a cross- platform environment that allows developers to build applications that run outside the browser , using HTML , Flash and PDF to build a desktop app . "
Who wants to do that ?
" Well , take Google Finance : it gives you a rich interactive chart which is done in Flash .
We can imagine using the desktop for things you could take offline . "
But again , who wants that ?
" A lot of government agencies use PDF for filling applications - or , say , a mortgage application .
We can gather data through a Flash application , and then ' print ' to a PDF that you can print or send out .
A lot of our customers are telling us that sometimes they want to go beyond the browser , and offline .
So with YouTube , you might want to be able to download the video . "
The fact is , says Anders , that times are changing .
" It used to be that everyone wrote Windows applications .
Then they moved to the web .
People want to write desktop apps which are easy to deploy . "
But not necessarily in a computer .
In December , Anders said : " If you look at what Microsoft is doing with WPF , they say it 's really about rich internet applications but actually , I do n't think it is , because I think rich internet applications are not about Windows only .
I think the internet is about a multitude of machines and you do not always know what they are . "
For , as he points out to me , " We 're on 100 m mobile phones .
In Japan , DoCoMo has a huge business using Flash . "
As if 98 % of the world 's personal computers were n't enough .
If you 're Mark Anders , that 's not enough .
Curriculum vitae
Age : 47
Education : BA in computer science , New York University
Career : 1995 Joined Microsoft , where he mainly worked with ASP .
NET 2004 Joined Macromedia , which was later bought by Adobe .
Led the Flex builder team
Family : Married , to Rosemary ; they have two parrots
Blog : andersblog.com
Online media is exploding ... and with it , a new class of creative people producing their own music , podcasts , professional - level photography and video shows .
We 've compiled the largest list so far of useful tools for self - made photographers , videobloggers , podcasters and musicians .
These entries are compiled from previous Mashable articles - see the links at the bottom of this article for further reading .
— — — — — ————-
For photography gods , we 've brought together more than 90 photo resources and tools .
There are thousands of sites serving photographers these days , but we hope this acts as a good overview .
ONLINE PHOTO EDITORS
Fauxto -
Advanced online photo editor with an interface similar to Photoshop 's XmgImg - Image hosting service that provides an interface for users to manage , edit , and share their images online .
OnlinePhotoTool - Edit pictures taken from your hard drive as well as images that are already on the Internet .
MyImager - Upload images from your computer and from anywhere on the web and edit them freely with the dozens of tools and filters available .
SnipShot - Edit photos from your hard - drive , your Webshots account , or your Flickr account in one place , and then save them back to any of those locations .
Pixenate - Online photo editor with many special effects .
You can also integrate Pixenate on your website and allow visitors to edit images .
Phixr -
Edit your pictures and directly upload them to Flickr , Fotopic , Livejournal , Photobucket , Fotolog.com , Buzznet and Dropshots .
Pixer.us -
Edit your photos online within your browser , add special effects and save them in the most popular formats .
Picture2 Life - Edit pictures available on the Internet or taken from your hard disk .
You can also import images from popular photo sharing sites .
Cellsea - Upload pictures from your PC or from an URL .
It provides over 15 ways to correct color , exposure , and lighting problems .
Preloadr - Photo editor with good image manipulation functions that is connected with your Flickr account .
Picnik -
Photo editor with many interesting features which is directly connected to many photo sharing sites .
Pixelmator - Pixelmator is a photo editing service for Mac users .
The design is superb and intuitive .
There are selection tools , paintbrushes of various size and shape , retouching tools , layering and much more .
You can enhance photos , analyze colors , add text , create stylized scenes with halftones and image blurring .
PHOTO SHARING
Zorpia - Zorpia is like Myspace with some more photo features , you can upload you photos and share them on your profile .
Clickfriends - Document your life with your own digital photo essay , then share it with friends and family through ClickFriends.com .
Now you can have the same site take care of your online photo albums and your Facebook or MySpace photo albums .
Just upload your photos to the ClickFriends site , and then have them exported to your profile on your preferred social networking site .
It ´s free and easy to sign up .
Snappages - Snappages.com provides space for you to save and organize your photos , your online friends from virtual communities , and your events in one well - designed web page .
It combines various web concepts , including online storage , file sharing , and Facebook - style friend communication .
Photorgy - Photorgy is photo uploading / sharing tool which works with AIM .
Photo albums can be shared and owned by any number of friends , family members , and colleagues .
SlideShare - SlideShare is a content sharing site where you can host and display presentations .
Maybe you would use it to show your professional work , or just for personal photo sharing , power point presentations about your latest entrepreneurial idea , or graphics you designed .
Zoomandgo - Contribute your travel photos , videos , or general advice to the Zoom and Go site , and they will reward you with cash .
The site has a system of points which can be awarded to the content you submit according to what kind of content it is ( written reviews receive less then photos , and videos receive the most ) .
Zooomr - Store , share , sort , sell , and search all your photos and those of other users at Zooomr .
Users can post comments on individual pictures , therefore , gaining feedback on the photo , as well as gaining insight into the other photographers who use the site .
Photos can be shared for free , or can be sold through the site .
BurstCast - Burstcast offers space for you to upload pics from your camera phone either by MMS or by e-mail , right from the phone .
On the site , you can choose for your photos to be made public and shown on the home page ( but it´s either all or nothing ; you can´t have some photos be public and some private ) .
Mostrips -
The photo sharing site is designed to let you create albums to be easily shared on mobile phones .
It ´s a useful way to send work if you are a photographer , or a head shot if you are a model or actor .
Or it can just be a fun way to share photos from your vacations among friends and family .
DPhoto - DPhoto is a photo sharing service which offers well - designed graphics and a professional appearance .
With DPhoto you can share your photos with friends and family in an ad - free , secure site .
Invitr - Invitr is a Flickr related application which simply extends your sharing capabilities .
With Invitr you can share your Flickr photos with non-Flickr members ; so photos that have been categorized as private can now be sent and shared with anyone you choose .
DigitalRailroad - Digital Railroad is aimed at aiding professional photographers connect with more fans and even help them connect to content providers and media companies who are looking to buy their work .
ContakMe - Contakme is a new site where you can upload an unlimited number of photos , create albums , and rate other people´s photos .
Flickr -
The most popular photo sharing site .
Upload photos , create sets and join one of the greatest communities of professional and unprofessional photographers .
Picasa - Google 's answer to photo sharing .
The main application is a download , but there are also web albums .
FREE PHOTO HOSTING
Photobucket - one of the most popular image hosting services around , favorite amongst MySpace users .
Makes it very easy to post your images to social networking sites ; gives you 25 GB of monthly traffic and 1 GB of storage with images themselves being up to 1 MB in size .
ImageShack -
The most popular image hosting service .
Upload images up to 1.5 MB and embed them in any web page .
AllYouCanUpload -
There is no limit to the image size you can upload .
You can also upload up to three images in the same time .
ImageHosting - Upload multiple pictures at one time .
The maximum filesize you can upload depends on what account you registered .
TinyPic - Upload pictures and videos and embed them anywhere .
The direct link for your picture or video will be tiny ( e.g. http://tinypic.com/1)
The ImageHosting - Upload multiple images at once and zipped image files .
Maximum file size allowed is 1 MB.
BayImg -
Free uncensored image hosting provided by the Pirate Bay .
The max file upload size is 100MB and you can can upload about 140 different formats .
XS . to - Upload your images and embed them anywhere .
You can also delete images you previously uploaded .
Max file size allowed is 2.5 MB .
ImgPlace - Upload up to five images at one time .
Maximum file size allowed is 1.5 MB FreeImageHosting .net - Register to host your images for free .
Maximum file size is 3,000 KB .
FileHigh -
The free " Economy " account lets you upload up to three images simultaneously and the maximum size for each file is 512 KB .
VillagePhotos - Upload pictures straight from your browser and host them online .
1 GB monthly data transfer .
ImageVenue -
You can upload up to five images in the same moment .
The maximum file size allowed is 1.5 MB .
ImageCross - Free MySpace image hosting .
You can upload images up to 2 MB in size .
SmugMug - SmugMug is a photo uploader , editor , and community portal all in one .
You can upload and share your photos , then store the photos with up to four backup copies of each photo in three varying states .
PHOTOGRAPHY BLOGS
Digital - Photography - School - Darren Rowse 's photo tips .
Thomas Hawk - Zooomr's Thomas Hawk on photography , Zooomr , Flickr and general tech news .
PhotoCritic - A site for photography criticism , with the intention of allowing photographers to critique each others ' work and share opinions , suggestions , and professional tips .
FlickrBlog -
While it 's not exclusively a photo blog , but from time to time the Flickr staff will pick a few photos and feature them on the blog and the users see this as a big honor .
DPreview - practically the only resource you 'll ever need for digital cameras ; incredibly in - depth and timely reviews of most models available on the market Shutterlog - some great photos here with attention to detail .
Chromasia - no words , only great photos Stuck In Customs - blog by one of the greatest HDR photographers on the net Black and White Photography - great photo blog focusing on B &W photos .
PHOTO MASHUPS
Flappr -
A slick Flash - based Flickr interface that lets you do most of the actions you can do on Flickr .
FlickrVision - displays
Flickr updates from various users on a Google Map .
Retrievr - an unbelievable mashup that delivers photos based on your drawings .
Flickr Logo Maker - Turns any text into a Flickr - style logo .
Spell with Flickr - this tool enables you to write text in letters based off Flickr images .
Not all that useful but fun .
Tagnautica - a slightly weird visual way to browse through Flickr images .
Captioner - adds comic - style captions to your images .
Fastr - a " guess that tag " style game ; you are presented with a series of images and you must guess their common tag .
PictureSandbox - Searches the Flickr archive ( as well as that of YouTube and some other sites ) based on the type of license ; great tool for finding images you can actually use in a project FlickrFling - presents an RSS feed through Flickr images .
Completely useless but works as a fun experiment .
Colr Pickr -
One of the most useful Flickr Mashups ; enables you to search Flickr photos based on their color .
Works surprisingly well .
FlickrBall - a six - degrees - of - separation scavenger - hunt game ( yes , Kevin Bacon is mentioned ) , using Flickr thumbnails and tags for clues .
Photo Tag Mashup - Retrieves a number of Flickr images in a simple interface based on a tag you provide Flickr Sudoku - a Sudoku game based on Flickr images .
MOBILE PHOTO SHARING
SnapZone -
An online service that lets you upload your photos directly from your mobile via a wireless connection .
Snapzone allows you to free up space on your phone "s memory while also giving you an instantaneous way to share your images with friends .
SnapZone is also a community site , so if your friends join you can use it to share your pictures easily in one place .
Fotochatter - network that enables you to share mobile pictures with your friends , as well as receive images from your buddies on your phone Radar - creates picture conversations - you send your pictures to Radar and your friends can instantly see them and comment on them Shozu - Mobile uploading to photo sites including Flickr .
PHOTO MIXING AND SLIDESHOWS
Slide - create slideshows easily and embed them on your site or social networking profile .
Rock
You - offers several free services , including slideshow creation , photo hosting , photo enhancement and more .
Scrapblog -
An online service that lets you upload your photos from many of the popular photo sharing websites and mash them up with hundreds of stickers , shapes , text and YouTube videos to create a digital scrapbook Vuvox - Vuvox lets you create online animated and interactive slideshows using a range of effects , theme templates and designs Mixercast - Mixercast lets you mashup your photos and movies into animated , interactive slide shows and throws in ag ood library of stock photo , video and licensed music to use as a soundtrack Flektor - Flektor has a great set of tools for adding transitions , text , stickers , effects and overlays into movies made out of your photos and online videos
PHOTO PRINTING / BOOK CREATION
Snapfish - Snapfish is run by HP , they let you store and share your photos for free , and prints are cheap with highest quality at 12¢ each .
You can also have things like mugs and cards made with your pictures on them .
Fotki -
A photo - sharing and hosting site , you can share you photos with others or use it with your blog .
It has some unique features like FTP access , and users can choose to sell their photos .
There is an integrated printing service that lets you print at many different sizes at good prices .
KodakGallery - Kodak Gallery is owned by Kodak ( no surprise there ) , like the other they let you store and share photos and then make prints and have custom gifts made .
Shutterfly - Shutterfly not only lets you store and share photos and then have them printed , you can also pic up your prints right at Target stores .
Moo -
Moo currently has partnerships with many social networks including Flickr , Vox , and Bebo , you can print small minicards and notecards with the photos you have uploaded to these sites .
PHOTO SEARCH
PicSearch - image search with some interesting options ; for example , you can choose to search only black and white or color photos .
YotoFoto - a search engine which claims to be indexing over a quarter million Creative Commons , Public Domain , GNU FDL , and various other ' copyleft ' images .
Google Image Search - a resource so commonly used it does n't need a special explanation ; still one of the best ways to find images of any kind on the web .
Pixsy -
Image search engine that 's striking a lot of partnerships .
Also provides PixsyPower , a custom video and photo search for your own site .
StockPhotoFinder - a search engine specialized in finding stock photos .
EveryStockPhoto - this site is indexing over 1 million completely free photos from various sources .
STOCK PHOTOS
iStockPhoto - royalty - free images for low prices ; there are n't any completely free photos here , but photo quality is above average Fotolia - Another cheap royalty - free image provider , with nearly 2 million photos in stock SXC.hu - one of the best ( and biggest ) repositories of completely free stock photography on the net .
MorgueFile - provides completely free photos ; no registration required to download .
PixelPerfectDigital - 5000 + free stock photos StockXpert - the commercial arm of Stock Xchange ; offers cheap but quality royalty - free material Alamy - Alamy is a search engine for stock photos which boasts millions of images from thousands of photographers , picture agencies and national collections .
The site does the editing and classification of the images .
— — — — — ————-
Video blogging , live video shows and professional film - making are all blossoming now that almost everyone has access to webcams , video cameras and affordable editing tools .
In fact , many of the tools for editing , mixing and sharing your clips are now completely free .
Here 's a wide selection of video tools available online .
LIVE VIDEO COMMUNICATIONS
Stickam -
The best site for live video communications with multiple people .
There is no major competition for Stickam just yet .
Blogtv - Blogtv is a recent discovery to the public .
It allows you to do a live video show , and you can stream it live , as well as archive it for later use .
ooVoo -
This allows you to carry on video conversations with live video through a Skype - like program .
Mogulus -
This site is basically an all in one broadcast solution for video .
You can create , edit , and add things similar to broadcast companies could add .
Ustream -
Allows you to stream live video and you can also embed the player in to your own website .
HeyCosmo -
A downloadable application that allows you to connect with other people in many ways , even play games and more .
Operator11 - Go live with your camera and create your own channels .
You can also send video comments and remix your videos .
ONLINE VIDEO HOW-TO
Better YT Video Quality -
This guide helps you with getting the best possible video quality on YouTube , can be applied to other sites as well .
Make Internet TV -
This guide has step - by - step instructions for shooting , editing , and publishing videos on the Internet .
How to put your readers at the scene - A scene - setting guide for online web journalists .
Tips for shooting better online video - learn the equipment , shooting and editing basics from this collection of tips .
Online video tips - a Squidoo lens with several useful online video shooting and editing tips .
Home video tips - Chris Pirillo 's tips for shooting better videos at home .
Camcorderinfo -
Every online video comes from a camcorder , so here is the best place to get opinions on your next camcorder purchase .
5 Ways To Create a Great Video Podcast -
A great article that applies to both video podcasts and video production in general .
ONLINE VIDEO EDITORS
Eyespot - add effects and transitions to the videos you upload , or use some of the large amount of free video clips and music from Eyespot 's media partners .
MuveeMix - Upload your movie , mix it with music , add cool effects and share it on MySpace , Friendster , Blogger , and other networks .
Motionbox -
This service features the ability to link to a very specific point or " segment " within the clip itself .
Cuts -
Insert sound effects in your videos , add captions , loop the best parts and in minutes you can share your creation with the world .
JumpCut - a free service that enables you to upload , edit and share your videos .
Offers keyframe - based editing , effects , transitions and actions .
VideoEgg -
A video editing platform that you can add to create a social network and offers opportunities for monetization .
Mojiti - Select videos from popular video sharing sites , personalize them with your annotations and share them with others .
Photobucket - Edit videos within a browser using Flash and remix photos and home videos with other elements , such as music , video captions and transitions .
StashSpace - Upload , store and edit your videos online .
You can also record videos directly from your camcorder or digital camera .
BubblePly - Video annotating service where anyone can add text bubbles that are synchronized with video .
Veotag -
Service that lets you display clickable text , called " veotags , " within an audio or video file .
Vidavee Grafitti - add graphics and text into any video ; the service is called a " legal form of artful vandalism " by the creators .
Vmix - Vmix is a community and a hosting provider for your videos , aimed at creative authors who want to create remixes of their music and videos .
MovieMasher - a combination of a video editor with a timeline and lots of various effects , a standalone player and a media browser .
MixerCast - Mix your media with professional video , images , music , and network your MixerCast everywhere .
Fliptrack -
Make a free musical photo slideshow and music video .
It 's easy to do and you do it online .
ONLINE VIDEO CONVERTERS
Zamzar - converts all sorts of file formats , including several video formats .
Media Convert - a media converter with a huge amount of options ; resulting videos can sometimes be out of sync with audio .
Vixy - a simple converter that can only convert Flash apps from the web to several other video formats .
Hey Watch ! - an online video converter focusing on file formats that works on portable multimedia devices , like the iPod .
MediaConverter - a video converter that can be slow and needs polishing , but can sometimes yield really good results .
Movavi - another video converter that allows you to upload videos and convert them to formats you wish to use .
VIDEO SHARING
YouTube - YouTube is the king of the video sharing sites , it has more users and videos than the others .
Any video you can think of it probably already on YouTube .
Google Video - Since Google bought YouTube , Google 's Video player is mainly used for for - pay content like TV shows .
Also there is a search here that indexes all of the video sharing sites on the internet ( well , most of them ) .
Blip.tv - Blip.tv is the perfect video sharing site for video podcast makers .
It 's designed to let them easily upload all types and qualities of media and then send them to their feed for the users .
They also let you add ads to you video so you can make some money .
Ourmedia - A great site where you can upload audio , video , images , and text and share them with the world .
The OurMedia community contains over 100,000 members .
Veoh -
Watch long form , television quality content and publish your own videos .
DailyMotion - Video sharing platform with multiple video search options .
You can join groups of people who publish videos based on a common interest .
Metacafe - A site that helps you discover the best videos through a community that filters , reviews and rates new videos every day .
UnCut - Video uploading and sharing community by AOL .
Embed all the videos you want in your blog .
ClipShack - video sharing community that allows you to upload video clips , make friends , keep a collection of your favorite videos and comment on clips .
5 min - Video sharing site with a particular vision : collecting videos that can visually explain anything in 5 minutes .
Brightcove - Search , click and watch .
Music videos , news , travel , recipes , adventure .
Thousands of channels , including the best in online video .
Viddler - Viddler lets add tags and comments to video that will show up at specific times .
It also has unique features like flickr and twitter integration .
Revver -
The first video sharing site that provides users with the possibility to earn money from the videos they upload .
Vimeo - Vimeo is a video sharing site that has an emphasis on it's users .
The video's you find there are more likely to be home movies or shorts by aspiring film makers , and also a lot of lip dubs .
Yahoo Video - Yahoo's version of online video .
Similar to Google video , but done the Yahoo way .
HelpfulVideo -
Share your knowledge and skills with others for free or little charge via video clips .
BroadbandSports -
A video sharing site specifically for sharing sports related videos .
Travelistic - A video sharing site that allows users to post video content specific to travel .
Livevideo - Video sharing site that lets you create personal channels .
Upload your own videos and share them with the world .
Kewego -
A video sharing network where you can upload your own videos and view videos by others .
Godtube - It 's a Christian version of YouTube .
All things Christian welcomed .
Coull.tv -
An interactive twist to video , this site allows you to view video and add interactive elements to it by using your mouse .
Mediabum - Video sharing site focusing on funny videos .
VMIX - Another video sharing website ;
All content is screened , so be sure everything you upload is legit .
Grouper - Video sharing site with a big selection of content ; enables you to create playlists and easily upload videos to MySpace .
Break -
Break is a video site and more for comedic based content .
Videosift - a Digg - like site which lets you submit , vote , and comment on videos .
GeeVee - GeeVee is a video sharing site specifically for sharing videos of game play in video games .
Stage6 - A video site that uses the Divx player so you can upload High Definition video , of course this also means longer upload times , and you need DivX support ( usually a browser plugin ) .
Tube Battle - vote for the best videos , organized by category .
VIDEO HOSTING
TinyPic -
Host videos and images for free ; it is possible to upload videos in the most popular formats and link videos on MySpace , eBay , blogs and message boards
Vidilife - Upload videos and store them online .
There is no limit in terms of length of the files you can upload .
Dropshots -
Good site that lets you upload videos , share them and embed them on other sites .
ZippyVideos - Upload and store video files ( maximum 20 MB ) in the most popular video formats .
Supload -
Free service to host video clips and images .
Maximum video file size allowed is 20 MB .
Rupid -
Another provider of free video hosting : you can host your videos and share them with others .
Pixilive - Free images and video hosting for MySpace , eBay , Facebook and other sites .
Maximum size for videos is 10 MB .
Mydeo - store and stream your videos online .
You will be able to embed a video on any website and send streaming video messages .
YourFileHost - Upload files anonymously and share them with others .
You can upload any file format up to 25 MB .
VIDEO ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT
Aggrega - create and organize your own music video channels and share them with others .
Feedbeat - a fantastic service that lets you create playlists with videos from different sources - YouTube , Google Video and others .
Each playlist gets its own subdomain on feedbeat .net .
Ajaxilicious - an online movie catalogue which enables you to manage your movies and share them with others via RSS .
Cliproller - create custom video channels and add as many as you like to your personal Cliproller page .
CozmoTV - CozmoTV is a site that allows you to create and organize channels of video already existing online .
VIDCASTS AND VLOGGING
BlogCheese - a simple way to create and share a video blog - all you need is a webcam .
Revision3 - A video podcasting network that 's home to many well made video podcasts , including Diggnation , which is Kevin Rose and Alex Albrecht 's video podcast about the top stories on Digg .
Jabbits - Social video blogging : Use your webcam to record your Post or Jab with an easy - to - use recorder .
Ask a Ninja - got questions ?
Ask a ninja !
One of the most popular vidcasts in the world , and definitely the funniest .
Galacticast - a weekly Sci - fi comedy podcast , episodes usually consists of lots of really geeky parodies .
Scriggity - A news podcast , where the viewers send in the news that they think should be on the shows .
SuperDeluxe - A site to find videos that focus mainly on comedic content .
DL.TV - Some of the the old TechTV crew back at it again with their own own show on all things tech .
One of the best video podcasts for tech geeks .
Webnation - Amber Mac 's bi-weekly video podcast with news and interviews relating to current events in the tech world .
Tom Green 's the Channel - A daily video podcast that is recorded live and is hosted by Tom Green .
He usually has a celebrity guest on the show .
GeekBrief TV - a daily podcast hosted by Cali Lewis , it 's a 3 - 5 minute update on the latest tech news .
This Week in Tech - famous tech vidcast by Leo Laporte , one of the most viewed vidcasts in the world .
The Broken - tech show for teh 1337 h4x0rz .
Digg Podcasts - a long list of popular podcasts , containing most of the vidcasts on this list and many more .
VIDEO MASHUPS
Virtual Video Map - YouTube videos on a Google map .
Find out where do all those cool videos come from .
RealPeopleStuff - a site that combines CraigsList and YouTube , offering video clips related to ads .
TagTV - enter a tag and get results from Flickr and YouTube .
Clean and simple design makes TagTV a very neat way to browse photos and videos .
I Love Music Video - combines
YouTube with info from your Last .
FM account .
Great way to get videos ( at least until Last .
FM signs an evil deal with all those content providers and starts offering music videos ) .
MusicPortl - information on bands and musicians containing biographies , Flickr images , related blog posts and YouTube videos .
Magg - aggregates videos from several video sites .
Also works as a search engine .
RateMyDanceMoves - Hot or Not - style site , presenting you dance - related YouTube videos to vote on .
ReviewTube - a site that enables you to add captions to YouTube videos .
Nice idea , but relatively poor execution - the captions frequently overlap , making the text unreadable .
MOBILE VIDEO APPS
Youtube mobile - a stripped down version of YouTube tailored for use on mobile phones .
Shozu - a free service for your phone that makes it easy to send and receive photos , videos and music
Abazab - a universal video player that also works on your mobile phone .
Srobbin Mobile Video -
An unofficial search for Google video on your cell phone .
Yahoo Mobile -
Yahoo mobile allows you to search , find , and play videos right on your cell phone .
MobiTV - MobiTV allows you to watch television video from popular networks of all kinds .
MTV Mobile Video -
Anything MTV related all for download to watch on your cell phone .
ESPN MVP - If you are a Verizon Wireless customer and have the V Cast service enabled , you can watch sports clips and more .
Moblr - Moblr allows you to view videos uploaded to the site directly on your cell phone .
Mobunga -
This site allows you to download videos to your mobile phone , as well as iPod and PSP .
VIDEO SEARCH
Blinkx - Perform searches within the most popular video networks , such as CBS , Reuters and CNN .
Users can search for content and create TV channels that splice relevant content together .
PureVideo - Search within the most popular video directories and video sharing sites .
PureVideo features up to six channels and each channel contains about six source sites .
SearchVideo - Search engine and directory created by AOL .
Users can also search within specific video channels like MySpace and YouTube .
Search For Video - search engine and video directory that displays results from hundreds of video channels .
Search For Video also provides an add - on for Firefox .
Yahoo !
Video Search - Yahoo ! has a video search engine that gathers videos from Yahoo !
directory and from many other online sources .
You can also search within specific domains or sites .
TubeSurf - Video search engine that gathers results from popular video directories , such as YouTube , Yahoo !
Video , MySpace and Google Video .
TubeSurf is also available as an add - on for Firefox .
ClipRoller - Search across popular video sites , such as : YouTube , Metacafe and more .
As you continue to search for videos , ClipRoller learns your preferences and delivers content you like to watch .
Pixsy -
A video search engine that lets users search content across dozens of video sites .
Users are allowed to save searches and single videos .
ScoopVid - Search engine that enables you to either search for videos or browse through channels and categories .
Google Video Search - Google 's Video search recently was updated and now searches many video sites other than just YouTube and Google Video .
AOL Video - once known as the great media search engine , the AOL - purchased Singing Fish , AOL Video kept some traits of the crowd 's favorite place to look for hard to find videos , but true fans claim that the site is not as good as its predecessor .
Truveo -
Search videos or browse by either channel or category .
Altavista Video - good old Altavista is n't what it used to be , but it does have a video search section .
ONLINE VIDEO DOWNLOADS
VideoRonk - Search and download your favorite videos from YouTube , Google Video , Metacafe , DailyMotion , iFilm , MySpace , Vimeo , Blip.tv , Revver and more .
VideoDL - Download online videos available on YouTube , Google Video and Break.com stright to your computer .
Vixy - Grab videos from popular sites and convert them into various video formats ( including iPod and PSP ) .
KeepVid - Download videos from many video sharing sites , including YouTube , Google Video , MySpace Videos , DailyMotion , Blip.tv , Revver and other services .
VideoDownloader -
Get videos from video sharing sites .
VideoDownloader is also available as a Firefox extension , allowing you to seamlessly integrate it within your browser .
YouTubeX - Download videos from YouTube .
It does n’t have a lot of options in terms of video sites among which you could choose , but it is very easy to use .
DownThisVideo -
This site lets you download videos from YouTube , GoogleVideo , MetaCafe , Vimeo and other services .
KissYouTube - A service that provides two interesting and effective ways to download videos from YouTube .
YouTubeDownloads -
Another site that lets you download videos exclusively from YouTube ( other sites are not supported ) .
Kcoolonline - Download videos on your hard disk from more than 90 sites , including YouTube , Google Video , Metacafe , iFilm and MySpace , Yahoo and many more .
YouTubia - A
YouTube clone that lets you download and save YouTube videos within your IE or Firefox browser .
MediaConverter - A platform that lets you download and convert videos straight from YouTube .
MISCELLANEOUS VIDEO TOOLS
Hellodeo - Record videos from your webcam and post them on any web page .
Flikzor - Send and receive video comments on your profile , blog and more .
Flixn - Record a video message right in the web browser and share anywhere including MySpace and eBay .
GabMail - Service that enable users to send unlimited numbers of free video email messages .
Bubble Guru -
A site for recording webcam video messages and getting them onto your website or sending to others .
CamTwist - Software package ( for Mac computers ) that lets you add special effects to your video chats .
WebcamMax - Software that lets you add videos , screen , pictures , flash and effects to virtual or real webcam and broadcast on all messengers ( Windows only ) .
StumbleUpon Video - Just press " Stumble ! " and a random video is presented to you , you can also ask for random videos with in categories like Humor , or Cats .
CrowdRules - video answers to your questions .
ClipSync - interact with other users while watching the same video as them .
ClipSyndicate - publish broadcast quality news on your web site .
Broadbandsports - a big collection of sports - related videos .
ONLINE TV
For this section please visit our roundup of free online television services .
— — — — — ————-
Podcasting - distributing shows over the web for downloading to computers and mobile devices - has been a big trend over the past few years .
While over - hyped in the early days , podcasting is proving itself to be a great communication medium .
Many podcasters now make a full or part - time income from their shows : here 's a plethora of tools to help out all those self - made podcast stars .
PODCAST CREATION GUIDELINES
How To Create a Podcast - About.com 's step - by - step tutorial for podcast beginners .
iLounge Guide to Podcast Creation - another guide for creating your own podcast for absolute beginners .
Podcasting Legal Guide - find about legal issues relevant to podcasting in this Creative Commons guide .
PODCAST HOSTING , SHARING AND NETWORKING ( FREE )
Pickstation - A
Digg for podcasts and music .
Collectik - " Mixtapes for podcasts " : find , share and organize podcasts .
Podbean - Free podcast hosting and publishing .
Castpost - Free hosting for audio and video clips .
HeyCast - A tool to create video podcasts .
Essentially , HeyCast creates RSS feeds from any existing video files on the web .
It does n't provide hosting or sharing features .
Blubrry - A podcast network that lets you create a podcast and browse the podcasts of others .
Evoca -
" You Tube for voice recordings " : create audio recordings from your computer mic , your phone or Skype , share them with others and embed them on websites .
The PodcastNetwork - A network of podcasts on a range of topics including business , entertainment and comedy .
MyPodcast - podcast hosting solution offering unlimited storage , bandwidth , and free templates for your podcasts .
PodServe - this service is still in alpha stage , but everyone 's invited to try it out .
It offers a hosting space for your podcast and a directory of user - created podcasts .
PodcastPeople - a service that enables you to post text , audio and video materials to your own customized show , and even earn some income from it through sponsors .
PCastBaby - free podcast hosting service offering 10 MB of storage space and unlimited bandwidth .
Podomatic - create , find and share podcasts with this free service .
Blubrry - create your podcast on Blubrry ; browse through other podcasts and create your personal playlist .
PODCAST ADVERTISING
Podango - get free unlimited hosting for your podcast and share ad revenue with Podango 50/50 .
Podbridge - Provides podcast metrics and advertising .
Podtrac - a service that connects podcasters with advertisers .
AUDIO TOURS
TourCaster - Find audio tours of your favorite cities and download them to your iPod.
iAudioGuide - Find audio guides for major world cities and download them to portable devices .
VIDEO PODCASTING
Veodia - Create live TV shows and convert them to video podcasts .
Blip.tv - A " video podcasting " service .
Broadly similar to YouTube , but the focus is on independent creators , who get a share of revenue .
MOBILE PODCASTING
Podlinez - a simple service to listen to podcasts on your phone .
Gabcast - Record podcasts straight from your phone .
Yodio - Record audio from your phone , add photos and captions .
TEXT TO PODCASTS
BlueGrind - Converts text ( especially blogs ) into podcasts .
Feed2Podcast - Convert any RSS feed into a podcast .
Talkr - Convert blogs to audio podcasts .
Odiogo - convert RSS feeds , text articles and blog posts to podcasts .
PODCASTS TO TEXT
CastingWords - a podcast transcription service that converts podcasts to text for $ 0.75 minute .
It employs human transcribers .
PODCAST DIRECTORIES
Grepr Podcasts -
A directory that makes recommendations by finding patterns in your interests and comparing the interests of others .
Yahoo Podcasts - Explore podcasts , listen to them , subscribe to them and even create your own .
MobilCast - directory of podcasts and radio shows , complete with playlists .
PodcastAlley - a podcast directory with over 30,000 podcasts .
Maintains a monthly top list .
DigitalPodcast - a simple , categorized podcast directory Podcast . net - a very comprehensive podcast directory ; contains tens of thousands of podcasts .
PodcastDirectory.com - a directory of podcasts with a top list , a list of featured podcasts , and categorization .
PodcastDirectory.org - a simple directory with a very clean layout .
Podfeed .net - on Podfeed you can host and share your podcast , find podcasts , as well as read and write podcast reviews .
iAmplify - A premium directory where you pay to download self - help podcasts .
Earkive - Directory that lets you listen to podcasts on your phone ( mobile or landline )
LIVE PODCASTING
Talkshoe - Create your own live talkshow or interactive podcast .
Waxxi - Audio shows streamed live , mainly with notable technologists .
Once recorded , the live shows are available as podcasts .
NowLive - A social network that lets anyone create a live , interactive talk show .
Stickam for audio , in some ways .
PODCAST HOSTING ( PREMIUM )
PodcastSpot - Offers both free and premium podcast hosting .
SwitchPod - a podcast hosting service , with unmetered bandwidth , statistics and even some promotional opportunities .
Hipcast - create audio , video materials and podcasts and post them to your blog .
Libsyn - Liberated Syndication will host your podcasts for a modest monthly fee .
PODCAST SEARCH
Everyzing - Audio and video search engine .
Podscope - an audio and video search engine that searches the words spoken in podcasts .
Pluggd - Discover and share podcasts , and search for specific parts of podcasts using advanced search technology called HearHere .
PodNova - Podcast search and community .
PODCAST FORUMS
Podcast Alley Forum - a well visited forum on everything related to podcasting .
DigitalPodcast Forum - a good forum for promoting your podcast .
World Podcast Forum - a fresh forum about podcasting .
PODCAST CREATION SOFTWARE ( OFFLINE )
Propaganda - Create professional podcasts including background music , jingles , crossfading and more .
Windows only .
Free trial , $ 49.95 to buy .
Audacity - Free , open source software for recording and editing audio .
Versions for Mac OS X , Windows , GNU / Linux and other operating systems .
Adobe Soundbooth - Advanced audio editing from Adobe . Windows and Mac .
Free trial , $ 199 to buy .
Wildvoice Podcast Studio - Record audio , add music and sound effects and upload to Wildvoice.com or other sites .
Windows only .
SnapKast - Podcast creation for Windows . $ 79.99 .
PODCAST CREATION SOFTWARE ( ONLINE )
Odeo - Perhaps the most popular podcasting platform .
It allows you to record audio within your browser , embed it anywhere and create your own audio channels .
Hipcast - Record high - quality audio right through the web browser or your phone .
No additional software needed .
Gcast - Record , mix and broadcast your podcasts .
You can record messages by phone and upload MP3 files from your computer .
Podomatic -
This site lets you record video and audio online directly from your browser .
You can also receive in line calls from listeners wanting to leave voice comments .
ClickCaster - create , broadcast and sell your very own radio shows and podcasts .
You can record audio right from your browser or upload an existing MP3 .
Wild Voice Shout Recorder -
Online service that lets you record audio files through an intuitive interface but does n't let you edit them or add special effects .
MISCELLANEOUS PODCASTING TOOLS
Enablr - make your podcasts indexed and searchable .
PodShow - a network that brings audio , video , podcasts , and music to your computer , iPod , mobile device , or television .
Divicast - enhance your podcast with images and text and share it with everyone .
Divvycast - where podcasting and music meet .
Helps bands to create podcasts .
Podbop -
Find bands in your city and download free MP3s to your iPod to preview their music ahead of the show .
Noisely - Enter a subject you 're interested in , and Noisely serves up a selection of podcasts you 'll like .
Press play , and all the ' casts stream continuously until you stop them .
— — — — — ————-
Musicians need to reach fans ; fans want to find musicians .
The web is the perfect way to connect them .
There are now literally hundreds of music social networks where you can sample a wide variety of music , plus hundreds of online stores and marketplaces that ensure the artist gets a fair cut .
Here 's our selection of the most interesting services in the online music space .
INTERNET RADIO
Last .
FM - one of the most popular music communities around , with personalized radio stations , a stunning array of social networking features , RSS support and lots more .
Slacker - personalized Internet radio which offers a desktop version of the application and a hardware portable music player .
Available only in the United States .
ShoutCast -
A large directory of Internet radio stations , categorized by genre .
Streams work in Winamp .
Live365 - A directory of web - based Internet radio stations - expect popups .
Yahoo !
Music - listen to Internet radio and watch music videos on Yahoo's music portal .
AOL Music - AOL 's take on internet radio .
Offers music from XM as well .
Pandora - a very popular Internet radio / community which brings you new music based on stuff you like .
Works only in the US & Canada at the moment .
Yottamusic - a huge music library boasting over 3.4 million songs , accessible from your web browser .
MUSIC DISCOVERY TOOLS
MusicMesh - browse through artists based on their similarities ; find tracklists and reviews for albums .
Blogmusik - browse through top lists and listen to popular artists for free .
Musicovery - discover new music with this cool take on Internet radio .
SOCIAL NETWORKS
See also : 12 of the Best Music Social Networks
i Like - a community that lets you discover new music based on you and your friends ' tastes .
PureVolume - a " MySpace for music " , albeit with a classier design .
ProjectPlaylist - popular site for sharing playlists and posting them to other social networks .
Imeem - another playlist - sharing community for artists and fans that also supports embedding of tracks on other social sites and blogs .
MP3.com - the famous music site is now a social network similar to MySpace Music .
iJigg - a place for indie bands and artists to post their music , which the users can download for free .
MOG - a place to share your music and video library and exchange thoughts on music with others .
Fuzz - discover new music ; artists can sell their music , but there are also free songs to be found on the site .
eListeningPost - convert your tracks into preview files , then sell them and keep 94 % of the profits .
ProjectOpus - Music community for indie bands , complete with widgets to post on MySpace and blogs .
Rapspace.tv - social networking for rap and hiphop .
Musocity - a music community with profiles for fans , artists , retailers and music venues .
Haystack - social networking , playlist sharing and band profiles .
Bandbuzz - find and rate music playlists in a Digg - like interface .
Midomi - find songs by humming or singing the tune .
Then explore profile pages and network with others .
Buzznet - large pop culture community with news , videos , photos and member profiles .
JukeboxAlive - Upload music and share tracks with friends .
Bands can sell their CDs , write a blog and post events to a calendar .
MusicHawk - track bands and see band - related news and reviews , as well as information on gigs and new releases .
ReverbNation - social network connecting bands , fans and venues .
MusicNation - find new music , watch music videos ; if you 're an indie / unsigned artist , join for a chance to get exposure or even a record contract .
Grooveshark - an online service that rewards you for sharing , reviewing , and discovering new music ( currently in private testing - enter you email address on the homepage to be notified of the launch ) .
Dopetracks - upload and share your tracks and beats , and record music online .
Funk Player - a music sharing community where authors can upload songs , while everyone can bookmark , select , listen and comment on them .
FIQL - social playlist sharing .
Soundflavor - create playlists and share them with other users ; meet people with similar taste and discover new music .
FineTune - pick an artist and receive a custom playlist featuring music by that artists and other related artists .
MusicMobs - browse through playlists and create your own in a simple interface .
MUSIC SHARING APPLICATIONS AND WIDGETS
uPlayMe - a downloadable application that lets you meet people with similar music tastes .
DotTunes - share your iTunes collection with friends through your web browser .
Audiozue - A Mac OSX application that posts your recently - played iTunes tracks to your MySpace page or blog .
Sonific - a music network where you can store the music you hold the rights to , and syndicate it to other sites with SongSpot widgets .
Mediamaster - upload your entire music collection and access it from anywhere in the world .
You can also publish this music via widgets to any website .
BooMP3 - upload and share your MP3s ; unlimited hosting .
Goombah - an application that scans your iTunes library and connects you with like minded users .
Maestro - upload your entire music library and access it from anywhere .
MUSIC MARKETPLACES
iTunes - Apple 's overwhelmingly popular music download store is a service that requires little in the way of introduction .
Amie Street - music market where music starts with free price , and the price increases as a track becomes more popular ( the price never goes above 1 dollar ) .
Emusic - one of the most successful " indie " music stores , with over 100 million DRM - free tracks sold .
Bleep - high - quality MP3s with prices that are a bit high , but offering a great assortment of quality music .
MP3 Tunes - an online music store offering 30,000 albums and some 360,000 songs in its catalog .
Amazon - a soon - to - come music store which should have a huge assortment of music from big and indie labels alike .
PayPlay .FM - choose between over 1.4 million indie music tracks , and buy them in either MP3 or WMA format .
Beatport - a Flash - based music store with an embeddable player .
Audio Lunchbox - choose between 2 million DRM - free songs in MP3 or OGG format .
Indiepad - buy music from indie artists ; if you 're an artist , sell music to people directly on the site .
Indistr - another audio marketplace that connects indie artists with the listeners .
Mtraks - an indie music marketplace with a very interesting and quite strong music collection in store .
MagnaTune - here you 'll find an assortment of music from various genres , ranging from electronica , rock and chillout to metal & punk .
Jamendo - an online music repository offering thousands of albums for free while still protecting the artists ' intellectual rights .
Musicane - buy and sell audio , video and ringtones .
Musiclovr - music search , recommendations and a store .
Purchases are made via Amazon and iTunes .
MySpace Music / Snocap - through Snocap 's embedded music stores , bands on MySpace sell tunes to the social network 's huge audience .
Bands can also sign up for Snocap independently and sell music elsewhere .
JAMMING
Ejamming - jam with other musicians and record music online .
Kompoz - compose music with other musicians .
Record a track , then invite other musicians to add their own instruments .
Jamnow - a musical collaboration site where you can jam with other musicians .
Jam sessions can be broadcast live .
Indaba - listen to completed music or works in progress and give your feedback ; join in the music - making sessions or start your own .
JamJunky - have a song that 's not quite finished yet ?
Or , better yet , have a dozen ?
Organize them with JamJunky .
KARAOKE
Singshot - the " YouTube of Karaoke " : record yourself singing along to popular music and listen to others doing the same .
kSolo - sing along to backing tracks , and rate the recordings of others .
REMIXING
Jamglue - remix your music online and listen to other users ' mixes .
Splice - upload samples , remix them and post them for others to hear .
YourSpins - mix your own version of your favorite track , share it and post it to your blog or MySpace page .
MOBILE MUSIC SERVICES
Flotones - a mobile social network which allows indie bands and artists to sell their content for use on mobiles .
Entertonement - a large directory of ringtones , with top lists and categorization for easier browsing .
Mercora - a social radio network that enables you to search and listen to over 3.5 million songs ; offers an application for listening to music on your smartphone .
MUSIC CHARTS
Billboard - home of the Billboard charts , with music videos and reviews .
MTV 's music charts - MTV charts and videos .
Videos playable only in the US .
ChartU - a " Digg for music " : vote on tracks to boost them up the chart .
ARTIST DATABASES
Allmusic - probably the most comprehensive music database on the Internet .
If your favorite artists are n't there , well , then you 're listening to some pretty unknown artists .
Pandora Backstage - artist profiles and discographies from the personalized streaming service .
You can create a custom radio station straight from an artist 's page .
LYRIC DATABASES
AbsoluteLyrics - Lyrics for all major artists .
Hot Lyrics - huge alphabetized lyrics database .
Hard to navigate , but lots of content .
MUSIC SEARCH ENGINES
Qloud - Music search meets social networking .
Currently back in private testing once , but Mashable has a review here .
The service that launches next may be substantially different , however .
FindSounds - a search engine for sound effects and music instrument samples .
Musipedia - find and listen to songs based on keywords you provide .
AUDIO CONVERSION TOOLS
Zamzar - converts all sorts of file formats , including several audio formats .
Media Convert - a media converter with a huge amount of options .
MediaConverter - a media converter that can be slow and needs polishing , but can sometimes yield really good results .
MISCELLANEOUS MUSIC AND AUDIO TOOLS
Bluegrind - converts text to audio .
BePopular - find gigs in UK and Ireland and get your tickets .
Getabuz - create voicemail and audio e-cards online .
iden.tify.us - can't figure out where a certain melody comes from ?
Identify it with the help of this service .
Houndbite - share funny audio clips from your life with other users , with the possibility to earn prizes .
Story Highlights • U.S. military has thousands of slot machines on overseas bases
• The slots generate well over $ 100 million ; funds used for recreation activities
• Critic charges that the military should n't use vice to pay for such programs
• Military stands by its slot machines
Adjust font size :
BANGOR , Maine ( CNN ) -- Carrie Walsh 's husband was a decorated Apache helicopter pilot for the U.S. Army .
But years ago , Aaron Walsh started playing slot machines on military bases .
He became a gambling addict .
It eventually ruined his military career .
Then last fall , with his life in a tailspin , the 34 - year - old walked into the Maine woods , put a gun to his head and killed himself -- after what his wife says was one final " gambling binge . "
" The military has this culture of taking care of their own , " says Carrie Walsh .
" But it seems like when it comes to this , they just , you know , profited from his addiction and then threw him away . "
There are thousands of slot machines on military bases overseas .
The military says the revenue from the slots -- well over $ 100 million annually -- is used to fund recreation programs overseas , such as swimming pools , movie theaters and concerts .
Critics say it is an outrage that the military , which has a budget of more than $ 500 billion this fiscal year , takes money from the pockets of its troops and runs slot machines that generate revenues that equal a medium - sized Las Vegas casino operation .
" The military should not be a predator on its own soldiers and their families , " says John Kindt , a business professor at the University of Illinois who has spent years studying the matter .
" To be a predator of their own people that are serving their country is outrageous . "
( Watch why Kindt believes the military should be ashamed )
Earlier this year , Kindt issued a report titled " Gambling with Terrorism and U.S. Military Readiness " that blasted the military 's gaming machines .
He says many soldiers trapped in overseas posts can ill afford access to gambling machines .
Kindt says people drawn to military life are predisposed to become gambling addicts .
They 're generally young and they 're risk - takers , he says .
He adds that those type - A personalities are the " ones most likely to get hooked . "
About 2.2 percent of military personnel have indicators of probable pathological gambling , he says , compared with about 0.77 to 1.6 percent in the general population .
Military : Slots are needed
Rich Gorman , the Army 's point man on recreational activities , says there are 3,000 slot machines for the Army and Marines , bringing in $ 130 million .
The number of gaming machines for the Air Force and Navy were n't immediately disclosed .
( Back in 1999 , the last time numbers were made available , the Pentagon said it ran 8,000 slot machines on 94 overseas bases and posts . )
Gorman disagrees with critics like Kindt who say military personnel are more apt to get hooked on gambling .
Gorman said military personnel are no more likely to be addicted to gambling than anyone else .
Undersecretary of Defense Leslye Arsht , in a statement to CNN , said the machines on bases and posts provide " a controlled alternative to unmonitored host - nation gambling venues and offers a higher payment percentage making it more entertainment oriented than that found at typical casinos . "
" Department of Defense policy authorizes the military services to operate gaming and / or other amusement machines in overseas locations only , unless prohibited by host - country laws or agreements , " Arsht said .
As for Carrie Walsh , she says her husband struggled with gambling from the outset .
Aaron
Walsh had gone through one marriage and a suicide attempt after getting hooked on slots at a base in Germany , she says .
His addiction continued after the couple got married and moved to a base in South Korea , with him tearing through his military paychecks and maxing out his credit cards .
( Watch Carrie Walsh describe looking for her husband among the slots )
After he got in trouble for missing work and was grounded , his wife got fed up and headed back home to Maine .
She says the military did try to help her husband " when it became apparent that he had a problem . "
He checked into the military 's only gambling treatment program at Camp Pendleton in California , a program that has since shut down .
But it did little good .
Aaron Walsh was eventually kicked out of the military in September 2005 because of his addiction problems .
A few months later , he turned up in Maine .
Then one night last fall , he made his way to a civilian casino in Bangor , before killing himself .
" He had been doing really well staying away from it , and I think that he went and had like a gambling binge , and then realized what he had done and decided he was n't ever going to get better , " she said .
Television viewership continues to shrink .
The week of July 4th was the least - watched week in recorded history , as only 20.8 million viewers were tuned in to primetime TV at any given moment .
This was down from the previous low of 21.5 million viewers set last July .
While it 's obvious why the numbers would be low ( the US holiday , the excellent weather , summer reruns ) , the fact that records are being set shows that network TV is gradually losing its hold on popular culture .
While the free networks face challenges from newer forms of media like video games , the Internet , and MP3 players , they 're also competing against other ways of watching video content .
Consumers can now watch TV on cable , satellite , FiOS , IPTV , and the Internet , all of which offer far more options than the over - the - air networks .
The networks are attempting to stay relevant to advertisers by changing the way they sell ads .
They 're stepping up their use of product placements and other forms of advertising that are less likely to send consumers reaching for the remote .
Placement also helps to guarantee that commercials are n't being skipped by DVR users .
They 're also making new promises to advertisers .
Instead of selling 30 - second spots that are based solely on the number of people watching a particular show , networks now offer " audience engagement " guarantees as well .
Basically , the network guarantees that a certain number of viewers will watch a certain show intently , as opposed to simply having the TV on in the background .
For NBC , engagement will be measured by IAG Research , which will poll audience members to find out how well they can recall certain plot points and other information .
The idea is that viewers who are engaged in the show will also be paying more attention to the commercials .
Advertisers seem to like the new set up , and in fact have been the ones pushing for it .
The fact that the networks have agreed shows exactly who 's running things at the moment in TV Land .
WASHINGTON --
With the release of Michael Moore ’s “ Sicko , ” a movie once again is adding sizzle to an issue that ’s a high priority for liberal politicians -- this time comprehensive health insurance for all .
But unlike Al Gore ’s film on global warming , which helped rally support on an equally controversial problem , “ Sicko ” is creating an awkward situation for the leading Democratic presidential candidates .
Rejecting Moore ’s prescription on healthcare could alienate liberal activists , who will play a big role in choosing the party ’s next standard - bearer .
However , his proposal -- wiping out private health insurance and replacing it with a massive federal program -- could be political poison with the larger electorate .
FOR THE RECORD :
“ Sicko ” :
An article in Friday ’s Section A on Democraticpresidential candidates ’ attitudes toward Michael Moore ’s film abouthealthcare said former Sen. John Edwards was from South Carolina .
Heis from North Carolina .
At a special screening in Washington this week , politicians , lobbyists , media pooh - bahs and policy junkies flocked to see Moore ’s film .
And its slashing demand for action on an issue that voters care deeply about , and Democrats hope to capitalize on , generated plenty of buzz .
Moore hopes that , after its general release June 29 , “ Sicko ” will exert significant influence on the presidential campaign .
Instead of greeting the film with hosannas or challenging it head - on , however , the leading Democratic presidential candidates have sidestepped direct comment on Moore ’s proposals .
Sens. Hillary Rodham Clinton of New York and Barack Obama of Illinois and former Sen. John Edwards of South Carolina all have staked out positions sharply at odds with Moore ’s approach .
But none of them is eager to have that fact dragged into the spotlight .
If Moore ’s fire - breathing proposal catches on among party activists , who tend to be suspicious of the private sector and supportive of direct government action , the candidates ’ pragmatic , consensus - seeking ideas could look like weak - kneed temporizing -- much the way their rejection of an immediate pullout from Iraq has drawn heated criticism from antiwar activists .
In “ Sicko , ” the filmmaker calls for abolishing the insurance industry , putting a tight regulatory collar on pharmaceutical companies and embracing a Canadian - style government - run system .
Advocacy groups are already planning to use the film to pressure the Democratic hopefuls .
“ The candidates have n’t sensed the political fever in this country that fundamental change is called for in the healthcare system , ” said Rose Ann DeMoro , executive director of the California Nurses Assn .
“ What we are going to do is call on the candidates to reconsider their positions . ”
Stoking the passions of rank - and - file Democrats for a government takeover of the healthcare system amounts to political folly , respond some liberal veterans of Washington ’s healthcare battles .
“ To presume that the private sector is going to sit idly by to see the destruction of private coverage I think is a misreading of reality , ” said Ron Pollack of the advocacy group Families USA .
“ I think the presidential candidates understand that if healthcare reform is going to have a chance of success , it will require bipartisanship and a balance of public and private coverage .
It can not be the triumph of one ideology over the other . ”
Such a blending increasingly seems to be taking place in major federal and state programs , including Medicaid , the State Children ’s Health Insurance Program and Medicare .
As employer - sponsored health insurance shrinks , insurance companies have reinvented themselves as managers and middlemen for government programs , said UC Berkeley health economist James Robinson .
For example , more than 60 % of Americans enrolled in Medicaid , the federal - state program for the poor , are now in some form of managed care , compared with fewer than 25 % in the mid-1990s .
In California , Medicaid is known as Medi-Cal .
“ Whatever mix of private and public sources will increase the number of people with coverage , the insurance companies would like it to be managed by them , ” Robinson said in a recent interview .
“ They can work with Medicare , they can work with Medicaid , they can work with employers , they can work with whomever . ”
There ’s little room for such nuanced partnerships in “ Sicko . ”
If there ’s a villain in the movie , “ the villain is called the health insurance industry of America , ” Moore told a Capitol Hill rally Wednesday .
To laughter and applause , Moore said he hoped the film would turn into a “ going - away present ” for industry lobbyists .
“ Sicko ” uses the wrenching stories of individual Americans to compare some of the worst failings of this country ’s system with a rosy perspective on healthcare in Canada , Britain , France and even Cuba -- a country that offers healthcare for all but also imprisoned a doctor in the late 1990s for speaking out against government failure to respond to an epidemic of a mosquito - borne virus .
Moore investigates the dumping of hospital patients on skid row in Los Angeles .
He tells the story of a middle - class couple from Colorado who lost their home and had to move in with their adult children because of medical bills , even though they had insurance .
A particularly sobering episode involves a Missouri family in which the father is denied a medical procedure that might have saved him from cancer .
Filmgoers also meet an uninsured American who accidentally sawed off two of his fingertips and had to choose which one to have reattached , because he could n’t afford to do both .
Moore juxtaposes that story with that of a young man in Canada who lost five fingers in an accident and had them all reattached -- without having to pay .
“ It ’s quite effective , [ but ] it ’s not a documentary , ” Robert D. Reischauer , one of Washington ’s leading health policy experts and a supporter of coverage for all , said after viewing the movie .
“ Policy propaganda , ” he called it .
For most Democratic presidential candidates ( Rep. Dennis J. Kucinich of Ohio advocates a government single - payer program ) , it ’s more like a headache .
ricardo.alonso-zaldivar@latimes.com
Clive Crook writes ,
Much more needs to be done to push employers out of the health insurance market .
Most of the reforms now being touted , by Democrats and Republicans alike , aim to do the opposite .
… You could give everybody a voucher ( which could be used as partial payment for a more expensive policy ) and recover the cost from general taxation .
Or you could give full vouchers only to people on low incomes , tapering the value to zero as incomes rose , again asking taxpayers to pick up the check — and in this case also mandating that everybody buy at least the basic plan .
You could satisfy the “ ignore pre-existing conditions ” criterion either through regulation or by adjusting the value of vouchers according to health risk .
The cost would depend on such details , and many more besides — but you can be sure it would not be small .
I can understand why no Republican contender for the presidency is proposing this .
Only a very unusual Republican would suggest a significant rise in taxes to mainly benefit the least - well - off .
But why is no Democrat proposing such a scheme ?
Because it is politically more appealing to pretend that this great and long - overdue social advance can be achieved mainly at the expense of greedy employers ( and grasping insurance and pharmaceutical companies ) .
“ By lowering standards , we are endangering the rest of our armed forces and sending the wrong message to potential recruits across the country , ” Mr. Meehan said .
“ Our men and women in uniform represent the best and brightest in America , and we need to keep it that way . ”
Aaron Belkin , director of the Michael D. Palm Center , a research institute at the University of California , Santa Barbara , that focuses on the military ’s “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” policy regarding homosexuality , obtained the most recent data from the Department of Defense .
Mr. Belkin said the increases in moral waivers in the Army posed a problem only to the extent that the military failed to track these recruits or provide special integration training for them .
Since more than 125,000 service members with criminal histories have joined the military in the last three years , Mr. Belkin said , “ you have a sizeable population that has been incarcerated and is not used to the same cultural norms as everybody else . ”
“ The chance that one of those individuals is going to commit an atrocity or disobey an order is higher , ” he said .
“ Many of those individuals can be good soldiers , but in some cases they have special needs .
The military should address those needs rather than pretending they do n’t exist . ”
Recruiters ask potential recruits to reveal whether they have been arrested or convicted of crimes .
City , county and state records are checked , as are federal fingerprint databases .
The military searches for convictions but also looks at cases that were dismissed , dropped or settled in some way .
If someone is found not guilty , depending on the crime , extenuating circumstances are explored , said Maj .
Stewart Upton , a Defense Department spokesman .
The system is far from foolproof , though .
Juvenile records can get tricky because of privacy laws ; not every state will release sealed information .
And if someone has moved to a different state , the criminal history may not always show up .
I 've spent a lot of my writing energy writing patterns .
From time to time I get asked questions about why I do that and what makes a good pattern .
This is a brief article about how I look at patterns with my suggestions for people who are interested in writing patterns themselves .
When you look at multiple software systems , you often find recognize similarities .
A set of program elements work together in roughly the same way in lots of different places , even if masked by different names and incidental variations in behavior .
Experienced programmers learn how to solve common problem in particular ways , and make rough copies from what they 've seen before , while adapting these copies to better fit their new home .
If possible , we 'd like to capture these common solutions as libraries or frameworks .
But often the variation is big enough that it 's difficult to represent it as a single library .
Worse still , we may find we wish to copy a solution from a system written in an entirely different programming language .
Therefore : in the early 1990's , a bunch of people in the software world developed the idea of software patterns to capture these common solutions .
By writing them down , in a somewhat structured format , we can better share this otherwise implicit knowledge .
And , in contrast to libraries , this writing can also explain when the solution is appropriate and what signs lead to an alternative approach
What is a Pattern A common definition of a pattern is that it is “ a solution to a problem in a context ” .
That ’s a definition that ’s always struck me as being rather unhelpful .
For me a pattern is primarily a way to chunk up advice about a topic .
Chunking is important because there 's such a huge amount of knowledge you need to write software .
As a result there needs be ways to divide knowledge up so you do n't need to remember it all - what you need is to be able to get at a particular chunk of knowledge when you need it .
Only then do you need details .
The solution provides a useful focus for the chunking .
With some young eager programmer asking some grizzly veteran ( i.e. anyone over thirty ) how to deal with a particular situation and hear the veteran say " oh - you 'll need an identity map there " .
The colleague can then look up identity map in some suitable patterns book .
So to make this chunking work each pattern should name a solution .
This solution should be concrete , at least at the level of discussion we are talking about .
You should be able to go away and use the pattern once you 're given the reference .
If you 're successful the name should enter the vocabulary of the profession .
It can take a while to do this , but when you say “ proxy ” any reasonable professional should know what you mean .
Patterns should have recurrence , which means the solution must be applicable in lots of different situations .
If you are talking about something that 's a one - off , then it 's not worth adding the name to the profession 's vocabulary .
One of the interesting things here is that a singular solution can often lead to a recurrent pattern .
This usually crops up when you see two different singular solutions which look completely different on the surface , yet have a deeper similarity - what Christopher Alexander refers to as the “ core of solution ” .
Let me give an example for this .
I was looking at one of our early Java web projects .
On this project the team was n't allowed to use JSPs .
So they wrote a set of Java classes which walked through a structure of domain objects , and produced the appropriate HTML for a particular domain object .
They noticed they were getting duplication in the code for spitting out common HTML structures for fields , tables , etc .
So they pulled all of the HTML spitting code out into a second utility class that had methods like renderField ( String label ) .
When they did this they noticed that they could make drastic changes to the entire web application 's appearance just by altering code in the utility class .
Later on I saw a different project .
They were using XSLT to turn XML into HTML pages .
But they needed to support multiple organizations who wanted the same data displayed in their own format .
So they split the transformation into two steps , first producing an intermediate XML with elements like field and table , with second stage actually producing the HTML .
They would have a different second stage for each organization .
Although it seems obvious as I write it now , but when I first saw these two projects I sensed there was something similar in their approaches .
However it took me several months to understand the key point - splitting a transformation into two steps : logical page and physical ( HTML ) page .
This is the “ core of the solution ” which I wrote up as Two Step View .
One of the great intellectual challenges of patterns is finding and isolating this core amongst all the surrounding stuff that 's needed on real projects .
Patterns versus Recipes
A popular , and very effective , form of technical writing is the cookbook style ( eg The Perl Cookbook , Rails Recipes ) .
There is a lot of similarity between cookbooks and patterns books .
Both emphasize a problem - solution style .
I see the big difference between the two in the notion of building a vocabulary .
Recipes tend to be more particular , usually tied to a particular programming language and platform .
Even when patterns are tied to a platform , they try to describe more general concepts .
As a consequence of this recipes have a stronger problem focus than the solution focus in patterns .
Although my writing interest is in patterns , this reflects my interest in general design principles rather than a judgment on the relative usefulness of the two styles .
Both are effective for same basic reason - they chunk based on a concrete thing somebody wants to get done today .
As a result I find both very effective .
You can also learn great principles from them , but it 's the answers to particular questions that bring you to the table .
Why are Patterns important ?
One of the quotes that I find particularly appealing when I think about the need for patterns that that part of interest in patterns came from “ ... observations that projects fail despite the latest technology for lack of ordinary solutions ” [ PLoPD 1 ] .
Patterns provide a way to organize and name those ordinary solutions to make it easier for people to use them .
Since these solutions are ordinary , it 's common that experts in a field wo n't find anything new in a patterns book .
For such people the biggest value of a patterns book is to help them to pass on the solutions to their colleagues .
Despite my liking for patterns , I do n't think that patterns are the right approach for all situations .
Even in my own latest patterns book , I used a mixture of patterns and narrative text .
I think the patterns helped focus the narrative and provided a good way for me to separate the details of the solutions from the overview discussion of them .
Patterns are a communication medium , and like any communication technique there are situations where they work well and those where they work badly .
Practice and familiarity help you tell the difference .
Important Parts of Patterns
Anyone who takes a look at patterns is usually struck by the fact that most patterns are written using a regular form .
Once you look at two sets of patterns you realize hardly ever do two patterns authors use the same form .
The different patterns forms all have particular qualities to them , and any patterns author will tend to pick a form that works well with their innate preferences .
Despite the various forms , most patterns do have common elements .
I 'll talk about the different forms later on , but I think that 's easier to do if I cover some general principles first .
Patterns are Solutions Almost anything written about patterns has a definition that reads something like “ a pattern is a solution to a problem ” .
While I do n't disagree with that statement , I think it does tend to under - emphasize the point that patterns are primarily about solutions .
I think it 's important to say this , because there is a certain mystique that tends to embroil patterns .
To cut through that mystique , we must never forget that the whole point of writing a pattern is to describe a recurring and useful solution .
Success is all about doing that in a way that others can replicate that solution when it 's appropriate .
Everything else is secondary - which means that however we choose to write the pattern , whatever form we take - all has to support this .
Too often I 've seen patterns writers , including myself , get lost in a particular format and lose sight of this simple priority .
So whenever writing is getting difficult , remember it 's the solution that counts .
And the problem ?
Well any solution is a solution to a problem .
How could you have a solution without a corresponding problem ?
Understanding the problem ( or problems , a pattern can solve more than one ) is a key part of understanding the solution .
Thinking about the problem helps you focus on the “ core of the solution ” .
It also helps us avoid sliding into too far of a tools - oriented discussion .
So understanding the problem is important - indeed vital .
But the solution should remain the focus of the pattern .
An Evocative Name
One of the valuable features of patterns work is that it develops a vocabulary with which we can talk about how to do things .
By naming recurring solutions , we can gradually build a vocabulary of software design that goes beyond the usual issues of technology that we normally wrestle with .
I understand Java 's listeners , and .NET 's delegates better when I know they are part of ways of implementing the Observer pattern .
The name “ observer ” gives me a hook that gives me a way into understanding new technological concepts - which often have different names in different technologies .
Choosing good names is hard , and I 've found that I 'm constantly fiddling with names even very close to deadlines .
Since they are going to be a vocabulary , it 's worth putting a lot of effort into getting good names .
Just think of what that wrinkled veteran needs to say .
As a result names should be short , but of course it 's hard to come with tight names .
Mine tend to be two or three words - as I feel that most of the good one word ones are taken .
If I see patterns that are alternative ways of doing something , then I like to use different adjectives that modify a common noun .
So Page Controller and Front Controller are two different forms of Controller .
Strictly they are forms of Input Controller in P of EAA , but I only use three words if I really have to ( as I felt I did with Single Table Inheritance and it's alternatives . )
Why as well as how When we talk about solutions , it 's easy to focus on the solution itself and how to apply the solution .
It 's harder to talk about when the solution is appropriate and what conditions are suitable for it , or not .
This is why patterns writers put emphasis on the problem , because that focuses our minds on the trigger for the pattern .
It 's also why patterns writers talk about forces , because forces are a way of exploring the indications and contra-indications for the pattern .
Whenever I think I have a pattern , I try to think about when I would not use the pattern .
This often leads me to alternative patterns , which is why my patterns often come in groups of alternatives .
I 'm particularly suspicious of whole pattern languages that only describe one set of alternatives .
One of the triggers for P of EAA was my annoyance with people who talked about The One Architecture to use for J2EE .
Software systems , even within a particular area such as enterprise applications , live in a diverse world .
There are lots of ways of doing things , and often most of them are right in some given circumstances .
So whenever you think " you should never do that " , think hard about it .
There may be a time , and not just will that lead you to another pattern - it will also help you understand your primary pattern better .
Code Examples
Many people worry about examples in patterns , and code examples in particular .
After all patterns are about deep similarities in solutions that look different every time we use them .
There is a genuine reason to be worried that some readers will take the example as the pattern , thinking about patterns as glorified macros .
In my view there are many people that understand things much better by example .
When given an example , they can then start abstracting for the general principle .
That 's certainly the way I seem to work .
So I 'd rather give an example , and run the risk of lack of abstraction , than avoid the example and lose readers completely in the abstraction .
If you are very concerned about a particular interpretation of a pattern , then a useful approach is to use multiple examples .
The different examples of the same pattern can help illustrate common threads .
Different examples can be different approaches using the same platform , or using different platforms .
Of course some people wo n't look at code examples , since any code example contains a lot of details .
As a result I try to make my code examples skippable - by which I mean that I write the pattern so it 's understandable without the code example .
Code examples are then a bonus .
When writing a code example there 's a tension in how complicated to make it .
If I make it too simple , then people may dismiss it as not realistic , but if I make it too complex then people have to understand a bunch of stuff that 's nothing to do with the pattern in order to understand the pattern .
Complicated enough and we get to what Micheal Feathers calls the MEGO point ( " My Eyes Glaze Over " ) and I 've lost them completely .
I prefer to err on the side of being too simple .
If I get the simple stuff clear then I ( or others ) can add more complicated stuff with interactions between patterns later .
I 'd rather people understand a little than fail to understand a lot .
This desire is reinforced by the chunking that patterns are about - a reader should only have to read that one pattern to understand the pattern .
Common Pattern Forms
Every author tends to make his own particular pattern form , but certain pattern forms have become more well - known .
These are often used exactly by new authors , or at least as starting points .
Alexandrian Form Many people see Christopher Alexander 's A Pattern Language ( APL ) as an important influence in the patterns world .
Alexander write about building architecture and was a big influence behind some of the early advocates of software patterns .
He wrote his patterns book in a particular form which is known in the software patterns world as Alexandrian form .
As well as the patterns in his book , you can also find good examples of this form in Domain - Driven Design .
On the web a good example is Josh Kerievsky 's Knowledge Hydrant patterns .
Like many standard form , we actually see a fair amount of variation of the Alexandrian form in practice .
I 'll describe it by quoting the description of the form from APL For convenience and clarity , each pattern has the same format .
First , there is a picture , which shows an archetypal example of that pattern .
Second , after the picture , each pattern has an introductory paragraph , which sets the context for the pattern , by explaining how it helps to complete certain larger patterns .
Then there are three diamonds to mark the beginning of the problem .
After the diamonds there is a headline , in bold type .
This headline gives the essence of the problem in one or two sentences .
After the headline comes the body of the problem .
This is the longest section .
It describes the empirical background of the pattern , the evidence for its validity , the range of different ways the pattern can be manifested in a building , and so on .
Then , again in bold type , like the headline , is the solution - the heart of the pattern - which describes the field of physical and social relationships which are required to solve the stated problem , in the stated context .
This solution is always stated in the form of an instruction - so that you know exactly what you need to do , to build the pattern .
Then , after the solution , there is a diagram , with labels to indicate its main components .
After the diagram , another three diamonds , to show that the main body of the pattern is finished .
And finally , after the diamonds there is a paragraph which ties the pattern to all those smaller patterns in the language , which are needed to complete this pattern , to embellish it , to fill it out .
-- [ alexander - apl ]
The patterns in APL average at half a dozen pages each .
The Alexandrian form is a very narrative form , with relatively few headings .
As it a result it tends to flow better then most alternatives when you read it .
The bolded summary sentences of the problem and the solution stand out well , and allow you to skip through a large body of patterns very quickly .
In software patterns that use the Alexandrian form , a common variation ( used by Big Ball of Mud ) is to divide up the main section , the body of the problem , into two parts .
The first part , after the problem headline , expands on the problem and the issues around it .
The second part is moved to after the solution summary , and describes the details of the solution .
I heard Richard Gabriel criticize this , on the grounds that it forces you to duplicate much of the discussion of alternatives and trade - offs .
I did n't think too much about this before , but I find I agree with him .
Cutting up the body breaks the flow of the pattern and makes it more choppy as you worry about whether issues should be discussed in the problem half or the solution half .
Most patterns books organize the patterns as relatively self - standing sections , like a reference book .
Evans embeds the patterns into the flow of a general narrative book .
The Alexandrian form helps him do this , as the flow of patterns is more narrative than the more structured pattern forms .
GOF Form
The GOF form is the form used for the seminal Gang of Four book , that really launched patterns into the software world .
It 's a very structured form , breaking up the pattern into many headings : Intent , Motivation , Applicability , Structure , Participants , Collaborations , Consequences , Implementation , Sample Code , Known Uses , and Related Patterns .
The GOF pattern are quite large , a dozen pages each .
Portland Form
The Portland form got its name from the fact that several people , from Portland Oregon , at the first patterns conference all used a similar form .
A good on - line example is [ cunningham - checks ] .
Portland form is entirely textual and very short , usually less than a page per pattern .
A couple of paragraphs describe the problem , then there is the word " therefore " emphasized typographically , followed by a couple of paragraphs that describe the solution .
Coplien Form
So called , because it 's most identified with Jim Coplien , I 've also heard it referred to as Canonical Form , although I 'm not sure which canon such people are referring to .
A good on - line example is [ coplien - fault - patterns ]
I see this form varied a good deal .
The key elements are headed sections for Problem , Context , Forces , and Solution .
Most authors will add a few extra sections too .
Each section is a few paragraphs , with the forces section commonly a list of bullet points .
Patterns in this form are usually fairly short - a couple of pages .
POSA Form
This form gets its name from the POSA book .
Similarly to GOF it is a very structured and quite large form , although their headings are different : summary , example , context , problem , solution , structure , dynamics , implementation , example resolved , variants , known uses , consequences , and see also .
The patterns are usually just over dozen pages in length .
An important part of this form is that the patterns are preceded by a narrative chapter that summarizes the patterns and describes the overall topic .
P of EAA Form I 'm being cheeky to call this a standard form , since nobody other than me uses it .
But I 've been writing patterns for a long time , experimenting with various styles , and this is the one I 've come to prefer .
It 's fairly narrative , with a few sections : how it works , when to use it , and one or more examples .
The length averages at around eight pages , but it varies from one page to well over a dozen .
This is a recent example .
Choosing Your Pattern Form
As you can see by just looking at the list of common forms , there is a lot of different ways you can write your patterns , in fact there 's much more than that .
I only mentioned those that are commonly referred to - every book typically uses its own and many papers show many further variations .
So my primary piece of advice is to remember that your pattern form is a personal choice .
Different forms work for different authors , because different writing styles work with different personalities .
The most important thing is to find a form that works with your style of writing , and for the ideas that you want to convey .
A good first step is to begin by reading .
Read a lot of different pattern books and papers .
Concentrate on the content , but ask yourself which forms seem the most comfortable to you .
To really appreciate this you need to read them both in a start - to - end style , but also by looking up and skipping through them .
You probably have already done this a lot in the course of your other work - which patterns did you find work best for you ?
Once you 've got an idea of what form ( or forms ) you like , start writing .
Try to experiment with several different pattern forms .
A useful exercise is to write the same pattern in a few different forms to see which ones seem to work best for you .
Get some people to review them and tell you which forms seem to read best for them .
Do n't be afraid to experiment here , it took me many years before I found a pattern form that worked for me .
Once you 've picked a basic form , do n't let the form force its way too much over the content .
I notice this problem particularly with the very structured forms like GOF and POSA - people feel that they have to put something in to every heading for every pattern .
But not every pattern requires the same treatment .
You 'll find some elements that you want in every pattern , but many elements are optional .
It 's better to leave something out than put in a weak placeholder .
A big question is whether you prefer a more narrative style , or a structured style with many headings .
Often when people start out they like the headings because it directs them on how to write .
I tend to prefer a more narrative style , because it tends to lead to writing that flows better .
Patterns vary considerably in their size .
Portland form often gets a pattern over and done with in a few paragraphs , POSA can go on for a couple of dozen pages .
Your choice here depends a great deal on how much detail you want to go into .
If you are going to explore implementation issues and provide sample code , you are going to inevitably have longer patterns .
In this case , more structure is often more useful , although I use just a few headings even for long patterns .
Taking a break in the middle of your workout may metabolize more fat than exercising without stopping , according to a recent study in Japan .
Researchers conducted the first known study to compare these two exercise methods — exercising continually in one long bout versus breaking up the same workout with a rest period .
The findings could change the way we approach exercise .
Who would n’t want to take a breather for that ”
“ Many people believe prolonged exercise will be optimal in order to reduce body fat , but our study has shown that repetitions of shorter exercise may cause enhancements of fat mobilization and utilization during and after the exercise .
These findings will be informative about the design of [ future ] exercise regimens , ” said lead researcher Kazushige Goto , Ph.D. “ Most people are reluctant to perform a single bout of prolonged exercise .
The repeated exercise with shorter bouts of exercise will be a great help [ in keeping up with fitness ] . ”
This finding is part of a study entitled Enhancement of fat metabolism by repeated bouts of moderate endurance exercise , found in the June 2007 edition of the Journal of Applied Physiology , which is published by the American Physiological Society .
It was conducted by Kazushige Goto , of both the Department of Life Sciences , Graduate School of Arts and Sciences , University of Tokyo , Komaba , Tokyo , Japan and the Institute of Sports Medicine , Bispebjerg Hospital , Copenhagen , Denmark ; Naokata Ishii , of the Department of Life Sciences , Graduate School of Arts and Sciences , University of Tokyo , Komaba , Tokyo , Japan ; and Ayuko Mizuno and Kaoru Takamatsu , both of the Institute of Health and Sport Sciences , University of Tsukuba , Tsukuba , Ibaraki , Japan .
Summary of Methodology
The researchers used seven healthy ( avg. body mass : 66.1 , percentage fat : 17.6 ) men with an average age of 25 who were physically active and familiar with exercise and had them perform three separate trials :
one single bout of 60 - min exercise followed with a 60 - min recovery period ( Single )
two bouts of 30 - min exercise with a 20 - min rest after the first 30 - min bout , along with a 60 - min recovery period at the end ( Repeated )
one 60 - min rest period ( Control )
The men performed each trial at the same time of day after fasting overnight .
They exercised on a single ergometer ( cycling machine ) at the commonly recommended exercise prescription of 60 % maximum oxygen intake .
The recovery and rest periods were conducted while the subjects sat in chairs .
Blood samples were taken every 15 minutes during the exercise and every 30 minutes during the recovery period .
Their respiratory gas and heart rates were monitored continuously throughout the trial .
Summary of Results
The Repeated trial showed a greater amount of lipolysis ( fat breakdown ) than did the Single trial .
This Repeated trial also had a pronounced increase in free fatty acids and glycerol ( chemical compounds that are released when stored fat is used ) concentrations in the final 15 minutes of exercise , whereas these concentrations only progressively increased throughout the Single trial .
Also , the second half of the Repeated trial showed a significantly greater epinephrine response while also having a rapid decrease in insulin concentration as a result of lower plasma glucose .
This combination of high epinephrine and low insulin concentration may have also increased the lipolysis .
There was also enhanced fat oxidation in the recovery period of the Repeated trial than in the Single trial , but this result may be because the free fatty acids concentration was already high before the recovery period .
Conclusions
The American College of Sports Medicine recommends moderate exercise for the duration of 45 to 60 minutes to ensure a sufficient amount of energy is depleted in obese individuals .
This has caused a greater focus on extending exercise sessions in order to burn more fat .
However , this study shows that this method may not be the most effective way to enhance fat metabolism , as splitting up a long bout of exercise with a rest period burns more fat than a continuous bout of exercise .
This study could help with the practical application of implementing new exercise methods in order to better manage and control weight in individuals in the future .
However , Goto and his team of researchers plan on conducting further studies in order to explore the results in a variety of exercise durations as well as in different types of individuals .
Posted on May 31 , 2007 in Articles
When a percentage of Muslims support civilian casualties , it ’s called an internal threat and terrorism .
When an even higher percentage of Americans support intentionally attacking civilians , what do we call it ?
The past week , a highly publicized Pew Research Center poll was released on the beliefs and political perceptions of Muslim Americans .
The survey concluded , that Muslim - Americans are “ largely assimilated , happy with their lives , and moderate with respect to many of the issues that have divided Muslims and Westerners around the world . ”
Yet on prominent mainstream media outlets , the survey was slanted as “ Supporting Terror ? ” on a CNN crawl , on CBS News online , the headline incorrectly stated that 26 % OF YOUNG U.S. MUSLIMS OK BOMBS , and in USA Today , more scare tactics : POLL : 1 IN 4 YOUNGER U.S. MUSLIMS SUPPORT SUICIDE BOMBINGS .
Yet the poll actually showed only 8 percent of US Muslims said suicide bombing can be justified with 83 percent saying suicide bombing can never be justified .
Says Hussein Ibish , “ I can almost guarantee that the overwhelming majority who were asked the suicide - bombing question were thinking about Palestine — not Iraq or America .
They ’re not willing to say it ’s never OK because they think Palestinians have no other options .
They ’re wrong , but that ’s what they think .
It ’s exactly the same kind of statistic you ’d get if you asked young Israelis about torture , demolition of villages , assassinations — they ’d say yes because they know the Israelis have done it but loathe to say it ’s wrong .
I ’m sure , knowing the Muslim community , that if you resolved the occupation in Palestine , that number would go very close to zero . ”
Most interestingly , on an international level Americans poll worst than every Muslim country in regards to attacks against civilians .
From the The myth of Muslim support for terror in the Christian Science Monitor :
Those who think that Muslim countries and pro-terrorist attitudes go hand - in - hand might be shocked by new polling research : Americans are more approving of terrorist attacks against civilians than any major Muslim country except for Nigeria …
The survey , conducted in December 2006 by the University of Maryland ’s prestigious Program on International Public Attitudes , shows that only 46 percent of Americans think that “ bombing and other attacks intentionally aimed at civilians ” are “ never justified , ” while 24 percent believe these attacks are “ often or sometimes justified . ” …
Contrast those numbers with 2006 polling results from the world ’s most - populous Muslim countries – Indonesia , Pakistan , Bangladesh , and Nigeria .
Terror Free Tomorrow , the organization I lead , found that 74 percent of respondents in Indonesia agreed that terrorist attacks are “ never justified ” ; in Pakistan , that figure was 86 percent ; in Bangladesh , 81 percent …
Our surveys show that not only do Muslims reject terrorism as much if not more than Americans , but even those who are sympathetic to radical ideology can be won over by positive American actions that promote goodwill and offer real hope .
46 percent of Americans think attacks intentionally aimed at civilians are never justified , compared to numbers ranging in the 70’s and 80’s for the majority of Muslim countries .
Do these findings mean that Americans are closet terrorist sympathizers , and what does this say about the perceptions of Muslims versus the perceptions of ourselves ?
Sources & References
Sample of poll results :
Europhobia , Islamaphobia and American Muslims Surveyed , http://wsibrusselsblog.org/?p=136
Muslims in America , http://atlanticreview.org/archives/678-Muslims-in-America.html
The myth of Muslim support for terror by Kenneth Ballen , Christian Science Monitor , http://www.csmonitor.com/2007/0223/p09s01-coop.html
You Say Islamo - Fascist , I Say Militant Islamists , http://www.teambio.org/2007/05/you-say-islamo-fascist-i-say-militant-islamists/
Media Coverage of Muslims Bombs : A Pew poll on Muslims in America painted a positive picture .
So why was the coverage so negative ?
By Lorraine Ali , MSNBC , http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/18853924/site/newsweek/
Do It Anyway
Life is not easy .
But life is beautiful , even when it is difficult .
The beauty comes from giving your best .
You may have seen these before , but take a look at them anew today .
Print them out and put them where you will see them everyday .
Wishing you a great day with lots of love and gratitude !
The Paradoxical Commandments
by Dr. Kent M. Keith
1. People are illogical , unreasonable , and self - centered .
Love them anyway .
2 . If you do good , people will accuse you of selfish ulterior motives .
Do good anyway .
3 . If you are successful , you win false friends and true enemies .
Succeed anyway .
4 . The good you do today will be forgotten tomorrow .
Do good anyway .
5. Honesty and frankness make you vulnerable .
Be honest and frank anyway .
6 . The biggest men and women with the biggest ideas can be shot down by the smallest men and women with the smallest minds .
Think big anyway .
7 . People favor underdogs but follow only top dogs .
Fight for a few underdogs anyway .
8 . What you spend years building may be destroyed overnight .
Build anyway .
9 . People really need help but may attack you if you do help them .
Help people anyway .
10 .
Give the world the best you have and you ’ll get kicked in the teeth .
Give the world the best you have anyway .
© 1968 , 2001 Kent M. Keith
“ The Paradoxical Commandments ” were written by Kent M. Keith in 1968 as part of a booklet for student leaders .
Do It AnyWay
Mother Theresa Version
This version was reportedly found written on the wall in Mother Teresa ’s home for children in Calcutta :
1. People are often unreasonable , irrational , and self - centered .
Forgive them anyway .
2 . If you are kind , people may accuse you of selfish , ulterior motives .
Be kind anyway .
3 . If you are successful , you will win some unfaithful friends and some genuine enemies .
Succeed anyway .
4 . If you are honest and sincere people may deceive you .
Be honest and sincere anyway .
5 . What you spend years creating , others could destroy overnight .
Create anyway .
6 . If you find serenity and happiness , some may be jealous .
Be happy anyway .
7 . The good you do today , will often be forgotten .
Do good anyway .
8 . Give the best you have , and it will never be enough .
Give your best anyway .
9 . In the final analysis , it is between you and God .
It was never between you and them anyway .
Please Share Your Inspiration !
Please share your testimonial for “ Do It Anyway . ”
All comments big and small are very welcomed !
If you found this post valuable , please SHARE THIS below with a Digg , Stumble or Delicious bookmark .
Votes are always noticed and always appreciated !
If you want to Support Life Learning Today , you can visit one of my sponsors , make a donation , or visit Amazon through my â€ œBooksâ€ ?
page at the top of this page .
Thank you !
Technorati Tags : Good , Love , Manifesting , Motivation , Spiritual , Peace
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - Accusations by the United States that Russia has backtracked on democracy are unfair , President Vladimir Putin ’s top foreign policy aide was quoted as saying two days before Putin meets U.S. President George W. Bush .
Russian President Vladimir Putin ( L ) listens to NATO Secretary General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer in Moscow June 26 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Alexander Nemenov / Pool
Washington has criticized Moscow for rolling back democratic post - Soviet reforms and alongside rows over a U.S. missile shield plan in Europe and the status of the Serb province of Kosovo , relations between the two countries have sunk to a post Cold - War low .
“ We consider unfriendly the recent intensification of criticism of Russia for allegedly retreating from democratic values and norms , ” Russian news agencies reported Sergei Prikhodko as saying on Friday .
“ These assessments are biased and unfair and we are ready to discuss these matters . ”
Bush will host Putin at his family home in Kennebunkport , Maine , on Sunday and Monday -- the first time he has invited a foreign leader there -- to try and smooth over differences .
Prokhodko criticized U.S. politicians and businessmen for a poor knowledge of Russia , saying they followed “ old principles and ideas ” but warmly praised Bush as a “ worthy and responsible partner ” , Interfax news agency reported .
Russian authorities have quashed and banned anti-Putin protests this year ahead of parliamentary and presidential elections , drawing criticism from the West and from Bush himself .
But Putin has responded by calling himself the only true democrat in the world and challenging Western leaders to look in the mirror at their own societies and actions , which he says also have defects .
“ Let ’s look at what happens in North America -- sheer terror : torture , the homeless , Guantanamo , keeping people in trial without trial or investigation , ” Putin said in an interview with Western media on June 4 .
Washington ’s plans to station part of a missile shield in eastern Europe , which it says is aimed against “ rogue states ” such as Iran and North Korea , have also angered Russia .
Moscow has described it as a threat and Putin has threatened to retarget Russian missiles at Europe in response .
Russia has offered the United States the use of a radar station in Azerbaijan as an alternative .
Washington is studying the proposal but only as a complementary move , not a substitute for missile shield installations in eastern Europe .
“ We consider this issue not a military question but a political one , ” Prikhodko told Russian journalists in reports carried on Friday .
“ If they ( the U.S. ) want to cooperate , everything else is just detail . ”
On the status of the Serbian province of Kosovo , Prikhodko said Putin would stick to his line that Russia ’s ally Serbia should negotiate directly with Pristina on a solution .
Russia , which has a permanent place on the United Nations security council , is against Kosovo ’s independence unless Serbia agrees and could veto the West ’s plan to enact an independence plan if negotiations in coming months fail .
Serbia is strongly opposed to granting independence to Kosovo , a region which it considers the cradle of its culture .
It sounds like a bad beer commercial , but this is what the world of outsourcing has come to .
Tim Ferriss , a San Jose man who is a big believer in contracting out life ’s little tasks , has successfully outsourced his dating life .
Think about it :
Why should anyone spend hours embellishing his profile on Match.com when there are overseas contractors willing to handle the grunt work for him ?
“ I ’ve been experimenting quite a lot over the past two years or so with personal outsourcing , ” he says , “ outsourcing your life . ”
Hey , it works for business .
It was only after careful reflection and deep thought that Ferriss turned his relationship spade work over to contractors .
OK , actually he did it after a buddy bet him there was no way in the world dating could be outsourced .
“ I decided as a social experiment , ” Ferriss says , “ to see if I could pull it off . ”
Yes .
A social experiment .
And , um , a way to meet chicks .
After failing miserably at online love , Ferriss took buddy David Camarillo ’s bet .
If Ferriss could land a date using contractors , Camarillo would buy him a glass of wine .
“ That works out , ” Camarillo , 31 , says , “ because my mom works for Gallo . ”
Ferriss , who owns a San Jose nutritional supplements company , set out on a one - month mission to get a date .
Call it inspiration from his new book “ The 4 - Hour Workweek ” ( Crown , $ 19.95 ) , which is out this week .
The premise :
You can make better use of the time you have .
He started with a job description for a personal assistant to manage his dating life .
He posted it on Elance , a Web site that connects freelancers with jobs .
It was all about eyeballs hunting for Ms. More - or - Less Right .
And fingers e-mailing sweet nothings .
A numbers game , he figured .
“ With online dating , every reasonably attractive , smart girl gets a million e-mails , ” he says .
Terrible odds .
“ If male programmers were my ideal match , I ’d be set . ”
Ferriss lined up a half dozen teams in India , the Philippines , Jamaica and the United States .
Cultural divide
He gave the contractors his profile and an idea of what sort of woman he was interested in ( early - to - mid 20s , college grad , slender or athletic , non-smoker , no kids ) .
He told the teams he was looking for quick “ coffee dates ” at joints along Lincoln Avenue .
And he told them to handle all the pre-date correspondence ( introduction , follow - up questions , requests for pictures ) .
He suggested the contractors say they were working on his behalf .
And he urged them to be creative .
There were some problems .
An Indian team dropped out explaining they did n’t really get the whole Western - style dating thing .
“ In some culture groups in India , ” Ferriss says , “ it ’s just not really done . ”
The woman in Jamaica quit .
“ She did n’t really like the idea of , as she put it , picking up chicks online . ”
Three out of four
One group was a little too creative , digging up their own information on Ferriss and using it to impersonate him in online conversations .
“ Eventually , that moved from creativeness to creepiness . ”
I wanted to talk to some of Ferriss ’ potential dates , but he told me he could n’t convince any of the women still speaking to him to speak to me – if you can believe that .
But Ferriss swears the contractors delivered more than 20 dates and Camarillo says he ’ll pay up .
And Ferriss says he ’d like to continue seeing three or four of the women .
Which is another problem .
“ I only date one person at a time . ”
Seems he ’ll have to choose .
Unless , of course , he can hire someone to do it for him .
There are many different challenges that people face when they start studying to become a certified public accountant .
It ’s not easy to juggle work , school , studying , family , and a social life all at the same time .
That is why most candidates utilize some type of CPA review course to help them study and focus on the topics that matter without wasting their time studying material that wo n’t even be tested on the exam .
There are many popular courses out there including CPAexcel and Becker , but one of the most popular and widely used courses is the Gleim CPA review course | My Accounting Course .
This study guide has been around decades and has proven itself amongst its competitors because of its wide variety of strengthens .
Gleim offers the largest test bank out of any course available today .
This trait is particularly important because the CPA exam is predominantly made up of multiple choice questions .
Candidates have to master the art of taking reading , comprehending , and answering difficult multiple choice questions in small time frame under press .
Gleim also offers videos lectures and excellent course materials for students to listen to , read , and comprehend the material .
One of the most important things about any study guides is whether it actually works .
Over 40 years of students have trusted their studying with this guide .
It ’s a proven industry standard with a time tested model .
There is no doubt that this system works .
You can find more information about this review course here :
myaccountingcourse.com/cpa/gleim-cpa-review – Gleim CPA Review
BRUSSELS , May 11 — Vice President Dick Cheney used the deck of an American aircraft carrier just 150 miles off Iran ’s coast as the backdrop today to warn the country that the United States was prepared to use its naval power to keep Tehran from disrupting off oil routes or “ gaining nuclear weapons and dominating this region . ”
Little of what Mr. Cheney said in the cavernous hangar bay of the aircraft carrier U.S.S. John C. Stennis , one of two carriers whose strike groups are now in the Persian Gulf , was new .
Each individual line had , in some form , been said before , at various points in the four - year - long nuclear standoff with Iran , and during the increasingly tense arguments over whether Iran is aiding the insurgents in Iraq .
But Mr. Cheney stitched all of those warnings together , and the symbolism of sending the administration ’s most famous hawk to deliver the speech so close to Iran ’s coast was unmistakable .
It also came just a week after Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice talked briefly and inconclusively with Iran ’s foreign minister , a step toward re-engagement with Iran that some in the administration have opposed .
Bush just spoke to the nation , trying to convince the public to support his Iraq quagmire , and he claimed again that the surge , the escalation , was the idea of his commanders in the field , and he 's just following their advice .
In fact , all of the Joint Chiefs , the heads of the Army , Navy , Air Force and Marines , ALL opposed the surge .
The Bush administration is split over the idea of a surge in troops to Iraq , with White House officials aggressively promoting the concept over the unanimous disagreement of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , according to U.S. officials familiar with the intense debate .
In devising his new strategy , Bush again turned to the neoconservatives .
The so - called surge strategy is the brainchild of Frederick Kagan , a military historian at the neoconservative American Enterprise Institute who has never been to Iraq .
And once again , President Bush dismissed the views of his military advisers .
General George Casey and General John Abizaid , the commanders in the field , doubted that additional troops would make any difference in Iraq .
They were replaced by surge advocates , including Lieutenant General David Petraeus , now the top commander in Iraq .
And our commanders in the field opposed the surge , so Bush fired them and replaced them with someone who would rubber stamp his surge plan .
And remember , it was just a few months ago , that the commanders on the ground were SO opposed to the surge that Bush came out and said , for the first time , that he WOULDN'T listen to commanders on the ground anymore .
This all matters because once again Bush is lying to the American people in order to justify yet another failed extreme policy .
He has lied about this war from the beginning , and he and his administration have lied about so many issue that it 's impossible to trust anything they say .
Bush lies .
He does n't trust the American people to know the truth .
He does n't have the courage or maturity to take responsibility for his own actions , so he blames the generals - you see , it 's THEIR idea , not his , it 's THEIR fault , not his .
" Who me ? "
Bush can't ever be blamed for this infernal mess because he 's just a bystander , you understand .
Only problem ?
It 's all one big lie .
The man is a ten year old child .
It 's time to take away the car keys .
CO2 splitting semiconductor / catalyst device under construction ( gallium phosphide wafer with metal contacts ) Credit : Aaron Sathrum , UCSD
Chemists at the University of California , San Diego have demonstrated the feasibility of exploiting sunlight to transform a greenhouse gas into a useful product .
Many Earth
Week activities will draw attention to the increasing concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere and the resulting impact on global climate .
Now Clifford Kubiak , professor of chemistry and biochemistry , and his graduate student Aaron Sathrum have developed a prototype device that can capture energy from the sun , convert it to electrical energy and " split " carbon dioxide into carbon monoxide ( CO ) and oxygen .
Graphic depicting steps in solar splitting of CO2 .
Credit : Aaron Sathrum , UCSD
Because their device is not yet optimized , they still need to input additional energy for the process to work .
However , they hope that their results , which they presented at last month 's meeting of the American Chemical Society , will draw attention to the promise of the approach .
" For every mention of CO 2 splitting , there are more than 100 articles on splitting water to produce hydrogen , yet CO 2 splitting uses up more of what you want to put a dent into , " explained Kubiak .
" It also produces CO , an important industrial chemical , which is normally produced from natural gas .
So with CO 2 splitting you can save fuel , produce a useful chemical and reduce a greenhouse gas . "
Although carbon monoxide is poisonous , it is highly sought after .
Millions of pounds of it are used each year to manufacture chemicals including detergents and plastics .
It can also be converted into liquid fuel .
" The technology to convert carbon monoxide into liquid fuel has been around a long time , " said Kubiak .
" It was invented in Germany in the 1920s .
The U.S. was very interested in the technology during the 1970s energy crisis , but when the energy crisis ended people lost interest .
Now things have come full circle because rising fuel prices make it economically competitive to convert CO into fuel . "
The device designed by Kubiak and Sathrum to split carbon dioxide utilizes a semiconductor and two thin layers of catalysts .
It splits carbon dioxide to generate carbon monoxide and oxygen in a three - step process .
The first step is the capture of solar energy photons by the semiconductor .
The second step is the conversion of optical energy into electrical energy by the semiconductor .
The third step is the deployment of electrical energy to the catalysts .
The catalysts convert carbon dioxide to carbon monoxide on one side of the device and to oxygen on the other side .
Because electrons are passed around in these reactions , a special type of catalyst that can convert electrical energy to chemical energy is required Researchers in Kubiak 's laboratory have created a large molecule with three nickel atoms at its heart that has proven to be an effective catalyst for this process .
Choosing the right semiconductor is also critical to making carbon dioxide splitting practical say the researchers .
Semiconductors have bands of energy to which electrons are confined .
Sunlight causes the electrons to leap from one band to the next creating an electrical energy potential
The energy difference between the bands — the band gap — determines how much solar energy will be absorbed and how much electrical energy is generated .
Kubiak and Sathrum initially used a silicon semiconductor to test the merits of their device because silicon is well - studied .
However , silicon absorbs in the infrared range and the researchers say it is " too wimpy " to supply enough energy .
The conversion of sunlight by silicon supplied about half of the energy needed to split carbon dioxide , and the reaction worked if the researchers supplied the other half of the energy needed .
They are now building the device using a gallium - phosphide semiconductor .
It has twice the band gap of silicon and absorbs more energetic visible light .
Therefore , they predict that it will absorb the optimal amount of energy from the sun to drive the catalytic splitting of carbon dioxide .
" This project brings together many scientific puzzle pieces , " said Sathrum .
" Quite a bit of work has been done on each piece , but it takes more science to mesh them all together .
Bringing all the pieces together is the part of the problem we are focused on . "
Source : University of California - San Diego
Ten Thousand Statistically Grammar - Average Fake Band Names
When working on the paper " The Quest for Ground Truth in Musical Artist Similarity " ( paper PDF link ) we built MusicSeer to collect human evaluation of artist similarity .
We expected a lot of responses but needed a way to ferret out " bad " results -- robots , users just clicking randomly , and people that did n't know the bands presented .
One idea was to pepper the list with " red herrings " in the form of fake bandnames -- and if someone chose one , we 'd ignore their responses later on .
Instead of thinking up a few , I made a quick script to part - of - speech tag the original list of 6,500 artist names that we were considering .
This left us with a set of common band name grammars ( popular ones were NNP NNP and NNP #.)
We then fed terms from our already collected music text set ( ' Klepmit ' ) through the grammars again ( at the natural probabilities ) to make some believable names .
If you start a band with one of these and get famous , I only ask that you do n't use " Caldera Catnip , " as it is already taken .
brian whitman 6/02
p.s. I have received an alarming amount of mail indicating that readers have found REAL LIVE BAND NAMES in this list ( " my brother 's band in high school was ' The Penetrators ' , " etc. )
Nonetheless , we estimate that 99 % of these names are as yet unused .
Check with your local authority .
p.p.s. these names are being used for the ' optimal artists ' synthesized by Eigenradio .
Petty Education Congress Freckle Franchise Breathe Faun Manly Pandas Monsoon Some Herd Trouble Seagull Sensor Drive Narcissus Binaural Dropout Chuck Tore Bran Minimax Bay Ewe Minimax Skunks Squirrel Rosemary Starve Pariah Amino Loudspeaker Urban Criterion Theirs Antennas Ricochet Sprout Shrew This Commanders Destructor Lands Bow Alibis Management 8900 Catcher Shrews Ban An Warrant Blossom Ladies Reclamation Habitual Cassette Cocky Magpie Fiend Minus Quixotic Attic Genealogy Biochemical Startup Chieftains Glossary Millipede Societal Farmer Minstrel 56265 Sculptors Beside Peasant Engineered Naval Scoundrel Painter Pigment Identification Commissioning Grip Track Botanical Vernacular Fasteners Abundantly Arsenic Brashly Heaps Business Cigar Goodby Celebration Investment Twelves Bravo Overheard Enlightenment Automata Politics Idiotic Botanical Dime Cloud Botanical Bodybuilding Nimble Crossroad Creamery Star Exempt Placenta Boathouse Society Web Either Sire All Beehives Aviator Combs Bridesmaid Pheasant Diggers 0694904732 Neither Hereditary Frequenters Interactive Hierarchical Monochrome Canon Bluefish Canister Moribund Lighthouse Meals Hornet Annuals Raccoon Critter Tidings Dines Alibi Encyclopedia Complex Pipe Dimmest Peppers Countryman Silicon Sulk Caption Bellboy Whip Pessimism Facsimile Subvert The Register Morality Hideout Transistor Playwrights Lodge Airstrip Train Golds Survive Aggregate Richer Equestrian Fussing Links Mens Sticky Either Constitutional Tit Deception Monkeys Conditioner Twelfth Ode Buns Disappear Spore Welcome This Cocoa Rotator Landings Star Pence Herring Original Inheritance Tonnage Mad Annuals Cooper Planet Asparagus Polytechnic Treachery Nights Bicentennial Refill Brewery Smuggler Hoops Dolphins Dignity Sufferers Adaptive An Quicksand Biographies Angel Sainted Dilemma Mets Hoar 23294 Pea Penny Your Paragraph Negates Woofer Snafu Goad Earls Damper Bourgeois Drosophila Dilate Snowman Starter Incurable Anechoic Swimmingly Weeper Thrift Robs Care Cigarettes Insurance Interdisciplinary Gene Quanta Messenger College Wagers Favorite Hunks Myriad Gantry Tit You Respect Guitar Joystick Sting Gross Dearest Cluck Glen Sharpness Anechoic Inhabitants Charter Stairwell Shilling Fillings Screech Windmills Arroyos Briefcase Aboriginal Criticize Job Tempest Flushing 82730 Pharmacy Sayings Nary Require Timeshare Nebular Newsletter Deductive Ballroom Converters Admiral Victim Domino Transcendent Honors Barb Therapy Cooper Shrine Bungalow Louse Omnibus Snoop Cleave Hemp Stray Pussy Hot Imperatives Repertory Beers Cruelty Brook Pang Draft Redirect Arbor Doves Sealed Rapids Kids Contour Dandelions Onto Hull Peninsula Dignitary Mandible Unthinkable Prince Pungent Coupler Overheard Coachmen Pundit Locus Salesperson Either Jewels Gentry Gory Stratification Childlike Navel Medicines Tassel International Face Hangmen Hotter Trackers Sharpness And Pea Substructure Alderman Lonelier Hangmen Learns Scientific Suffices Genre Fighter Eightfold Hue Elementals Madness Widens Rampart Integrative Hideout Laziest Pungent Panthers Borderline Cram What Bluffing Burnings Pod Patriot Raptures Messengers Around Clockwork Lotus Rosary Acoustics Saloon Horizontal Thunderbolt Purity Near 2786 Foundry Aerosol Kern Exhibitions Outcast Imprison Kitchen Mute Suicides Overseers Persuader Elephant Loft Paste Chipmunk Faithful Hike Versus Corrosive Shadowy Soundings Seamen Location Benchmarks Grades Equinox Research Destructor Pumice Channeller Polar Inherit Northwestern Phoenix Cherubs Vibrator 91291 Obviousness Citadel Famous Autumns Taboo Longitude 1877 Packing Spitfire Brimstone Idiocy Lioness Brothels Sayer Tribune Catcher Giver Leash Cocoon Blocker Notable Luster Citadel Leaguer Frieze Lambert Funk Sands My Burns Sensory Robin Monstrosity Deception Temperamental Tempest Caster Boldface Utters Specialist Smoker Betrayal Slave Butcher Cooper Airships Cassette Leniency Fighter Startups Parkers Lion Noonday Among Citizen Petticoat Somatic Shuttles Antisocial Evacuation Favorite Nary Realizations Cow Ascension Vine Monarchs Acolyte Apocalypse Displeasure Beguiles Mediums Levy Grind Blacksmith To Asylum Fanning Quarry Divisional Overkill Ibis Fillings Gazer Martyrs Evaporation Operator Minimax Orb Patio Rosemary Blowfish Woof Hard Skyhook Hoes Incense Caterer Maximizer Bias Psalms Ratios Overheard Specialty Essence Potash Peas Colleges Hangar Coalesce Therapist Revenger Caveats Amphitheater Barbecue Eleventh Among Fleece Craving Architecture Declining Ado Famous Housewife Segmentation Deal Sojourner Periodicals Deserter Month Infiltrate Spyglass Palladium Heaps Messier Pervert Hawks Redemption Variables Sawtooth Corrections Dynasty Lord Witchcraft Tucks Congressman Wretch Wagoner Trolley Saver Maritime And Any Flounder Handy Cutlass Latitudes Bee Mace Easter Copperhead Junta Orb Ware Cricket Tuner No Poisonous Grabs Stratification Astral Addenda Vanguard Unsent Absentee Injection Hourglass Hole Bran Enchantment Each Pinks Bill Inducer Swimmer Reign Penitent Pioneer Coachman Amongst Landslide Heliocentric Minus Another Redhead Peripherals Base Regulator Thugs Orchestra Dells Premiers Decimate Arabesque Havens Creeper Breeder Vine Equatorial Crocks Waterfalls Rapids 193690 Fruit Bedbug Stabilizer Suitcase Interactivity Gopher Geophysical Souls Farad Axis Brazing This Mister Interlink The Romance Dumber Exhaust Fevers Aerials Nary Washer Maternally Anterior Gopher Factor Harem Consulate Examines Air Or Ivory Historical Crossings Mesquite Rebuttal Chatter Counsellors Poor Wisp Abrasion Crabs Sparrows Monsoon Foster Inseparable Flowchart Aversion Whine Goofs Paddy Minnows Convoy Stealthy Shrine Cram Supernatural Hotter Bestseller Evaporation Sideline Cranberry Hospitality Cleansers Stitch Nobles Bullion Museum Nativity Doper Fragmented Starling Amino Clouds Schoolhouse Sufferers Qualm Signet Ague Skirmishes Computer Hearten Pageantry Dimple Discharge 0810908999 Altitude Banded Lest Identification Mouser Woodchuck Award Boomerang Bailiff Mammas Starfish Rougher 9397 Ushers Refused Every Conflagration No Limber Facsimile Maxim Sheriffs Copyright Starfish Minus Seaside Workstation Fettle Assassins Inquirer Consult Oneness Trilateral Giraffe Grapefruit Auditions Venomous Pinks Channeller Its Sparrow Until Any Ball Outwit Microphone Shrine Nab Furniture Among Jugglers Harry Hart Miscarriage Deadlines Lash Shrine Richer Entrap Philosophers Preludes Curses Madras Canister Lovelies Thicker Valve 152023984 Shinbone Snake Attrition Rook Carol Trader Agriculture Trucking August Occasion Elk Artist Crewcut Wipers Musings Rheumatic Sitter Decadence Deluxe Puss Currencies : Patches Patriots Atop Tricky Chlorine Drafter Discernment Schooler Bestselling Grooves Syndicate Priority Kinder Nary Strawberries Itinerary Data Week Smasher Neighborhood Smelt Captivates Marketing Fiasco Test Bars Markers Interpretation Blocker Reaping Carpenter Pebble Pelt Bumble Mutatis Weathers Advertising An Impeachment Mourner Education Aching Antarctic Razor Ransom Seahorse Shame Encyclopedias Forgave Grudge Hangar Potash Heartbeat Penal Anemia Creamers The Comeback Stillborn Landlady Junker Darter Sevenfold Weekly Assemblages Stripes Shovel Voting Ridden Brother Parkway Clouds Hoop Remonstration Hams Salvation Bonny Hotness Weather Inertia Manufacturer Pawn 8670 Chamberlain Starboard Botany Ballyhoo Stooge Elk Pole Jug Pipe And Transpose Batch Interns Ushers Malnutrition Windmill Chucks Bumblebee Plant Shoe Healer Florist Executor Thinker Specie Brook Sawtooth Related Pals Immaturity Witchcraft Goddess Blankly Powdered Blossom Photocopy Imprison Sharks Mulberry Dukes Confederate But Fig Inspector Neither Dense Appropriator Pick Radish Bestseller Trucker Exodus Nickels Azimuth Gambit Pool Pincushion Flock Personifying Competition Drank Fetus Husk Crier Conformity Lambert Surge Albacore Heavenly Ice Irksome Eyes Taverns Rattler Memoirs Beggars Twentieth Deck Lander Newsstand Messiest Latitudes Gambit Schema Dissension Movable Blade Another Capital Adobe Cookery Silo Autumns Dignity Glitters Shadow Envoy Skylark Shopping Skill Interlink Suggestive Sphinx Jeweler Block Alias Pancakes Lever Humble Insubordinate Underneath Socialist Report 01750 Woman Settings Germinating Plains Serendipity Bellboy Strawberry Hairpin Flowerpot Aviator Codeine Fulcrum Mud Vita Consolidation Nightingale Flick Con Terminologies Whether Unaided Silliest Tingles Dandy Berne Maxim Doghouse Future Blink Garlic Ha Ibis Garbages Melon Gallows Spin Styli Stainless But Hardness Blacksmith Earthmover Pomposity Colonization Teacup Swinger Dog 1665 Scarlet Scheduling Cargo Sew Romp Motel Thorns Spokes Greatest Southerner Textile Creep Maid Beret Brunette Reed Material Sevens Villainy Polices Tentacles Ibex Acetate Shack Peacock Application 4701 Concubine All Westerners Sash Amoebae Literary Tourist Philharmonic Any Madder Clockwise Cruising Speeder But Contour Shortsighted Client Constitution Ward Font Skin Stabilizer Parkers Rockabye Charters Cropper Civic Fool Salamander Bawl Vagina Antique Bravest Coronation Blitz Diarrhea Zoos Fury Tracers Ewe Woofer Ewe Ridden Inclusion Ointment Nobles Dancer Harrow Flashback Neural Billiards Until Purse Switchboard Sparks Bridge Redwood Urn Honorable Twin Beach Dimes Nickels Sufferers Any Although Gene Undertakers Mortification Owner Carpenter Sinner Lummox Parsley Dissolution Repent Hooker Orbital These Psyches Cymbals Entertainment Bye Console Nor These Pennies Hotter Analytic Sadistic Delegate Tyranny Cylinders Bigots Galactic Atlas Plume Invalid Dignitary Doorway Newt Locality Duck Webs Tiniest Camper Sweetheart Grand Surround Epsilon These Patriotic Secretarial Pagoda Otters Outdoor Fortuitously Balloon Versus Noble Monsoon Wretch Boss Beaters Blondes University Delinquent Corroboration Preludes Kennel Thicker Forbid Delegate An Comic Slither Shuttles Lizard Slate Breathe Ensemble Immature Garment Disc Invest Football Brandy Axis West Dancer Snowflake The Packs Forfeit Nor Aspen Methodists Botanical Rotator Mahogany Whit Stiletto Compounding Day Foster Nail Doubler Lawless Pity Livid 19661987 Fingers Harvesting Staves Radon Decadence Tulips Octaves Valley Seasonings Clutches Lifer Spiral Pentecostal Aerobics Coupler Supernatural Eyepiece Topological Spearmint Romper Philosophers Digest Steamboat Jumper Wire Noodle Hideout Golf Governmental SYM Readable Planetary Refreshers Adagio Ayes Blunderbuss Splurge Propeller Lakes Opera Barbarous Juggler Corner Bigotry Stones Design Whiskey Absentee Feudalism Lentils Glazer Dazed Cub Godhead Daylight Judging Chamberlain District Gasp Periodicals Hologram Either Radon Madras Swollen Lobby Rhapsody Baffler Sender Bundles Kissers Outlast Uprising Trail Villas Waitresses Pyre Parish Begotten Labor Mangler Comfortingly Guano Adapt Pool Opiate Sack Aghast Lunches Dweller Releases Soy Bites Posts Codeine Overture Spectacular Pikes Keen Normals Rupee 5075 Northwest Devotion Mask Feline Business Bitch Browns Rides Flap Movers Reporter Ashman Untimely Pelt Exemplary Crosser Transpose Pinnacles Extol Poke The Porters Dragons Port Yeomen Iterated Saber Fireside Schedule Benchmarking Rise Linden Preacher Loafer Dicky Woman Rattlers Walker Dieter Godfather Infantry Chuck Crystal Twang Shoals Nor Parsley Thrasher Engines Collie Southbound Blackjack Cutters Relativity Beamer Forum Lorry Both Infidel Aloe Rant Slippery Circle Wash Down Manifest Sensual Codfish Hull Sail Tag Rob Allegretto Metrics Vagina Pageant Thaws Disqualification Birdie Southern Attic Lifelike Pancake Carcass Swing Trump Movies Beauty All Physicist Protestant Indentation Discs Tone Notebook Transponder Advisory Gospel Rob Platters Trance Trucking Molecular Overland Batter Crossings Trespassers Louse Implant Off Rosary Homemaker Shaker Lizard Emeritus Blanch Coronary Repent Bum Utopia Whisper Dumber Redirect SYM Jeer Addicted The Buckwheat Spy Obsolescence Realist Goddess Sixes Starter Newsletter Notwithstanding Hostile Sprocket Neither Across Trenches Emergency Ore Activate Bill Optimal Aerodynamic His Usability Concert Castle Dyers Melon Villa Minus Another Journalists Home Albeit Dissonant Soggy Those Chef Locus Sticking Rattler Groves Juggler Unbound Slippery Van Thrasher Jab Elms Peaches Some Evaporation Plunder Strikers Corrections Ampersand Lamb Shod Tramp Recover Sage Domino Explorer Thicker Mirror Federation Stillborn Stories Slumber Martial Forecast Crossroad Senate Pedagogy Airship Cozier Coasters Bison Shire Camper Dunk Protestant Without Surgical Penance Lice Postmortem Bursa Cocoon Live Oval Blustery 15359 Winer Retarder Florin Beers Flaw Bullock Follower Bay Elders Another Concerto Ointment Exclude Injures Brief Fighter Win Fifth Infirmary Grapevine Qua Critter Lawns Porcupine Bracelet Land Treasury Lit Volt United Prayer Assembler Mini Assistantship Exploitation Photo Acrylic While Beak Intern Breve Coo Decrement Cardinal Guidebooks Stormy Fungal Honorable Lantern Mistakes Giraffe Passionate Day Intermediate Cannery Hardy Abundantly Brothels Chateau Mould Debacle Peanuts Mountaineer Fairs All Tastes Plunger Bliss Fund Pulp Magic Citrus 862001 Phantoms Armadillos These Checker Marines : Goad Antler Turnip Some Diabetes Countryman Ayes Gigabyte Tribunal Postmortem Agile Diem Ordinates Rill Cranberry Bower Pharmacy Retribution Jenny No Celebrity Bugle Naval Kid 62579 Sojourners Sigma Germs Reporter Cherub Inactive Ourself Ache They Ridge Amity Flaming Prowlers Chemist Civility King Twang Sunglasses Random Courteous Locality Petters Woofers Engineered Executor Rudder Stalked Anvil Better Embark Seaside Battlefield Paperbacks Railing Lotus Archangels Pictures Smashers Miller Autumns Webs Vacations 042601 Hilltops Trivia Anxiety Clubhouse Cathedral Wren Alas Hunches Bunkhouse Pilgrimage Thanksgiving Tidings Petri Stiller Stones Planer Adagio Depot Conscientious Qualm Beside Those Kickers Without Sporting Bellicose The Historic Brigade Kneel Metrics Ocean Mast Codfish Drops Moonlight Nutrition Nemesis Axis Chucks Blaster Tribe Any Expansions Sill Subcultures Naturalization Sterling Jenny Embassies Aerosol Somebody Design Inaction Marine Neither Stub Arbor Geological Avenger Insignificance An Fleece Manor Parasol Blinkers Palfrey Bigotry Pager Warms Glen Maniacs Petty Both Benchmarks Honer Shady Yourself Simulators Overkill Advertise Lingua Brilliancy Convoy Carol Blur Fumes Displayer Tenement Lever Landing Runaway Heliocentric Snows Transcontinental Saber Advertising Antique Stallings Dear Chin Starvation Deal Nary Thoughts Schoolhouse Platoon Fondle Westward Memorandum Or Rascals Wafer Mettle Turret Pronunciations Organizer Another Regenerator Burgess Chamberlain Interdisciplinary Like Playmate Trance Lasso Alphabetical Rho Raze Bacteria Peas Liberator Subtler Voyages Cinema Randy Telephone Hardware Flashback Nutrition Theorist Smut Rail Beehive Conference Supplemental Travail Traffic Sprout Spiller Drake Sandstone Readout Severance Explosive Dawns Laden Observatory Psychosocial Epsilon Infinitum Talker These Myrtle Pickup Gazette Slid Chum Corset Shady Unsolved Whit Stirrings Wristwatch Of Tore Tray During Hedges Beehive Pumpkins Painful Orbit Bean Minimax Brothels Axiom Prompter Education Blister Transit Guiltiness Whip Digitization Tool Tipper Dawns Wades Ewe Wizards Dazzle Homes Pea Coaxial Augmentation Acorn Pence Vanguard Anders Amiss Briefcase Cocoa Diversions Breakpoint Raze Black Skinners Senses Popular Chronic Wipers Meadow Madden Batten Bovine Plum Tribunal Colonization Startup Necessities Clearance Illogical Park Honeydew Hex Territory Tailor Unlabelled Packers Egotist Hardy Bunker Knapsack Beget Pelican Hierarchical Contracting Purple Archive Any Honors Refreshers Widows Analytically And Bowman Free Grail Valence Elementary Availability Python Wave Spike An Polemics Gourmet Commutative Except Immature Bikini Shrew Bluff Visitor Scorns Shop Azimuth Friction Shook Exclaim Hammer Nationwide Friendship University Trout Shadows Contraption Conversation Welfare Fitter Somebody Exempt Tubes Broth Exempt Nickels Pageant Gambler Escalate No Stiles Windmills Shovel Alchemy Evens Parish Spark Interact Modular Skim Apathetic Beaver Saws Tyranny Nickname Ban Brides Intonation Exile Brazier Potters Assembly Opprobrium Cranes Prunes Bivouac Metropolis Except Postulates Rumble Gripes An Grow Into Jungles Off Pianist Wilt Battlefield Matrix Mare Emergency Vortex Rats Dropper Woodman 41985 657 Harbor Wrestles Civility Frisk Getaway Decrement Seashore Doom Constitution Proclaimers SYM Camper Tint Trick Clutches Orbiter Convoy Sincerely Cellars Untried Midpoint Diapers Carpenter Heights Valuation Fattest Honor Armadillo Normals Between Untidy Biller Nectar Taboo Beard Spun Tingles Pet Undertakers Or Either Overhaul Smuggler Annuals Stern Eucalyptus Human Dummy Either Cleaves Flips Protocol Beagle Irritant Room Lioness Collecting Industrial Pageantry Torpedoes Sanitation Churchyard Assembly Honors Citation Bagpipe Golf Both Alternations Treks Ax Sporty Obtain Lambert Scythe Slumber As Sideburns Feeding Amoeba Snowy Redirect Census Sabotage Gently Triumphed Chronograph Quo Socialize Bugle Intermediate Stairwell Chili Hitchhike Chewer Any Oysters Loudspeaker Paradox Mountaineer Stitches Stanzas Insecticide Sonnet Ringer Shutdown Magenta Petters Drosophila Scotch Lummox Citrus Tower Mnemonic Precinct Gravitation Cocky Cudgel Wanderer Soda Any Cabs Independent Ratios Outsider Matchless Airports Domino Ammonia Minus Lens Wavefront Lacerating Coronation Halcyon Stiller Presides Daze Interdependence Pagan Temperance Room Fishers Doe Tore Charter Guyer Pinnacles Joiner Note Hull Yellow Federation No Pulp Leech Dimension Resignation Hypothetically Mirage Anesthesia Deer Romantics Ridiculous 7978 Telegrams Refreshers Weirdly Raw Arrowhead Palace Decal Hospitality Amoeba Each Reverend Skies Collide Braid Paste Career Decimal Riverfront Skyline Threatens Woodland Gripes Lambs Pig Hookups Diaries Soles Selfishly Boathouse Mutation Pica Colts Postmortem Cliff Naval Undo Neither Melons Farmhouses Deliverer Intrepid 2914 Unconscionable 430609631192968576 Barker Syndicate Dynamite Cascades Between Husker Online Environmental Dating Boldface Merchandise Stairwell Bless Celebrity Cherry Bloom Bat Coronation Week Sailboat Dynamo Pea Who Crocodile Assenting Whirl Jade Forest Numerically Scabrous Decoders Subscribe Dissolution No Corridors Complex Figs Collide Stairways Stamps Reflex Commotion Illegally Water Ours Lacrosse Trespassers University Quadratic Diphtheria Asymmetric Either Classical Testing Nor Bulletin Pox Artifact Breathlessly Launched Summertime Seam Annexation Mossy Puss Each Bedsprings Alumni Pet Equinox Certainty Cork Lander Laurel Wren Markers Kappa Advisory Grand Messier These Distillers Confederacy Foundation Freedom Reindeer Bunkers Kneel Valence Rancid Gory Overcoat Boos Crowds Ethers Yeomen Godhead 32121 Searchers Fruit Gerbil Electron Priory The Bathers An Screw Brandy Agricultural Smoking Urchin Hex Parasitic Revolver Summoners Kite Ammonia Sentinel Sour Fitter Junta Mossy Through But Sharpened Travelers Adulation Expression Nothings Braes Hedgehog Calculator Tapes Minus 8789 Another Lung Those Rupee Mustache Schoolhouse Beryl Notable Monk Separable Alphanumeric Culture Panicky Phantom Subvert Carcass Serviceable Nary Thrush Monarchs Anymore Landlord Nerve Greets Any Quaternary Crab Avant Any Rights No Drinkers Nutrition Prong Draper Derrick Hotness Every Sporty Chairperson Dreamer Scraper Bay Wren Rancher Clubhouse Cavalier Abolition Thieves Meditation Folk Chicks Sailing Fin Commodores Planers Coal Baroness August Sainthood Fruit Upholster Freckle Gulch Blind Northwest Broom Flock Store Phi Premiers Hypocrisy Fortification Zonal Relics Seasons Before Psychosocial Neither Sporting Sanitarium Fitter Reed Enchantress Deacon Repertory Secretarial Magnet Guild Mini Usability And Either Eyebrows Omnibus Critiques Pet Zoo Levee Or Any Gymnast Boatmen Recapture Furlong Squire Pinion Shepherd Volleyball Task Rouge Sierra Stiles Doe Sires 3302001 Cantilever Sweatshirt Jets Serpent Kneel Computers Serpent Probes Bestselling Bank Pup Ratios Warps General Villains Multimedia Snapshots Advancement Ascension Boycott Minus Huh Bewildering Indigo Auditorium Proficiency Terminator Mask Nick Imploring Amusements Cartel Horseshoe Fitter Brief Posture Patrol Symptom Engrossed Alder Desk Lobes Blunderbuss Antenna Issuer Mall Shiver Dropper Startup Sewing Scout Pump Transpose Victor Jerk Knack Toad Hardware Garbage Licorice Ministry Auctioneer Oriole Sunburnt Friction Gelatinous Tar Lazy Journey Cassette Fidelity Gymnasium Anew Big Bravo Extras Belles Guile Collusion Shrew Parabola Wrens Investigative Home Rector Paraffin Nibbles Shoal Streets Jostle Earn Salamander Fellowship Hourglass Uplands Universals Bluff Ardent Pong Cookie Happier Circa Perseverance Scrawl Twentieth Backyard Roam Creepers Dieter Avant Toner Suffers Healthier Under Grate Pea Pottery Guinea Fairs Tide 20072001 7293 Peeling Farms Heron Birches Monarchy Download Polices Butcher Bullfrog Clockwork Computer Jug Bagger Missile Insignificance Carelessness Cascade International Furlough Nary Cruises Font These Litterbug Sept Notebook Reunion Layout Transponder Prosecutor 111001 Grades Debris Vibration Repercussion Molecular Peel Swordfish Chlorine Nocturnal Parliament Bespoke Sneeze Retarder Quantum Blowout Blondes Celebrate 2232000 Reinforcement Shall Cocks Theirs Mission Outrun Convergent Pacemaker Olden Mariner Legislative Abbe Undress Brimstone Hijack Friars Proclaimers Averages Lens Consulting Shifty Diffuser Lambs Probation These Huntsman Boldface But Tramp Storage Activate Indecent Prodigy Repent Telecommunications Approximating Robotics Quitters Recline Workman Mallet Van Signet Beadle Fader Cruisers Outbound Snake Torque Emeritus Lummox Deride Restaurant Some Brunette Unconscious Fleece Fiber 7866 Supplier Tavern 9517 Unconditional Sixth Mount Midwinter Spiral Chatter Vibrator Untidy Mailer Terminus Markers Plus These Soapy Internal Peripherals City Unlimited Raisin Minnows Interdisciplinary Southland Sulphuric Cautioners Euphoria Roam Instruction Boll Frisk Bray Scientist Veal Iodine Workstation Mnemonic Slugs Pipelines Stakes Kneel Shaggy Avenger Contrive Cramp Alder Bitch Bovine Whence Hospital Die Rattle Railway Atrocity Pagers Memento Hairless Gallant Walker Abuse Drake Acetone Locusts Salvation Coils Anodize Bottoming These 20100 212794 Nonce Oriole Sale Vertical Dissension Baroness Ancestry Dormitory Dressers Radioactive Alibis Credit Locality Baptism Console Seacoast Spender Unfit Flamboyant Port Psalms Knuckle Jay Diner Papa Blinkers Rubbish Metro Essays Eternal Dynasty Foreman Especially Newlywed Boathouse Princesses Cart Deforest Any Appliances Genie Port Constitutional Doghouse Reference Powder Presides Cram Console Mask District Along Starlight Some Toilet Filter Profiles Slipper Seers Mongoose Primal Emptied Up Any Deck Bishop Discuss Another Lingua General Bans Movers Bureau Roe Ferret Rib Dispatch Either Gene Arson Balsam Admiral Skylight Monastery Absinthe Plus Each Protons Butcher Carpenter Line Saws Dandelion Degradation Asunder 048 Borderline Pornography Mute Chaser Impure Navigate Bee Casuals Thriller Theory Hopelessness Shaft Rooftop Treasurer Crab Fellowship But The Widens Mini Herbs Booker Factor Racketeers Elders Windmills Elective Wizards Silt Twas Bowl Omicron Feline Boll Prejudice Parachutes Echoes Gorilla Martingale Hart Primers Maul Grid Directrix Oleander Tiger Bullfrog Bowl Intrigue Synapse Lubrication Clout Jelly Bluffing Every Forklift Whit Previews Airstrip Steamboat Covert Laurel Hoop Handcuff Hospital Meanness Another Deities Every Stern Bowman Coca Space Bank Chute Any Locksmith Cathedral Salter Anomie Marigold Overrun Illustration Pea Finders Coaxial Reals Shell Lest Gainer Marionette Chuck Scrimmage Spectra Tenement Realness Slipper Ripple Heedless Figure Sledge After Wilt Molehill Kidnapper Peas Catheters Some Imperfect Sedition Thorns Deception Goody Baroness Showy Stirrings Apogee Oriole Acetylene Embark Snapdragon Inside Antennas Magnesium The Ruby Breakaway Clement Chisel Ambuscade Amplification Lees Brindle Knight Registry Gazette Juiciest Indefatigable Lens Cosmopolitan Engineered Goodby Shibboleth Those Shrews Scarlet An Ibis Trust Daffodil Exterminate Sunset Prophesy Or Inhaler These Bullish Years Antennas Cherub No Plurality Birch Eureka Diphtheria Derby Meridian Awake Hate Charming Lambs Lawn Cooper Grammar Sexuality Consortium Spy Lump Vine Washer Stitches Altars Torus Wan Hale Altitude Friction Saws Taxis Sunflower Dry Stones Introspections Romancer Sock Duchess Rash Rosette Algorithm Tweed Bran Engravings Bugle Lute Inlet Abstracts Invader Poke Keys Learner Rare Backslash Icicle Either Castle Wave Every Aerodynamic Hobbies Leisure Pajama Exodus Convoy Scholar Although Slate Eighteenth Offshore Turnover 220694 Guiltiness Ibis Furniture Glow Leather Compliant Coward Literature Indicators Fetter Severely Panther Pea Parker Longitude Choreography Boulder Orthodoxy Hypocrite Angler Tempestuous Cavity Mould Gild Oracle Tramp Blunt Shriek Plenty Givers Pit Echoes Horizon Signs Excavate Postmortem Callousness Helpless Transpose Stationmaster Staff Zonal Pancake Electron Overheard Insomniac Cigarettes Eclipse Nickels Insecure Waltz Cleansers Blueberry Prostate Projectile Bellicose Mutton Annuals Mussels Pauper Pie Addendum Alcohol Spool Widener Culpa Hymns Holly Temperature Maxima Givers Counterfeit Washer Unconscious Biochemical Tucks An Vibration Ermine Handshake Blocker Advisory Monument Grace Pause Queen Cannonball Opcode Slays Dilation Inhales Emperor Airports Megaton Marching Trauma Snout Vine Blitzkrieg Chasers Magic Valence Codes Steps Handfuls Inside Census Ash Abuse Horse Pea Fugitives Scepter Pavilions Embassy Either Rescuer Kissers Northeast Communion Pornographer Granary Smuggler Eyelid The Monks Meridian Sprung Thinkers Marble Quark Pincushion Sign Tourist Clown Minefield Geyser River Lander Bourbon Inverse Raisers Totality Opinion Faithfully Rapids Renewable Temperamental Beavers Atheist Tweed Bulldogs Trackers Grimace Pretext Trance Petters Baron Whitest Bravo Butte Encapsulation Shop Pause Postulates Pucker Handshake Marshal Earls Gad Via Pogo Smelter Ordinates Conditioners Falcon Philosophers Botch Benchmarks Cake Oceanography Anoint Shovel Banning Parson Container Non Kitty Sonata Sporty Shiners Switchboard Unreliable Railway Replication Kinky Gourmet Fitness Rover Cannibal Channels Blinder Each Convergence Corder Water Hare Gunner Rebuttal Advertising Chili Rho Ambuscade Countryman Regatta Pucker Compromised Clubhouse Alias Segregate Bookshelves Incomputable Centaur Broadly Potters Gingham Showdown Radian Tacit Roadster Billboard Thigh Grill Infernal Grudge Coronation 90035 Spear Trench Eagles Bier Aristocratic Tree Investment Armor Literature Studios Weather Reverses Closer Among Bulb Studios Opcode Legislative Codes Breeze Acacia Test Abut Pelts Vane Governmental Bureau Interdisciplinary Infidels Schemer Inmate Aboard Cubs Addicted Aerials Advisers Float Altitude Landlord Racket Wipers Dismount Forum Starlet Ferry The Bestsellers Woofers Protect Plus His Powerlessness Better Surge Monkey Packer Pinhole Lacy Desideratum Surgery Medicinal Spectra Blows Release Black Beget Altars Lake Backwater Scoring Glossary Cram Diver Possum Triplet Artifacts Looseleaf Springer Boon Lifeboat Corset Dulls Recoil Pancakes Discontent Operator Roll Iron Financial Brilliant Chaos Nineteens Rougher Sonata Merry Inducer Agony Pea Dreamer Golden Mercury Clogs Dynamite Prey Lighting Royal Ravines Herder Engineering Roundhouse Licorice Purity Consumable Regulatory Plus Strychnine Extras Beryl Bagels Locator Piercing Vulnerabilities Philharmonic Twang Soles Calliope Aversion Renewable The Tinge Heelers Lens Ringer Glazer Acres Bangle Sessions Vanguard Sulphuric Either Amplifiers Dweller Voice Publisher Weddings Royal Reference Deck Packer The Apocalypse Landings Scoundrel Elite Schooling Symbol Unwinding Sharks Gene Hygiene Madden Obsession Chit Nitty Honer Imperfection And Thrashes Icicle Acetate Tanner Noiseless Notebooks Suffocation Thermodynamics Stun 101801 Maiden 41490 Crossovers Wasps Pavilion Ticket Layoffs Detective Healing Roach Cure Honeybee Signatures Minefield Mistletoe Spear Polytechnic Causeway Infantry Spear Roundhouse Redeem Parallax Management Reproducible Vaunt Ark Prey Bear Booker Smashers Canyon Lonelier Nimbus Formidable Blaze These Abduct Past Shopper Gunpowder Sapiens Juror Lander Geranium Silencer Rebuttal Vacant Aggregates Seduce Cuisine Video Grimace Amoeba Lifer Neither Lurks Legislature Taboo Fang Switchblade Kink Jam Atonal Collaborates On Locator Vultures Villainy Ceiling Facto Digger Shack Pinion Ration Some Highlander Whiz Deforest Caterpillars Collegian Ventures Shortstop Carters Puss Birds Platoon Flats Theater Thermodynamics Trip Railroad Repercussion Leash Mesquite Dipper Sandstone Daffodil Mains Piers Sporty Snowflake Timeout Peacock Decoys Gable Colloquia Extinction Hologram Stony Rubbish Supernatural Caterpillars Impressionist Extravagant Guidebooks Gags Astride Impact Changer Beget Sixpence Another Democrat Westerner Tertiary Audition Shines Vibrator Educators If Detractor Crowns Splinter Paper Woofers Pentagon Wiretap Eggshell Sari Drops Forcible Attackers Gazer Loan Computer Across Plus Personalized Eligible Sierra Eggplant Penniless Photographer Chartered Unraveling Thankless Reporter Bayonet Junky Wretch Almonds Pelt Dewdrops Fitness Topological Ado Honeybee Gird Beaters Broiler Bravos Doves Precinct Orifice Pavilions Gigabyte Transcontinental Exclude Slave Bifocal Of Timeshares Twang Pawn Pea Carve Celebration Diarrhea Gnu Walrus Pea Diviner Each Resignation Bridges Recursive Entertainment Explore Shifter Series Pipe Bowman Bivouac Tropics All Diviner Rhombus From Bayou Greetings Vegetarian Sari Shiver Stringer Cranberry Overseer Unreliable Geometry Lasers Stiletto Coachman Biplane Messiest Pulp Vapors Foundation Dossier Goodby Greyhound Cub Minuteman Nobility Cab Canister Magazine Mettle Duster Hotness Loft Dye Filename Pint Enclosures Forum Diggers Internship Countryman Regression Inherit Mask Stench Shaving Shearing Beamer Both Conflagration Foreign Sunburnt Thrones Computational Queens Gourmet Sedition Gourd Polemics Fundamentally Baseless Violator Pricks Swirl Mistakes Detachment Cardinal Salt Harp Anarchy Pyramid Vehemence Hydra Tobacco Chewers Mesquite Neither Callousness Mugs Postmortem Cherish Balk Icicle Stores 33155 Pinhead Balloon Eye Aperture Crystal Puller Brilliancy Capybara Larder Constructor Scholarships Positron Those Hoes Opponents Nebula Python Anemia Psychologist Penguins Vault Sirs 061697 Your Women Signification Covert Northwestern Or No Hardworking Avowed Cubs Illustrator Hymns Tokens Hereafter Travail Overflow Fountains Tower Barking Pea Freshwater Cargoes Volt Cardinal Affiliation Ethers Network Faith Each Deer Deck Lubrication Willow Agriculture Deflate Apostle Wines Breadwinner Shakedown Plurality Martingale Compassionately Infinity Outer Hearten Tomb That Formation Sew Diviner Visit Another Fanatic Chute Hart Postmaster Inspires Pickup Regent Seventieth Weather Deserter Overboard Toner Protocols Mandarin Quanta Paragon Afterimage Acne Mutton Visage Mockingbird Bridesmaid Penetrator Queens Otter Pith Superego Bulbs Matchers Urchins Or His Palfrey Packs Both Addicted Leash Inland Dune Pervert Rays Streaks Bode Scrupulous Nights Egg Incline Wipers Sail Beholder Talker Shall Republic Any Stormy Total Lit Hummingbird Industrial Forecast Trigonometry Interdependence Aura Hyena Lobes Tinge Slayers Each Palfrey Holy Brandy Segmentation Primrose Beyond Stillborn Pea Albacore Bitch Bulldogs Earthworm Spire Protocol Trouser Corrections Dilation Dancer In Visas Robin Resource Signification Repent Hopelessness Images Fattest Symptom Pepperoni Slaughters Forum Monarchs Reed Buffer Haunter Syndrome Priest Steamboat Cretin Fevers Pneumonia Discontent Heavyweight Highwayman Nary Infantryman Because ___________________________________________
Hue Barbarian Codfish Wisp Derrick Shatterproof Fleas Kilowatt Lark Spellbound Damper Aloha Collecting Issuer Eagles Lowest 1936 Flyer Nails Pump Flashback Pal Hangman Collegian Whiskey Crossings Barbecue Princesses Broccoli Hackers Saucers Pneumonia Doughnut Airships Lackey Tentacles Customers Fallow Posters Restrict Biochemical Sturgeon Accordion Rummy Bitten Ensembles Dizzy Jitterbug Sampler Grenades Forklift Reconstruction Popularized Penetration Driveways Sevenfold Archangels Chop Horse Boss Arbiter Rod Solution Soprano Horseshoe Roundup Sessions Chocolate Dyne Boxcars Whisper Shovel Swarm Bargains Facsimile Neither Poles Porter Sonata Bunkers Frozen You Publishing Formation Splinter Grail Aloha Prudential This Chicks Suggestive Outdoors An Matcher Aromatic Tents Televisions Subcultures Mutation Masquerade Evaporation Adjutants Elementals Breadwinner Biller Mount Of All Monstrosity Animal Merit Circularity Price Sonata Habitual Brazing Canopy Landers Rolling Successful Muffled Sleeplessness Bugler Smokestack Pancake Scab Edible Rill Mole Raid Monastery Hoot Ascension Cybernetics Foreman Sinusoidal Azure Hyacinth Treasurer Grand Tang City Neither Publications Seek Luncheon Dawns Priest Nebular Eels Each Ivy Palmer Damper Slums Around Emphatic Lunches Minuteman Supplier Aster Conducive Rater Ah Saddles Segmentation Disturbance Cooper Recession Mugs Plus Slender Fortress Pilgrim Meeker Inlet All Mutt Transatlantic Mandatory Coral Vagrant Mole Pelican Bellman Farewell Reunion Steelers Shifters Gunman __________________________
Knapsack Blows Maggot Malnutrition Tulip Hairless Scramble Timeless Sensational Deacon Gorgeously Theorist Hoes Humble Conformity Saviors Diner Libido Causeway Absorption Lawn Lark Covers Rat Some Bishop Sorority Cantaloupe Meta Airlock Excavation Lion Cannibal Conjures Propeller Before 8585 Omicron Federalist Interdependence Muzzles Inquirer Jungle Minus Every Woke Flashers Both Vagabonds Mules Specialist Hikes Destiny Seam Clink Lithograph Binaural Parachutes Reservoir Near Goal Pasture Plunder Coolie Pinto Awards Monographs Babes Locomotion Assassin Cane Jug Lacy Unbroken Download Heals Dizzy Entropy Behemoth Rudder Neither Cork Forests Locksmith Verbally Exploiter Skyline Artichoke Congress Nicknames Startup Grownup Iodine Attention Poker Would Gables Gaiety Penalty Systematic Freeway Tills Gunnery Interdisciplinary Leeway Both Iodine Fracture Roadblock Resistant Nickname Amoeba Adagio Alibis Drinkers Pinion Interference Almanac Campaigns The Playground Grosses Florin Parlor Chipmunk Bass Silencers Rye Green Dolls Burnt Ointment Cosmic Escapade Whirls Quad Juggler Central Thunderbolt Mountaineers Marble Brides Infection Miniaturization Brunches Foot Miracle Stabbing Barking Marine Scientist Judo Captives Oaks Gardeners Genealogy Golden Barbarians Counterfeit Income Index Nectar Gad Broccoli Geld Maximize Red Hookups Actions Jingle Hams Mow Foamy Indigo Some Woody Analytic Insecticide Filter Sleeplessness Borderline Tropical The Obsessions Pomposity Pornographer Furlough Pollution Showdown Widener Separable Bonny Learner Haggard Timer Taboo Mistletoe Neither Grudge Gun Interdisciplinary Sommelier Blasters Fears Larder Tinge Holiday Queer Weigh Landlord Future Cork Sellers Either Whittle Skylight Acacia Tree Rattlers Executor Sinkhole Octet Piston Pacific Highway Chronology Rouge Ridge Museum Greetings Convergent Greyhound Postmaster Cannonball Generosity Nutrient Domino Morphine Bridge These Boards No Antisocial Leap Healers Flex Leeway Lacquer Despatch Hatching Branch Ducks Clubhouse Nary Congressman Minus Windmills Clerks Ovens Because Projects Supergroup Artisan Pier Rooster Mutt Botch Snake Pong Prince Frank Disembowel Rank Tasters Cocoon Seam Mandarin Deflate Shutdowns Vertical Thorns Civility Supergroup Macro Shrub Polemics Scarecrow Bungalow Acoustics Purser Cybernetics Blue Eggplant Dale Burl Pestilent Hoof Solitaire Lecture Register Asking Bootleg Sojourn Cigar Innovate Boomerang Exclaim Stitches Pageantry Cherubs Farm Manly Juror Sandbag Pokerface Jug Nor Each Sweetest Spinners Delicatessen Plus Each Founders Fox Seam Regenerator Rooftop Farms Papers Lackey Noodle Riverside Ode Auctioneer Some Sister Choral Bunt Loafer Warp Stiller Battlefield Discord Orchestra Honorable Radar Comparable Pod Vocational Element Dazzle Spitfire Some Custard Oyster Tobacco Resistant Hologram Swimsuit Beagle Bilk Comeback Betrayal Migrant Industries Cannonball Average Undergo Dressers Era Committee Shortstop Rancid Peas Clash Penumbra Training Tertiary This Crier Fables Bouquet Avenger Stallings Bookshelf Flock Warship Scramble 622 Rob Regime Music Every Salvaging Idol Parish Cruises Gamma Misgivings Honeymoon Addicted Bright Chanter Bunny Joystick Sitter Cavity Ranch Caboose Flyer Ketchup Oceanography Compliant Abode Tentacles Squads Conditions Weeper Fauna Anoint Rat Squires Indemnity Lamb Wavelength Dossier Dictator Backbones Plus All Complain Codeine Funnel Shadows Aright Chlorine Preferences Quietest Cyclotron Bestsellers Renewable Codeine Minicomputers Chat Generals Deposition Crown Impurity Foe Sloper Acme Ecclesiastical Restaurants Dogma Abbot Evacuation Steamboat Hoops Pinhole Posture These Biologist Unguarded Universe Registry Priest Hydra Lion Maniacs Lawn Neither Collegian Beau Clockers Honeybee Princesses Central Finders Breakpoint Retainer Both Pill Baritones Settings Schematic Kanji Mailer Around Affair Preludes Junky Sulk Busy Wile Babysitting Snowmen Vernacular Money Florist Roe Planetaria Excerpt Inglorious Cooper Dean Romp Both Rustler Hilltops Meeker Doomsday No Whereas Solitary These Clusters Rocky Fearless Caret Ostrich Enquirer Primitives Collegian Visor Widget Sonata Starfish Ritual As Scatterbrain Roustabout Quick Motivation Eater Saver Earthly Polytechnic This Electronics Tide Ibis Movers Dippers Opiate Intellect Showboat Stamp Disengage Mermaid Deacon Crowns Bowl Routers Periodicals Aware Snail Earls Boss Inn Geophysical Protestant Interface Chemical Vibrator Either Naval Burrow Anarchy Derail Future Anti Spore Pal Fen Overhaul Firecracker Tropic Depot Matrimonial Deceiver Flam Pessimism Squires Sabbath Allied Skylight Cream Specters Insensitive Circumpolar Motivation Gospels Neither Bellman Gingham Copyright Hatching Acetone Dresser Applique Month Dewdrops Et Warrior Sloop Controllable Interactivity Recitation Capital Bunkhouse Gospels Slither Employment Rapids Gleanings Heathen Vanguard Booster Dusk Downers Playtime Spotlight Fountains Plume Another Librarian Browse Colliding Feather Regeneration Statistical Assemblages Quill Intonation Apostolic Dummy Author Perishable That Taxis Octet Haddock Antisocial Or Almanac Woof Each Panics Knack Duster Brook Boldface Homes Pomposity Imprison Exerciser Sundial Pavilions Horde Forest Advisor Pistol Sander Beehive Sacred Heroin Explicitness 79951 Evaporation Permeation Ventures Mien Neither Benchmarks Iron Anise All Whiter Sidewalks Receiver Pagers Buns Minuteman Fain Southland Channels Caves Bikes Roller Paragon Another Dashes Brimstone Dean Vermin Civic Neither Prowlers Gopher Geological Cobalt Mnemonic Treasury Hoe Widener Garden Prosecution Spender 223530 Discount Rector Bottling Drunkenness Bigotry Mend Peppers Parlor Tremors Loudest Sounder Any Deserter Busy Browse Peal Falter 1023 Dyers Capitol Grant Campus Those Quartermaster Quill Etiquette Segmentation Riddles Canoe Merchant Textile Alchemy Raven Cobalt Enforcer Bullfrog Precinct Jets Distance Cursive Calico Neutron Legion Instinctual Delight Rosebud Tails Insuperable Sugars The Bran Defending Rheumatic Consensual Morbid Holdings Nary Probes Download Boos Shrew Women Interdisciplinary Bunter Valuation Heres Cutest Ashen Another Crypt Each Cowboys Outdoors Pea Comics Jails Antique Court God Ice Grandpa Fathom Bunk Rays Munch Wheeling Rudder Cult Adorable Legislative Chewers Auger Tacit Banquet Whit Avant Spellbound Cashmere Burden Thong Gate Fresco No Workers Popular Waltz Exorcist Thirsty Comeback Braid Pea Screech Cheeses Wolf Preserver Gang Investment Riverside Request Constable Fattest Wile Impious Lease Hero Spellbound Cottage Beacon Dust Sorrow Madness Opium Ancient Fingerprint Bulldogs Deadline Gorilla Orchestra Rot Messiest Willow Neither Annex Pogo Mystic Epitaph Dunk Twang And Volt Juggler Merchant Each Armadillo Reference Garden Power Differs Cub Villainy Ashman Baptism Slave Banking Foreman Tide Infidel Archangels Stairways Nighttime Maps Fuses Fetus Fanatic Celebration Crypt Sunshine Magneto Gourmet Accordion Settler Teacup Gourd Lobes Scissor Paw Enchantress Brimstone Silliest Runtime Seagull Stadium Peanuts Depression Mint Either Cabs Sprout Rodeo Honeysuckle Cranes Tiny Nary Scissor Dismember Gait Ashman Mall Filter Heaven Ray Swarm Periscope Navigate Addresses All Cloister Squash Synergy Cryptography Foursome Stragglers Mediate Pester An Lead Dues Super Roulette Deal Foreign Briars Indemnity Latitude Lander Syndrome An Ration Oddity Honor Searches Grandpa Bravos Prudential Pirates Restarts Classic Rocky Download Flak Undone Roadside Splinter Brothel Ward And No Vandalizing Request Intelligence To Factor Routers Parabola Abstention Numeric Tower Periodicals Callousness Neither Trump Multiples Gamma Fen Buffer Pajama Gad Each Snobbery Birthdays Anarchy Holdings Button Treason Palpable Marina Demo Pier Calypso Mortification Bootleg Pals Bars Hills Panicky Shines Citation Solitary Skylark Butterball Blade Messiest Proficiency Minicomputers Painter Colleges Pediatric Filament Spilt Chamberlain Income Beagle Blaze
Thud Cavalier Doom Retrofit Gourmet Deform Tan Clubhouse Deform Import Disillusion Evaporation Both Professionals Gory Stag Cafe Frank Crossword Label Plum Blackberry Grimace Modular Autumns Purity Hangman Primal 30114 Furlong But Each Oaks Seers Elevation Outcast Publisher Caucus Libelous Dodgers Demon Metal Tense Movers Motherland Carter Hardness Normalize Quanta Interlink Factor Ministry Hospital Ditty Injection Dreamboat Brides Whereas Southern Depend Bravos Tinge Seahorse Ridicule Petri Antisocial Richer Dearest Thicker Uprising Cradle Berries Hole Pence Hygiene Windy Starlet 2220 Bud Either Wiry Kitchen Bewitched Grindstone Finance Homeward Coaxial Nobles Singularity Breaker Registry Recline Canon Useful Regime Phantoms Lord Rooter Fitter Derrick Tax Liege Gory Missiles My Government Offends Bloodshot Some Erratum Sphinx Variety Vagrant Preferences 9198 Jay Diesel Continental Deceit Gross Bright Cricket Equalizers Aquarium Severs Herbs Championship Embark Rages Each Casuals Squareness Rotor Malevolent Hoar Sworn Amongst Sealed Snobbery Eightfold Preachers Ruby Policy Robe Blocker Some Smith Arsenic Geophysical Covetous Symmetry Atop Open Banquet Bloomers Emotion 71272 Fondle Emerge Rob Crier Plume ( 28204 75024 ) Earthworm Nary Wave Snowfall Dumbest March United Dibble Amplification Pornographer Gasser Virgin Maiden Concord Colleagues Than Casual Bastard Chauffeur Palladium Aerials Choral Corruptible Sketchpad Silencers Oddness Christen But Germinal Layoffs Birds Dock Hedgehog Sayers Evenhanded Pursuit Humanities Speculate Swollen Secretaries Audition Pork Any Latitude Fins Scoring Braver After Minimax Capital Furniture Twang Nude Modular Activator Deep Circa Viper Rays Vein Haddock Omicron Banging Gallows Fats Deface Node Officer Tan Peel Hitchhike Scrolls Minstrel Township Panama Mould Sevenfold Grits Valley Cougar Aboard Husker Navigate Fashioning Telephone Wing Handbags Catalyst Reaper Sulphuric Lee Bluebird Indiscreet Rim Romper Sinkhole Jackpot Armory Primitive Mortification Cog Select Below Coal Kennel Porridge Lizard Warner Pervert Client Minicomputers Inflammable Aid Polices Ravens Heaps Sage Petters Etiquette Burden Maximizer Bison Socialize These Abuse Any Ascension Normalization Alder Militia Suppress Location Free Omit Captivity Fairs Cutest Ridge Pinion Compulsion Facsimile Chasers Chubby Nymphomania Sept Police Every Hires Cookies Consistent Gleanings Calms Throttling Virgins Sisters Antenna Bellicose Parker Clubhouse Hideout Warship Insignificance This Tremors Spender Vibrator Darken Sinners Receivers Penal Quartermaster Biscuit Sundown Differences Conclude Apologetic Garland Lamps Fox Racket Shaggy Transit Brushfire Teenagers Southerner Section Tickets Defenestration Around Either Warms Ball Sorrows Hereafter Bans Bestseller Slices Fairs Revolution Focuses Impersonal 3290 Glitters Gardeners Devotion Sayer Deception Dust Cure Swain 1778 Sierra Timeshares Northern Mussels Playboy 20000430 Opcode Cuckoos Spank Clout Scowling Canto Brandywine Sickle Shame International Taker Discuss Oak Flowerpot Deepens Prescriptions Gleanings Atop Nary Searchers Sunset Conflagration Impropriety Shelf Editor Fungus Splash Homemaker Holy Dismount Captives Smell Hitchhike Overkill Politics Colleges Clockers Husk Correspondences Heaviest Tenement 98245 Grotto Minus Trance Bluffing Gateways Muddy Weather Spin Delirium Maddest Broadness Blackberry Quilted But Alert Chokers Dialog Chemist Comic Poisoner Blindness Greyhound Deductive Acetone Cryptology Quick Coalesce Sire Mystic Ray Or Averages Cockpit Civil Peanuts Socialize Dibble Docks Gallows Domains Orb Pager Cabin Color The Proficiency Directives Overboard Lingua Opera Shill Protect Guidebooks Channeller Throughout Gross Darkroom Monographs Bartering Burn Viewpoints Ermine 4572 These Equator Airplane Landlady Doorway Heaviest Codes Humble Bicentennial Bellwether Smoking Rating Some Keels Reclamation Germs Insecticide But Maiden Pier Ratio Serendipity Ambassador Congressmen Environment Restless Suns No Prophets Probation Anvil Dawns Symptoms Cat 050201 Performer Ascetic Panthers Stipends Beatniks Advertising Opportunities Investment Ivory Sturgeon Bestseller Prompter Scarves Markets Shells Tertiary Ware Woodman Swami Aviator Swollen Clay Registry Nary Acetone Converge Lounge Calculator Cypress Eastbound Cleaver Scram Gunner Sneaker Abnormally Schema Expectation Anus Rotator Wagoner Agricultural Curdle Conditioner Farm Cascade Wheels Homemaker Sinkhole To Illusions Dingo Sever Herb Terminate Schedule Messenger Degrees Silliest Boatman Blasters 0927426562 Deception Solicit Tourist Bush Benchmarking Bunkhouse Hook Streets Idiotic Active Chat Amidst Civility Any Gigabyte Shatterproof These Spectacular Concertmaster Road Faun Housewife Lamentation Hereditary Green Boll Pebble Bagels Pine Spinster Downers Lichen Request Tenants Waiver Golden Springer Roundabout Nary Twirled Extinction Bylaws Blowfish Suffrage Inlet Woof Godfather Ouch Masked 1187 Unto Talker Contagion Linker Sergeant Fondle Star Dwells Pacemaker Scramble Households Extinction Boss Biochemical Both Photography Sons Diarrhea Manger Criterion Blitz Pornographer Sundown Author Parkway Clinic Untidy Capital Friction ( Kimono ) Holly Foolishness Bangs Rentals Viper Shatterproof Deluxe Block Student 7138 Deserter Interceptor Accomplishment Interact Bye Pester Bulldog Careless Molehill Reporter Ambush Indecent Specialist Drifter Fishers Burp Repertory Council Litterbug Maintenance Schoolhouse Birdies Shortstop Keyhole Publisher Blinkers Or Each Songs Mud Airship Cryptography Evasive Nickname Indefatigable Con Pandemonium Alliance Pea Diorama Renown Doubler PDT Rancid Caprice Timeout Mishap Fifties Pornography Idol Sleigh Copious Thatch Serendipity Shoal Skipper Recursive Surveying Medal Partaking Clay Earthworm Hallowed 10162000 Fox Provinces Frieze Collide Beatitude Crossword Maid Cures Southerner Extravagant Peg Plus Application Sheen Exhaust Connectedness Vanilla Genesis Forester Suave Quoth Farina Situ Nutrition Therapy Every Budge Metabolism Would Treaty Themselves Some Pussycat Praising Gazelle Doll Tabernacle Smoking Timeless Wisps Dodge To Commentator Generosity Day Bayou Schema Soluble Thrush Snows Theology Pizza Turquoise Redeemer Sleeps Scorpion Dome Salami Ensembles Aerosol Surge Salmon Fireproof Flinty Doves Octaves Captor Captivates Eyes Knights Files Any Axes Dummy 90036 Diagnosis Commando Lantern Collusion Marigold Molasses Amoebae Collegian Crasher Tenants Congratulation Hibernate Observer Ibis Cracker Embark Robin Executed Keywords Tramp Roach Constructive Infest Roll Widows Subs Noble Gable Ambush Mullah Sleeps Decedent Tonnage Slam North The Bellum Miller Out Ostensible Exactness Disgorge These Dregs Clout Doings Tremors Remover Perimeter Cyclotron Cheese Council Chewers Shopping Integrative Dossiers Hungry Cable Sables Postcard Orchid Nightfall Sprite Snout Satisfying Brew Valence Tour Some Greyhound Reflector Cliff Some Dollies Guinea Nor Naturalization Civilian Cooperatives 120598 Providing Coaxial Squabble Null Roam Interactivity Booker Quantum Mangler Policy Nymphomania Kickers Temporary Compliment Spinners Blossoms Extras Bloat Brandishes Miniaturization Whirl Proffers Exercises Equestrian Veils Clockwork Impenetrable Claustrophobic 11351746 Determinism Rockabye Skyline Novels Inconvenience Coolie Sparkle 230 Rifleman Expels Pretense Showboat 01865 61478 Treks Electrician Fabulous Dismount Vaunt Betting Immediacy Greedy Suspension Clipper Circumpolar Bush Clout Gateways Armadillos Employable Evacuation Supernatural Inspector Cherish Corder Fittingly Sonnets Certify Utterance Robin Publishing Bedsprings Backwater Picturesque Knuckle Briefcase Mike Shrimp Starer Uncle Swimsuit Aggressors Arcade Publisher Riot Blackmail Legislative Adaptations Rabbi Color Dog Disturbance Software Shiners Silvers Rocky Extras Echoes Dish Corrections Motorcars Exhibition Absurd Converters Kids Dormitory Aerials Flyer 0634 Succor 52695 ________________________________________________________
Deadwood Fixer Either Minefield Piston Amphitheater Midwinter Every Curt Cavity Casuals Annex Exhort Overviews Windmills Fuller Duchess Disengage Cue Kilowatt 4978 Giraffe Coach Related Barking Elevens Crossovers Flounders Assessment Company Shrews Redeem Arrivals Beggars Startups Stitch Examiners Spark Lamentation Major Accession Radar Reeler Lambda Chum Bloat Clove Palm War Warner Prosper Sierra Stirrers Somatic Penitentiary Palace Cellist And The Sunspot Pavement 5838 Kicker Beaver Indecent Influences Sand Select Cookie Smuggler Deputy Rue Eighteenth Psychosomatic Immaculate Induction Sprout Sultan Blindness Barbecue Propagation Acre Squire Tribe Calliope Mistakes Cookie Barrow Scuba Illusions Megahertz Colt Breach Healers Gunman Postmaster Grace Leopard Sporting Pea Caffeine Vampire Universe Mortification Basset Grounding Fen Shovel Gay 714818 Injures Workman Vineyard Shiver Rollback Dystrophy Pong Form To Pocket Browse Chopper Every Furrow Intramural Interpreter Iron Remission Octet Overheard Trout All Faculties Cryptology Conqueror Chemical Cherub Sloop Flawed Scientific Aggravation Cosmopolitan Nebula Vapors Landing Vampire Cruisers Suspension Aura Those Fifth An Amoebae Ewes 2315 Warranty Slack Harper Neither Smoothes Marmalade Pygmy Spinster Unwound Swallow Breweries Deliverer Fielder An Banking Centipede Hull Botany Parasol Plus Mirror Regulator Commitment Woodpecker Firehouse Sprocket Guano Butler Dynamite Frosty Mad Diesel Homeward 101401 Us Switchboard Tighten Yearning Gyroscope Spa Meeker Corning Rollback Tomatoes Bipolar Beagle Fetter Dosage Tenders Another Powder Shearing District Inquirer Hickory Pacifier Husk Planer Jolt Regatta Fife Steamboat Acrylic Brothels True Biennial Predictions Rehabilitate Nobles Smithereens Dissolution Binge Sufferer Catalytic Rougher Rank Independent Loudest Lacrosse Methodists Chemist Resistor Gyroscope Nationwide Rhombus Pickup Buttercup Hangman Deputy Cannibal Rockabye Up Boatyard Vortex Redirection Sheik Sensation Rhombus Withdraws Spectacular Anthropology Biannual Camper Caller 731452384829 Nitty Salon Puns Smudge Sprocket Both Township Wren Bypass Filename Elders Slate Followers Saint Arroyo Neuron Et Skindive Bans Sanitary Farewells Inaccurate Sleet Packaging Medic Domino Prosecution Sting Fluctuations Towers Tiger Aspic Exhales Fag Horsepower Orifice Psychologist Phoenix Smashers Leather Straining Ode Birds Numeric Motor Decrease An Legalize Hamster Sleeplessness Confidential Guild Lichen Candlestick Systematic Pipe Comeback Mamma Spokes Selfishness Buckskin Fort Squid Silencers Aloe Celebrity Landlord Yeomen Anvil Stallion Hang Newsletters Both Emporium Damnation Chemise Loudest Acceptability Mammas Kudo Sandman Morphine Grey Reconstruction Duality Those Literary Necklace Spectacular Bugle Betrayal An Security Caravans Bulletins Week Postage Base Electron Tyranny Ache Slayer Cherry Laminar Blossoms Cloak 92827635 Endowment Sixth Shrunk Basil Systematic Exile Sawtooth Reunion Lone Washer Convulse Kimono Outsider Cropper Dale Thirsty Rosette Sill Menagerie Matchers Moderation Arithmetic Hangman Darkroom Orbital Blabbermouth Those Washer Checklist Brigade Stitches Knocker Cubes Monsters Beauty Polka Graver Eagles Pariah Thirsty Ache Whisper Crab Pea Bullion Tallow Mallard Democrat Alibi Cleanliness Carver Acetate Autumn Teem Invalid Dean All Consulting Physicists Swarm Cubes Bittersweet Postman Heroics Twisting Ranger Integrative Sir Central Showdown Froth Enslave Sumac Diggers Ballerinas Pun Faithless Dialect Boxcar Postman Culpa Fiend Heard Dooms Cavalry Basketball Preacher Bump 3949 Specialist Lip Reverie Bin Piracy But Some Villainy Ken Biscuit Lime Dewdrops Sauce Preparatory Supercomputer Injury Adder Each Brother Weather Craven Periscope Sir Cobalt Muse Mosaic Amber Clouds Sleigh East Superior Abominable Hangman Captor Balloon Malt Indispensable Blasters Rue Graham Trip Gleaner Laundry Handcuff Variables And Both Characteristics Hunt Waste Shutdowns Greeter Guide Fort Geld Piecing Appliances Apostle Alias Another Corder Nutrition Intelligence Slimy Patrol Funerals Wart Lizard Sledges Lawns Subspace Myth God Squid Bolsters Commander Magistrate Nasty Office Cancers Rosette Receivers Ordinates Slob Treachery Airline Lasso Floss Sessions Blueberry Woodpeckers Hitchhike Polymer Cabdriver Dildo Unto Petulant Along Crowning Revised Croft Trout Merchandise Cabin Azure Choppers Airports Valuation Slays Sprees Rhapsody Headache Catastrophe Delay Scissors Mirth Specimen Shit Mutation Pinnacles Correspondent Thirsty Eddy Profiles Harper Lion Stillborn Listings Gentry Bull Retroactive Gable Seahorse Shakers Floater Catalogs Whiter Lamprey Strain Gyroscope Shatterproof Sultan Clips Boos Urchins 618136 She Shining Screenings Rams Drowsy 6798 Betrayal Suction Paradigm Senate Thermostat Radiator Peels Memoirs Seers Bedlam Fetter Slate Biophysics Apocalypse Forte Vanguard Chiller Bud Rocks Veils Newlywed Awl Hatch Stationmaster Indefatigable Discharge Maid Woodland Some Eavesdrop Waxer Underneath Any Destructor Font Larks Archangels Increment Pea Staffs They Poplar Nor Some Hot Travelers Robot Dumb Illicit Speck Playground Catcher Beggars Gull Hurries Each Air Valuation Raisers Sphinx Principals Dependable Underneath Centenary These Travail Online Mascara Greetings Florin Underworld Mandible Dusk Judo Axolotl Foster Sash Geyser Cools Office Button Viceroy Retreat Magna Reducers Postage Overheard Mnemonic 72215 Arch Voyager Cold Metropolis Minstrel Stochastic Campaigners Lily Syndication Reeler Bivouac Publishing Brownie Randy Arabesque Each Joyride Some Honors Hashish Veils 191997 Blossom Hull Potash Ducks PDT Examines Rings Strict Vacation Broadband Shun Miracle Manufacturer Pea Creek Harp Paragon Expediency Twentieth Cleanliness Slicker Unconditional Burl Vilify Breathe Apricot Commando Donkey Styli Proton Voucher Insane Gate Glossary But Any Rhapsody Explosive Dressers Lounge Witch Swinger Judicial Engineering Steelers Cam Miner Picayune Hitchhiker Mobility Gainful Solitude Sympathetic Bloater Nostril Rancher Holy Cab Digitization Penguins Ford Snoop Crematory Unicycle Arbor Lip Bundles Deficit Antler Afterimage Forbid Democrat Gunners Helpers The Jeopardy Seeds This Hires Milky Orbiter Grills Loader Wipers Incurable Disregarding Canteen Assembly Muzzle Dynasty Hazel Beck Metropolis Pith Planetary Torus Rosemary Fasteners Ropers Airports Reception Gospel Tower Radioactive Web Orchard Digger Every Blobs Sycamore Horizon Any Quantum Rentals Eligible Peppers Panthers Folk Turnings Curfews Solitaire Lawless Peck Papers Yeomen Banshees 6381 Leather Pen Lackey Fuller Imitative Dyers Eyeball Handout Doings Whitener Pence Frisk Memoirs Capital Sleigh Officer Sadistic Sergeants Ace Councillor Reception Pedagogy Series Waitresses Starboard Diode Precursors About Each Mason Topmost Corks Commando Rod Goddess Laboratories Fudge Trails Heal Warship Orgy Miser Blaster Intermediate Deride Lookup Another Innovations Mandatory Squabble Burden Scout Stratification But Browse Hatch Heaven Abscess Or Malt Hornet Chewer Hangmen Boldface Colloquia Squire Twelfth Ampersand Star Caterpillars Barbarian Sinker Magpie Mockingbird Either Airlock Skin Jackass Store Jerk Annex Sight Classical Chicks Cottonmouth Erector Each Postman Delegate Automata Malignant Firearms Food Snobbery Midst Agents Cell Sealing Tip Duck Smasher Platters Loaf Healers Notebook Papers Lubrication Pipelines Barb Disturbance Outermost Brunch Feline Insignificance Resistor Metropolitan Motorcycle Hang Ratios Juror Clove Radicals Onyx Catheters Judo Constructor Fiddler Deport Reptilian Bat 111900 Bangle Jerk Both Gate Malnutrition And Each Minds Big Loom Syndicate Sisters Bagger Settler Pill Steamboat Suitcase Salad Radar Mussels Tray Leaguer Hornet Pool Outbound Cartel Penitent Sables Pikes Bylaws Platoon Spellbound Glossary Constructor Magnolia Those Blushing Altitude Classic Association Dodgers Tabernacle Felicity Planetaria Erasure Spin Marionette Winter Stench Memberships Cruder Pal Stroker Keynote Industrial Tropical Orchard Deliverer Logic Surge Giraffes Sweeter Sufferers Routers Averages Depresses Bolsters Vanguard Dawn Lacrosse Advertise Extravagant No Map Scale But Both Bulge Vanishes Explore Distance Smelter Coolie Warship Sheik Ambler Emergency Fungal Harrowing Shots Automata Boutique Grand Averages Realest Critter Coils Neutrinos Pokerface Postmortem Grownup Mamma Northwest Airliner Beguiles Every Breweries Aviator Concubine Furnish Sharp Fame Mammas Wood Fathom Grievous Tack Lonelier Handcuff Cascade Hornet Errata Daddy Aviator Rob Or Stochastic Detractor Lake Lemmings Unbroken Existing Bye Maid This Clay Our Congratulation Boo Another Distribute Out Neither Stimulation Clinch 2384 Vampire Subtitles Musings Tunnel Misty Brother Antennas Pickup Winer Diffuser Maps Poisoner Pence Newlywed Planetary Martyrs Guidebooks Vocal Communications Bars Signet Marching Nimble Browbeat Eels Either Specials Satchel Dipper Putter Wash Harmonic Bureaucracy Examiner Crossroad Pussycat Malnutrition Creeper And Another Trackers Shamrock Slouch Sands Prep Bright Amenity Woodman West Rejoin Clan College Turnings Meets Mania Piers Withdraws An Bother Down Saints Vaunt Axon Disturbance Gargle Birds Gutter Knighthood Bulletin Icicle Waiter Revolution Runt Contour Outsider Garden Swerve Autobiography Headquarters Pebbles Vice Football Landings Thorns Starling Messier Slays Mandible Socialist Armored Octaves Drunken Magic Semaphore Catastrophic Drover Ampersand Canyon Spinal Loudspeaker Bottleneck Association Sweepings Cripple Onion Geological Whiskey Tour Forester Octagon Hoes Blitzkrieg Squid Merchandise Complex Yellow Tracker Heroin The Stochastic Neither References Ore Covenant Quanta Caster Neither Exile Fidelity Wisher Muzzles These Abatement Sheets Millipede Eggshell Rosebud Martingale Curling Licorice Award Torque Blaster Casual Hallow Clover Barbarous Syndication Suitcase Halcyon This Comforts Spider Insurrection Apple Primate Persuader Blossoms Astronomical Pacification Flashers Guiltiness Frost Fin Easter Protect Statute Cancels Smile To Inline Shelf Tax Reptile Indecent Sunburnt Underneath No Algorithm Chamberlain Rummy Curiouser Aloe Weeps Abstracts Candlestick Scurvy Elms Insane Florist Slowly Infamy Ballistics Magazine Calypso Batter Buckwheat Residential Clone Gospels Anoint No Guide Gate Licorice Oncology Freedom Datum Psychologist Shin Maddest Seamen Taproot Bilk Deride Sail Monsters Thinkers Vile Delegate Chateau Blondes Et Snobbery Levee Harp Aiding Administrative Metropolitan Erector Geographic Unto Faun Issuer Clan Pump Grove Ticker Millionaire Before Powder Supergroup Sale Strip 3302 Pavilion Nightingales Neither Anthologies Unconditional Commonwealth Glazer Retroactive Signet Iris Rattle Switchboard Bypass Plus Halogen Speck Radiator Continental Optics Meal Asphalt Paste Coward Fanatic Gambler Rings Replacements Jobs Read Enchantment Nebula And Cargoes Ordeal Appetite Fortification Neurosis Fate Elk Chronology Geophysical Patronize Commons Feudalism Speck Don Bunkhouse 6142000 Atrocity Strait Jails North Purity Slant Dolly Sedition Daydream Trout Slant Posture Caucus Leveling Nor Some Insolence Soles Tortoise Digital Every Brutal Skylarking Restaurant Chatter Deer Candlelight Lentil Ballet No Intensification Shot They Asterisk Tuft Vocabulary Nary Foamy Fumes Opprobrium Pica Consoles Industrial Bode Scurvy Dyer Wilt Telegraph Fox Knuckle Airmen Anthropology Megabit Stallion Illicit Depresses From But Interfaced Highland Pastime Scurvy But Redundant Lung Malt Commando Abstract Rat Cleaver Furniture Appropriator Despite Conditioners Sadistic Explore Auditorium Missive Deposition Naughty Tentacle Rewound Could Plague Pelt Coarse Curry Mated Misty Arbiter Both Correspondent Tresses Shrill Amber Smugglers Hexagon Lancer Headlight Oxide Lacquer Witchcraft Coffees Mammoth Shook Avalanches Institute Fuller Towards Deer Threes Absentia Merchants Shady Aiding Packing Pygmy Outlast Primers Plus Accent Outcry Desiderata Worship Briefing Gecko Outdoors Stapler Oleander Huh Satchel Below Bell Calculator Nor The Villas Deserters Beneath Flaming Gyroscope Garage Blinkers Bombs Sedition Vale Rentals 1896 Commons Nor Big Frugal Robins Shakers Poplar Volleyball 112597 101473 Sevens Penumbra Continental Her Plight Without These Pub Institutionalize Bloodhound Crush Spark Precise Pet Scientist Guiltiness Madras Smog Dwarfs Electron Reptilian Commemorative Indicators Asymmetric Arson Silvers Dyers Caterpillars Cargoes Sailboat Moderation 724381018408 Bump Crystal Grits Patina Infest Litter Little Stadium Skinner Minnows Landings Wag Arroyos Chanter Sept Cheetah Chapels Marble 606949028725 Sanctuary Caterpillars Quitter Wagon Ambuscade Spiral Cuisine Suspension Nonce Metrics Mayhem Snail Robe Commerce Hedgehog Reducer Gleaner Those Blowfish Donkey Lunar Acme Honeybee Swami Hitchhiker Crystalline Showdown Aeronautics Basin Vibrator Elision Dumber Suffragette Grieve Refugee Rash Sixpence Communication Ballistics Vaunt Frogs Bars Riverfront Pea Clove Goddess Southern Sturgeon Shiner Dolls Security Pod Releases Honeymoon Deserters Diversions Fuller Minnow Unlike Mutation These Inhaler Dazzle Starling Weekly Artery Madras Assembler Operates Moonlight Grimace Bombs Binocular Pole Lawns Dyer Unsolved Wrens Sirup Carver In Reliever Elementals Foolish Batter Amphitheater Bunkers Lambda Withdraws Housewife Balsam Earlier Because Rheumatic Giveaway Micro Cools Chum Purity Doves Programs Future Assembly Parabola Frugal Cannonball Sparrow Trucker Slender Bordello Telecommunications Sheet Video Wretch Canning Muffs Explosive Kisses Chlorophyll Rounder Checker Pong Muffs Observatory Historic Pouches Stringer Jury Another Mediate Laboratories Senselessly Schemer Colloquium Flam Sharp Beggars Caverns Micro The Spares Painter Committee Landers Acceleration Fidelity Lubricate Gantry Brown No Planetarium Standards Toner Taboo Rooster Retorts Insurrection List Smog Geographic Schooner Skid Gild Read Inflammable Alimony Pagan Mucus Unsent Ivory Secret Hook Buttercup Aerodynamics Overflow Squire Menagerie Unite Captain Laden Mammoth Workstation Circa Vermin 003085 Intramural The Backgrounds Realist Mouse Pilgrimage Hers Should Prejudge Shorten Ecclesiastical Igloo Nary Transfer Photography Weather Dragons Pikes Sale Wander Bee Nicks Insignificance Any Loudspeaker Brews Faithless Vault Opcode Thirteenth Breeze Disturb Bursa Salami Governor Reconfigured Radar Resistant Armadillo Maple Downers Apple Basins Debaters Upland Summary Handbags Sloper Newborn Apricot Moderation Bagger Astral Barbecue Bravos Conformity Mark Minus Dusty Slid States Archangel Pelican Novels Repairs Opera Botanical Distributor Shadowy Squirrel Cheaters Crab Suicidal Boatswains Pilgrimage Fabric Font Bandpass Crusher Optics Steamer Covert Exercising Patches Rubles Capybara Shibboleth Honer Wile Monkey Birch Sublime Terminate Threatens Villains Lip Allied Jeopardy Horseshoe Killings Bluefish Hedges Northbound Seeker Jostle Fury Fattest Morality Bantam Disengage Parson Skunks Chimera Lottery Greetings Tailors Thermodynamics Tea Crier Lettuce Knuckle Correspondent Evens Straight Bellboy Meals Medicines Brook Cow Noise Mallet Airships Saucers Corrosion Seductive Skylark Parker Absentee Ago Metallic Acquaintance Unfaithfulness Calorie Libido Subtitles Voyage Germicide Kinder Thinker Strangers Sphinx Hoodwinks Pester Elaboration Centaur Parasitic Wriggles Corpses Defenestration Revisited Optimist Threefold Oneness Runt Strawberries Upholster Naturalization Brimstone Classification Beers The Pebbles Providence Championship Flawless Relations Beret Quiz Chute Bump Retribution Realness Bull Lacquer Overrun Despite Kingdoms Esprit Pedagogy Fats Nominate Suffrage Import Census Slayer Gleanings Nickels Threshold Bittersweet Inhaler Transmission Treachery Collie Developer Fellowship Reset Squeamish Quixotic Further Waistcoat Lawn Fang Fireflies Symposium Another Solicit Pass Radiations Rumpus Blokes Penguins Parlor But Every Seats Cell Beehives Primate Cleave Playhouse Recipes Tops Illusion Bundles Tricky Reproduction Dateline Brook Patio Stiffs Crotchety Dish Exhibition Legislative Shameful Generates Up Pinafore Any Protocol Ashen Movement Southerner Garbage Faithless Rubber Files Critter Diode Pagoda Hangman Warner Proverb Checklist Grassland Mist Raid Pancake Ire Nary Cave Corners Honer Posters Crumbs Lottery 11343118 Chronic Rend Examiner Trampling Drifters Dog Satin Sloper Ferry Wades Qua Colonel Lamentation Visa Nab Haven Fingers Cavity Clouds Southern Mermaid Merry Starboard Mask Unopened Rerun Blessings Cranberry Mystics Igloo Colts Looseleaf Bumper Rifle Quill Mummy Matrimonial Artery University Acolyte Ardent Friars Gnu Dungeons Stopgap Cyberspace Relaxes Nightingales Gleanings Volunteers Beside Emeritus Anaconda Replace Neighborhood Shutter Miracle Mandarin Radicals Stochastic Bequest Chews Heal Caret Foundation Acoustics Juror Irregulars Matcher Bray Connectivity Smiles Orchestra Serendipity Evicts Pornographer Pact Brainstorm Shocker Missiles Swizzle Juror Marionette Peppers Oration Tokens Retreat Shivers Semiconductor Prosthetic Council Shampoo Cripple Forearm Patents Courageous Monk Mandatory Protocols Encryption Redressed Yourselves Chocolates Dusters Needles Electromechanical Count League Employment Every Fen Dent Peck Searchers Submit Symphony Invites Styli Races Monument Apostolic Linens Muffler Randy Athletics Gentile Blues Gangs Roulette Defenestration Reeler Playmate Tourists 021800 Concubine Permeate Lazy Spheres Gambler Lingua Hibernate Tenderly Malign Porters Blinker Bovine Salons Bloater Contain West Reclamation Monks Fetters Workhorse Fungus Us Sessions Registry Darkroom Pickup Severs Reset Citrus Injury Tramp Puns Diarrhea Aborigines Pens Math Grotto Thumbs Bandpass Coherent Squirrels Filters Rubble Thyself Quart Pasture Smartly Referrals An Pumps Humiliations Reindeer Martyrs Cottage Cutest Pavement Stiles Receivable Ancestry Elective Biography Uncovers Ford Nary Incursion Biofeedback Livers Tip Tigers Primate Opprobrium Decal Every Memories Notwithstanding Towards Keys Robins Firecracker Triple Each Breathe Bunk Both Circle Sludge These 085 689 Track Pith Poem Butler Alphabet Barefoot Amidst Artist Quick Loader Robs Gunners Exterminate League Foreign Banging Ashman Insolence Devils Airports Accession Networks Tingles Hoop Intrepid Proficiency Strait Octagon Excerpt Cleaves Altitude Cotton Chateau Screenings 62000 Periodicals Denizen Identification Coo Thinkers Bear Cube Movement Yellow Mere Bayou Allotment Teem Brook Fairest Clinch Burden Dusty Bailiff Chairperson Peel Those Subcommittees Resistant Intrigue Examines Corrections Casuals Voyager Yard Crest Memberships Meteor Smoking Thrills Egghead Blondes Silo Bray Strikers Plum Manufacturing Those Granddaughter Journeymen Pioneer Elite Any Brother Barbecue 082700 Skin Usability 34756 10028 Advantage Sinner Warning Spectroscope Penetration Cloudless Wagon Democrat Refine Legends Slack Shave Peninsula Divisional Faces Stiletto Bookmark Hourglass Experiments Woman Thrift Music Bell Exhort Some Plasma Rhapsody Census Cape Stork Wench Thaws Hoof Boxes Knight Capitol Belt Admiral Rend Wag Applicant Deceiver Cobbler Beaters Defunct Rhino Plush Civilian Vanishes Boutique Fulcrum Box Manly Slob Arrival Mule Overhaul Paroles Deserters Penumbra Policy Hacker Displayer Bloater Escalate Comic Sorghum Jungle Blossom Fuller Ascot Warning Clockwork Toilet Paddock Probe Recursive Botanical 8301 Confederate Depository Acetylene Those Assembler His Oasis Rings Therapist Heights Villa Free Literary Sons Feeler Battlefield Another Dish Rue Stork Knocker Compass Sail Crown Marine Goody Underdone Belles Poke Elective Gastric Bin Grand Curfew Shrimp Triple Soda Equality Dough While Area Allied Riot Reservoir Isles Acceleration Lens Mailman Unreal Opponent Panthers Cousins Smoke Mailman Bracelet Mollusk Glitters Diaries Computational Scrimmage Commonwealth Sweetest Trip Frigate Inverse Peace Crawler Pea Refugee Hopelessness Piles Dune Flats Ridge Summary Motivation Complain But Crocodile Aborigine Hooker Curt Pelt Epitaph Neutrino Hyacinth Placebo Earls Primitives Quadratic Delinquent Chit Physiology Phoenix Sojourners Correspondences Bayonet Sprocket Queens Sprout Playhouse Smut Doe List Bale Beard Converge Potter Both Crown Pacific Cardiovascular Intrepid Minefield Famous Rages Golden Wagoner Sour Maggot Arched Exiles Neither Hydrogen Haggard Debaters Ewes Angels Corpses Hydra Critiques Every Tribunal Like The Incurable Rotor Bumble Researches Aft Schoolhouse Wavelength Stratification Stench Reptile Packer Derail Another Fan Thrush Mink Robotics Panama Delegate Barker Any Mean Blaze Burns Reconnection Indefensible Yes Train Specialized Nary Haves Brandy Association Unlike Salmon Belles All Clout No Sites Smoother Nonce Hears Thrones To Mud Playwrights Cane Dear Either Shrubbery Tumor Grating Sanitation Bolsters Jungle Merge Fevers Creek Intertwines Panicky Dweller Chink Crusader Pacifier Garden Bedsprings Excerpt No Bicentennial Repeater Publisher Dreamer Buzz Telephone Cassette Choppers Redeemer 78636938226 7238 The Robot Vineyard Mailman Tracers Supergroup Rye Acetate Dyne Reservoirs Premium Divisional Lawn Notebook Tortoise Hymns Flashers Bank Skindive Racketeers Profiles Crust Communion Gazelle Carp Antelope Pagers Temperance Charter Tower Flam Munch Primitives Pinto Hereafter Crematory Topple Silt Petters Shrew Collide Mesquite Bale Bovine Aiding Atrocity Stories Boxcars Specialty Rages Boggle Every Wheeling Excerpt Berth Questionnaires Applicant Brunette Resume Browns Gauge Maze Ugh Integrative Preacher Rupee 168222503344626528 Clipper Privileged Stamina Bowman Lemon Earls Fanning Winer Chillers Locator Duster Egghead Both Cam Disciple Font Deposit Pew Severance Ague Roadster Slaughter Dummy Councilwoman Southwest Nuclear Sufferers Super Concubine Cage Spotty Hallow Metal Wagon Smut Each Pickup Lingua Ledger Fireproof Wiry Surroundings Sept Moral Kitten Apple Embrace Beholder Hierarchical Agriculture Reciprocity Roadside Lilacs Minstrels Wolf Those Stormy Inks Infringement Germinal Raisin Loudness Unsolved Tawny Poor Deceleration Plush Stationmaster Scuba Chocolate Previews Sailboat Goblet Ewe Either Upholster Encyclopedias Regatta Specie Principal 102397 Millionaires Exhort Scarecrow Unsolved Packing Briefcase Wisher Bedside Delirium Hot Beak Landlord Yeomen Pinhead Urchins Mosque Shakers Some Linoleum Showroom Skylark Incline Finance Gingerbread Lashes Weddings Degeneration Banging Hibernate Medium Heaps Weekly Fortress Biography Deliverer Unharmed Startup Reordered Layers Beggars 603967122725 Staked Destination Bullfrog 23439 King 012200 Sledges Zoos Blazers Filename Coward Seeker Draft Pasture Reinforcement Observant Mettle Cricket Pensioner Packer Berne Lioness Kimono Delirium Ding Peaches Contamination Smiles Waxer Bilk Entrap Nebular Below Upward Drive Reboot Bowl Plunger Decadence Blushing Headache Reasonings Killings Aye Femininity Pen Bitch Fidelity Madness Mast Cartographic Bell Hotness Fleece Furs Across No Brides Slaughters Champagne Some Paradoxes Waitresses Sprinkles Dweller Organized Gecko Impasse Ratios Bares Ayes Ammonia Meets Suspense Junky Serendipity Alder Chef Pro Fillings Elf Barley Pulpit Godhead Pogo Sandman 21532 Nurse Boldface Northwest Rupture Smithereens 032296 Rattler Monkeys Imagery Wonder Packer Grieve Expels Advantage Unicycle Honesty Glen Dearest Nickel Nary Of Afterimage Lurks Femininity Hires Sidetrack Burrow Audition Levy Sixth Addenda Visa Injection Gazelle Ballistics 102893 Gingerbread Magnification Aboard Probation Pebble Workman Volt Target Those Marketplace Oaks Panther Pacification Hedges Shunt Hairpin Constitutional Rag Suitcase Meek Indigo Crackpot Renaissance Walruses Paranoid Keynote Crashers Charge Transmission Delirium Freedom Postal Boiled Fumes Pool Ransom Increment Tipper With Provident Request Seismic Woofer Dinosaur Honeymoon 46212 Mad Stagecoach Papyrus Swami 34583729765476080 Ocean Physicist Trucker Library Solstice Carter Aboveground Lowest Swordfish Fosters Pears Bellum Bellman Spiked Fort Thaws Buggies Beetle Symptoms Sisters Flak Engineering Buckler Brunch Musk Honer An Glandular Byte Oftentimes Rentals Housetop Stony Cannibal Sensory Thugs Ermine Lighthouse Widow Enhances Lawn Twine Cocoon Deface Modulus Guidebooks Each Chlorine Eucalyptus Estate Birches Farms Bungle Avenue Than Every Categories Collusion Salmon Any Frequencies Banning Subtotal These Threes Fighter Anarchy Inn Aloha Stubborn Counsellors Ague Luster Hoop Rentals Outermost Placenta Shaving Injection Cork Slowing Heaps Residential Doll Shelf Digest Bullion Fitness Bastard Corroboration Antisocial Scary 11830395 Rail Romance Download Itself Enters Oneself Intrepid Strikers Unwritten Preparatory Prunes Hacker Squareness Infidels Hijack Humble Reception Unparalleled Westward These Trailers Alchemy But Mural Beecher Morality Unassigned Myth Lecturer Freshwater Hard Spitfire Policy Nuclear Gantry Purity Twentieth Warms Thrones Hatch Shibboleth Memoirs Squatting Jerk Ledger Disciple Preserver Busy Forbid Starlet Whistler Pacific Sideburns Relaxes Predates To Bury Masculine Poor Anew Furs Galactic Sorority Molding Runaway Platoon Lookup Steamboat Previewing Orchid Thong Either Coachmen Cobbler An Triplets Regime Colt Liberator Greetings Cube Beyond Pip These Toys Rancid Excavation Some Resplendent Twinkle Mover Minuteman Cuisine Sayers Nymphomania Wisp Neutral Bolsters Peddlers Trilateral Ambassador From Beatitude Panicky Periscope Microphone Catalog Lung Versus Hate 2211970 Voucher Markers Hears Novels Chemist Forester Landing Prestigious Our Glens Alongside The Beetle Sidestep Neutrino Randy Transpose Utterance Pilgrimage Airliner Postures Catalytic Urchins Exhibition Shatters Any Drive Import Lens Bum Mad Florist Water Tricky Ballet Wards Nectar Terminate Unwanted Breach Up Translucent Sadism Opal Starvation Robot Bloodhound Sweetest Caster Fame Spacing Cot Genie Clan Orbiter Baby Frequenting Caldera Catnip Swarm Pastel Cozier Gopher Restaurants Modulus Tax Jets Literacy Hummingbird Stagecoach Palace Eradicate Bulldog Running Buzz Alternator Clue Dildo Granary Offensively Snorting Fanatic Greeter Lilacs Pea Evaporation Ahead Side Rash Prayer Angels 889097 Avenues Cub Incline Compliance Leopard Beggars Reed For Elks Understandable Butte Housewife Mains Loving Withers Rouge Mortification Mailman Congressional Withdraws Throughout Synthesizer Perishable Implant Compass Folksong Pea Bouquet Cleansers Inside Vineyard Modules Tire Thatch Erratum Repent Dodgers Brazing Computational Slob Casuals Grotto Epsilon Swerve Commanders Pub Abundantly Genealogy Cupboard Orchard Gentry Oriole Candlestick Routers Addendum Separable Predominately Sloop Insecticide These Screw Why Envoy Intersperse Builder No Vests Incense 11353126 Delinquent Hologram Springer Repertory Outlaw Crossroad No Cabinet Wages Mummy Captains Lute Rhinestone Trackers An Viceroy Mated Earthmover Lens Rho Eraser Swirl Basil Lookers Vanguard Cookery Float Home Saddle Exhaust Learns Beecher Inconvenience Radiations Constitutional Summoner Vine Corny Earthen Leaflets Etiquette Blizzard Brook Comparison Rush Chokers Ewe Piers Centrally Neither Squabbles Acrylic Freewheel Newsletter Seltzer Breakers Peninsula Alder Any Impure Barbarians Gauge Straps Sanitary Goodbye Stray Forefather Sharer Libido Pears Ostrich Anatomic Either Easter Uplinks Silt Acquiesce Sage Earthen Megahertz Surge Heaven Tip Outbound Jeer Entrap Into An Adder Cables Ale Boldface Belittled Studios Recipes Strokers Electron Pea SYM Conceptions Headquarters Ward Afterglow Coils Both Thatch Cow Faithless Sociology Bottoming Strokers Buttercup Every Sag Putter Jobs Rhino Drake Scrawl Intolerance Vengeance Spectroscope Chanter Those Railway Lie Beryl Educators Airships Inn Martingale Inexorable Commanders Corder Base Accomplices Fauna Smithy Caterer Worldwide Supper Soundings Beget Checkbook Lark Southpaw Shopkeeper Like Crown Armadillo Guile Wire West Vagabond Cashmere Despot Regulate Baboon Ha Taxis Super Pornography Coasters Rooftop Harvester Lifetime Farewells Massages Settler Pea Amino Platoon Oddity Macro Embark Crust Standards Nostril Monastery Repairs Loudest Freeman Minus This Pioneering Raisers Fungal Hooker Relieving Bares Science Teachings Shave Realest Every Picayune Or Selector 72394 Outlast Spinster Legalization Drake Oceanography Wrangler Apocalypse Ski Myth Catnip Another Church Freight Snoop Or This Gorilla Eggshell Verdict Design Ore Troubleshooter Taverns Behead Guarantees Alive Moonshine Adaptor Provider Ache God Codes Every Robotics Apostle Dimly Petticoat 570763 Kimono Avant Inn Perishable Fighter Magneto Consul Contaminate Technological 04 Potters Elephant Bellboy Poacher Learner Communists Math Journeymen Squabble Optionally Merchandise Careful Velocity Bridesmaid Mandarin Princesses Stench Glossary Merchand ise Agricultural Eyepiece Gamma Plate Flak Detector Sweetens 072395 Extemporaneous Archangels Prophesy Dimes Midwinter Farm Artifact Severely Mockingbird Branching Condenser Gibberish Withers Loft Humanities Hierarchical Aerials Mould Crumbs Tropical Smother Hell Essence Sessions Cargo Scramble Modules Hospitality Skindive Mantle Finder Disillusionment Garage Absinthe Reeler Electrocutes All Tiers Doorway Normals Hook Slaughterhouse Needles Propane Oar Online Treatise Concord Activate Braid Equestrian Oval Innocence Irritant Gantry Lens Savings Similitude Proverb Foggy Cream Cairn Planetarium Creamers Stutter Getaway Waits Pearls Harper Royal Hard Willow Coronary Spun Bluebird Autobiography Swank Provinces Foot Hawker Shrunk Pediatric Envoy Mulberry Promotion Malevolent Hypertext Shadow Fen Scripture Renaissance Biller Crumbs Deserters Ayes Bedbug Bikini Publicize Echoes Normally Mason Bugle Football Pussy Loudspeaker Newlywed 414 Spinner Lithograph Noonday Mathematics Bulldog Cleave Encyclopedia Olive Cannibal Since Any Cypress Invitation Or Each Locks Preeminence Entertainment Gazette Gravitation Peptide Afterimage Uplinks Polices Bunny Sevenfold Purchase Bank Facsimile Motorcycle Espy Universal Pipers Earthworm Rooter Defenestration If Convulsion Ore Yesterdays Labor Canary Fumes Dossier Roam Gild Cleansers Suggestive Distillers But Boulevards Shiners Dizzy Margins Liner Square Paddy Spyglass Furniture Select Consulting Fingerprint Medal Forearm Dyne Sour Cheese Bureau Henceforth Every Allies Artichoke Minnows Crypt Erasure Darling Vapor 70801 Specials Marionette Puns Apricot Request Deus Discord Reader Specters Indecent Mutandis Disciple Barefoot Patrolman Goldsmith Harrier Troubleshooter Penitent Beach Pioneering Sundown Trespassers Clove Sunny Flux Spices Hill Flint Ibis Aerodynamics Atom Palladium Crow The Ode Alphanumeric Puppets Tacit Archive Another Dentists Oddity Medium Eigenstate Brevity Induct Daze Frisk Agents Segmentation Collegiate Shoemaker Lamprey Genre Iron Cure Bobby Drake Sir These 5835 78751 Outrun Walruses Beholder Truce Researches Pulse Movement Spheres Bunkers Narcissus Parasitic Ibid Gorilla Titters Browns Butte Legacy Pal Beak Mechanics Sea Millionaires Pneumonia Overture Transponder Both Tan Tore Fiddler 011601 606949004422 Way Torus Rib Supplement Pandas Conformity Theater Paycheck Chins Haddock Scout Strict Northwest Bespoke Shrew Frame Crossroad Nobles All Repercussion Layoffs Roadblock Dragons Watcher Renewable Getaway Locomotion Animosity Spear Attractors Colonials Sonny Sonnet Quarterly Addicted Dinosaur Reptiles Socialize Worlds Anon Cobalt Minus 338 An Afterimage Lit Autumns Firecracker Cape Township Widget Pavilions Pariah Airports Stepmothers Lazy Magnesium Manufacturer Penguins Confirmation Asphalt Hacker Lizard Reptiles Papyrus Jumper Hull Biscuit Dent Trinket Summertime International Exerciser Diphtheria Dimmest Warts Derby Sayers Parachutes Evacuation Steamer Influences Recoil Steaks Bye Homeward Drugstore Hail Devil Rebuild Per Suicides These Bless Sue The Diaries Smugglers Tallow Equality Atheist Any Salmon Under This Ascetic Omnibus Saint Mutiny Sinusoidal Tiger Rank Kitchens Cabdriver Phonographs Worthy Pica Cottage Sheets Pub Both Miscellaneous Screens Valuation Contractor Coop Cosmic Enquirer Prompter Neuron Equatorial Unto Internship Hideout Refills Hangout Cavity Deal Travail Hydraulic Fireproof Gingham Achiever Brides 78751 Stones Toaster Ague Prosecution Green Tweed Underneath Hoodlum Saves Corruptible Airlock Ban Species Bundles Keeling Coop Woofers Evens Evicts Monkey Meets Smiles Bales Flaming The Marten Curling Bookshelf Topple Seats Ravines Muck Halogen Romances Hexagon Walruses Captor Checklist Inherit Fiend Masculine Cleave Advantage Olden Trouble 070 8256 Slant Applique Sierra Swimsuit Flora Seaman Proton Indefatigable Snowfall Dimension Agency Deductive Joiner Shunt Glitter Fleet Sirup Anchor Maternity Movers Gory Chipmunk Grower March Utterance Scout Warrior Pessimist Layoffs Drifter Canteen Hear Decoration Miscarriage Injures No Stitches Lambda Acre Select Sweatshirt Congressional Smog Within Academies Brindle Carnal Bump Fighter Seahorse Breakers Cargoes Navigator Indefensible Goodwill Socioeconomic Upstream Hitchhiker Prosecutor Bricker Raccoon Poisoner Strokers Scout Mollusk Almighty Torus Mole Quietest Daydream Hay Shiner Minuet Maps Every Hawks Nectar Preachers Shockers Hedges Escapade That Huntsman Spin Candle Begotten Garbages Ballroom Barb Woody Salter Resistor Foamy Rhythm Cleave Hardware Street Brainstorm Cripple Strychnine Bode Until Fir Starve Vampire Pepperoni Editor Pinion Fox Ammonia Sailboat Proton Constructor Brigadier Critiques Hag Soiree Cable Invincible Sore Thrift Atop Smelt Chanticleer Encouragements Both Whitener And Riverside Broker Manifest Shakers ( Providence ) Either Notables Bagels Vaginas Onto Sheriff Correspondents Stormy Dynamo Restaurant Cleanliness Carol Pump Basil Landlord Marten Central Cancels Buttermilk Repeater Kinder Biography Magistrate Stirrers Sue Grip Open Marionette Decal Vine Rhino Taverns Jawbone Download Conduction Consumable Northwest Showdown Pod Doubler Froth Pelican Honeymoon Indispensable Between Court Benefiting Woodchuck Nightgown Bunkers Brownie Fireflies Aeronautics Shocker Ferret Nobles Flowers Hotter Guinea Valence Sequences Tree Witch Gingerbread Westerners Gourd Woof Absolutes Unto Axon Partake Ubiquity Binder Shrews Diver Oncology Glow Unlike Gut Trackers Monstrosity Oriole Booker Babes PDT Urchins Seahorse Caboose Railway Ward Coaxial Nibbles Bird Super Interface Supper Cow Dispatchers Superego Nebula Asbestos Abortion Rend Minuteman Avalanche Monument Sharp Firmer Rate Generosity Eastbound Antarctic Oriole Previews Hassle Temple Spanner Allied Expedition Bounce Lily Subs Frantic Sherry Brat Roach Rupture Equator Pie Slave Madness Councilwoman Excavation Carcasses Omnibus Macintosh Gymnasium Minnow Patrol Lingerie 30031030 Kids Ink Interactivity Lithograph Renewable Scrawl Throb Beak Nightfall Symphony Hitchhiker Jury Every Hashish Junction Fames Explore Misgivings Cuisine Inactive Octagon Annoyances Seaman Chanter Sulphuric Those Beatings Smugglers Epilogue Easter Ecclesiastical Jeer Grail Castle Rampage Grownup Rodents Rummy Monarchy Snare Fairs Binocular Ferry Monks Polka Cart Razor Identification Towards Ridicule Mercury Prefab Your Oar Time Limits Turkey Count Berry Monkey Thump Buffer Glazer Liege Axis Cocky Cropper Scholastic Manufacturing Congressman Glossary Neurosis Promoter Vile Drapery Disband Merchants Lithograph Reworking Mossy Abominable Quadratic Lambert Derby Shiners Braid Amphibian Balsam Blazers Irregulars Surround Minefield Boo Pervert Ink Both Terminologies King Blushing Agency Hologram Mongoose Reap Abatement Extravagant Design Needles Messiest Jostle Soluble Conference Broadband Oneness Rib The Pygmy Interrelationships Bloom Overkill Focuses Sensual Successions Invalid Shutdowns Sill Pillage Woodland Menace Suicidal Overcoat Barb Boredom Anechoic Acorn Resistor Treachery Hall Posters Saga Distance Ubiquity Supernatural Clove Widener Priory Corpses Raccoon 771267 Incalculable Dolphins PDT Agriculture Converters Waveform Recipes Smithereens Woofers Mens Spice Theater Barbecue Chopper Cymbals Seacoast Sine Alibi Mystics Rude Hallow Addresses The Each Preeminence Civic An Chewers Thundering Spire Pistol Archbishop Portending Outpost Shifters Denouncing Eightfold Brandywine Cam Biscuit Gaiety Serendipity Slap Midwinter Thicker Maritime Polite Pelican Each Envoy Esoteric Sever Safari Daylight Pea Supervisors Nightingales Gauge Scuba Octet Arrival Sweetener Soprano Eggshell Monsoon Puzzles Affection Microcosm Any Cryptography Stockbroker Zodiac Herd Dissolution Palace Mixup Gleanings Nor Jeopardy Trail Fevers Heaviest Premiers Maul Whiskey Psychosomatic Adder Hamlet Procedures Sabbath Caprice Village Tracers Both Interrelated Centuries Hens Evens Caverns ( Deserter ) Anatomic Islander Backyard Video User Color Dilate Summoner Jealousy Spring Mockup Optima Pacification Beak Hierarchical Green Communicator Devotion Honer Avenues Nor Nary Architectures Looseleaf Apostolic Corrosive Inhales Productions Surrey Degrees Both Acquisitive Absurd Birthplace Meteor Welfare All Sari Chairs Southerner Operator Clientele Fracture Midnight Trail Cretin Cardinals Agricultural Maid Preachers Mugs Tulips Commodore Normals Lynch Fetish Tramps Electron Memoirs Bunkers Each Skeleton Ranger Bittersweet These Butterball Posse Chronology Majesties Immodest Quitter Prophesy Dwindle Waiter Media Deform Canton Scholarship Paragon Canon Lynx Monograph Provinces Snoop Callousness Thyself Vents Fairy Eyepiece Plume Tuck Release Stationmaster Contraband Quotations Immortality Dirge Catheters Ode Sleepy Bob Emancipate Guild The Brief Franks Sleepy Causeway Roadster Hospital Boss Gantry Editor Lemon Capitol Looseleaf Heuristic Trooper Prospectus Guardian Brownish Archangel Mangler Helm Protestor Citadel Every Pungent Waterproof Fames Mutt Shells Fosters Calculator Nor Gosh Abatement Generals Adagios Restart Rowdy Harvest Biscuit Neither Witnesses Southpaw Fearless Thrower Grazer Roadblock Duet Riddance Analyst Fisherman Junction Snore Gunnery Windmills User Disguise Gird Slays Anthropology Crusader Pricks Sweeter Chat Roe Consulting Gourd Any Suture Rate Another Swingers Magistrate Surge Inference Gazing Skunks Hairless Mallet Cheaters Threshold Almighty Crunches Skylark Jure Valve Pea Swivel Spore Beryl Nary Wraps Attic Wretch Whirl Churchyard Till Some Babes Aloha Selector Numerable Diploma Berth Squareness Forest Ray Waterfalls Mini Bigotry Floater Crash Boathouse Codeword Arrowhead Skyline Curse Berets Balloon Disillusionment Panacea Postulates Scales Oven Flyer Rosary Exhale Tremors Prosecutor Disc Security Pester Discount Trilateral Loans Whereas Flats Puller Antiseptic Bumblebee Saturation Severely Bluefish Dismount Lubrication Seems Meridian 662124 94979 Apostolic Bespoke Char Athletics Bunny Retroactive Clogs Sweeter Pacer Readout Hangout Workman Woody An Vehicles Some Trier Falls Canning Juggler Lynch Freight Bravo Necrosis Hart Mountaineers Directions Rook Pins Ministry Falconer Bibliographies Dismount Renaissance Forgave Mighty Transit Ugh Sheet Radioactive Wolf Agile Mane Telegrams Durations Poke Moonshine Dodge Moderation Compulsion Twang Plus Aft Senders Under Each Blizzard Nervously Busily Rides Sports Inside Brisk Womb Bolt Disc Primers Specification Lexicon Temple Gleaner Casualty Stove Avenger But Career Midnight Bilk Latitude Images Moderns Above Both Decimal Preludes Fiber Slang Bellman Brownies Company Parkway Coral Scholar Taverns Dulls Marten Hail Petter Litter Pirates These Intellect Advances Polar Novels Chaplains Inspires Widows Overkill Vaginas Victor Rejoin Diabetes Sabbath Habitual Canoe Portals Shampoo Intensively Fox Kitten Killings Cavity Leech Rattle University Nineteens Woodland Presides Polygon Train Diphtheria Pickup Autumns Predictive Investigators Scary Hangman Brazing Optima Providence Fondle Warning Paragon Checker Strikers Complain Cherry Zoos Ugh Springtime Colts Smelt Periodicals Mockup Collide Pilgrimage From All Invisible Rainfall This Master Boatyard Perseverance Cabs Larder Parakeet Squeeze Redirect Peer Exempt Merry Dyers Reminders Methodical Lummox Could Ancient Pokerface Stroker 71394 Utters Draft Bursa Maul Fuel Farina Recreation Psalms 081499 Parakeet Westbound Blows Equestrian Refresh Drugstore Acolyte Garbages Sightings Sardine Euphoria These Reap Southern Pandas Berry Artisan Inland Grove Store Both Deploys Ransom Abbey Geyser Ways En Squat Checkout Qualm Clogs Extol Calendars Shadows Fink Enter Applicant Dent Caribou Shore Regressive Passionately Tapes Guyer Pointing Codeine Bullet Student Piston Peculiarity Rogues Equality Liberals 1272 Startup Oncology Bleacher Diagonals Gunpowder Cleanliness Maze Sweeter Skinner Gun Stabbing Evergreen Prelude Bizarre 00064 Shorthand Caves Blokes Grieve Asylum Polygon Defenestration Banana Walnut Limp Unicycle Mathematics Dune Scythe Ha 93075 Aboriginal Supplement Pro Dye Winnings Recreation Advisory Distributor Expectation Lentils Peculiarity Juror Petty Colored Consort Blonde Manufacturers Confide Waterfalls Panda Heathen Stormy Estates 81600 Consulate Skirmishes Spinster Quasar Palmer Womb Parabola Every Scarf Trauma Stagecoach Megabit Skylight Slave Nary Diagnoses Beatnik Flowchart Hop Asparagus Hells Mud Whip Caldera Grandstand Visor Shoe Consort Brainstorm 1751 Cavalier Sharer Rivalry Blokes Those Resume Overseers Sufferers Morphine Or Pea Poodle Resort Ravings Spear Throughout Neither Radioactive Foaming Heads Romantic Cork Sham Alias Anodize Sixes Stairwell Ashen Chooser Intern Dialog Omnibus Transit Trails ( 090102 4335 ) Photography Orchard Artwork Sweatshirt Impugn Grim Battle King Opera Tweed Warranty Cog Orchid Unite Oracle Promoter Seaside Battlefield Emancipate Runtime Inferences Beat Sloppy Bootlegged Judo Armadillos Humanities Overture Fanning Bifocal Stars Sewing Aboard Tower Wolf Looseleaf Lambert Jotted Spark Penny Vacant Encyclopedia Thumbs Lilacs Sifting Rancher Transpose Palfrey Proton Porridge Pacemaker All Cities Jungle Subterfuge Trucking Bravest Nary Beamer Signet Jolt Logic Either Deserters Merge Meeker Aid Chasms Finders Doghouse Binocular Engineering Foundation Bystander Clogs Refugee Bellwether Bracelet Garden Biology Unlike Every Rattle Terrific Punishments Voyage Postage Artichoke Unfit Bloodbath Valley Brazier Electron Pipe Jostle Dictionary Photo Usher Referrals Cloud Cake Grills 21973 0141302186 Congressional Elaboration Heaven Backbones Nor Its Miner Anniversaries Waxy Hearten Pentagon Tills Clay Exhibition Leeway Shallowness Under Boomerang Woman Oleander Echoes Or Bumble Brown Eliminator Frost Decimate Mantissa Industries Meadow Ladies Fire Outbound Breweries Motivation Kilowatt Blabbermouth Brown Rooter Needlework An Grandpa Primers Caption Ration Quadratic Essays Thug Mistakes Neither Peddlers Corder Contagion These Broadcasters Braid Schooner Federalist About Sale Genealogy Oleander Pumice Cleave Counsellors Inquisition Tip Sapiens Madder Vat Lantern Palace Depository 45801 Playmate Landlady Decimate Lentils Harem The Jury An Suction Reverie Fighter Kite Asparagus Gear Hibernate Relentless Destructor Guarantees Rush Antiquarian Venom Herd 76727 Insurance Century Average Chocolate Archangel Hijack Gate Funnel Thatch Crush Stationmaster Farm Marching Infection Roundtable Hollowness Diagnosis Sparkle Rheumatic Dregs Thugs Ripeness Either Currents Minnow Penitent Warning Anesthesia Courier Voucher Pundit Barbecue Affiliation Sire Crocks Plight Giveaway Urine 19937 Regulator Satin Brunch Every Blister Minstrel Hollowness Holiday Generals Apathetic Foxes Ballet Governor Nick Worm Chucks Seeker Depresses Phylum Train Instinct Bill Preacher Automata Boomerang Tower Unconventional Brindle Seagull Famous Dew Fury Adagio Mischief Urn Subtract Zoom Avalanches Idiocy Overseer Blacksmith Destiny Ranch Shadow Morphine Blister Contingency Why Woodman Bewilder Profiles Monarchy Citrus Spider Oh Imaginary Arsenic Exodus Fillings Furthermost Inducer Shop Hilltops Secession Holiday Hash Artist Printers Outside Ship Hex Manufacturer Malt Spurned 062797 Embargo Whitener Directrix Bulldog Tawny Slap Dearly Plus This Buns Insecticide Legalization Spheres Idiocy Mistakes All Directrix Shoemaker Chewers Squeeze Spoiler Consumer Hookups Symbolism Visit Soda Caster Surgical Pancakes Puzzles Marshal Armor Cherry Sugar Observer Clips Paroles Probe Entrap No Accomplices Canyon Hooker Newt Rocks Rollback Care Camper Strikers Zodiac Whisper Electroencephalogram Toward Pea Literature Lantern Breadbox Lynch Cord 0483 Each Balsam Rugged Obsession Ecclesiastical Outside Pickers Income Sublime Modulus Jeweler Fairest Positron Onto Girls Inactive Inter Pediatric Learner Captivity Lizard Memberships Horde Yeomen Sweatshirt Plaque Noontime This Republican Portfolios Eternal Creamers Gulch Snippet Gorillas Maple Patriot Esoteric Grammar Tit Smithereens Almighty Unborn Pandemonium Tremor Messenger Brooks Hideout Don Scoot Shortstop Hereditary Ball Rogue Terminus Sand Evacuation Precipitation Snore Variables Forum Consoles Federalist Centaur Parachutes Guyer Cents Dosage Paycheck Thinner Drape Virus Sanitary Trip Genealogy Priest Lighting Romp Omicron Specific Doubler Culture Equatorial Tapes Box Gadget Pinto Thumbs And Depot Audition Noise 708386 Cub Inclusion An At Leisure Adobe 518449 Canyon Guidebooks Sore Sender Smelt Calculator Infamy Complex Prosthetic Alibi Strip Drake Beggars Greatly Axiom Infection Aerosol Acme Fauna Nor Debaters Essays Oracles Gene Deductive Pacification Burrow Interface Puncture Commission Hawker Wings Calculator Bright Meals Reasonings Deliverer Tassel Loafer Fetus Mark Rule Seam Cottonmouth Pajama Communist Computer Future Flinty Accelerator Harrow This Crow Kitten Request Accordion Slope 0930 Informed Bias Cents Highwayman Asphalt Blindness Dozenth 4007 Slaughterhouse Southbound Clover Nobility Holistic Portals Goad Butterball Sheet Bowers These Vigilantes Potters Educators Mountaineer Fixers Banking Radiantly Pioneering Babes Seamen Police Heel Generosity Micro Shopping Qualm Gear Elf Agency Psalms Vile Starve Forge Price Smithereens Peptide Brazing Fours Armadillo Tertiary Cube Frame Internship Markets Reproduction Resurrection Cult Cram Pancake Eligible Affiliation Inflammable Seventieth Quarreling Promenade Quiz Redwood Portals Cargoes Harvester Student Shack Marvels Slicks Some Canary Dells Landlord Panda Vocational Stormy Powder Synapse Councillor View Caller Textile Rash Rob Commerce Synthetic Adhesive Lane Proficiency Neither Lizard Contractions Biscuit Mossy Snore 022301 Blink Fireside Instruction Mulberry Bridal Guarantees Protect Waits And Megabytes Rescue Opulence Cannonball Convulsion Interdependence Null Twang This 93110 Seeker Sale Brindle Consenting Supervisors Daybreak Crackpot Reproduction Bluffing Rag Bray Ax Shin Noonday Nebula Curfew Sanitation Shook Rentals Adagios Impoverished Ado Respondents Cyberspace Tropic Chamberlain Cobalt Dwarfs Administrator Demands Deserters Mummy Twas Peer Fidelity Monks Fables Wildcat Target Romp Snapdragon Husk Cents Ammonia Scooping Controversial Opium Gins Interpretive Universal Butterball Vampire Affective Blimp Tallow Daydream Rocks Ridge Rant The Artist Constitution Medicines Digitization Vaginas Twelfth Canal Salter Council Upland Drinkers Morrow Operates 11701 Spleen Snore Hut Or Tomb Quarterly Arrival Birches Arrival Pygmy Filter Grim Citadel Spore Conflagration Kissers Saintly Munch Sands Thesis Lobby Subjectivity Color Cane Flanking Shipyard Botanical Codfish Homeward Codeine Maxim Felicity Temple Crest Regent Journeyman Irks Sabbath Amity Mnemonic Mistletoe Muzzles Unite Miners Draft Plain Invisibly Minus Walrus Woodpecker Priority Tropical Sept Shovel Casual Gripes Interlink Boll Discs Horizon Chasers Strip Muzzle Carelessness Damnation Strobe Kinky Picayune Dependable Sonny Foothill Tour Overseers Chop Pinhole Matchers Stainless Omit Trick Chubby Larder Interactivity Lockup Femininity Stereotyped Peninsula Breeder Birdbath Those Round Whisper Cocks Movement Or These Stow Camper Briar Gnome Anodize Newsletters Scrolls Ambassadors Slang Soundings Gadgets Filing Ado Constructor Abducts Permutation Shell Nickname Cage Sorrow Surround Contagious Rides Commotion Attractor Fibers Declare 6975 Dosage Symphony Possum Dystrophy Quicksand Rentals Patrol Bunting Mandatory Planet Beecher Neither Birthdays Crowns Behemoth Forensic Snare Circuitry But Pagan Sweetens All Chariots Refills Sages Veering Carpenters Rangy Penny Musk Those Migrant Ore Borderline Highwayman Flips Newcomer Morn Impudent Memento Bolsters Boatswains Breve
University of Michigan police arrested 12 student activists yesterday after they refused to leave President Mary Sue Coleman 's office , according to the
Michigan Daily
.
The protesters staged the sit-in as part of Students Organizing for Labor and Economic Equality 's Sweatfree Campaign , and demanded that the University toughen its labor standards for suppliers producing University - licensed apparel .
From Nicholas Kristof , " In Praise of the Maligned Sweatshop , " available
here
or
here
.
Imagine that a Nike vice president proposed manufacturing cheap T - shirts in Ethiopia : " Look , boss , it would be tough to operate there , but a factory would be a godsend to one of the poorest countries in the world .
And if we kept a tight eye on costs and paid 25 cents an hour , we might be able to make a go of it .
" The boss would reply : " You 're crazy !
We'd be boycotted on every campus in the country .
So companies like Nike , itself once a target of sweatshop critics , tend not to have highly labor - intensive factories in the very poorest countries , but rather more capital - intensive factories ( in which machines do more of the work ) in better - off nations like Malaysia or Indonesia .
And the real losers are the world 's poorest people .
Well - meaning American university students regularly campaign against sweatshops .
But instead , anyone who cares about fighting poverty should campaign in favor of sweatshops , demanding that companies set up factories in Africa .
If Africa could establish a clothing export industry , that would fight poverty far more effectively than any foreign aid program .
Even Paul Krugman wrote
an article in favor of sweatshops
The GOP remains under the hugely misguided assumption that somehow the public supports the war in Iraq .
That 's the only way I can figure it , though .
We 've got Dick Cheney , who is ( if possible ) even more unpopular than George Bush saying :
" I thought his speech yesterday was unfortunate , that his comments were uninformed and misleading , " Mr. Cheney said of the senator ’s address to a research organization here .
The vice president went on to assert that Mr. Reid has distorted the recommendations of the Iraq Study Group , which called for a change of course in Iraq ; that he has not kept up with developments about Iraq , and that he has shifted his positions " on the most important foreign policy question facing the nation and our troops . "
Yes , Mr. There Were WMD in Iraq and Saddam Was Behind 9/11 ( that one heard as recently as September 10 , 2006 ) is a fine person to trot out when the subject is misleading the American people .
But here 's the thing , who are they going to believe , Dick Cheney or their very own eyes ?
One need only read the paper or watch the nightly news every day to know that Iraq is a total quagmire .
You do n't have to be a highly engaged political junkie to know when you 're being lied to .
It 's pretty much any time Dick Cheney opens his mouth , particularly on Iraq .
But Harry Reid knows this .
" The president sends out his attack dog often , " said Mr. Reid .
" That ’s also known as Dick Cheney . "
Defending the legislation up for a vote this week , he said , " We believe the troops should get every penny they need and we have put our money where our mouth is with supplemental appropriations , but we believe there must be a change of direction in the war in Iraq . "
Mr. Reid said he was not going to engage in a tit - for - tat with the vice president .
" I ’m not going to get into a name - calling match with somebody who has a 9 percent approval rating , " Mr. Reid said .
Poor Broder , another " embarrassing " attack by Harry Reid .
Broder will be an audience of one for the White House and RNC with their ridiculous attacks against Reid .
It will just cement further in the mind of the American people that the Republicans are for the war and the Democrats are trying to get us out .
They did a segment about this on the UK show " The Gadget Show " a while back , the female presenter Suzy Perry ( I think ... ) tried it out ( do n't remember what season or episode . )
Based on what I saw there , this is basically something that works best for guys - who are really in shape , because it 's a massive workout to get it to move .
Bodyweight and muscle power also help , she was struggling to keep it going without sinking .
So it 's not just " bounce slightly and soar away across the water " , it 's more like " pump your ass off with zero break time or you 'll sink like a stone " - and no , it does n't allow you to get going once you sink without a new standing start from the beach .
Definitely not for me , in other words .
A ) you look like a certified jackass on one and b ) you have to work your ass off while doing a ) .
The United States today spends approximately as much as the rest of the world combined on its military establishment .
So it is worth pondering why it is that , after nearly four years of effort , the loss of thousands of American lives , and an outlay of perhaps half - a- trillion dollars , the US has not succeeded in pacifying a small country of some 24 million people , much less in leading it to anything that looks remotely like a successful democracy .
One answer is that the nature of global politics in the first decade of the 21st century has changed in important ways .
Today 's world , at least in that band of instability that runs from north Africa and through the Middle East , sub -Saharan Africa and central Asia , is characterised by numerous weak and sometimes failed states , and by transnational actors who are able to move fluidly across international borders , abetted by the same technological capabilities that produced globalisation .
States such as Afghanistan , Pakistan , Iraq , Lebanon , Somalia , Palestine and a host of others are not able to exercise sovereign control over their territory , ceding power and influence to terrorist groups such as al - Qaida , political parties - cum - militias such as Hizbullah in Lebanon , or various ethnic and sectarian factions elsewhere .
American military doctrine has emphasised the use of overwhelming force , applied suddenly and decisively , to defeat the enemy .
But in a world where insurgents and militias deploy invisibly among civilian populations , overwhelming force is almost always counterproductive : it alienates precisely those people who have to make a break with the hardcore fighters and deny them the ability to operate freely .
The kind of counterinsurgency campaign needed to defeat transnational militias and terrorists puts political goals ahead of military ones , and emphasises hearts and minds over shock and awe .
A second lesson that should have been drawn from the past five years is that preventive war cannot be the basis of a long - term US nonproliferation strategy .
The Bush doctrine sought to use preventive war against Iraq as a means of raising the perceived cost to would - be proliferators of approaching the nuclear threshold .
Unfortunately , the cost to the US itself was so high that it taught exactly the opposite lesson : the deterrent effect of American conventional power is low , and the likelihood of preventive war actually decreases if a country manages to cross that threshold .
A final lesson that should have been drawn from the Iraq war is that the current US government has demonstrated great incompetence in its day - to - day management of policy .
One of the striking things about the performance of the Bush administration is how poorly it has followed through in accomplishing the ambitious objectives it set for itself .
In Iraq , the administration has acted like a patient with attention - deficit disorder .
The US succeeded in organising efficiently for key events such as the handover of sovereignty on June 30 2004 , or the elections of January 30 2005 .
But it failed to train Iraqi forces , failed to appoint ambassadors , failed to perform due diligence on contractors and , above all , failed to hold accountable those officials most responsible for these and other multiple failures .
This lack of operational competence could in theory be fixed over time , but it has important short - term consequences for American grand strategy .
Neoconservative theorists saw America exercising a benevolent hegemony over the world , using its enormous power wisely and decisively to fix problems such as terrorism , proliferation , rogue states , and human - rights abuses .
But even if friends and allies were inclined to trust America 's good intentions , it would be hard for them not to be dismayed at the actual execution of policy and the amount of broken china this particular bull left behind .
The failure to absorb Iraq 's lessons has been evident in the neoconservative discussion of how to deal with Iran 's growing regional power , and its nuclear programme .
Iran today constitutes a huge challenge for the US , as well as for America 's friends in the Middle East .
Unlike al - Qaida , Iran is a state , deeply rooted historically ( unlike Iraq ) and flush with resources as a result of energy price rises .
It is ruled by a radical Islamist regime that - particularly since Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's election in June 2005 - has turned in a disturbingly intolerant and aggressive direction .
The US unintentionally abetted Iran 's regional rise by invading Iraq , eliminating the Ba'athist regime as a counterweight , and empowering Shia parties close to Tehran .
It seems reasonably clear that Iran wants nuclear weapons , despite protestations that its nuclear programme is only for civilian purposes ; nuclear energy makes little sense for a country sitting on some of the world 's largest oil reserves , but it makes sense as the basis for a weapons programme .
It is completely rational for the Iranians to conclude that they will be safer with a bomb than without one .
It is easy to outline the obstacles to a negotiated end to the Iranian programme , but much harder to come up with an alternative strategy .
Use of force looks very unappealing .
The US is hardly in a position to invade and occupy yet another country , especially one three times larger than Iraq .
An attack would have to be conducted from the air , and it would not result in regime change , which is the only long - term means of stopping the WMD programme .
It is hard to have much confidence that US intelligence on Iranian facilities is any better than it was in the case of Iraq .
An air campaign is much more likely to build support for the regime than to topple it , and will stimulate terrorism and attacks on American facilities and friends around the globe .
The US would be even more isolated in such a war than during the Iraqi campaign , with only Israel as a certain ally .
None of these considerations , nor the debacle in Iraq , has prevented certain neoconservatives from advocating military action against Iran .
Some insist that Iran poses an even greater threat than Iraq , avoiding the fact that their zealous advocacy of the Iraq invasion is what has destroyed America 's credibility and undercut its ability to take strong measures against Iran .
All of this could well be correct .
Ahmadinejad may be the new Hitler ; the current negotiations could be our Munich accords ; Iran could be in the grip of undeterrable religious fanatics ; and the west might be facing a " civilisational " danger .
I believe that there are reasons for being less alarmist .
Iran is , after all , a state , with equities to defend - it should be deterrable by other states possessing nuclear weapons ; it is a regional and not a global power ; it has in the past announced extreme ideological goals but has seldom acted on them when important national interests were at stake ; and its decision - making process appears neither unified nor under the control of the most radical forces .
What I find remarkable about the neoconservative line of argument on Iran , however , is how little changed it is in its basic assumptions and tonalities from that taken on Iraq in 2002 , despite the momentous events of the past five years and the manifest failure of policies that neoconservatives themselves advocated .
What may change is the American public 's willingness to listen to them .
· This is an edited extract from After the Neocons by Francis Fukuyama , published in paperback by Profile books at £ 7.99
What a surprise , Bush is lying about the war in Iraq .
What ’s disturbing is how blatantly Bush is now lying about public opinion on the war .
Either he has decided that lying to the public is , again , the best strategy for a president to take with his people , or he truly believes the lies he ’s telling , which means that he ’s not just an idiot , he ’s also crazy .
From AP :
The president says Democrats have it all wrong : the public does n’t want the troops pulled out — they want to give the military more support in its mission … .
Bush said : “ I recognize there are a handful there , or some , who just say , ` Get out , you know , it ’s just not worth it .
Let ’s just leave . ’
I strongly disagree with that attitude .
Most Americans do as well . ”
In fact , polls show Americans do not disagree , and that leaving — not winning — is their main goal … .
Independent pollster Andrew Kohut said of the White House view : “ I do n’t see what [ the White House is ] talking about . ”
“ [ People ] want to know when American troops are going to leave , ” Kohut , director of the nonpartisan Pew Research Center , said of the public .
“ They certainly want to win .
But their hopes have been dashed . ”
Kohut has found it notable that there ’s such a consensus in poll findings .
“ When the public has n’t made up its mind or has n’t thought about things , there ’s a lot of variation in the polls , ” he said .
“ But there ’s a fair amount of agreement now . ”
The president did n’t used to try to co-opt polling for his benefit .
He just said he ignored it .
Yes , really .
Here is the immortal Vegas lounge duo Steve and Eydie putting their silken throats to that heroin - laced grunge classic Black Hole Sun , from the album Loungeapalooza .
And this time no chipmunk effects .
Lyrics over the jump .
And by the way , Eydie ‘s got a blog .
: : :: :: :: :: :: :: :: :: ::
In my eyes
Indisposed
In disguise
As no one knows
Hides the face
Lies the snake
The sun
In my disgrace
Boiling heat
Summer stench
neath the black
The sky looks dead
Call my name
Through the cream
And Ill hear you
Scream again
Black hole sun
Wont you come
And wash away the rain
Black hole sun
Wont you come
Wont you come
Stuttering
Cold and damp
Steal the warm wind
Tired friend
Times are gone
For honest men
And sometimes
Far too long
For snakes
In my shoes
A walking sleep
And my youth
I pray to keep
Heaven send
Hell away
No one sings
Like you
Anymore
Hang my head
Drown my fear
Till you all just
Disappear
The steep dropoff may have led to multiple layoffs of its phone bank workers .
The Republican National Committee , hit by a grass - roots donors ’ rebellion over President Bush ’s immigration policy , has fired all 65 of its telephone solicitors , Ralph Z. Hallow will report Friday in The Washington Times .
Faced with an estimated 40 percent fall - off in small - donor contributions and aging phone - bank equipment that the RNC said would cost too much to update , Anne Hathaway , the committee ’s chief of staff , summoned the solicitations staff last week and told them they were out of work , effective immediately , the fired staffers told The Times .
The national committee yesterday confirmed the firings that took place more than a week ago , but denied that the move was motivated by declining donor response to phone solicitations .
“ The phone - bank employees were terminated , ” RNC spokeswoman Tracey Schmitt wrote by e-mail in response to questions sent by The Times .
“ This was not an easy decision .
The first and primary motivating factor was the state of the phone bank technology , which was outdated and difficult to maintain .
The RNC was advised that we would soon need an entire new system to remain viable . ”
Fired employees acknowledged that the committee ’s phone equipment was outdated , but said a sharp drop - off in donations “ probably ” hastened the end of the RNC ’s in - house phone - bank operation .
PRODUCTION on hit TV series
The OC screeched to a halt when loud screams were heard from star Mischa Barton 's dressing - room trailer .
Crew members ran to the rescue to find pretty brunette Barton , 20 , and her co-star Rachel Bilson screaming and pointing in panic at a hungry - looking coyote who had sneaked in to feast on the girls ' leftovers .
Luckily crew were able to coax the wild animal out of the trailer and chase it off the set and back into the Malibu hills .
That 'll teach those skinny girls not to polish off their dinner .
The political game which has been engaged in was shrewdly designed to enable Democrats to evade their constitutional responsibilities based on a calculation that even were they to state their opposition to impeachment , it would improve their election chances .
It was furthermore done so that any possible damage caused to their election chances by their refusal , would not be enough to keep the people from choosing the only alternative they had to the GOP rubber stamp and it ’s accompanying abuse of power by the executive branch .
It was cynical in the extreme , and the game continues to this day for the –perceived - longer range political benefit the DLC believes it can glean from allowing the Bush crime junket to continue two more years , hopefully –to them - further imploding the political viability of the GOP .
It must end now :
No one has the right to remove any constitutional legal process from the intrinsic right of the American people to maintain a society of laws .
That the Democrats stated “ Impeachment is off the table ” and can claim they did not promise to impeach Bush and Cheney , in no way excuses them from their constitutional obligation to do so now .
The American people were offered a Hobsen ’s choice in 2006 , the nature of which - if allowed to continue - would result , and is resulting in continued and additional criminal activity by the administration .
There exist too many grounds for a legitimate impeachment proceeding against Bush and Cheney than can even be reasonably listed here .
Like organized crime , in the Bush administration the criminal conduct is not coincidental to the nature , it is the nature .
I have no doubt a successful case against the Bush administration could be prosecuted under the RICO statute based on what ’s already evident .
Bush ’s so - called “ signing statements ” are alone worthy of causing his impeachment , for they evidence an open and willful refusal to recognize and abide in the law .
They are a strict violation of the oath of office and are in fact nothing short of declarations of sedition against the Constitution and Republic .
In addition to this , if falsifying intelligence , covering up exculpatory intelligence for the purposes of starting a major war with tens of thousands of American casualties , systematic kidnapping and torture in violation of international law , warrentless wiretapping , and retribution against anyone who exposes acts of high treason – Joe Wilson - which damage national security is n’t a long enough list of serious crimes to warrant impeachment , no crime or crimes committed by an executive ever will be .
We are talking about the largest crimes ever committed in the name of the American people , with the most serious - national security , life and death - consequences in our history .
The Democrats must be forced to uphold the law and to act on behalf of a damaged American people .
The crimes committed by this administration were not only against the international community and the laws to which it is constitutionally bound as signatories , but are high crimes against the American people collectively .
The crimes were committed in our names .
We are obligated to end them .
There will be consequences of the highest magnitude if the Democratic majority in Congress continues to refuse to act .
The consequences of a failure to impeach an intrinsically and openly criminal administration only begins with the failure to hold the administration itself accountable for their crimes .
The damage is structural and will be ongoing .
The office of the Presidency itself , the Vice Presidency , indeed , the integrity of the whole of the American government is at stake .
If impeachment is not undertaken , the damage done is not only a failure to hold the criminal accountable : it is to the legitimacy of the United States and it ’s constitution itself , and will result in a permanent degradation of the credibility of the executive branch , both in the eyes of the American people , and equally importantly , in the international arena .
It will lay the ground work for further abuses by future Presidents .
Failure to hold the administration accountable for it ’s criminal activity will result in generations of damage to the central legal principles of the Republic :
That “ we are a nation of laws and not men ” .
The immediate consequences of a failure to impeach will be an executive branch who ’s powers have been vastly extended beyond the Constitution and left to the next President to wield to our continued harm .
There will be a correctly made assumption by the international community that the United States can never be trusted again to abide in it ’s own stated principles in accordance with the rule of law .
Abuses of power will inevitably continue under the next administration , whether it is Republican or Democrat .
As was said of Nixon ’s abuses –which pale in comparison - “ there is a cancer on the Presidency ” .
The current cancer will remain and it will grow unless excised .
The previous 230 years of carefully constitutionally balanced government powers which have been so severely unbalanced will remain unrestored and our Republican form of government will have been left for dead .
The destruction of the Republic through this devaluation of the rule of law will inevitably continue unless Congress is forced to act now to right it .
The American people need to rise up and demand the Democratic party act :
They must subpoena George W. Bush , Dick Cheney , and other high officials and place them under oath in public hearings regarding the lies and falsified intelligence upon which they plunged this nation into a ruinous and lethal war .
If they fail to act now , the American people , and Democrats in particular must in no way support the continuation of Democrats in power in 2008 .
As Americans , we can not afford that any President is placed into the office in it ’s now constitutionally decimated condition ; impeachment must be undertaken to restore the balance of powers and credibility of the United States , both abroad , and with it ’s own people .
The time is short and the Democratic majority have an absolute legal obligation to act now to protect us from further executive tyranny and high crimes .
The leadership of the Democratic party must be made to know that their craven and fundamentally corrupt current political calculation can and will be made to backfire if they do not change course now .
I for one , will hold my representatives accountable for what ’s now clearly amounting to their aiding and abetting an ongoing criminal conspiracy ; Jay Inslee and Patty Murray :
You ’d better stop impeding the lawful removal of this administration now or be ready to clean out your offices in 2008 .
I will not support you under any circumstances if this continues : I will consider it criminal .
To the reader , You should to .
Esbe Social Media Pages :
Jay Esbe is a writer with a background in cultural anthropology and comparative religion and lives in Seattle Washington .
The views expressed herein are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of this website or its editors .
OpEdNews depends upon can't survive without your help .
If you value this article and the work of OpEdNews , please either Donate or Purchase a premium membership .
Once again the right wing bloggers tried to paint a memo that is detrimental to their cause a fraud .
The memo states :
Due to a theater - wide delay in food delivery , menu selections will be limited for the near future .
While every effort will be made to provide balanced meals , it may not be possible to offer the dishes you are used to seeing at each meal .
Fresh fruits and salad bar items will also be severely limited or unavailable .
Unfortunately for them it is in fact real .
Larry Johnson broke the story and was immediately attacked for it .
Guess what ?
Larry is correct .
Needless to say , the memo is authentic .--- Time and again , they are revealed to be people completely unmoored from reality or without the slightest regard for basic precepts of responsible commentary .
Facts which are unpleasant to them are deemed to be " fake " for that reason alone , and the most serious accusations come spewing forth from their mouths without any regard to whether they are actually true .
Right - wing bloggers and " Pajamas Media " spent all weekend calling Larry Johnson a liar and a fraud when the only liars and frauds were , as usual , them .
And now that they stand exposed , yet again , as reckless and fact - free hysterics , they will simply move , unperturbed , onto their next manufactured scandal , with the expectation that they will be taken seriously .
Is it really any wonder that not even their own party -- which venerates people like Rush Limbaugh -- takes right - wing blogs seriously ?... read on
The media will turn a blind eye to their errors once again .
Are you surprised ?
Want references for these amazing facts ?
Then click the footnote numbers for a topic -- or simply scroll down the page .
How closely their neighbors emulate the notoriously liberal Jesus Christ of the bible ( as opposed to the modern conservative spin of a Christ who preached hate against a wide variety of people for almost every conceivable reason , and considered the poor undeserving of help )
1
( examples : Fox News ; Jerry Falwell ; Pat Robertson )
Health care for themselves and their loved ones2
( examples : America 's missing universal healthcare ( virtually all its political and technological peers possess it ) ; America 's near 44 million who are uninsured ; the spotty access to and quality of healthcare received by those who ARE insured )
The sex lives of strangers3
( examples : 21st century US media focus on celebrity sex and relationships to the exclusion of almost all else ( including the steady dismantling of American constitutional government ) ; homosexuality ; same - sex marriage ; abortion ; contraception ; pornography ( even cartoon pornography ) )
The deaths of fictional people4
( examples : abortion ; the concern and uproar over the possible fatalities among Harry Potter and friends prior to publication of the last book in the series )
The size and reputation of their President 's manhood5
( examples : a US national defense budget bigger than those of the next fourteen of the world 's largest -- combined ; the impeachment of Bill Clinton ; the non-impeachment of George W. Bush )
Protecting the comfort , rights , and whims of the fabulously wealthy and influential , no matter the costs or consequences6
( examples : the ever - shrinking estate tax ; virtually unchecked government and corporate corruption ; minimal corporate taxes and huge subsidies ; minimal jail time for many rich celebrities and corporate thieves ; the US budget deficit )
Making sure the homeless remain homeless ( and out of sight ) -- while also pushing ways to expand their numbers7
( examples : lack of universal healthcare ; harsher personal bankruptcy laws ; a disappearing safety net ; exporting jobs overseas ; ' racing to the bottom ' internationally in terms of worker rights and compensation )
Preventing the deaths of the brain - dead and the suicides of badly suffering , terminally ill people8
( examples : Terri Schiavo ; Jack Kevorkian )
Kids being kids9
( examples : US children ( under eighteens ) being prosecuted , permanently labeled as sex offenders , or even imprisoned for pranks as mild as mooning others , or for being curious about sex )
Preventing the legalized industrial , medical or recreational use of particularly cheap , safe , and effective plants / drugs because that would pose a threat to the profits of huge corporations and global organized crime ( including terrorism ! ) , as well as the election campaign financing of top US politicians .10
( examples : hemp ; marijuana )
The fantasies of cavemen ( sometimes even fictional cavemen ) -- and other threats which historically have n't yet amounted to a hill of beans compared to much more common and prevalent risks -- like workplace hazards , industrial pollution , or auto accidents .
11
( examples : Osama bin Laden ; Abdullah Rashid al - Baghdadi ; the casualty toll from highways , jobs , and environmental toxins )
Still more regarding the insanity of America ( the nation with by far the most weapons of mass destruction on the planet -- and the only country in history to ever use nuclear weapons on others , as of mid-2008 )
Footnotes :
" Kathy would often point out to me that a careful reading of the New Testament made it clear to her that Jesus would have been a Democrat had he been alive today .
After all , he preached about helping the poor and the peaceful resolution of disputes .
In her view , Jesus had little in common with the current day religious right with its preoccupation with abortion , gay rights and stem cell research . "
-- New Book Says Religious Right is Wrong About Christian Values By Martin Frost ; October 02 , 2006 ; foxnews.com
-- Was n't Jesus A Liberal ? by Gary Vance ; October 19 , 2004 ; commondreams.org
" It is shameful that Christians would rally around the physical needs of the poor ... "
-- Pro-Life Group : " It is shameful that Christians would rally around the physical needs of the poor " ; 6.5.2007 ; feministe.us
-- Who would Jesus torture ? ; September 27 , 2006
-- Jerry Falwell , Explained by Jonathan Schwarz ; February 25 , 2005 ; tinyrevolution.com
-- Robertson Says All Other Religions Worship " Demonic Powers " ; November 16 , 2006 ; rightwingwatch.org
" The hard right has no interest in religion except to manipulate it . "
-- Billy Graham On Religious Bigotry citing a 1981 article in Parade .
" As you know the United States is the only industrialized nation that does not have some form of universal health care . "
-- How they do Universal Health in other Countries
-- Aged , Frail and Denied Care by Their Insurers
-- Are you really covered ?
Why 4 in 10 Americans can't depend on their health insurance ; September 2007
" Hospital patients in low income communities often receive second - rate care -- even when they are insured . "
-- The Missing Class : Portraits of the Near Poor in America By Katherine S. Newman and Victor Tan Chen , Beacon Press .
Posted September 6 , 2007 .
When staying alive means going bankrupt Health insurance did n’t keep cancer - stricken California woman solvent By Mike Stuckey ; MSNBC ; Aug. 15 , 2007
" We are Canada 's Mexicans . "
" Even the military , which uses healthcare coverage as a recruitment tool , is welching on its duty to treat illnesses - - even those it causes . "
-- 250,000,000 , INSURED BUT STILL IN TROUBLE
" ... a lot of American citizens cross the border every single day , in groups , to get in Mexico basic medical care like dentists or even , in recent years , laser eye surgery "
-- Throngs of uninsured US patients seek dental care in Mexico by Paula Bustamante ; Oct 5 , 2007 ; news.yahoo.com
-- ' It Is Just Not Walter Reed ' - Soldiers Share Troubling Stories Of Military Health Care Across U.S .
-- For War's Gravely Injured , Challenge to Find Care
-- Most Working Adults Shopping For Individual Insurance Turned Down Or Found It Too Costly , Report Says
-- U.S. spends most but gets mediocre health care
-- QUARTER OF AMERICANS SAY THEY OR FAMILY PUT OFF MEDICAL TREATMENT BECAUSE OF COST
-- Sick but Insured ?
Think Again Lawsuits accuse insurance companies of retroactively dumping families that rack up large bills .
Firms defend their policies , but the state is investigating
-- Insurance fraud
The lack of transparency in the US healthcare industry means insurance companies can abuse patients by denying their claims by Dean Baker June 16 2008
-- Lamborghini Healthcare : Why Billionaires Should n't Determine Health Policy
-- Map of the U.S. showing percentage of people without health insurance in each state
-- Congressional proposals would cover all uninsured , reduce US health spending by up to $ 61B
More modest proposals would cost the federal government less up front , but would insure fewer , save less money for taxpayers over time
-- Fighting Porn Vs. Ruining Innocent Lives
-- Gay Couple 's Kiss Sparks 911 Call in Alabama ;
04/28/2008
" For Republicans , life begins at conception and ends at birth "
-- Abortion :
The hysteria which divides the US
--
The terrorists who are n't in the news Anti-abortion fanatics spread fear by bombings , murders and assaults , but the media take little notice
-- PRESIDENT BUSH VOWS TO PROTECT ONE - CELLED PEOPLE
-- Let 's Face It , Penises Dominate American Politics By Larry Beinhart , BuzzFlash ; October 7 , 2006
-- A possibly NSFW ( not safe for work ) political cartoon relating US military and foreign policy spending to the US President 's manhood .
--
The right - wing cult of contrived masculinity by Glenn Greenwald ; March 6 , 2007 ; salon.com
" To be a billionaire is to be radically free .
You are your own galaxy .
You make your own rules ... "
-- Billionaires Are Free By Vanessa Grigoriadis ; nymag.com
--
What the rich do with their astonishing freedom from taxes
-- Top 20 Largest Cases of Companies Caught For Committing Fraud Against the Government
-- How CEOs Are Robbing America-- And Enriching Themselves by Jonathan Tasini ; April 3 , 2007
-- A landmark in corporate welfare By Mark Lange ; Jul 18 , 2007 ; csmonitor.com
-- Celebs able to skirt prescription laws By Greg Risling , Associated Press ; 2/18/2007
-- Study : 744,000 are homeless in U.S .
-- Need outstrips beds for homeless vets
-- A Dream Denied : The Criminalization of Homelessness in U.S. Cities Narratives of the Meanest Cities
-- Homeless in the US : Underfunded and brutalized
-- Terri Schiavo - Google Search
-- Jack Kevorkian - Google Search
-- Kindergartener Handcuffed , Arrested
-- Four - year - old suspended for hugging teacher 's aid
" Writing " I love Alex " on a school gymnasium wall brought a 12 - year - old the same punishment as if she had made terrorist threats ... "
" Only murder , gun possession , sexual assault and arson are considered more severe by the suburban Houston district . "
-- School graffiti nets 4 - month suspension
-- Boy , 10 , Charged With Making Terroristic Threats
-- School Bans Hugging
-- High School Girl Gets Detention for Hugging her Friends
-- 4 - year - old Accused of Improperly Touching Teacher
-- Girl , 13 , charged as sex offender and victim
-- School accuses 5 - year - old of sex harassment
-- For Little Children , Grown - Up Labels As Sexual Harassers By Brigid Schulte ; April 3 , 2008 ; A01
--
In child - arrest case , the adults are the ones out of control
" More people died last year from eating spinach than smoking pot "
-- Double standard persists on marijuana
-- DEA Judge Recommends End to Government Obstruction of Medical Marijuana Research
-- No ' smoking ' gun --
Research indicates teen marijuana use does not predict drug , alcohol abuse
-- Researchers surprised to find no link between marijuana , lung cancer Study 's findings apply even to heavy pot smokers
-- LSD helps alcoholics put down the botttle
-- How Ending the Drug War and Fewer Prisons Will Reduce Crime
-- Drug War Finances Global Terrorism
How terrorists are getting rich off of our own backward policies
-- Study Finds No Cancer - Marijuana Connection
-- Costs of Marijuana Prohibition : Economic Analysis
-- Drugs : why we should medicalise , not criminalise
-- Dispatches from the Drug War - Homeland Stupidity
-- Johns Hopkins Study : Psychedelics
Work
-- 88 - year - old woman is latest collateral damage in senseless drug war
-- Despite Drug War , Cocaine Purer , Cheaper Drug's Prices Have Dropped From $ 600 Per Gram In 1981 To $ 135 Despite Nearly $ 5 Billion Spent By U.S .
-- Aspirin risk compares to driving cars , study finds
-- Pot Prisoners Cost Americans $ 1 Billion a Year
-- Marijuana is safer than aspirin
" The least toxic drug known to humans is now illegal .
The most toxic is available at Safeway "
-- Drugs and Toxicity
-- It 's Time to Rethink Drug Prohibition
-- The Drug War's Immorality and Abject Failure
-- Marijuana may stave off Alzheimer 's : study
-- Study say marijuana no gateway drug
-- New Study Shows Medical Value of Marijuana
-- Anyone Who Believes America is Winning the Drug War Must Be High
-- Illegal drugs can be harmless , report says
-- A cop is dead , an innocent man may be on death row , and drug warriors keep knocking down doors
" The total number of marijuana arrests in the U.S. for 2005 far exceeded the total number of arrests in the U.S. for all violent crimes combined , including murder , manslaughter , forcible rape , robbery and aggravated assault . "
-- Marijuana Arrests For Year 2005 -- 786,545 Tops Record High ... Pot Smokers Arrested In America At A Rate Of One Every 40 Seconds
-- Alcohol and tobacco are deadlier than ecstasy , report warns
-- Drink ' more harmful than drugs '
" Marijuana is less addictive and less dangerous than Starbuck 's espresso . "
-- Medical Marijuana : The Replacement for Very Dangerous Drugs
-- Stop treating drug users as criminals
-- Former Narcs Say Drug War is Futile
-- New Studies Destroy the Last Objection to Medical Marijuana
" A sensible marijuana policy would save billions of dollars and leave everyone better off "
-- Drug Enforcement Pipe Dreams
" None of this deception , corruption , and abuse is being employed to catch sleeper Al - Qaeda cells , or to catch murderers or serial killers or pedophiles .
It 's being used to stop people from getting high . "
-- Drug War Crimes Kill , Incarcerate Innocent By Radley Balko ; August 14 , 2007
" Now the drug war is undermining Western security throughout the world .
In one particularly revealing conversation , a senior official at the British Foreign Office told me , " I often think we will look back at the War on Drugs in a hundred years ' time and tell the tale of ' The Emperor 's New Clothes . '
This is so stupid . "
How right he is . "
-- The Lost War We 've Spent 36 Years and Billions of Dollars Fighting It , but the Drug Trade Keeps Growing By Misha Glenny ; August 19 , 2007 ; Page B01
-- Two countries took the drugs test .
Who passed ?
In Holland , there is no war on drugs .
They believe this is a social problem , not a criminal one .
And all the evidence suggests that their policy works by David Rose ; The Observer ; February 24 2002
-- Bush 's Imaginary Foes By Dan Froomkin ; September 27 , 2006 ; washingtonpost.com
-- Leader of Al Qaeda group in Iraq was fictional , U.S. military says By Michael R. Gordon ; July 18 , 2007 ; iht.com
-- Qaeda Leader : Fake By Noah Shachtman ; July 18 , 2007 ; blog.wired.com
-- Terrorist Hotbeds 'a Fantasy ' , Says Researcher ; 27 Nov 2006 ; medicalnewstoday.com
-- Terrorized by ' War on Terror ' How a Three - Word Mantra Has Undermined America By Zbigniew Brzezinski ; March 25 , 2007 ; Page B01 ; washingtonpost.com
" Most Europeans , while they dislike attacks , do not obsess about them : they know they are likelier to win the lottery than to be hurt by terrorists . "
-- No time for terror While White House stokes hysteria , Brits and Europeans barely flinch at bombings By GWYNNE DYER ; JULY 5 - 11 , 2007 ; nowtoronto.com
-- Terrorphobia -
Our false sense of insecurity by John Mueller , 5-3-08
" We will not be terrified into changing our way of life because of some guy [ Osama bin Laden ] hiding in a cave somewhere in Afghanistan . "
Colin Powell slams Bush might vote for Obama ; Former U.S. secretary of state says presidential voting decision will be based on passion and policies Doug Ward , Vancouver Sun ; June 13 , 2008
" ... 245,000 Americans have died because of one specific threat since 9/11 , and no one seems to care .
While the tragedy of 3,000 lives lost on 9/11 has justified two wars , in which thousands of U.S. soldiers made the ultimate sacrifice , the tragedy of 245,000 lives lost in traffic accidents on the nation 's roads during the same period has justified . . . pretty much no response at all . "
-- Road kill
Why are we so worried about terrorism when so many more people are dying on our highways ?
By Gregg Easterbrook August 5 , 2007 ; latimes.com
-- Murder in America : 100,000 murdered since 2001 by murrayewv ; Aug 13 , 2007 ; dailykos.com
-- Flu , hernia , or police more likely to kill you than Al Qaeda ; September 17 , 2006 ; boingboing.net
-- Peanuts Kill More Americans Than Terrorists by Paul Joseph Watson ; January 5 , 2007 ; prisonplanet.com
-- Bloomberg On JFK Plot : ' Stop Worrying , Get A Life ' by Marcia Kramer ; Jun 5 , 2007 ; wcbstv.com
-- Putting 9/11 into perspective
The attacks were a horrible act of mass murder , but history says we 're overreacting .
By David A. Bell January 28 , 2007 ; latimes.com
-- 9/11 was bad , but ...
The attacks were appalling , but they do n't pose the threat politicians make them out to be .
by Rosa Brooks ; April 27 , 2007 ; latimes.com
-- Do n't Be Terrorized
You 're more likely to die of a car accident , drowning , fire , or murder Ronald Bailey | August 11 , 2006
As I ’ve mentioned in previous articles , I ’m a big fan of weight lifting , but by no means am I like Arnold or Ronnie ( Ronnie Coleman ) .
Weight lifting has definitely changed my life .
Ask any person who has taken up weight lifting and you will get the same response .
I guarantee it .
So why should every man lift weights ?
Testosterone .
Testosterone .
Yes , that one hormone that literally defines our masculinity .
Biologically speaking , the root definition of being a man is simply having lots of testosterone .
All human fetuses are set by default to develop into a female , but only when they are flooded with testosterone does that fetus become male .
Now , I know that mainstream society has cast a bad light on testosterone .
When we hear the word , we think of crazy , angry , uncontrollable males who go into fits of rage and punch the daylights out of each other while breaking furniture at the local bar .
Sadly , the maxim that states that it only takes a few rotten apples to spoil the bunch is true in this case .
The problem with these men is that they have too much the testosterone and can’t control it .
It controls them .
Then , you got the guys on the other end of the scale , who have very little testosterone .
You can tell who these guys are .
They ’re the ones who are not quite male and not quite female .
It seems that all the life has been sucked out of them and they behave like docile cows .
They ’re too afraid of doing anything and live a mediocre life .
You definitely do n’t want to become like them .
Let ’s take a look at some of their qualities .
Depression
Irritability
Fatigue
Inability to concentrate
Easily weak and tired
Difficulty coping with stress
Sleep disorder
These are all symptoms of low testosterone .
Do you really think that you can achieve your goals and dreams if you have any of the above symptoms ?
I seriously doubt it .
Would you be able to achieve your goals and dreams if you had the exact opposite of the above symptoms ?
Absolutely .
How can we do so ?
By increasing testosterone levels .
Testosterone helps you achieve your goals period .
How can we increase testosterone levels ?
By lifting weights and gradually increasing the resistance on a consistent basis .
The following are the benefits I have reaped from sticking to a consistent program of weight training .
I hope it will encourage those who have been sitting on the fence about this or have not considered making it a part of their lifestyle .
If you are currently not doing this , you ’re missing out on one of the biggest investments of your life .
I kid you not .
Enough talk ; on with the benefits ( in no particular order ) .
Improved concentration and focus .
When I workout , gone are the days when I would be passive and do a little bit of one thing and then move on to another thing , do a little bit of that , and then listen to some music , maybe surf the net or watch TV , and come back and do a little bit of it more , etc .
Instead , I would stay focused on the task at hand and complete it on the spot .
This habit was instilled through my consistent program of weight lifting .
When you pick up that weight , you ’re focused on completing x number of reps per set .
Nothing else matters .
Nothing else has your focus .
It ’s just you and the weight .
You lift it once , twice , three times , four times , the muscle is burning , you ’re becoming fatigued , five , six , seven , eight , and then you muster everything inside of you to get that last rep , nine , and then you pull even more from within you that you did not think you had possible , ten .
You do n’t lift once , twice , stop , get a drink of water , talk with the boys , go to the bathroom , and then do three , four , then change the song on your ipod , five , six , stretch , take a break , seven , eight , make a call , nine , ten .
No .
You go through the whole set on the spot till you finish period .
You will find this skill to be very useful .
A lot of people get distracted when it comes to focusing on a task , but by lifting weights , you learn to cancel out all distractions and focus on you and the weight .
That ’s it .
If you ’ve watched the Legend of Bagger Vance , this same piece of advice is given to Matt Damon to help with his golf game .
Just focus on you and the hole .
Erase all the other distractions .
The noise , the people , the competition .
It ’s just you and the hole .
Laser - like focus on completing a task from start to finish is one great by - product of lifting weights .
Sleep like a baby
Whenever I lift , I get quality sleep .
I do n’t have any trouble sleeping at night .
Forget about the warm milk , forget about counting sheep jumping over the fence , forget about sleeping pills , just lift .
Lifting weights is the cure for all insomnia .
And because I sleep like a baby , I… .
Wake up early
Whenever I lift , I always wake up early and refreshed .
Gone are the days where I would open my eyes , hit the snooze , and sleep one more hour .
If you want to wake up early , pick up the weights .
It ’s that simple .
Getting up early is also a big time benefit .
When the world is sleeping , that ’s when you can take the most action for your goals .
It ’s nice and quiet .
It ’s a perfect time to visualize , to meditate , to count your blessings , etc .
You can read that self improvement book , you can brainstorm ideas , and get a TON done if you wake up early .
It ’s a huge benefit .
It ’s also a good time to lift as well .
Energy
Weight lifting gives me so much energy .
Energy to go the extra mile .
Energy to take the weights to the next level .
Energy to accomplish my goals .
Energy to do anything I wish .
You can literally feel the energy coursing through your veins throughout the day .
It ’s a great feeling .
It ’s like igniting jet fuel .
It ’s that good .
Happiness
Whenever I feel the blues coming , there ’s nothing like hitting the weights to bring me back up .
I can thank my endorphins for that .
Whenever I feel down , the very first question I ask myself is if I had lifted recently .
The answer is always no .
The solution ?
Lift .
Problem solved .
Works EVERY time .
Guaranteed .
Mental toughness
If you read Teddy Roosevelt ’s autobiography , you will see the direct correlation between mental toughness and physical training .
He made it a point to exercise every day .
He boxed , climbed mountains , lifted weights , etc. , on a consistent basis .
I urge you to take a look at all the things that Teddy Roosevelt has accomplished .
I guarantee you that his dedication to physical training was a major cause of getting them done .
Because of his physical conditioning , he was able to focus , he got things done , he was always happy , he woke up early , and he had a ton of energy .
Sound familiar ?
Another example of mental toughness in one word : Arnold .
Enough said .
Lifting weights and upping the resistance every so often builds your ability to handle bigger things .
When you can lift a measly 5 pounds more than the last time , it ’s a huge accomplishment .
It may not seem like a lot , but it is .
Every weight lifter knows what I ’m talking about .
Lifting strengthens the psychosomatic link between mind and body .
When the body is strong , so will the mind be .
Lifting also helps you train your mind to summon all your strength to lift that last rep when you do n’t think you can .
I cannot tell you how helpful this has been to me when there were times when I did n’t think I could accomplish my goals , even though I was so close to doing it .
Lifting has conditioned me to dig deep and go that extra inch , and you will find that in life , it makes all the difference .
Great habit
When you start lifting weights and begin to see all the positive benefits , there ’s no going back .
The benefits will drive you to keep on doing it , which continues the cycle , which then inevitably installs a great habit .
You ’ll feel more happy , energetic , focused , tough , accomplished and you wo n’t want to let go of the cause .
Males today , ( in American society at least ) , sit in cubicles all day and then go home and sit in front of the TV or computer .
If they ’re hungry , they get in a car , sit again in a seat , go to Carls Jr. to get a double western bacon cheeseburger combo , supersized , with a strawberry cheesecake .
Then , they come back home and sit down again .
Or even worse , they do n’t even get up all .
They just call Pizza Hut .
This lifestyle fosters a habitual lack of exercise , which in turn contributes to low testosterone and a low quality of life .
Build the testosterone by consistently lifting weights and upping the resistance till you become like a bull and charge your way through life knocking down every obstacle and wall on the path toward your dreams .
You wo n’t regret it .
I guarantee it .
* Note : If you want more information on lifting weights in order to build muscle and lose fat , two things that are conducive to increasing testosterone in the body , check out Tom Venuto ’s book Burn the Fat , Feed the Muscle .
A month ago while playing Final Fantasy XII , I fought my way to Tiamat , a vicious , huge - clawed dragon – and could n't get past her .
No matter how many ways I threw my team at the beast , she ripped us to ribbons .
Screw it .
I decided to check an online FAQ for some hints defeating this thing .
" That 's cheating , " a friend of mine scoffed .
" Really ? " I wondered .
Personally , I 've always figured that using a FAQ might be lame – like reading the Cliff 's Notes version of War and Peace – but it is n't cheating .
It 's not like I 'm hacking the game with a Game Genie to illicitly acquire extra lives , right ?
We never agreed on it .
But our argument reminded me of something quite interesting : Video - game players often hold radically different views on what constitutes cheating .
Today 's digital fare represents the first time we 've argued about the precise meaning of cheating .
It did n't used to be so hard to figure out .
Johann Huizinga , one of the first big philosophers of ludology – the study of play – defined cheating as when you pretend to obey the rules of the game but secretly subvert them to gain advantage over another player .
In traditional games , it 's usually obvious .
Stuffing an ace up your sleeve in poker , slathering a baseball in spit , moving the chess pieces when your opponent goes to the bathroom ?
Yeah , that 's cheating .
Today 's multiplayer games – like Unreal online – are pretty similar to the old - school stuff .
If somebody uses an illicit aimbot to give themselves perfect targeting ability , most gamers agree that 's unfair .
But where things get super weird is with single - player video games .
What exactly are the " rules " in a single - player game , anyway ?
You 're not competing against another human – you 're battling the computer , and , in a sense , yourself .
On top of that , the game industry has actually co-opted the idea of " cheats " – by hiding secret power - ups inside the games that publishers slowly , teasingly leak to the public as a marketing tactic .
( They also collaborate on the creation of walkthroughs and game guides . )
And then there are hardware hacks – like the Game Genie – which game designers do n't particularly like , but which are n't illegal by law ... so what are they ?
Confronted with this bewildering array of possible and permissible behavior , gamers have become almost Talmudic in staking out different stances .
Mia Consalvo , a game academic at Ohio University , interviewed dozens of players about their attitudes – which she 'll publish in the book , Cheating , this summer – and found that we cluster into a couple of loose groups , each with a different ethical vision .
A small hardcore group are die - hard purists , like my friend .
They do n't use any cheats or guides , because they consider it " cheating yourself " of the subtle pleasure of getting stuck in a game – then suddenly spying the way out .
The next group is the walkthrough folks , like me .
We regard guides as a form of travel literature ; I 'd never have located all the cool , secret areas in Final Fantasy XII without a FAQ .
( In contrast , the hardcore crowd seems to relish the idea that they 'll miss out on stuff , because it 's part of the mystery of game . )
But I almost never use cheats or manipulations of code to grant myself " unearned " power .
I like the idea that if I 'm born into this virtual world , I 'll abide by the fictions that govern its reality .
Then there 's the final group of gamers – the " by any means necessary " crowd , as it were .
Like the ancient gnostics , or like Morpheus in The Matrix , they know the world around them is just code – and the fun is not in obeying it but mucking with it .
Single - player worlds are toys , to be hacked with any available Easter eggs , exploits or hardware mods ; you can't have the truly l33t experiences if you 're not tricked out with sick amounts of weaponry and skillz .
From this view , cheating a single - player game is n't possible because , as one interviewee told Consalvo , " you ca n't cheat a Gamecube – you can only cheat another player . "
If part of the goal in a narrative game is to finish the story , what 's wrong with using any tool at hand to do so ?
I personally do n't agree with the free - for - all position ; I think self - imposed limits are what make a game a game .
But this is the ultimately cool thing about the cheating debate :
It 's a form of moral philosophy .
When I haggle with friends about single - player cheating , it 's like arguing over different conceptions of sin .
Can you commit a bad act when you 're alone , in a room ?
Is morality limited to one 's bad behavior to others , or does it extend to one 's bad behavior to oneself ?
These are the sorts of debates over justice that we humans love to engage in , but frequently do n't – because they usually crop up in domains like politics or religion , where we 're afraid of offending others by seeming too puritan or too libertine .
But when it comes to cheating ?
Let it fly !
Games are the perfect philosophical métier , because they 're both supremely meaningless and meaningful – they 're " just " entertainment , yet they plunge such deep existential hooks into us that we 'll argue over them until the sun explodes .
And , of course , being human we do n't always stick to our own moral codes .
When hard - core purists hit an unsolvable level , they 'll sneak a peek at a game guide .
Every once in a while I 'll get sick of merely reading about a cool region I can't reach – and go all Konami Code to get there .
Clive Thompson is a contributing writer for The New York Times Magazine and a regular contributor to Wired and New York magazines .
Look for more of Clive 's observations on his blog , collision detection .
Comment on this article .
You Grew Up Playing Shoot'em - Up Games .
Why Can't Your Kids ?
Playing the Master Race
Top 10 Most Influential Amiga Games
Eighties Video Games Get the Artsy Fartsy Treatment
Wired News : Game|Life
WASHINGTON – Anyone who thinks poker is n't a game of skill should see Boy Wonder playing Texas hold 'em online from his D.C. apartment .
The 24 - year - old sharp starts with six tables .
Then eight , then 11 .
He folds .
He checks .
He raises .
New windows pop up on his monitor like whack - a- moles .
Boy Wonder does n't even break a sweat .
This is a job to him .
Well , it was a job .
Last Monday , he laid down his poker career to become an internet consultant .
His roommate , Johnny CIA , had already done the same thing .
They 're hardly alone .
A law passed last September by Congress outlawing financial transactions between online casinos and American banks and credit card companies has had a profound effect on the poker players in the United States .
In less than a year , according to players and industry insiders , the Unlawful Internet Gambling Enforcement Act ( UIGEA ) has pushed online poker into the shadows and saddled a national pastime with a prohibition - like status that many compare to the booze ban in the 1920s .
" There was mass panic when the legislation came out , " says Boy Wonder , who asked to be identified only by his screen name because he fears the IRS might target him .
" ( The Act ) scared away the novice . "
The novice used to pay the rent for Boy Wonder , who started playing poker full - time after graduating from Haverford College in 2005 .
He earned around $ 1,000 a week playing in $ 1/2 and $ 2/4 limit games , which specify the amount a player can bet during rounds of play .
But now the game is more trouble to him than it 's worth .
" It 's unstable , " he says .
Some major sites such as PartyPoker.com ban Americans altogether .
But others like PokerStars.com and FullTiltPoker.com do n't , and determined players have found ways around the legal impediments .
Boy Wonder and Johnny CIA describe pre-paid VISA debit cards sold through foreign middlemen that allow Americans to pay online casinos .
Some gamblers bankroll friends that have existing credit .
Americans can also set up offshore bank accounts or sign up for foreign credit cards .
Some use phone cards .
There are many ways to keep playing .
Many are legally dubious .
In January , the FBI arrested the Canadian founders of NETeller , an online money transfer service based in the Isle of Man that was popular among poker players .
Last week , a federal grand jury in Salt Lake City charged seven people and four companies with bank fraud , money laundering and racketeering for concealing money transfers for gamblers playing online .
" You 've created a whole criminal culture , " says former New York Sen. Al D'Amato .
D'Amato is the chairman of the Poker Player 's Alliance , a 500,000 - member grassroots group of poker enthusiasts working to overturn last year 's law .
Instead of controlling and licensing the industry , D'Amato believes , UIGEA has only created the conditions for shady operators to flourish outside the reach of law .
" Just like prohibition , " he says .
Equally troubling to D'Amato and a growing group of federal lawmakers is that UIGEA , which then - Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist ( R - Tennessee ) tacked on to a port security bill in the dead of night , gives the government too much control over the personal liberties of citizens in a digital age .
" The fundamental issue here is a matter of individual freedom , " Rep. Barney Frank ( D - Massachusetts ) said at a news conference last month .
Frank introduced a bill that would re-legalize online poker and gambling and regulate the industry , requiring that all gaming sites build technological safeguards to prevent underage and compulsive gambling , crack down on cheating and protect user privacy .
Better sites already use this technology , but lawmakers believe that without oversight , dishonest services will emerge , and the government will divert important resources to stop Americans from gambling on them .
Legalizing online gambling under a federal umbrella could raise around $ 3.5 billion a year in tax revenue , according to the Poker Player 's Alliance .
It might also get the U.S. out of hot water internationally .
In March , the World Trade Organization ruled that America 's online gambling ban has unfairly closed U.S. markets to offshore casinos .
The U.S. Trade Representative 's
Office fought the ruling by arguing that restrictions on remote gambling were needed to protect American morals , but that argument fell apart when the WTO noted that the U.S. allows online betting on horse racing , which is supported by a powerful lobby and managed to carve out an exemption from UIGEA .
The WTO ruling clears the way for lawsuits from online gaming countries such as Antigua and Barbuda or even the United Kingdom .
Frank 's is not the only proposal that puts online poker back on the table .
Rep. Bob Wexler ( D - Florida ) is drafting more narrowly - crafted legislation focused specifically on games like poker , mahjong and bridge that many players believe have been unfairly lumped with games of chance like roulette and craps .
Indeed , a number of states already allow high - skill versions of poker such as Texas hold 'em , Omaha Hi Lo and seven - card stud , even if federal law does not .
" We 're looking at a standalone bill that would specifically identify poker and allow that and similar games without restriction online , " says Josh Rogin , Wexler 's press secretary .
Another measure , introduced May 3 by Rep. Shelley Berkley ( D - Nevada ) , would commission a National Academies study to look into online gambling issues and other countries ' regulatory frameworks .
" If we banned every activity that someone had an issue with , that 's all we'd be doing , " says David Cherry , Berkley 's spokesman .
" We 're setting up a cat - and - mouse game . "
Cherry describes current U.S. law as " Swiss cheese . "
D'Amato , who grew up playing poker , is n't as gentle : " We talk about fair trade and free trade .
We talk about individual rights .
We 're sanctimonious hypocrites . "
For now , though , online poker players have been handed , as they say in the business , a bad beat .
Stars like Chris Moneymaker and Greg Raymer cut their teeth in online poker rooms , then crossed over to win world championships in live tournaments .
Their success fueled the growth of the industry .
But today 's aspiring sharks have had to temper similar dreams .
At least for one more night , however , Boy Wonder is in the clear .
He 's got trip tens and a fat fish on the line .
He clicks .
He bets .
He wins .
I gave a presentation called I18n , M17n , Unicode , And All That at the recent 2006 RubyConf in Denver .
This piece does n’t duplicate this presentation ; it outlines the problem , some conference conversation , and includes a couple of images that you might want to steal and use in a future Unicode presentation .
For those who do n’t know , “ i18n ” is short for “ internationalization ” ( i - 18 letters - n ) , “ m17n ” for “ multilingualization ” , and you can call me “ T1 m ” .
Background ·
The object of my presentation was to argue , to the Ruby community and its leadership , that I18n in general and Unicode in particular are really important technologies which deserve to be taken quite a bit more seriously than they currently are .
My 45 minutes included 20 or so introducing Unicode concepts and issues ; I was a little worried that this might be old hat , but when I asked for a show of hands from people who thought they understood Unicode , damn few went up .
So I guess this was OK .
From that part of the presentation , here are a couple of pretty graphics illustrating the structure and layout of the Unicode character set .
The Problem · Right now , Ruby sees a String as a byte sequence , and does n’t provide much in the way of character - oriented , as opposed to byte - oriented , functions .
Also , it has very little built - in knowledge of Unicode semantics , aside from a few UTF - 8 packing and unpacking capabilities , and some rudimentary regular expression support .
Up till now , this has n’t been seen as an urgent problem .
A solution has been promised in Ruby 2 ( due next year , maybe ) ; Matz calls it M17n and has made some general remarks in speeches but has n’t published much in the way of code or documentation .
When I was preparing this talk , I sent email off to the Unicode people saying “ Hey , I ’m going to be plugging your baby to an eager audience of a few hundred eager programmers , want to send me some advertising ? ”
They sent me some leaflets , but also a pre-release bound copy of the Unicode 5.0 manuscript .
All the previous versions of Unicode have been impressive and beautiful books , and it looks like 5.0 will carry on the tradition .
Before my presentation , I was at the front of the room getting set and talking to Matz , who was a little worried , I think , that I ’d come in raining fire and brimstone on all those who are not members of the Church of Unicode .
I got the 5.0 book out and told the organizers they could raffle it off ( then an idea struck ) “... unless Matz wants it ” and he did , so he has it now .
Some Progress · I had a talk over lunch with Matz and he made a couple of pretty good points .
First , for operating on the Web , you just gotta do Unicode because it ’s an inherently multilingual place and Unicode is the only plausible way to deal with texts that combine characters from lots of different languages .
But for people who are using Ruby to process their own data on their own computers , compulsory Unicode round - tripping could be a real problem , because it can cause breakage .
For example , take currency - symbols .
In Japan , there is ambiguity in the JIS encodings as to where the ¥ ( Yen ) symbol goes ; anyone who ’s used a Japanese keyboard and seen a “ ¥ ” pop up when you hit the “ \ ” key knows about this .
There ’s another problem right here in our own round - eye gringo back yard ; namely the blurring of the border between two immensely popular encodings , ISO - 8859 - 1 and Microsoft Windows 1252 .
Sam Ruby ’s Survival Guide to I18n ( from 2004 ) covers these issues ; also see a couple of slides starting here , Copy and Paste , and Mozilla bug 121174 comment # 23 .
So the problem with Ruby is , how do we make it easy and effortless for the zillions of people who really need Unicode to Just Work , while at the same time allowing others to avoid the potential round - trip breakage .
I do n’t know the answer , but lots of people are looking at the problem , along with Matz .
Julian Tarkhanov and Manfred Stienstra have been working on ActiveSupport : : MultiByte ( get it from Edge Rails ) , Nikolai Weibull on the character - encodings project , and the JRuby guys are trying to build Ruby on a platform that ’s natively Unicode .
Salman Rushdie is not the problem .
Muslims are .
Islam , Salman Rushdie
Source
( Listed if other than Religion News Blog )
June 21 , 2007 Opinion
Irshad Manji
www.timesonline.co.uk
The Times , UKJune 21 , 2007 OpinionIrshad Manji
More About This Subject
This post was last updated : Friday , May 9 , 2014 at 2:27 PM , Central European Time ( CET )
Second madam comes forward to ' defend ' GOP senator , saying he paid call girls $ 300 / hour
David Vitter , R- Louisiana , has allegedly used the services of a well known DC Madam in New Orleans , reports CNN .
Jeanette Maier , known as the Canal Street madam of New Orleans .
She says she knew Vitter to be one of the " nicest and most honorable men that I ever met . "
Vitter has recently admitted using the services of the DC Madam , Deborah Jeane Palfrey .
Larry Flynt of Hustler Magazine claims that Vitter exposed himself after Flynt 's magazine asked him to explain why his phone number repeatedly appeared on the DC Madam 's phone records .
Larry Flynt is scheduled to have a press conference at 5 PM ET today .
Flynt promises to release more details of the Vitter scandal .
The following video is from CNN's American Morning and Fox 's Fox & Friends , broadcast on July 11 .
Claim : Woman calls police because a fast food outlet wo n’t make a cheeseburger the way she wants it .
UNDETERMINED
Example : [ Collected on the Internet , 2005 ]
NOTE : The following is a transcript of an audio file .
Click here to listen to the original recording .
Dispatcher : Sheriff ’s department , how can I help you ?
Woman : Yeah , I ’m over here . . .
I ’m over here at Burger King right here in San Clemente .
* Dispatcher : Uh -huh .
Woman :
Um , no , not San Clemente ; I ’m sorry , I live in San Clemente .
I ’m in Laguna Niguel , I
think , that ’s where I ’m at .
Dispatcher : Uh -huh .
Woman : I ’m at a drive - through right now .
Dispatcher : Uh -huh .
Woman : I went . . .
I ordered my food three times .
They ’re mopping the floor inside , and I understand they ’re busy . . . they ’re not even busy , okay , I ’ve been the only car here .
I asked them four different times to make me a Western Barbeque Burger .
Okay , they keep giving me a hamburger with lettuce , tomato , and cheese , onions , and I said , “ I ’m not leaving . . . ” Dispatcher : Uh -huh .
Woman : I want a Western Burger because I just got my kids from Tae Kwon Do , they ’re hungry , I ’m on my way home , and I live in San Clemente .
Dispatcher : Uh -huh .
Woman : Okay . . . she said , she gave me another hamburger ; it ’s wrong .
I said four times , I said , “ I want it to go .
Can you go out and park in front ? ”
I said , “ No , I want my hamburger right . ”
So then the . . . the lady came to the manager .
She . . . well whoever she is , she came up and she said , um , she said , um , “ Do you want your money back ?
”
And I said , “ No , I want my hamburger .
My kids are hungry and I have to jump on that toll freeway . ”
I said , “ I am not leaving this spot , ” and I said , “ I will call the police , ” because I want my Western Burger done right !
Now is that so hard ?
Dispatcher : Okay , what exactly is it you want us to do for you ?
Woman : I . . . send an officer down here .
I . . .
I want them to make me . . .
Dispatcher : Ma’am , we ’re not gonna go down there and enforce your Western Bacon Cheeseburger .
Woman :
What am I supposed to do ?
Dispatcher : This is . . . this is between you and the manager .
We ’re not gonna go and enforce how to make a hamburger ; that ’s not a criminal issue .
There ’s . . . there ’s nothing criminal there .
Woman :
So I just stand here . . . so I just sit here and [ block ] ?
Dispatcher : You . . . you need to calmly and rationally speak to the manager and figure out what to do between you .
Woman :
She did come up , and I said , “ Can I please have my Western Burger ? ”
She . . . she said , “ I ’m not dealing with it , ” and she walked away .
Because they ’re mopping the floor , and it ’s also the fact that they do n’t want to . . . they do n’t want to go through there . . . and . . . and . . .
Dispatcher : Ma’am , then I suggest you get your money back and go somewhere else .
This is . . . this is not a criminal issue .
We ca n’t go out there and make them make you a cheeseburger the way you want it .
Woman : Well . . . that is . . . that . . . you ’re supposed to be here to protect me .
Dispatcher : Well , what are we protecting you from , a wrong cheeseburger ?
Woman : No . . .
Dispatcher :
Is this like . . . is this a harmful cheeseburger or something ?
I do n’t understand what you want us to do .
Woman : Just come down here .
I ’m not . . .
I ’m not leaving .
Dispatcher :
No ma’am , I ’m not sending the deputies down there over a cheeseburger .
You need to go in there and act like an adult and either get your money back or go home .
Woman :
She is not acting like an adult herself !
I ’m sitting here in my car ; I just want them to make my kids a . . . a Western Burger .
Dispatcher : Ma’am , this is what I suggest : I suggest you get your money back from the manager and you go on your way home .
Woman : Okay .
Dispatcher : Okay ?
Bye - bye .
(* We ’re aware that the Western Bacon Cheeseburger is a menu item offered by Carl ’s Jr. , not Burger King .
The caller either misidentified the type of burger she was trying to order or misstated the name of the restaurant .
Both chains have outlets in Laguna Niguel , and Burger King has periodically promoted a Western Whopper burger . )
Origins :
Anyone who has worked a police or emergency services dispatch line can attest that some callers just do n’t seem to have a very good grasp of what kinds of situations constitute valid emergencies , or even what sort of problems fall within the purview of law enforcement or emergency rescue services .
People call 911 for assistance in such matters as needing help with
homework , clogged toilets , and non-functioning smoke detectors , to try to find out the latest sports scores and lottery results , to report broken televisions and cable outages , to seek assistance in locating lost pets , and to report all sorts of minor medical ailments .
The call transcribed above is one such example : a woman phones the Orange County Sheriff ’s Department from the drive - through window of a fast food restaurant because she just ca n’t get the uncooperative employees there to make the kind of hamburger she wants .
The results are all the more amusing in this case because even though dispatchers generally dispose of non-emergency and misdirected calls as quickly as feasible in order to keep the phone lines clear for legitimate calls , this one stays on the phone with the irate woman for two and a half minutes — during which period the caller fulfills all the stereotypes of the narcissistic , pompous , self - absorbed Orange County soccer mom as she berates the restaurant employees for screwing up her kids ’ order and ignoring her , and the dispatcher for refusing to send an officer out to deal with the situation ( a reasonable expectation , she maintains , because the police are “ supposed to be here to protect me ” ) .
The bemused dispatcher handles the call with aplomb ( and a touch of sarcasm ) , repeatedly informing the exasperated woman that a dispute over the proper preparation of a hamburger is not a criminal issue and therefore not an appropriate matter in which to involve the sheriff ’s department :
Dispatcher : Ma’am , then I suggest you get your money back and go somewhere else .
This is . . . this is not a criminal issue .
We ca n’t go out there and make them make you a cheeseburger the way you want it .
Dispatcher : Ma’am , then I suggest you get your money back and go somewhere else .
Thisthis is not a criminal issue .
We ca n’t go out there and make them make you a cheeseburger the way you want it .
Woman : Well . . . that is . . . that . . . you ’re supposed to be here to protect me .
Dispatcher : Well , what are we protecting you from , a wrong cheeseburger ?
Woman : No . . .
Dispatcher :
Is this like . . . is this a harmful cheeseburger or something ?
I do n’t understand what you want us to do .
After being
told that she needs to “ act like an adult , ” the infuriated caller petulantly insists that the restaurant manager is “ not acting like an adult herself , ” but the soapbox is yanked out from beneath her when the dispatcher finally gives her a stern brush - off and ends the call .
Since the question on everyone ’s minds is “ Is this for real ? ” we called the Orange County Sheriff ’s Department ( OCSD ) and spoke to a couple of folks at the Public Affairs Office .
They were a bit busy to speak with us at length ( evidently matters such as homicides and escaped prisoners take priority over media inquiries about irate fast food patrons ) , but they told us the recording is an actual call that was handled by an OCSD dispatcher about two years ago .
We ’re leaving this entry ’s status as “ undetermined ” because the fact that the recording is genuine does n’t necessarily mean it was on the level .
Was the caller really a harried mother with an overinflated sense of entitlement , or was she a prankster pulling one over on the sheriff ’s department for the sake of a laugh ?
Since no one responded to the call , we may never know .
Additional information :
“ Food 911 ” recording
Updated at 12:35 a.m. EDT , July 23 , 2007
At least 78 Iraqis were killed or found dead and 69 Iraqis were wounded in various incidents .
An attack at a meeting near Taji left a number of Sunni leaders dead or injured .
No foreign casualties were reported .
In Baghdad , 21 unidentified bodies were found dumped in various locations .
A motorcycle bomb parked near Khulani Square killed two and wounded 20 others .
A police brigadier was killed in Ur , and the body of a police captain was found in Bayaa .
In al - Amin , one civilian was killed and five were wounded during a roadside bombing .
Two people were injured during a roadside bombing in New Baghdad .
Gunmen killed one person and wounded two more near the airport .
Two police commandos were injured during an attack in Doura .
Also in the capital , mortars killed two and wounded five at a housing complex .
Near the al - Sadeer hotel , mortars injured two more people .
Mortars also fell in Sadr City , Hurriyah , Bab al - Muadham and Sheikh Maarouf but caused no injuries .
One civilian was killed and two were injured when mortars fell in the Bab al - Sharqi marketplace .
Five Sunni tribal leaders were killed and 12 were wounded when a suicide bomber drove a minivan packed with explosives into a house in Jurf al - Milih , which is near Taji .
The group had spoken with local Shi’ite leaders on Friday and were now discussing joining Iraqi and U.S. troops in battling al - Qaeda elements .
Iraq army troops killed five militants in different parts of the country .
A policeman was gunned down in Shanafiya .
In Iskandariya , mortars killed two people and wounded four others .
Five bodies were found on Saturday .
Late yesterday , a woman was killed and a child wounded during a mortar attack .
An Iraqi translator for U.S. forces was shot and killed in Kut .
Late yesterday , a policeman was killed .
One policeman was killed and another wounded during a drive - by shooting in Binaa al - Jahiz .
A U.S. humvee was blasted in Mussayab , but the number of casualties is unknown .
Five bodies were discovered in separate areas near Hilla .
West of Basra in al - Qibla , a hand grenade was tossed at a home , killing one person and wounding his two sisters .
In Mosul , nine people were killed and four injured during separate attacks .
Two more were killed last night .
Six delivery men were killed when their trucks were attacked on the Khanqeen - Buhriz highway .
A mortar struck a car in al - Mashtal , killing two and wounding five others yesterday .
Mortars fell on Kanaan yesterday , but no casualties were reported .
Compiled by Margaret Griffis
Hardly articulate , the tiny strangleweed , a pale parasitic plant , can sense the presence of friends , foes , and food , and make adroit decisions on how to approach them .
Mustard weed , a common plant with a six - week life cycle , can't find its way in the world if its root - tip statolith - a starchy " brain " that communicates with the rest of the plant - is cut off .
The ground - hugging mayapple plans its growth two years into the future , based on computations of weather patterns .
And many who visit the redwoods of the Northwest come away awed by the trees ' survival for millenniums - a journey that , for some trees , precedes the Parthenon .
As trowel - wielding scientists dig up a trove of new findings , even those skeptical of the evolving paradigm of " plant intelligence " acknowledge that , down to the simplest magnolia or fern , flora have the smarts of the forest .
Some scientists say they carefully consider their environment , speculate on the future , conquer territory and enemies , and are often capable of forethought - revelations that could affect everyone from gardeners to philosophers .
Indeed , extraordinary new findings on how plants investigate and respond to their environments are part of a sprouting debate over the nature of intelligence itself .
" The attitude of people is changing quite substantially , " says Anthony Trewavas , a plant
biochemist at the University of Edinburgh in Scotland and a prominent scholar of plant intelligence .
" The idea of intelligence is going from the very narrow view that it 's just human to something that 's much more generally found in life . "
To be sure , there are no signs of Socratic logic or Shakespearean thought , and the subject of plant " brains " has sparked heated exchanges at botany conferences .
Plants , skeptics scoff , surely do n't fall in love , bake soufflés , or ponder poetry .
And can a simple reaction to one 's environment truly qualify as active , intentional reasoning ?
But the late Nobel Prize - winning plant geneticist Barbara McClintock called plant cells " thoughtful . "
Darwin wrote about root - tip " brains . "
Not only can plants communicate with each other and with insects by coded gas exhalations , scientists say now , they can perform Euclidean geometry calculations through cellular computations and , like a peeved boss , remember the tiniest transgression for months .
To a growing number of biologists , the fact that plants are now known to challenge and exert power over other species is proof of a basic intellect .
" If intelligence is the capacity to acquire and apply knowledge , then , absolutely , plants are intelligent , " agrees Leslie Sieburth , a biologist at the University of Utah in Salt Lake City .
For philosophers , one of the key findings is that two cuttings , or clones , taken from the same " mother plant " behave differently even when planted in identical conditions .
" We now know there 's an ability of self - recognition in plants , which is highly unusual and quite extraordinary that it 's actually there , " says Dr. Trewavas .
" But why has no one come to grips with it ?
Because the prevailing view of a plant , even among plant biologists , is that it 's a simple organism that grows reproducibly in a flower pot . "
But here at the labs on the North Carolina State campus , where fluorescent grow - rooms hold genetic secrets and laser microscopes parse the inner workings of live plants , there is still skepticism about the ability of ordinary houseplants to intellectualize their environment .
Most plant biologists are still looking at the mysteries of " signal transduction , " or how genetic , chemical , and hormonal orders are dispersed for complex plant behavior .
But skeptics say it 's less a product of intelligence than mechanical directives , more genetic than genius .
Some see the attribution of intelligence to plants as relative - an oversimplification of a complex human trait .
And despite intensifying research , exactly how a plant 's complex orders are formulated and carried out remains draped in leafy mystery .
" There is still much that we do not know about how plants work , but a big part of intelligence is self - consciousness , and plants do not have that , " says Heike Winter Sederoff , a plant biologist at N.C. State .
Still , a new NASA grant awarded to the university to study gravitational effects on crop plants came in part due to new findings that plants have neurotransmitters very similar to humans ' - capable , perhaps , of offering clues on how gravity affects more sentient beings .
The National Science Foundation has awarded a $ 5 million research grant to pinpoint the molecular clockwork by which plants know when to grow and when to flower .
The new field of plant neurobiology holds its first conference - The First Symposium on Plant Neurobiology - in May in Florence , Italy .
The debate is rapidly moving past the theoretical .
In space , " smart plants " can provide not only food , oxygen , and clean air , but also valuable companionship for lonely space travelers , say some - a boon for astronauts if America is to go to Mars .
Research on the workings of the mustard weed 's statolith , for example , may one day yield a corn crop with 1 - 3/8 the gravitational force of Earth .
Some Earth - bound farmers , meanwhile , see the possibility of communicating with plants to time waterings for ultimate growth .
A new gene , Bypass - 1 , found by University of Utah researchers , may make that possible .
Still , it can be hard for the common houseplant to command respect - even among those who study it most closely .
" When I was a postdoc , I had a neighbor who watched me buy plants , forget to water them , and throw them out , buy them and throw them out , " says Dr. Sieburth .
" When she found out I had a PhD in botany , I thought she was going to die . "
Nine other marines were wounded and at least four rebels were killed during the incident on Basilan island .
The clash took place as the marines were searching for an Italian priest .
The priest was seized in June by kidnappers believed to be from either Abu Sayyaf or the Moro Islamic Liberation Front .
Both groups are seeking an independent Islamic state in the southern Philippines .
Ceasefire violation ?
The priest , named as Giancarlo Bossi , was seized by armed men near the coastal village of Bulawan near Zamboanga on 10 June .
Father Bossi was seized by armed men on his way to church
Lt Col Caculitan said that 14 marines had been killed .
The number of rebels who died is unconfirmed , but reports vary from four to at least 20 .
Initially , the military assumed that the rebels were mainly from the Abu Sayyaf group - the smallest but deadliest of several Islamic groups fighting the Philippine government .
But army officers say that Abu Sayyaf gunmen do not have a presence in the area where Rev Bossi was kidnapped .
A spokesman for the Moro Islamic Liberation Front ( MILF ) later confirmed that some its members had been involved in the clash , despite the fact the MILF is currently engaged in peace talks with the government .
Mohagher Iqbal , the chief negotiator for the MILF , said the marines had attacked one of the group 's strongholds , violating a ceasefire agreement , and that his forces had therefore fought back .
" The incident could have been avoided if the government had co-ordinated with our forces in Basilan before they actually moved in , " he told reporters .
But he denied that the MILF was responsible for the beheadings , or that it was involved in the kidnapping of the priest .
Dr. Holmes said that in rare cases someone might have a true allergy to a specific chemical .
On the other side of the debate are specialists like Dr. Claudia S. Miller , professor of environmental medicine at the University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio , who said practitioners were hearing about more cases of chemical sensitivities .
“ There is no reliable prevalence data because the illness presents in such varied ways , ” Dr. Miller said in an e-mail message .
“ But estimates of the number of persons who report having multiple intolerances that they recognize and that cause them to rearrange their lives ranges from 3 to 6 percent of the population . ”
Dr. Miller said chemical sensitivities or intolerances could be caused by a specific exposure to a toxic substance or by a number of exposures .
There is no known cure .
Often , people with severe chemical sensitivities remove themselves from urban areas completely , but Ms. Schonbrun said she could not face such isolation and did not want to be too far from her family or health care facilities .
After her diagnosis six years ago , Ms. Schonbrun left her job as a nurse in San Diego and moved with her husband , Bob , to Tucson , where they stayed for a year .
When she became even sicker , the couple moved to Fort Collins , a college town of about 130,000 with strong agrarian roots , to build a “ safe ” house with features that include an elaborate venting system and a tar - free roof to allow her to live as free of offending chemicals as possible .
Ms. Schonbrun has added her name to the Colorado Department of Agriculture ’s registry of pesticide - sensitive people so she will be notified and can stay indoors when there is any commercial spraying .
Some people question the Schonbruns ’ choice to relocate to their tidy and rapidly expanding subdivision with farms and ranches close by .
October 16 , 2006 — jao
A friend of mine has sent me this list with the Seven Secrets of Successful Programmers and asked for comments .
Halfway my reply , it ’s occurred to me that i might as well post them here and , hopefully , hear about your opinion too .
First of all , i’m wary of magic recipes and fast - food solutions .
There ’s no such thing as a quick recipe to become a proficient programmer .
It takes effort , a lot of hard work .
No secret list will spare you that ; as we all know , there ’s no silver bullet .
Not that we ca n’t use a little help from more experienced programmers and hear their advice , but short rules of thumb are often problematic .
Software is , well , soft , and it ’s very difficult to come up with eternal truths to be carved in stone .
I prefer the whole story , as recounted for instance in books like The Practice of Programming , or extended guides like Norvig and Pitman ’s classic tutorial on Lisp style .
Do n’t take me wrong .
I do n’t think there ’s anything evil in trying to convey hard won lessons in little capsules .
Otherwise , i would n’t be writing these musings in the first place .
It ’s just that i dislike oversimplifications ; they go hand in hand with the notion that programming is just something to be done by underpaid coding monkeys , or that it should be as easy as clicking around with a mouse .
But let me turn back to the original purpose of this post , which was , oh yes , commenting on those seven recipes to success .
Here ’s my take on some of them .
Code for human consumption .
Dead on .
I have n’t much more to add here .
As almost a corollary , using an as higher as possible level language is a non-brainer .
This secret is nicely expressed in SICP ’s preface :
Programs must be written for people to read , and only incidentally for machines to execute .
But of course , really grasping what that means takes reading SICP , at least .
Comment often and comment well .
Sorry , but this one is completely misguided , at least in my book .
I ’m not refering to the comment well bit ( which , as an aside , is as vacuous as you can get ) , but even here the secret ’s author gives a bad example :
Good comment : Disable button to prevent its activation
Bad comment : Set cmd = False
The bad comment is obviously bad , but the proposed solution is far from good .
Code is to be read by programmers , not by nincompoops , and we all know that a disabled button cannot be activated .
The problem in the above example is not a bad comment , but very bad variable naming : use isActive instead of cmd and comments are unnecessary .
As they should be .
Which brings me to the “ comment often ” part , which the author reinforces with this incredibly bad piece of advice : comment your code so that it can be understood just reading the comments .
Beg your pardon ?
What happened with our rule number one ?
( and no , comments are not code ) .
In my experience , the need to explain what a snippet of code is doing with a comment is a sure indication of bad coding .
Good code is self - explanatory and needs few , if any , comments .
Otherwise , you did something wrong , be it bad naming or poor function breakdown .
Not to mention the issue of keeping comments and code synchronized during rewrites .
So here ’s my secret number 2 : comment seldom , write self - documenting code instead .
This will make your programs not only easier to understand and maintain , but of better quality .
Of course , this does not imply , by any means , that documentation is not needed .
Proper documentation of your public interfaces and modules , how they work together and their dependencies is a must ( this being , by the way , one of the things i dislike about extreme programming and other agile methodologies ) .
But it does not belong into your implementation ’s comments .
There ’s a lot to say about how to properly document your code , and often the language you ’re using influences the documenting style ( for instance , via its abstraction constructions ( modules , interfaces , protocols , categories , whatever ) ) .
Although i wo n’t discuss this issue further , i’d recommend reading this very interesting discussion over at comp.lang .
smalltalk , which incidentally demonstrates how difficult is to come up with cure - all rules of thumb .
Layout code to increase legibility .
But of course .
I am however quite surprised that anyone can list such an absolutely basic thing as a secret to success .
If your programmers are not able to write properly laid out code … well , you ’d better forget about success in the first place .
An important consideration in this regard , though , is that your tools should make this task trivial .
As in many other things , Emacs excels in this regard , making indentation and code layout a breeze .
I wo n’t try to convince you of using Emacs , but if your only quibbles about it come from using and learning it for less than a month , please consider giving it a serious try .
These comments may help you realize what ’s in store for you ; and , if you love programming , chances are you ’ll appreciate the beauty and power of its design .
The learning curve is steep , but again , you know what i think of those looking for easy solutions ;-)
Whatever your final decision ( there ’s nothing wrong in using VIM if you like it better ) , please learn to use your editor and exploit all it has to offer .
It ’s your basic tool and it should be customizable and extensible enough to exactly match your needs and make your life easy .
Do n’t write Lisp using Notepad .
Expect the unexpected and deal with it .
Absolutely .
I do n’t have any quibble here .
Error handling may well be the most difficult task we face during program construction .
Elegant code for the nominal case is , in comparison , a piece of cake .
When you introduce error handling code , things get messy with extraordinary ease .
During all these years , i’ve had a very hard time writing error handling code that looked elegant , not to mention beautiful .
Actually , i think i’ve yet to find the right way to tackle exceptional situations .
Non-resumable exception systems a la Java / C++ often have caused me more problems that simpler mechanisms ( like return values and design by contract with assertions ) , probably due to their non-local nature .
Much more usable are Common Lisp ’s condition system and Smalltalk exceptions .
Taking a look at them , even if you ’re not using those languages , is a healthy exercise that may change the way you think about error handling .
I wo n’t venture any further advice ( for now ) on this thorny issue , except for one recommendation : plan your error handling strategy in advance , for it is not something that can be added easily to your program as an afterthought .
Name your variables to aid readability .
Sure , and we ’ve already seen how important this is for self - documenting your code .
But i thought it was clear by now that Hungarian notation is evil .
If you want good type checking , use a decent statically typed language like Haskell ; with dynamically typed languages , well , using prefixes to mark the type of an identifier is non-sense .
Even in languages like C or C++ there ’s much to say against this notation , if only for the fact that it defeats the much more important goal of readability .
Josh Fryman summarized long ago my feelings on Hungarian notation in his nice article on coding standards , by stating his
Theorem One :
Hungarian Notation exists to make up for bad coding practices .
At any rate , the secrets author is very right to stress the importance of consistency and uniform conventions .
In this regard , i’ve also found useful the practice of adding a bit of metadata to a variable name ’s to indicate its scope ( static vars in C / C++ , members in C++ , Java or Objective - C , special variables in Common Lisp… ) .
In an ideal world , my programming environment would be aware of this kind of metadata and automatically provide some kind of visual clue , but we ’re not there yet .
The last two secrets are an exhortation to use short functions ( that do just one thing , and do it well ) and lexical scope .
Very good advice , without further qualification .
I ’ve found that functional languages , specially those in the Lisp family , and , more generally , having closures at your disposal naturally reinforce these desirable qualities of the software i write .
Summing up , my feeling is that , important as the above issues are , they only scratch the surface .
If i had to give you a single rule in your path to become a good programmer , it would be to never stop learning .
Read a lot , and then more .
Be proficient with at least 3 or 4 languages and 2 or 3 paradigms .
Have a good grasp of how their compilers or interpreters are implemented .
And find your own rules .
Happy hacking !
This is a stripped - down implementation of the server side of the Atom Publishing Protocol as an Apache module , implemented in C .
It felt like something that needed to exist and I am better - qualified for this particular chore than your average geek ; having said that , I have no idea if anyone actually needs such a thing .
mod_atom activity can be tracked on this blog , for now , here .
If any interest develops , then I ’ll transfer discussion to a blog at mod-atom .
net which will be driven , of course , by mod_atom .
For the moment , I ’m going to brain - dump everything about the project right here , if only as a crutch for my own memory .
People who care about the Atom protocol , and those who care about Apache internals wrangling , might find it interesting ; the intersection of those two groups is , I suspect , me .
What ’s an Apache Module ? ·
It ’s code that gets linked into httpd , the Web server binary .
There are hundreds ; a few are included with the server distro , but most are n’t .
Code in a module does n’t have to do anything like CGI , you ’re just a C subroutine that gets called with a package of details about the request and the current server state .
Which can save some cycles .
Might those cycles be significant in your application ?
Maybe , sometimes .
If mod_atom is fast , it ’s more apt to be fast because of its low - rent flat - file - only approach .
On the other hand , being in the server means that you have to code in C and you have to be really careful about concurrency and memory management and all sorts of low - level grunge .
By the way , to be technically correct , whenever I say Apache I should probably be saying “ httpd ” , since while they used to be synonyms , Apache means much more now , the httpd Web Server is just one piece .
But httpd is an ugly little splodge of letters , Apache sounds so much better .
And on modern Debian - family systems , httpd is called “ apache ” anyhow .
Why Me? · Well , I understand the Atom Protocol pretty well and I ’ve already written a couple of Apache modules ( for a failed startup ) , so it ’s less work for me than it would be for nearly anyone else .
Also , I think that the protocol is going to be a big enough part of the Web ecosystem that Apache , as perhaps the world ’s single most important piece of Web infrastructure , really ought to support it .
Think of it as giving PUT something useful to do .
What Does it Do ? ·
Implements all of the Atom Protocol , near as I can tell .
There ’s no database .
Everything is persisted in files .
Entry paths look like / blogs / tim / atom/e/ entries/2007/06/23/cat-pix
Since it blasts Atom Entries straight into files , it can easily ( unlike most Atom protocol implementations ) preserve foreign markup .
It should run fine under any MPM , without concurrency issues .
All the atom : id values begin urn: uuid , so you could in principle move a whole publication from one server and directory to another .
Those who have memories of me arguing bitterly against URNs in general and atom : id in particular can please restrain your snickering while I ’m around .
Configuration ·
There is n’t much .
In your Apache config file , you can define as many “ publications ” as you want .
Each requires one directive , for example :
AtomPub / blogs / joe
/z0/ pubs/blogs/jb " Joe 's Blog " " J. Blow "
The first argument is a prefix ; any URI beginning with it is considered to be part of the publication .
The second is the filesystem directory where the data is rooted .
The filenames are the same as the URIs , only with the directory substituted for the prefix .
The title and author are self - explanatory .
There are no defaults .
When Apache starts up , if there ’s an AtomPub directive but the directory structure is n’t there , the init code creates it .
mod_atom does n’t do any other configuration of any kind , for the moment .
Yes , I know there are lots of other kinds of configurations you might like to be able to do .
People talk about hitting an 80/20 point ; this more like a 60/1 point .
Publications have collections , and per RFC4287 , the minimum you need is a title and an author ; so you really could n’t do this with any less .
And with one line in a config file you get a fully - functional publication .
One thing you ca n’t configure at all is the directory layout where the data goes .
That ’s hard - wired way deep into the code .
Right now , a publication comes with two hard - wired collection named “ Entries ” and “ Media ” .
The code can actually ( in theory ) handle multiple Entry and Media collections , but I have n’t figured out a cheap enough way to configure them .
After all , have n’t people been saying “ Complexion over Commiseration ” or something like that recently ?
How Much Work Was It To Implement the Atom Protocol ?
·
Not much , actually , for a competent C programmer who understands the protocol and some of Apache .
My Apache - module experience was less valuable than I ’d expected , because I had written Apache 1.* modules and the 2 . * API is quite a bit different .
Anyhow , I started on April 26th and I have enough today to start showing the world .
I program fast but I ’ve been busy , so it ’s a very part - time thing .
There are 8400 lines of code , but that includes a 2600 lines of of Genx ( because Apache does n’t have much of an XML generator ) and then 2700 or so of unit - test code ( 1700 or so being Genx ’s ) .
So it ’s really no big deal .
Life was immensely easier because of having the Ape available .
Being an Apache module imposes some constraints that make unit testing tricky .
While the Ape provides functional rather than unit testing , strictly speaking , using it shook out loads of bugs and saved a huge amount of time .
The setup was amusingly arcane ;
The Ape ’s Ruby code running under JRuby in a servlet in a Java EE app server talking to my naked hacked Apache server , 8080 to 4444 I think .
What with some other things that are there to support ongoing , my little laptop is running more than its share of Web servers .
Rocket Science ? ·
There ’s really not much .
You suck in XML and bit - bags from the net , you find a place to put ’em , you build feeds describing them , you echo them back on request , you ’re careful about concurrency .
It ’s vanilla infrastructure engineering .
There ’s one premature optimization ; I worried about someone setting up a few thousand publications on one server ( would n’t be surprising ) and since the way a module works is you have to look at every URI that comes in to see if it ’s one of yours , the task of scanning through your list of known pubs for prefix matches could be pretty costly .
So , the mod_atom setup code compiles the list of known pubs into a simple little finite automaton which can tell you which if any of your pubs a URI belongs to really fast .
Which is pretty silly , YAGNI territory probably .
But I ’m a sucker for finite automata .
I tried to avoid mutexing ; the only place where you really have to ( I think ) is when a PUT comes in and you need to lock things down while you check the ETag and , if you accept the PUT , blast it in .
I think you should be able to get enough concurrency out of the filesystem for the rest of the protocol .
Based on what I hear , if someone took a mod_atom install and started firing PUTs at a few existing URIs from a lot of parallel sources , I bet the apr_global_mutex ... calls would start to hurt pretty quick .
I have lots more premature - optimization ideas for that situation .
Frankly , the hardest bit was figuring out all the autoconf and libtool voodoo to compile the sucker , and in the end I could n’t ; in the finest open - source tradition I reused code from Josh Rotenberg and did cut / paste / hack till it worked .
I ’m assuming that one of these days someone I respect will explain to me why libtool & friends are a good idea and how to use them properly ; until then I ’m going to ignore them and hope they ’re replaced .
This technique allowed me to avoid ever learning either imake or C ++.
Legal Status · Apache V2 license , copyright Sun Microsystems , if the ASF ever got interested I have the go - ahead to sign over whatever to whomever .
Have n’t figured out where to host yet , but here ’s a tarball .
If you want to actually try to run it , do please contact me .
Technical Status ·
It ’s not really ready to use , but I ’m publishing it because I want to start talking and get some advice and opinions on what I should do about some things , and that ’s easier if you can point at source code .
mod_atom passes a few ( eighty - odd ) unit tests , plus it gets a clean bill of health from the Ape .
One of my short - term to - dos is to run Joe Gregorio ’s test client against it .
I ’m pretty sure the basic technical approach to wrangling entries and feeds is sensible and can probably be made to run very efficiently .
It has one big and one small missing piece , and a major enhancement I think would be good .
The big missing piece is HTML ( see next section ) .
The small missing piece is collection paging ; it just is n’t there at the moment ; you get the last 20 entries in reverse app:edited order and that ’s all you get .
No biggie .
The big enhancement I want to do is non-destructive editing .
Right now it implements PUT by replacing the old data with the new , and DELETE by , well , deleting the data .
I think it would be better , in all cases , to copy the data aside , uh , somewhere .
But I want to talk to people about this one too , because I suspect it may involve weird corners .
To HTML or not to HTML ? ·
For the moment , mod_atom is just an Atom server , not a blog engine .
Which is to say that it accepts and stores and updates and deletes the Atom Entries and generates feeds appropriately , but does n’t actually generate any HTML versions .
I ’m not sure what to do about this .
It ’d be pretty easy to just pull the data out of the Atom Entries , wrap some basic HTML around it , and have a blogging engine .
But I think it ’s irresponsible to publish HTML from outside without sanitizing it .
While I ’m betting that it ’s appropriate to do the low - level persistence and CRUD in the bowels of httpd , I ’m having trouble believing that HTML sanitation and beautification belong in there too .
There are tools like TagSoup and Hpricot which are just the thing for the job .
So maybe there is an ancillary “ blogging system ” that does the necessary with the Atom entries ?
Or maybe there ’s a TagSoup equivalent available for C that could help out ?
To - Do · Suggestions welcome .
What happens when Art Lebedev Studios puts a real folder on a device that holds virtual folders ?
Advertisement
You get a grade A Gizmodo post , that 's what .
Well , that , and you get our minds started on philosophical topics like the nature of existence , the authenticity of a copied product and the relative timespan in which we will maintain interest in USB storage when compared to the age of the Universe .
No word on pricing yet , but hopefully it 's cheaper than their Optimus Maximus Keyboard .
Advertisement
Optimus Maximus Keyboard , Pre-order Now The Optimus Maximus Keyboard can officially be pre-ordered !
Be the first guy on your block to have …
Read more
Designer Page [ via newlaunches ]
We Want a Wii ! ( Still )
I have never been a huge video gamer but , having run into the Nintendo Wii a few times in the past couple of months , I can see why it is beloved .
But here ’s the question : why is the Wii , which was famously scarce before Christmas this year , still so hard to buy ?
Paul Kimmelman , a technical architect who has guest - blogged here before , poses this question and walks through some of the various wrinkles :
You guys may be interested in the Nintendo Wii and its serious availability issues .
They released this in Nov 2006 , and have not been able to supply properly to this day .
The national availability runs around 2 - 5 % , with most stores out of them most of the time , and no legit online retailer carrying them at all .
This has had two effects : the average price paid has been around 150 % to 180 % of retail price , with none of that going to retailers or the manufacturer .
Only scalpers are profiting .
It is interesting to me for 5 reasons :
1. Nintendo clearly made a colossal blunder in setting up their manufacturing .
Even if they assumed it would not do very well , their inability to ramp up production in 4 months is pretty unusual in this industry .
Note that there are no known parts shortages .
2. Retailers are benefiting in extra store traffic , as people come to check to see if they have it available .
So , even if they lose potential sales of this device , they probably make up much more in sales to people who are in the store looking for one .
Perhaps the retailers are paying Nintendo not to ship them to the US ?
3. Game vendors ( including Nintendo ) are hurt by this , since their TAM / CAM is held artificially lower .
Since shelf life of a game is very much based on release date , this hurts the game developers .
4 . It is unclear how much this has pushed sales of XBox360 , PS3 , PS2 , and even older Gamecube devices .
Since Wii has a quite different controller design , people are attracted to it .
Normally , this would have benefited their competitors a lot according to economic theory .
5. Nintendo has not addressed this issue publicly at all .
No apologies , no status reports , nothing to say what they are doing about it .
Surprising for a company in this situation .
It is unclear if they feel this shortage is a PR advantage or problem .
We ’ve written about this before .
The Bush administration lied to first responders in NYC after September 11 , telling them that the air was safe ( it was n’t ) .
There was a hearing about it yesterday .
Christie Todd Whitman , the former head of the EPA under Bush , took a lot of heat .
The thing the article does n’t note is that the White House had a major hand in lying to the firefighters , cops and others who descended on Ground Zero to help .
And Mr. Giuliani had a role as well .
Let ’s look back at the what the very - conservative NY Post had to say about this :
An Environmental Protection Agency memo claims city and federal officials concealed data that showed lower Manhattan air was clouded with asbestos after the World Trade Center collapse .
And officials sat on the alarming information even as they told the public it was safe to return downtown , the internal memo says .
Testing by the city Department of Environmental Protection showed the air downtown had more than double the level of asbestos considered safe for humans , claimed federal EPA environmental scientist Cate Jenkins , who supplied the memo to The Post … .
On Sept. 18 , then - EPA administrator Christie Whitman said the public in lower Manhattan was not being exposed to “ excessive levels of asbestos . ”
That same day , city testing data , some of which was later made public , showed asbestos levels 50 percent higher and more above what her agency considers safe , the memo states .
Whitman said at yesterday ’s hearing that we should blame the terrorists , not her ( for a “ moderate ” Republican she sure does a great impression of Bush and Cheney ) .
Last time I checked it was the Bush administration , Ms. Whitman , and Mr. Giuliani – and not Osama – who misled the American people about this issue .
And America ’s Mayor has some explaining to do too .
More from the NY Post :
On the day after the attack , the memo claims , city test results from the corner of Centre and Chambers streets and from the corner of Spruce and Gold streets showed asbestos concentration at about twice the level considered safe by the EPA .
The city did not release this information to the public , Jenkins says .
The next day , Sept. 13 , city tests were “ overloaded ” with asbestos in the air – so much that the lab could not conclude precise amounts – along Church Street .
Again , the information was withheld , the memo claims .
When the city published the test results for the weeks following 9/11 on its
Web site in February 2002 , there were 17 instances where the data was either understated or left blank , Jenkins asserts in her report .
And do n’t forget the White House role , from Newsday :
C ORPORATE C RIME R EPORTER
Corporate Crime Excised from the American Mainstream
21 Corporate Crime Reporter 28 , July 5 , 2007
On February 27 , 2007 , the Wall Street Journal ran a story under the following headline :
“ Korean Court Aids Push to Curb Corporate Crime . ”
What is so unusual about this headline ?
What is so unusual is that the term “ corporate crime ” is rarely used by mainstream American newspapers in headlines .
It is rarely used in headlines .
It is rarely used in text .
It is rarely used .
Period .
If the story is about corporate crime in the United States , “ corporate crime ” is replaced by the more benign “ white collar crime . ”
But mostly , if the mainstream American press uses the term “ corporate crime , ” it is used to refer to corporate crime committed by foreign companies .
Otherwise , the term is rarely used in this country .
A database survey of major American news outlets found that in the first six months of 2007 , the term “ corporate crime ” was used in news reports around the world 861 times .
Of the 861 references , only 57 ( 6 percent ) were carried in stories published by U.S. news outlets .
And of those 57 , fourteen were references to Corporate Crime Reporter .
The remaining 800 or so stories were published by foreign news outlets , primarily in Australia , East Asia , and Europe .
( The survey did not count U.S. blog references . )
“ We do n’t want to admit that the corporations that bring us the luxuries we love also commit heinous criminal acts , ” said Russell Mokhiber , editor of Corporate Crime Reporter .
“ So , we excise it from our consciousness .
Do n’t look behind the curtain .
That big giant American corporation is n’t committing a crime .
Only South Koreans do it . ”
Mokhiber said that there is little evidence to support the belief that the corporate crime wave of the past couple of years has abated .
“ Most corporate crime defense attorneys will readily admit that in today ’s environment , we can have as much corporate crime as we can prosecute , ” Mokhiber said .
“ When there is a will , there is a way – to corporate conviction . ”
Home
Corporate Crime Reporter
1209 National Press Bldg .
Washington , D.C. 20045
202.737.1680
Do n't publish with IEEE !
It turns out that , in response to # 3 , IEEE is overriding its scientific referees and flat - out refusing to accept public - domain papers .
I learned about this from a UIC graduate student who had submitted a paper to a conference whose proceedings were to be published by IEEE .
After the paper was accepted , IEEE notified the student that a copyright transfer was required .
The student declared his intention to put his paper into the public domain .
The IEEE Intellectual Property Rights Manager threatened the student with non-publication of the paper .
Faced with this pressure , the student capitulated and , rather than eliminating the copyright , transferred it to IEEE .
When I heard about this incident , I asked the IEEE Intellectual Property Rights Manager to explain his overall assertion that IEEE refuses to publish public - domain papers :
Works from government authors are in the public domain , and I find it difficult to believe that IEEE refuses papers from government authors .
I see that the IEEE Copyright Form has a special section for government authors .
How many public - domain papers does IEEE actually publish ?
Surely you have the exact figures for each year .
Is it fair to say that , in fact , IEEE publishes many public - domain papers ?
In his messages to the student , the IEEE Intellectual Property Rights Manager had asserted that ``IEEE needs to be the owner of the work ... by assignment . ''
Obviously this is impossible for papers in the public domain : copyright assignment is n't possible when the copyright no longer exists .
I looked at the IEEE Copyright Policies and found that public - domain papers were clearly exempted from the copyright - transfer requirement :
Such transfer shall be a necessary requirement for publication , EXCEPT for material in the public domain .
In his messages to the student , the IEEE Intellectual Property Rights Manager had explained IEEE 's alleged need for being ``the owner of the work ' ' as follows : `` We can put it into the Xplore database and license it to others as one of our ongoing electronic distribution of IEEE publications . ''
I asked the IEEE Intellectual Property Rights Manager for clarification :
When there is no copyright , IEEE is completely free to do these things .
It can distribute the work as widely as it wants , and it can authorize others to do so .
All IEEE gets out of a copyright is the power to _stop_ the distribution of the information .
If the public domain is a problem for IEEE , how does IEEE publish works from government authors ?
Do you have a better explanation for your desire to be the owner of the work ?
Is it fair to say that IEEE actually _does_ want to stop the distribution of scientific information ?
The IEEE Intellectual Property Rights Manager had also devoted some effort to trying to fool the student into believing that papers could not simply be dedicated to the public domain .
I asked for clarification :
The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals has commented that ``It is well settled that rights gained under the Copyright Act may be abandoned . ''
The standard way to abandon copyright is by a clear written dedication of the work to the public domain .
One example of a public - domain dedication is http://creativecommons.org/licenses/publicdomain; surely you 're aware of attorney Lawrence Lessig 's Creative Commons effort .
You stated that ``there is a specific legal process for placing your work in the PD . ''
When the student asked you for details , you refused to answer .
Instead you said that you were ``dubious about the idea of simply declaring one 's intention to inject a work into the public domain , '' and that IEEE needed to be able to ``prove '' its rights .
If IEEE has trouble ``proving '' its rights to publish a public - domain paper , then how does IEEE ``prove '' alleged authorship of a paper whose copyright is allegedly transferred , and how does IEEE ``prove '' an allegation of government employment ?
Is the ``legal process '' you mentioned something more than making a clear written dedication of the work to the public domain ?
If so , what exactly is the process ?
Why did n't you answer the student 's question regarding this process ?
Is it fair to say that the IEEE Intellectual Property Rights Office is trying to intimidate authors into transferring copyright to IEEE ?
The bottom line is that IEEE is refusing to accept public - domain papers except from government authors .
IEEE has no justification for this position .
IEEE 's action is a blatant attempt to maintain control over papers that would otherwise have been freely available to the public .
Unfortunately , at least in this student 's case , the attempt succeeded : a paper that was accepted by IEEE 's scientific referees , and that would have been in the public domain without IEEE 's pressure , is now part of IEEE 's copyright portfolio .
Consequently , I am blacklisting IEEE here .
I recommend that authors find another publisher .
Springer , for example , tacitly ( although quite unhappily ) allows public - domain papers , and AMS explicitly does not require a copyright transfer .
Is it possible that the future of the content business is worse than being less profitable and worse even than not scaling anymore — is it possible that content creation will cease to be a business ?
I was struck by this quote from a music business manager in the WSJ article about the complete collapse of CD sales :
Jeff Rabhan , who manages artists and music producers including Jermaine Dupri , Kelis and Elliott Yamin , says CDs have become little more than advertisements for more - lucrative goods like concert tickets and T - shirts .
“ Sales are so down and so off that , as a manager , I look at a CD as part of the marketing of an artist , more than as an income stream , ” says Mr. Rabhan .
“ It ’s the vehicle that drives the tour , the merchandise , building the brand , and that ’s it .
There ’s no money . ”
No money .
The content that used to be at the center of the music industry has been reduced to a loss - leading marketing platform for the real business , which is live entertainment and related merchandise sales .
Apple ’s iTunes is not really a platform for selling music but rather for selling hardware .
It seems in recent years that as the music industry goes , so goes the rest of the media industry .
Is there reason to believe that other forms of content will suffer the same fate as music ?
There ’s one critical commonality to what the Internet and digitization has done to all content that would support this theory : disaggregation
All the focus on the digitization and online distribution of music — and now video — has been on piracy .
But what if that ’s just a red herring ?
You could argue that the most striking consequence of digitizing media and distributing it online is that all content is now available in a discrete , granual form .
Music file .
Article page .
Video clip .
Podcast .
Photo .
There are very few places on the web that require you to buy a whole package in order to get one item .
This is a radical transformation of the content business .
Think about it .
How many CDs have you bought for just one song ?
How many magazines have you bought just to read one article ?
How many cable channels do you subscribe to in order to watch just one channel ?
How many radio stations have you kept on in the car because you heard one song that you liked ?
How many newspapers have you bought just to read one section ?
The media business has always been about selling you content that you do n’t really want by stapling it ( literally or figuratively ) to the content that you do want .
The digitization of media on the network has obliterated this model .
What if music is just the canary in the coal mine ?
There ’s already one high - profile instance of this trend in the video content business .
TV clips on YouTube .
I ’ve heard a thousand times the argument that media companies should embrace YouTube as a “ free promotional channel . ”
Let users upload clips of your shows — do n’t sue YouTube– it ’s free promotion .
This argument has bothered me every time I ’ve hear it , and now I know why — because it ’s following the pattern of music sales in the quote I cited above .
Ca n’t make money off the content in one channel ?
Use it to promote your other channel .
BUT , that assumes that the other channel is not , in fact , being eaten alive by the channel you ’ve written off as free promotion .
Henry Blodget posted a dialectic about whether Google is the “ King of Media , ” which was based on this assumption :
For the purposes of this debate , I ’m going to assume that to be “ King of All Media ” one ca n’t just be a distributor .
I would assume just the opposite — that content distribution businesses , or more accurately in digital network terms , content platform and content aggregation businesses ( think Google , YouTube , MySpace , Facebook , Digg ) are the only real media businesses left .
Oh well .
If Google has its way , maybe the content business can transform itself into a direct marketing business .
禁煙を始めようと考えると何もなしに始めるのは不安になることもあることです。
鋼鉄の意志がなければ達成できないということもよく言われるからであり、何らかの禁煙グッズを使ってサポートしてもらいながら禁煙に取り組んでいきたいと考える人は大勢います。
そういったときに医薬品としての信頼性と気軽に手に入れられるという面からニコレットを選ぶことも珍しいことではありません。
しかし、ニコレットで禁煙を始めるにあたっては気をつけなければならないことがあります。
ニコレットが禁煙補助薬として医薬品扱いされていることには意味があります。
それは、ニコレットにはニコチンを含んでいるということです。
そのため、適切な使用を行わなければ健康へのリスクもあるため、医薬品としての扱いを受けるようになっているのです。
煙草に対する依存が起こってしまう原因として知られているのがその成分の一つであるニコチンの影響であり、ニコチンに対する依存症が問題となって禁煙に失敗してしまう人が多いのも事実です。
そのため、ニコチンを煙草ではなくニコレットからとるようにすることによって煙草をやめられるようにするというのがニコレットの禁煙補助の効果です。
そのため、強い意志が必要であるということに違いはなく、あくまでニコチン依存症によってやめられないという人に禁煙を可能にするための禁煙グッズという理解をしておく必要があります。
ニコチンが入っているからといってニコレットを毛嫌いする人もいますが、依存症が強い人にとっては煙草を突然やめるというのは禁断症状が出てしまって危険が高く、ニコレットを使用することによってまずは煙草をやめるというところにたどり着ける可能性が高まります。
そういった有用な禁煙グッズであるということも理解することが大切です。
最近では、インターネット上の通販サイトでもニコレットを購入することができるので手軽に禁煙を始められます。
通販サイトを使えば、値段が安くなっている ニコレットのジェネリックという選択肢もある
ので、自分に合う方を選んで禁煙を始めましょう。
Continuing in the “ bad news for the worlds oceans ” theme .
Ecosystems along the continental shelf waters of the Northwest Atlantic Ocean–from the Labrador Sea south of Greenland all the way to North Carolina–are experiencing large , rapid changes , report oceanographers funded by the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) in the Feb. 23 , 2007 , issue of the journal Science .
While some scientists have pointed to the decline of cod from overfishing as the main reason for the shifting ecosystems , the paper emphasizes that climate change is also playing a big role .
“ It is becoming increasingly clear that Northwest Atlantic ecosystems are being affected by climate forcing from the bottom up and overfishing from the top down , ” said Charles Greene , an oceanographer at Cornell University in Ithaca , N.Y , and lead author of the Science paper .
“ Predicting the fate of these ecosystems will be one of oceanography ’s grand challenges for the 21st century . ”
Most scientists believe humans are warming the planet by burning fossil fuels and changing land surfaces .
Early signs of this warming have appeared in the Arctic .
Since the late 1980s , scientists have noticed that pulses of fresh water from increased precipitation and melting of ice on land and sea in the Arctic have flowed into the North Atlantic Ocean and made the water less salty .
At the same time , climate - driven shifts in Arctic wind patterns have redirected ocean currents .
The combination of these processes has led to a freshening of the seawater along the North Atlantic shelf .
“ Long time - series measurements , as well as research on large - scale ocean processes , are the key to improving our understanding of ecosystem shifts , ” says Mary Elena - Carr , program director in NSF ’s biological oceanography program .
“ This study brings together the important components : the atmosphere , freshwater flow , changes in currents and biological responses , all necessary to predicting future ecosystem responses to climate change . ”
Under normal conditions in summer months a warmer , less salty layer of water floats on the surface ( warmer , less salty water is also less dense and lighter ) .
This surface layer is known as a “ mixed ” layer , because wind - driven turbulence mixes the water and creates a uniform temperature , salinity and density to depths that can range from 25 to 200 meters .
Similar to the flow of heating and cooling wax in a lava lamp , when the air temperature cools during autumn , temperature and density differences lessen between the surface mixed layer and the cooler , saltier waters below .
As the density differences get smaller , mixing between the layers typically increases and the surface mixed layer deepens .
But Greene cites recent scientific studies that reveal the influx of fresh water from Arctic climate change is keeping the mixed layer buoyant , inhibiting its rapid deepening during autumn .
A gradual rather than rapid deepening of the mixed layer has impacted the seasonal cycles of phytoplankton ( tiny floating plants ) , zooplankton ( tiny animals like copepods ) and fish populations that live near the surface .
Normally , when the mixed layer deepens rapidly during autumn , phytoplankton numbers decline because they spend less time near the surface where they are exposed to the light necessary for growth .
But with the mixed layer remaining relatively shallow , phytoplankton populations stay abundant throughout the fall .
In turn , zooplankton that feed on phytoplankton have increased in number during the fall through the early winter .
Herring populations also rose during the 1990s , which some scientists suspect may be because of more abundant zooplankton to feed on .
Greene ’s paper also cites a link between the collapse of cod fisheries in the early 1990s and an increase in bottom - living species such as snow crabs and shrimp , which cod prey upon .
Without cod , other animals that live in the water column and feed on zooplankton , including herring , may have increased .
While the herring story is still unclear , the authors contend that the crash of cod populations does not explain why phytoplankton and zooplankton populations at the base of the food chain have risen during autumn .
“ We suggest that , with or without the collapse of cod , a bottom - up , climate - driven regime shift would have taken place in the Northwest Atlantic during the 1990s , ” Greene said .
Andrew Pershing , an oceanographer at the University of Maine , co-authored the paper .
These days , many people feel their information is being taken and used without their permission : from identity theft and phishing , to customer databases and online search engines , to the increasing difficulty of doing things anonymously .
Here I explore these so - called privacy " issues " and show why there is usually no need to worry , or that people worry about the wrong things .
If you 're new , please read my first post .
米 語( 英語 ) 学習に関する私的メモ
米語学習と言っても , マクドで困らないだけで良いのであれば , " For here , or to go ? " ( 「 こちらでお召しあがりですか , それともお持ち 帰りですか 」 ) が分かれば充分でしょう。 このメモは , 米語学習に関して , New York Times 等の新聞を読み , NPR ( National Public Radio ) を楽 しむ程度に米語を理解するために個人的に推薦する参考書や方法の類 に関するメモです。また , 個人的にはお勧めできない参考書も紹介し ます 。
熟語
読解 ( Reading )
そのためには読んで楽しいものを選びましょう。読んでつまらないも
のを我慢して読んでも長続きしません。例えば , " TIME " Magazineを勧め る人が多いようですが , 私には全く合わないようで日本に居た時 しばらく定期購読していましたが , 結局全然読みませんでした。元々 , 長い時事解説記事よりもニュース記事や blog の方が私には向いていたよ うで , 最近はニュースで はGoogle News とThe Huffington Postを 毎日読んでいます。一つ一つの記事が短いので , 最初のうちは 「 読ん だぞ」という達成感もあるんじゃないでしょうか :-)
Blog では以下の economy / politics blog を毎日読んでいます 。
また , 私は読んでいませんが , ファンタジーが好きな方は " Harry Potter " シリーズを原書で読まれるのも良いでしょう。英語圏で は , あの分厚い本を子供が読んでいます :- O。もちろん大人でハマッ ている人も多いです。
技術職 , 特に計算機関係の職に就いておられる方は
Dilbert の漫画を読まれるのも良いかもしれません。漫画の一つ一つはとても 短いのですぐに読めてしまいます。個人的には
Dilbert シリーズの 中では描き下ろしの " Building a Better Life by Stealing Office Supplies " と " Clues for the Clueless " が好きです 。
私自身は小説よりもエッセイやコラムの類 , 特に経済学者の Paul Krugman のコラムのファ ンですので , New York Times の 週2回( 月 , 金) の彼のコラムは欠かさず読んでいます。 link は彼のファンが運営しているサイトですが , Krugman の書いた物 で online で手に入る物はほぼ網羅されているので便利です 。New York Times の Op - Ed コラムニストでは他 に Frank Rich , Bob Herbert , Nicholas D. Kristof の書くものを良く読みます。 いずれも短いですし , 読みやすいのでお勧めです 。Op - Ed だけあって , 非常に " opinionated " ですが :-)
オンライン辞 書
DictionarySearch ( Firefox Extension )
単語を選択 右クリックでメニューを出す メニューから引きたい辞書を選 択
DictionarySearch のインストールに関しては このページを参照して下さい 。
ESLPod ( ESL は English as a Second Language の頭字語 ) という web site は ESL の番組を毎日 無料で podcast しています。試しに聞いてみまたところ , 話者はかな りゆっくり明瞭に喋っているので聞き取りの勉強には良いでしょう。 また , せり ふ ( 台本 ) も web site に載っているので聞き取れなかった ところを読んで確かめることも出来ます 。
教育用プログラムに飽き足らない方々にはインターネット上で無料で
視聴できる実際のラジオやテレビ番組がありますので , そちらを利用 するのも効果的です。 私が個人的に好きなのは National Public Radio ( NPR ) です。 毎正時のニュース も良いですが , " Morning Edition " ( 朝刊 ) , " All Things Considered " は放送だけでなく , 放送の要約も web page に載っているので聞き取りの学習には良いと思います。また , 両 者 は2時間以上の長い番組なのですが , 一つ一つの話題 ( segment , 10 分 未満)毎に分けて聴取できるので大変便利です。英文の要約も segment 毎になっています。
音楽が好きな方には " all songs considered " 。私はこの番組 で Nora Jones や TARIKA を知りました :-) クラッシク音楽が好きな方には " Classics for Kids " 。クラッシク音楽とその解説を楽 しめます 。
インタビュー番組では " Fresh Air " がお勧めです 。 Iggy Pop からクリントン大統領まで , ありとあらゆるジャンルの人へのインタビューを楽しめます ( 残念ながら transcript は有料です ) 。
車好きな人には " Car Talk " などはいかがでしょう。もっともこの番組 は新車に関する批評 , 情報番組ではなく , 聴取者からの車に関する質 問( 多く は 「 私のメカニックはこう言っているが , それは本当か 」といったも の) に答える番組です。ただ , この番組 の DJ ( 車にやたらと詳しい 兄 弟) がとてもおかしな人達なので , 聞いているとついつい笑ってしまい ます。
経済に関する情報は前述の " Planet Money " , ビジネス情報なら " Marketplace " が便利です 。
私が最も好きな NPR の番組は " Wait Wait ... Do n't Tell Me ! " です。その週のニュー スに関するクイズ番組なのですが , とにかく爆笑させてくれます ( Podcast もあります ) 。
これらの番組を毎日一つは聞いて理解できるようにすると言うのが私 のお勧めです。
テレビに関しては , ほとんどテレビは見ないので聞き取り能力を強化 するテレビ番組についての情報はあまり持ち合わせておりません。し かしながら , ほぼ毎日見ている番組が二つあります。一つは
" The Daily Show with Jon Stewart " という番組です。この番組は米国で一般的に放送されている news show のパロディなのですが , 非常に鋭い批判精神と fake anchor の
Jon Stewart のキャラクタで , 2001 年 か ら 5 年 連続で エミー賞を 受賞しています。特 に Jon が毎日冒頭に紹介す る
Headline ( 数日前 の出来事に関する彼のコメント ) が爆笑です。もう一つは , " The Daily Show " から spin - off した番組 で Colbert Report といいます。この番組は右翼 commentator Bill O'Reilly の番組 " The O'Reilly Factor " の parody なのですが , これも非常 に政治風刺の効いていて , political junkie には楽しい番組です 。
話す ( Speaking )
日本語でも同じですが , 実際の会話で用いる語彙はそんなに多くあり ません( 多いに越した事は無いですが :-) 。 前述の基本語彙を押えてお けば , 少ない語彙でも言いたい事を正確に伝えられるようになると思 います 。
英作文 ( Writing )
This 1959 edition of The Elements of Style ( often referred to as " Strunk and White " ) became the companion of most American writers as well as most college freshmen .
文法 ( Grammar )
オンラインで利用可能なものには
[ Home ]
©Yoichi Hariguchi , All Rights Reserved .
$ Id : english - study.html , v 1.7 2010/10/13 20:19:21 cvsremote Exp $
Amazon will sell digital downloads without DRM protection
Amazon has licences to sell music from 12,000 record labels , including EMI Group 's digital catalogue .
Millions of songs will be sold without Digital Rights Management ( DRM ) software , allowing - for example - customers to burn their own CDs freely .
Amazon says it will launch the new store later this year .
" Our MP3 - only strategy means all the music that customers buy on Amazon is always DRM - free and plays on any device , " said Jeff Bezos , chief executive of Amazon .
DRM has long been a controversial technology , both within the music industry and in the music - listening population at large .
EMI became the first major record label to offer to drop DRM from much of its catalogue earlier this year .
Apple , whose iTunes Music
Store remains the biggest online seller of downloaded music , has since introduced an option to buy these tunes at a higher price without DRM protection .
Still , big record companies have historically backed DRM as a means of protecting their copyright and preventing piracy .
But the technology often imposes severe limits on which portable devices customers can use to listen to their music .
Most tunes from Apple 's iTunes Music Store , for instance , are still only playable on the iPod , although they can play on Windows and Macintosh computers and can also be burnt onto a CD in order to transfer them to another kind of player .
Similarly , music locked with Microsoft's DRM system Windows Media can only be played on Windows PCs or Windows Media - compatible players , and can rarely be copied elsewhere .
Many consumers thus argue that DRM effectively limits the rights traditionally enjoyed by listeners to CDs or records .
" To Hell with you ! " , he screamed .
I , personally , would have gone with something more along the lines of " To hell with this ! " , as I scarpered out the front door of the court .
Yes , he was shackled , and yes , he was wearing a 90 pound beard ( seriously - that beard is a masterwork , and will probably go down in history as one of the Greatest Beards of All Time ) .
But that should n't have stopped him from making a break for it .
It would have been a more dignified death than being hanged .
I speak , of course , about Saddam Hussein , horrible tyrant , brutal dictator and any one of the hundreds of two - word epithets he 's been assigned by the world 's media .
He 's the world 's biggest bad guy , the troll under the bridge of Freedom and Democracy , the bogeyman America uses to make sure the rest of the world eats its veggies and goes to bed by 10 pm .
And he 's been condemned to death .
Many believe that this is perhaps the most prosaic ending for the man responsible for the untimely demise of millions of people .
He was killing his own people , along with the countless thousands of men , women and children who died as a direct result of his paranoid ravings and rash decisions .
Make no mistake - the man is a cunt .
However , the judgement handed down by Abdel Rahman this week has prompted a range of different responses from around the world , and - as horrified as I am to say this - I actually agree with Europe 's two surrender monkey nations in their wet outlook on the penalty .
Both France and Italy have come out simpering , calling for the execution of Saddam not to go ahead .
It can easily be argued that they are merely taking the moral high ground ( as I like to do whenever I can ... ) - after all , they have little to lose by calling for a reprieve from the noose for Saddam .
Were they spokespeople for the United States , such a statement would be tantamount to strapping an explosive vest to their political careers and wandering into an opposition convention .
I am extremely concerned by the reaction of Australia 's Prime Minister , John Howard .
You can see the delight at the verdict writ large across the sizeable chunk of vacant real estate around his forehead region .
But ... and here 's the rub ... he speaks of this verdict out both sides of his mouth .
On the one hand , he 's vehemently opposed to the death sentence .
Look at his hand - wringing and crocodile tears at the impending fate of the Bali Nine – a group of Australian twenty - somethings that have found themselves on the wrong end of the death penalty for smuggling heroin out off Indonesia .
But on the other hand , when it suits Mr Howard , he 's all for it .
Whether it be Saddam Hussein or Amrozi ( one of the Bali bombing masterminds , for those of you playing at home ) , if it suits his political ends , John Howard does n't mind if people are put to the drop , or in front of a firing squad .
At least Tony Blair had the nuts to stand up and say he was against the death penalty … he wo n’t do anything about it , but he ’s against it .
So… erm… go Tony .
I guess …
Further afield , the reactions are predictable at best .
The United States has wriggled into an orgy of high - fiving , as the judgement became common knowledge amongst a populace due in the polling booth just a couple of days later .
The timing of the decision - a major talking point - will forever be criticised by many as a transparent attempt to boost votes for an ailing administration .
But dead dictators win votes , and GWB has had this little apple land right in his lap .
Down in the polls and steadfastly refusing to withdraw from an increasingly unpopular war , Bush has claimed the verdict as vindication of his decision to invade Iraq to get rid of Saddam Hussein 's weapons of mass destruction .
Or get rid of Saddam Hussein .
Or free the Iraqi people .
Or whatever reason it is this week - I 've honestly lost track .
But the main place that the verdict will have an effect is in Iraq .
And it does n't take a geopolitical genius to see that Iraq 's in desperate trouble at the moment , and that things will only get worse if Saddam does meet his maker at the gallows .
The already fractured Islamic world in Iraq will have yet another massive wedge driven between the sparring factions .
The Sunni loyalists are even still lining up behind their defeated leader .
Fighting between them and the Shia , who now have control of the legislative process in Iraq , continues to escalate .
And stuck in the middle are western troops .
I fear for the people of Iraq .
Yes , they 're getting themselves a " Democracy ™ " , but it 's just another government born of violence and baptised in the blood of its former leader .
The sectarian violence does n't need another excuse to continue - but the bloodthirsty shouts of the elected leaders of the western world wo n't go unnoticed .
George Bush was smiling when he announced that Saddam Hussein will be executed .
He was glad that a man is going to die .
The message that sends is painfully clear ...
You are a bad man , Saddam .
You killed people , and killing people is Very Wrong .
Ergo , we will show you the error of your ways by killing you .
And we 'll be thrilled at the prospect of seeing you die .
No matter which way this debacle falls , the people of Iraq are in some deep , deep shit .
Their world will be one of violence for many , many years to come and there 's not a damn thing 99 percent of them can do about it .
If Saddam cops a reprieve , the outcry will be heard for all eternity .
And if he swings ... it'll touch off a fire in Iraq so huge that it will turn the desert sands to glass , stained red with the blood of the many that have died at the hands of the powerful few .
But that red glass will offer the world one thing - the perfect material to fashion the rose - coloured glasses the western world will need to wear when we look back on these events in 20 years , and try to convince ourselves that we did the Right and Noble Thing .
The stranglehold of the mainstream ( and even most of the so - called “ alternative ” ) press on information they deem “ unsafe ” for the American public ’s consumption has suffered a fatal blow .
According to the MSNBC post - debate poll , the very network that carried the first GOP Presidential Primary Debate , Ron Paul won hands down - but you would n’t know that if you read only the usual press accounts of the event .
The headlines seen from a Google News search using the keyword “ debate ” , at the time of this writing show only this :
“ John McCain Wins First GOP Debate ” ( Fox News )
“ Who Won the First GOP Presidential Debate ?
( Answer provided in article : “ Mitt Romney ” - National Review Online )
" Republican Presidential Debate Gives No Clue on GOP Leader in Race ” ( Axcess News )
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
Recent results are even more favorable ( yes , it 's still up today , May 5th ) .
This MSNBC poll shows one or two things that nobody in the Liberty Movement would have xpected this early on :
1. Americans are absolutely ready for Ron Paul ’s message of Liberty under a small , non- intrusive government that does n’t meddle in other countries ’ affairs .
2. American conservatives - yes , even Republicans - are no longer mouthpieces of the neocon media ’s talking points .
They can actually think for themselves and even ignore attempts to ignore Ron Paul during the post - debate “ analysis ” stage of the carrying network
Who would have thought ?
If you search Google News for “ Ron Paul debate ” you , finally , get this :
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
A United Nations human rights official said he was barred from visiting an immigration detention center in New Jersey yesterday .
It was the second time he was denied access to an American immigration jail on a weeklong monitoring tour .
The official , Jorge Bustamante , the United Nations special rapporteur on the human rights of migrants , said he was informed over the weekend that his visit to detained immigrants in the Monmouth County Correctional Institution in Freehold , scheduled for yesterday , had been canceled .
Mr. Bustamante said he had received no explanation .
Mr. Bustamante was barred from a May 7 visit to the T. Don Hutto Family Detention Center in Taylor , Tex. , where illegal immigrant families , including children , are held .
Officials of Immigration and Customs Enforcement , the federal agency in charge of that center , said they canceled the visit because of a pending lawsuit over conditions there by the American Civil Liberties Union .
In a letter of protest yesterday to Zalmay Khalilzad , the United States ambassador to the United Nations , Mr. Bustamante said the State Department had approved his itinerary .
Rwanda 's parliament has voted to abolish the death penalty , a move that should clear the way for suspects in the 1994 genocide to be extradited back to Rwanda .
Rwanda says many of the remaining suspects accused of involvement in the killings of 800,000 ethnic Tutsis and Hutu moderates are at large in Europe , North America and West Africa .
Many countries refuse to extradite criminal suspects to nations that practise capital punishment or torture .
Why Data Mining Wo n't Stop Terror
In the post - 9/11 world , there ’s much focus on connecting the dots .
Many believe data mining is the crystal ball that will enable us to uncover future terrorist plots .
But even in the most wildly optimistic projections , data mining is n’t tenable for that purpose .
We ’re not trading privacy for security ; we ’re giving up privacy and getting no security in return .
Most people first learned about data mining in November 2002 , when news broke about a massive government data mining program called Total Information Awareness .
The basic idea was as audacious as it was repellent : suck up as much data as possible about everyone , sift through it with massive computers , and investigate patterns that might indicate terrorist plots .
Americans across the political spectrum denounced the program , and in September 2003 , Congress eliminated its funding and closed its offices .
But TIA did n’t die .
According to The National Journal , it just changed its name and moved inside the Defense Department .
This should n’t be a surprise .
In May 2004 , the General Accounting Office published a report ( .pdf ) listing 122 different federal government data - mining programs that used people ’s personal information .
This list did n’t include classified programs , like the NSA ’s eavesdropping effort or state - run programs like MATRIX .
The promise of data mining is compelling , and convinces many .
But it ’s wrong .
We ’re not going to find terrorist plots through systems like this , and we ’re going to waste valuable resources chasing down false alarms .
To understand why , we have to look at the economics of the system .
Security is always a trade - off , and for a system to be worthwhile , the advantages have to be greater than the disadvantages .
A national security data - mining program is going to find some percentage of real attacks and some percentage of false alarms .
If the benefits of finding and stopping those attacks outweigh the cost — in money , liberties , etc. — then the system is a good one .
If not , you ’d be better off spending that capital elsewhere .
Data mining works best when you ’re searching for a well - defined profile , a reasonable number of attacks per year and a low cost of false alarms .
Credit - card fraud is one of data mining ’s success stories : all credit - card companies mine their transaction databases for data for spending patterns that indicate a stolen card .
Many credit - card thieves share a pattern — purchase expensive luxury goods , purchase things that can be easily fenced , etc. — and data mining systems can minimize the losses in many cases by shutting down the card .
In addition , the cost of false alarms is only a phone call to the cardholder asking him to verify a couple of purchases .
The cardholders do n’t even resent these phone calls — as long as they ’re infrequent — so the cost is just a few minutes of operator time .
Terrorist plots are different .
There is no well - defined profile and attacks are very rare .
Taken together , these facts mean that data - mining systems wo n’t uncover any terrorist plots until they are very accurate , and that even very accurate systems will be so flooded with false alarms that they will be useless .
All data - mining systems fail in two different ways : false positives and false negatives .
A false positive is when the system identifies a terrorist plot that really is n’t one .
A false negative is when the system misses an actual terrorist plot .
Depending on how you “ tune ” your detection algorithms , you can err on one side or the other : you can increase the number of false positives to ensure you are less likely to miss an actual terrorist plot , or you can reduce the number of false positives at the expense of missing terrorist plots .
To reduce both those numbers , you need a well - defined profile .
And that ’s a problem when it comes to terrorism .
In hindsight , it was really easy to connect the 9/11 dots and point to the warning signs , but it ’s much harder before the fact .
Certainly , many terrorist plots share common warning signs , but each is unique , as well .
The better you can define what you ’re looking for , the better your results will be .
Data mining for terrorist plots will be sloppy , and it ’ll be hard to find anything useful .
Data mining is like searching for a needle in a haystack .
There are 900 million credit cards in circulation in the United States .
According to the FTC September 2003 Identity Theft Survey Report , about 1 percent ( 10 million ) cards are stolen and fraudulently used each year .
When it comes to terrorism , however , trillions of connections exist between people and events — things that the data - mining system will have to “ look at ” — and very few plots .
This rarity makes even accurate identification systems useless .
Let ’s look at some numbers .
We ’ll be optimistic — we ’ll assume the system has a one in 100 false - positive rate ( 99 percent accurate ) , and a one in 1,000 false - negative rate ( 99.9 percent accurate ) .
Assume 1 trillion possible indicators to sift through : that ’s about 10 events — e-mails , phone calls , purchases , web destinations , whatever — per person in the United States per day .
Also assume that 10 of them are actually terrorists plotting .
This unrealistically accurate system will generate 1 billion false alarms for every real terrorist plot it uncovers .
Every day of every year , the police will have to investigate 27 million potential plots in order to find the one real terrorist plot per month .
Raise that false - positive accuracy to an absurd 99.9999 percent and you ’re still chasing 2,750 false alarms per day — but that will inevitably raise your false negatives , and you ’re going to miss some of those 10 real plots .
This is n’t anything new .
In statistics , it ’s called the “ base rate fallacy , ” and it applies in other domains as well .
For example , even highly accurate medical tests are useless as diagnostic tools if the incidence of the disease is rare in the general population .
Terrorist attacks are also rare , any “ test ” is going to result in an endless stream of false alarms .
This is exactly the sort of thing we saw with the NSA ’s eavesdropping program : the New York Times reported that the computers spat out thousands of tips per month .
Every one of them turned out to be a false alarm .
And the cost was enormous — not just for the FBI agents running around chasing dead - end leads instead of doing things that might actually make us safer , but also the cost in civil liberties .
The fundamental freedoms that make our country the envy of the world are valuable , and not something that we should throw away lightly .
Data mining can work .
It helps Visa keep the costs of fraud down , just as it helps Amazon alert me to books I might want to buy and Google show me advertising I ’m more likely to be interested in .
But these are all instances where the cost of false positives is low ( a phone call from a Visa operator or an uninteresting ad ) in systems that have value even if there is a high number of false negatives .
Finding terrorism plots is not a problem that lends itself to data mining .
It ’s a needle - in - a - haystack problem , and throwing more hay on the pile does n’t make that problem any easier .
We ’d be far better off putting people in charge of investigating potential plots and letting them direct the computers , instead of putting the computers in charge and letting them decide who should be investigated .
Categories : Privacy and Surveillance , Terrorism
Introduction - What 's New - Site Map
Panzer Profiles - Additional Information
Vehicles of the Wehrmacht - Military Links
Bron Pancerna - Forum
Hans - Ulrich Rudel
( July , 1916 - 1982 )
Hans Rudel is not the kind of " Panzer Ace " such as Wittmann or Barkmann , simply because he was " Stuka Ace " and destroyed enemy armored fighting vehicles from the air .
During his career , as Stuka pilot he managed to destroy enormous number of enemy equipment , including 519 Soviet tanks .
Hans - Ulrich Rudel was born in 1916 in Silesia .
He was the son of a clergyman - minister .
He was never good at school and received limited education .
Rudel was a teenager when the NSDAP took charge and became indoctrinated at very early age .
Since young age , Rudel showed interest in sports and did not do well in school .
In 1936 , he joined the Luftwaffe as an cadet officer as a way to continue and develop his sporting activities .
After passing his flying training course and becoming a pilot , Hans Rudel applied for further training in the technique of the dive - bombing but was turned down .
Instead , he received reconnaissance observer 's training and flew long range reconnaissance missions during Polish Campaign in September of 1939 as a Lieutenant .
On October 11th of 1939 , Rudel was awarded Iron Cross 2nd Class .
At the same , Rudel continued applying for Ju - 87 Stuka ( Sturzkampfflugzeug - dive bomber ) training course and was finally admitted in May of 1940 .
After the completion of the course , Oberleutnant Rudel was posted to Stuka Training Wing near Stuttgart , where he spent the French Campaign .
Afterwards , Rudel was transferred to 1st Staffel ( 1st Squadron ) of Stukageschwader 2 ( Dive - Bomber Group 2 ) and took part in the airborne invasion of Crete in May of 1941 , although not in the battle zone .
In preparations for the Operation Barbarossa , Rudel 's Group was transferred to the Eastern Front and on June 23rd of 1941 at 3:00 am flew his first combat dive - bombing mission .
During next 18 hours , he flew total four combat missions .
On July 18th of 1941 , Rudel was awarded Iron Cross 1st Class .
On September 23rd of 1941 , Rudel 's Group ( 1st and 2nd Wing ) attacked elements of the Soviet Baltic Fleet in Kronstadt harbor ( Leningrad area ) .
During the attack , Rudel sunk Soviet Battleship " Marat " with 1000kg bomb hitting its ammunition store and breaking the ship in half - " We 've got her ... you must have hit her ammunition store ... She is blowing up ! " ( Rudel 's rear gunner Scharnovski over the intercom ) .
On Christmas Day , December 24th of 1941 , Rudel flew his 500th mission and on December 30th , was decorated with Deutsches Kreuz ( German Cross ) in Gold by General Freiherr Wolfram von Richthofen himself ( who was Manfred von Richthofen 's cousin ) .
After that , Hans Rudel was sent to Graz to lecture and train new Stuka crews .
On January 15th of 1942 , he was awarded with Knights Cross and eventually returned to the Eastern Front on his own demand in June of 1942 .
In September of 1942 , Rudel received the command of the 1st Staffel of the 1st Wing of Stukageschwader 2 ( 1StG2 ) , while operating in the Stalingrad area .
At that time , his squadron was often sent to attack Soviet tank units , when inadequacy of bombs against tanks was realized .
On February 10th of 1943 , Hans Rudel flew his 1000th mission and became a national hero to the German public .
Rudel was then posted to the new special " Panzerjagdkommando Weiss " unit formed at Briansk to test newly developed tank - busting version of Ju- 87 D - 3 .
Modified Stuka armed with two Rheinmetall - Borsig 37 mm ( BK ) Flak 18 guns ( each mounted in special canopy under each wing with 6 rounds of ammunition ) was developed at the Luftwaffe 's experimental station at Rechlin ( near Neustrelitz , Germany ) .
Prototypes were used at first against Soviet landing crafts in the Black Sea and in the space of three weeks , Rudel destroyed 70 such boats .
In March of 1943 , during a tank battle around Belgorod , Rudel knocked out his first tank with his new tank - busting Stuka - " ... my rear gunner who said that the tank exploded like a bomb and he had seen bits of it crashing down behind us . "
( Hans - Ulrich Rudel ) .
Later on , more Ju - 87 D - 3s were converted to tank - busters and were designated as Ju- 87 G - 1 ( often nicknamed Panzerknacker - Tank Buster or Kanonenvogel - Cannon Bird ) and started arriving on the Eastern Front in October of 1943 .
On April 14th of 1943 , Hans Rudel was awarded Oakleaves to his Knights Cross .
Captain Hans Rudel 's squadron of nine tank - busting Ju- 87 G - 1 was assigned to support of the 3rd SS Panzer Division " Totenkopf " .
On the first day of the Operation Citadel , during his first mission , Rudel knocked out four Soviet tanks and by the evening , his score grew to twelve .
" We are all seized with a kind of passion for the chase from the glorious feeling of having saved much German bloodshed with every tank destroyed . "
- Hans Rudel .
At the same time , because of Rudel 's squadron ' ssuccess , Panzerstaffels ( Tank Destroyer Squadrons ) were formed .
Based on his experiences , Rudel developed new tactics for Panzerstaffels .
He found that the best way to knock out tanks was to hit them in the back ( T - 34 's rear mounted engine and its cooling system did not permit the installation of heavier armor plating ) or the side .
Interesting fact is that attacking the back of the tank meant that the plane had to come from the rear flying towards friendly territory - great advantage if the plane got damaged during the attack .
On October 25th of 1943 , Hans Rudel was awarded Swords to his Knights Cross with Oakleaves .
In early March of 1944 , he flew his 1500th mission and was promoted to the rank of Major .
In late March , during a mission , Rudel 's squadron was attacked by a squadron of Soviet Lavochkin La - 5 fighters .
One Stuka was shot down and crash landed with its crew unharmed , Hans Rudel decided to land and rescue his comrades stuck in the enemy territory .
He landed and rescued his friends but could not take off because of the soft ground .
They were forced to escape on foot towards German lines being chased by the Russians .
Rudel and his comrades reached the river Dniestr and swam 600 m in the ice cold water and just before reaching the other side , Rudel 's rear gunner drowned .
Eventually , wounded Rudel was the only one who managed to escape and reached German lines .
He then returned to his unit , where he was cheerfully welcomed by his comrades .
On March 29th of 1944 , for his bravery , Major Hans - Ulrich Rudel was awarded Diamonds to his Knights Cross with Oakleaves and Swords , the highest German military award .
In November of 1944 , while flying near Budapest , he was shot in the thigh but returned to service few days later with his leg in a plaster cast .
On January 1st of 1945 , Rudel was awarded the Knights Cross with Golden Oakleaves , Swords and Diamonds , being the only recipient of this award specially created for him .
In February of 1945 , Rudel was seriously wounded and his right thigh was shattered by anti-aircraft fire near Lebus ( near Frankfurt am der Oder ) .
He managed to land in German held territory and was quickly taken to the field hospital , where his leg was amputated .
Rudel was then taken to the hospital in Berlin , where he had an artificial limb fitted and then returned to his squadron .
In the last days of the war , Colonel Rudel commanded the oldest and the best known close assault / support Stuka group - Schlachtgeschwader 2 Immelmann .
He was still operating with his unit in last days of war on the Eastern Front .
At the end of the war , Rudel wanted to fly a suicide attack with his squadron but hissuperior ordered him not to take off because " he might be needed later " , which might have been the only reason why he did n't do so .
He also volunteered to fly his Stuka into Berlin in May of 1945 to rescue Hitler from the Red Army .
On May 8th of 1945 , when Germany surrendered , Colonel Hans Rudel who was in Bohemia , flew his last mission in Ju - 87 Stuka .
He managed to contact American forces and arranged for himself and other planes to fly over to Kitzingen airfield ( near Wurzburg ) in the American zone , escaping the capture by the Soviets .
Afterwards , Hans Rudel was interrogated first in England and then in France and eventually returned to hospital in Bavaria for convalesce .
In 1946 , Rudel left the Bavarian hospital and started working as a haulage contractor and in 1948 , left for Argentina , where he worked for the State Airplane Worksand organized with other escaped Nazis a NSDAP party - like structure .
In 1951 , Rudel published two booklets in Buenos Aires , " Wir Frontsoldaten zur Wiederaufrüstung " ( We Frontline Soldiers and Our Opinion to Rearmament of Germany ) and " Dolchstoß oder Legende " ( Daggerthrust or Legend ) .
In the first book , Rudel claims to speak for all frontline soldiers stating that they would fight again against the Bolsheviks and that Germany 's " Lebensraum " ( Living Space ) is in the East .
In his second book , Rudel condemns notonly all the soldiers who tried to kill Hitler as traitors , but also the staff officers of the Wehrmacht stating that both groups were directly responsible for the defeat .
Rudel condemns soldiers because the turmoil caused by the assassination allowed the Allied forces to succeed with the Invasion of Europe , while he condemns the staff officers of the Wehrmacht because they could not see Hitler 's genius in warfare and worked silently against him .
Those two booklets were followed by some more of similar nature .
Hans - Ulrich Rudel eventually returned to Germany in early 1950s and in 1953 , published his war diary entitled " Trotzdem " ( Nevertheless ) .
There was a discussion in Germany if it should be allowed that his diary was published , because he was known as a Nazi , but in 1953 , it was no longer that bad to be a Nazi .
Most people wanted to forget , mostly their own part of the story , while some Nazis became politicians and businessmen and the Witschaftswunder ( The rise of the industry and economy ) made the Germans interested in other things .
Rudel continued his sporting activities and became a candidate for the Deutsche Reichspartei ( DRP ) an ultraconservative party but was unsuccessful .
The " Stuka Ace " died in Germany in 1982 .
In 1984 , his diary was published again and two of the greatest Allied fighter pilots , Douglas Bader and Pierre Clostermann wrote a warm and praising foreword to this edition , surely being unaware of Rudel 's political activities .
Junkers 87 R - 1 Stuka of 2nd Staffel of Stukageschwader 3 ,
over Trapani , Sicily in 1941 .
During his career , Rudel flew over 2530 ( around 400 of his sorties were flown in a Focke - Wulf 190 fighter plane during whichhe was credit with 11 air victories ) missions and destroyed around 150 various artillery pieces , 519 tanks , around 1000 various vehicles , 70 landing crafts , 2 Lavochkin La - 3 fighters , Il - 2 Stormovik and sunk Battleship " Marat " , 2 Cruisers and a Destroyer .
Rudel was responsible for such huge damages to the Red Army that Joseph Stalin himself put a price of 100.000 rubles on his head .
He flew more than 600.000 km and used more than 5.000.000 liters of fuel .
Hans Rudel dropped over 1.000.000kg of bombs , fired over 1.000.000 of machine gun rounds , over 150.000 20 mm rounds and over 5000 37 mm rounds .
Rudel thought that the Lend - Lease American tanks were easier to kill than the Soviet T - 34s , but he hated their machine guns , because once he was shotdown by one .
Rudel was an outstanding pilot with experience , who loved to fly and destroy .
He hated to take homeleave or sickleave and even when he got his leg amputatedhe was not depressed since he couldstill do what he loved - fly and destroy .
During his career , Hans Rudel showed remarkable power , toughness , fearlessness , unparalleled determination and arrogance but none of his photos show any impact of the hardship of war on his face .
His personal bravery was beyond belief and his place in the annals of military history thoroughly deserved , although it is important to remember the words of an American Protocol - Officer , who absolutely correctly named Rudel " the typical Nazi Officer " .
Rudel 's famous quotation was " Verloren ist nur , wer sich selbst aufgibt " ( " Lost are only those , who abandon themselves " ) .
Some of the information was provided by Jörg Muth .
George Parada
Copyright@1996 -2006
Where traditional young women start families and assimilated ones have trouble finding their social footing , the next generation is brought up — almost by definition — by those who are least assimilated themselves .
You can blame Turkish attitudes if you want , but they arise from a certain objective truth :
The closer one gets to German culture , the farther one gets from family .
There are a lot of ways to measure this .
In North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany ’s most populous state and the one where Duisburg is located , 80 percent of Turks ages 25 to 34 are married ; their average marriage age is 21 for women and 24 for men .
Among non-Turks , only 32 percent of 25 - to 34 - year - olds are married ; the average marriage age is 29 for women and 32 for men .
Germans have one of the lowest fertility rates in the history of the world — 1.36 children per woman , according to 2004 figures .
While it is hard to find precise figures for Turks in Germany , the rate is widely agreed to be higher .
The rate in Turkey itself is almost twice as high , at 2.4 children per woman .
If a good chance of childlessness and middle - aged solitude is the price of assimilation , it is for many Turks an exorbitant one .
According to a study done by the Center for Turkey Studies in Essen , young Turkish women and men brought up in Germany view their fellow Turkish - Germans of the opposite sex as “ distant from their own culture , or ‘ degenerate . ’ ”
You seldom meet young Turkish women of marriage age who describe themselves as either unambiguously traditional or unambiguously modern .
Take Yasemin Yadigaroglu , for instance .
A tight , traditional head scarf covers every last strand of her hair .
But there is something bold and dashing about her , as well as conservative .
At 26 , she leads a campaign supported by the Duisburg city government to dissuade Turks from marrying their cousins .
A German citizen born in Duisburg , she studied social science at the University of Duisburg - Essen .
Unlike Kelek , Yadigaroglu is an observant Muslim .
She says that cousin marriage is “ a misrepresentation of Islam . ”
Yet despite her religious bent , Yadigaroglu ’s preoccupations and even conclusions about the family overlap with Kelek’s .
Yadigaroglu claims that marriage between cousins retards assimilation , that it contributes to parallel societies like the ones Ceylan describes in Hochfeld and that it is responsible for birth defects .
In an academic paper , she even hints at a feminist critique of the traditional Turkish family .
“ Through marriage to a cousin , ” she writes , “ a new role orientation gets established within the family .
The aunt and uncle become in - laws .
The new daughter - in - law sinks to the lowest level of the family hierarchy , in marked contrast to her previous role as niece . ”
One Friday afternoon just before evening prayers , I traveled to Wanheimerort , a dockside area just south of Hochfeld , to see four young women between 17 and 20 who meet there every week .
All were born in Turkey but have spent much of their lives in Wanheimerort .
At least two are German citizens .
Esra is studying mathematics at a university nearby , Fatma and Meltem are on their way there and Guler studies dental hygiene .
Esra , at least , spoke terrific English but would n’t use it , perhaps out of consideration for the several non-English speakers in the room .
The Ditib mosque they attend is among the more liberal in the area , but all the girls except Fatma were wearing head scarves .
I thought of Yadigaroglu , with her mix of tradition and eagerness to assimilate and decided to ask whether — given their career tracks — any of them might consider themselves feminists , if only in an unconventional way .
Their answers were : Nein , nein , nein and nein .
“ Women think this word makes them more and more free , ” one said scornfully .
Young men I met were often more sour and defensive in such discussions .
It was as if they wanted to be clear about just who was rejecting whom in this battle between their egos and the wider society ’s values .
In the Duisburg neighborhood of Meiderich , I visited a German - literature class at the local high school and asked a room full of 18 - year - olds to talk about marriage .
Three - quarters had a Turkish background .
One , Husayn , spoke of how he had already been betrothed to a cousin at a family celebration in Bielefeld and was looking forward to standing on his own two feet .
Several said that brothers and sisters had married cousins from Turkey , yet each one of them presented that as a special case , an exception .
But one student , a sharp - tongued fellow named Yavuz , had noticed the erosion of the Turkish family model in Germany .
It struck him as a catastrophe .
“ Father and son are no longer father and son , ” he complained .
“ They ’re buddies to one another .
Your father becomes someone to go out and have a beer with . ”
And Turks ’ tendency to marry their cousins did not look so bad , Yavuz said , with the air of one repeating something heard over a dinner table , when you consider that “ one out of six Germans commits incest . ”
I had heard similar things elsewhere in Germany .
In the Comenius Garden in Neukolln , a particularly tough part of Berlin , Murat , Ali and Hakan , all in their late teens , were passing a freezing cold afternoon chatting and making up rap verses .
Ali , whose family comes from the Black Sea port of Rize , is the son of a local NeukÃ¶lln imam .
He is training to be a plumber but is not employed yet .
He is betrothed to a “ friend ” in Turkey .
The person who introduced me to Ali said Ali ’s other friends had spoken of the woman as his cousin .
So I started by asking him why he had looked for his wife in Turkey .
“ German girls are Schlampen , ” he replied .
They ’re sluts .
Lost Legends
These legends are n’t really lost — we ’ve known where they were the whole time !
We created The Repository of Lost Legends ( TRoLL for short ) for those of you who do n’t let the truth get in the way of a good story .
If you have a taste for the unusual and arcane ( and can suspend your disbelief just a little ) , sample some of these precious gems .
We do n't have mass deaths from dysentery in the United Kingdom , though babies here are five times more likely to be admitted to hospital with gastroenteritis if they are bottle - fed .
But if children do n't breastfeed they become susceptible to an astonishing range of illnesses and conditions , regardless of how rich their parents are .
A study of 600 Dutch people around 50 years old found that those who had been bottle - fed had higher rates of risk factors for cardiovascular disease than those who had been breastfed .
A meta-analysis of studies covering 69,000 children found that breastfeeding protects against obesity .
It also appears to reduce the incidence of asthma , allergies , childhood cancers , diabetes , ear infections , Crohn 's and colitis ( the references are on my website ) .
So how well do we do ?
About as badly as a developed nation can .
In a recent survey of 16 European countries , the UK comes second to last , beating only Belgium .
When our babies are six months old , just 21 % receive any breastmilk , while in Norway the rate is 80 % ; 24 % of British babies never taste breastmilk at all - in Norway it 's 2 % .
Remember this next time someone tells you that the rate can't be increased because lots of women can't produce milk .
The constraint is not biological but political .
The Norwegian government has passed laws that make breastfeeding as easy as possible : all women are entitled to a year 's maternity leave on 80 % pay , and state employees are given special breastfeeding breaks .
Here we have been allowed to remain in an almost medieval state of ignorance .
A survey by the Department of Health found that a fifth of women under 24 thought breastfeeding would ruin their bodies , and that women greatly overestimated the difficulties of producing milk .
Perhaps most significantly , 34 % believed that infant formula milks were " very similar " to or " the same " as breastmilk .
A poll by Mori for the National Childbirth Trust found that about a third of women had received the impression that infant formula was " as good as " or " better than " breastmilk .
How could this idea have persisted , despite all that we now know about breastfeeding ?
Partly because the formula companies have been able to keep making bold claims about their products .
In January the body that coordinates the enforcement of trading standards sent a letter to all the local authorities in the UK .
It listed five kinds of claim that are not compliant with British regulations on selling infant formula .
One of them was " closer than ever to breastmilk " .
Yesterday morning I bought three cartons of infant formula from my local co-op and chemist .
On the front of Cow & Gate 's packet is " Closer than ever to breastmilk " .
SMA Gold is " now even closer to breastmilk " , while Milupa 's Aptamil is " the closest to breastmilk " .
The claim that " prebiotics " support a baby 's " natural defences " is also ruled out .
But yesterday I learned that " babies thrive when their natural immune system is supported , so Cow & Gate babymilks are developed with special nutrients , such as prebiotics , that can do this .
It 's our way of helping you to protect your baby . "
The Aptamil packet claims that " prebiotics ... support your baby 's natural immune system " .
It also made claims , about fatty acids , nucleotides and betacarotene , of the kind the letter warned against .
All five of the examples listed in the letter , in other words , appear on just three packets .
The packaging also seems to contravene a guideline laid down by the World Health Assembly in its international code on breastmilk substitutes : that containers should not show " pictures or text which may idealise the use of infant formula " .
The Aptamil box carries a picture of smiling faces hanging from a baby 's mobile .
Cow & Gate 's carton has a cute picture of a teddy bear with a bottle , and SMA has a fluffy duckling sleeping with a contented smile .
Baby Milk Action contends that some companies have found a clever way of getting round the law banning adverts for infant formula .
They legally advertise follow - on formula instead .
The packets of infant and follow - on milk sit next to each other on the shelf and look very similar : the advertising for one product is likely to affect sales of the other .
Campaigners point to some adverts that do n't make it clear which of the two products they are promoting .
When Baby Milk Action complained to the Advertising Standards Authority , it was told that the authority wo n't investigate unless the adverts specifically mention infant formula .
Follow - on milk , according to the World Health Assembly , is unnecessary .
I would not suggest that a woman sees a fluffy duckling and thinks , " Right , I 'll give up breastfeeding . "
But if she is having trouble producing milk , the packaging appears to offer reassurance : " Closer than ever to breastmilk " might sound close enough .
The law can be tightened , but only with your help .
For the past three years , the Food Standards Agency - having at last got something right - has been pushing the European commission for tougher rules .
Outgunned by corporate lobbyists , it has mostly failed .
In December the commission issued a new directive that , far from banning the advertising of follow - on milk , appears to ban the banning of it .
Though the commission 's own scientific advisory body says the manufacturers should remove all nutrition claims except " lactose free " , the new directive would allow companies to make other statements for which the scientists say there is no evidence .
An obscure rule allowed the commission to draw up the directive without consulting the European parliament .
The bureaucrats and the corporate lobbyists have been unmolested by the interests of the hoi polloi , and it shows .
The British government has some discretion about how this directive will be passed into law , and the Food Standards Agency is currently drawing up a legal instrument for implementing it .
But it has hit another obstacle : a corporate sleeper cell inserted into the heart of government by Tony Blair , called the Better Regulation Executive .
Its function seems to be to block any rule that might interfere with a company 's ability to make money .
Its executive chairman , William Sargent , previously ran a company which produces digital images for the advertising industry .
Government officials report that Sargent is fiercely opposed to making the advertising rules any tougher than the directive requires .
Left to their own devices , our two prime ministers will put healthy profits ahead of healthy children .
So they must not be left to their own devices .
We have one chance , by lobbying Downing Street , to help the progressives in government to beat back the corporate yes men .
We should use it .
www.monbiot.com
AlterNet :
While most observers are focused on the U.S. Congress as it continues to issue new rubber stamps to legitimize Bush 's permanent designs on Iraq , nationalists in the Iraqi parliament -- now representing a majority of the body -- continue to make progress towards bringing an end to their country 's occupation .
The parliament today passed a binding resolution that will guarantee lawmakers an opportunity to block the extension of the UN mandate under which coalition troops now remain in Iraq when it comes up for renewal in December .
Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki , whose cabinet is dominated by Iraqi separatists , may veto the measure .
The law requires that any future extensions of the mandate , which have previously been made by Iraq 's Prime Minister , be approved by the parliament .
It is an enormous development ; lawmakers reached in Baghdad today said that they do in fact plan on blocking the extension of the coalition 's mandate when it comes up for renewal six months from now .
San Francisco , 1971 , from the Bay Bridge ( Originals by Bruce Steinberg ) ( Brad 's Photos )
San Francisco , 1971 , from the Bay Bridge ( Originals by Bruce Steinberg )
In 1971 , fellow photographer Bruce Steinberg climbed the Bay Bridge for a photo book on the bridgeworkers .
He shot many photos , including an overlapping set of shots from the top .
They sat , gathering mould , until he saw my panoramic work of SF , and so I scanned his shots and assembled this panorama .
Note the now - demolished Embarcadero Freeway , the lack of Sutro tower , and the Transamerica Pyramid still under construction .
You can enjoy more panoramas on my San Francisco Panorama page with links to many other panoramas and shots .
We also have this image available with over ten times the pixels for those wishing prints .
Lately , I 've heard more people ( men , mostly ) proclaim themselves " libertarian . "
My gut feeling tells me that most of these new " converts " are n't really libertarian , or that they do n't understand what libertarianism is and that they are really just angry at how far off the rails the Republican Party -- their natural habitat -- has drifted under the Moron in Chief .
They are doing this to psychologically remove themselves from the mess they created by voting for Bush and for , until a year or so ago , blindly voting a straight GOP Party ticket for as far back as they can remember .
These " libertarians " are Republicans without the guilt by association or , rather , without the remorse .
By comparison to the utter ineptitude and willful stupidity of the Bush Regime , " libertarianism " sounds smart and sexy , ruggedly individualistic and hardboiled .
Famous libertarians include such hardboiled legumes as Ayn Rand , Grover Norquist and Pat Buchanan .
" Famous " and " libertarian " do n't live in the same sentence for good reasons .
It is a philosophy meant for a fantasy world , a world with , say , 300,000 people in it , tops .
At the moment , the U.S. is home to 300 million people , and the planet is teetering under the weight and environmental demands of 7 billion people and both totals are rising daily as the ice caps melt away available land .
Libertarianism is an intellectual luxury that a lot of angry Republicans are affording themselves .
What exactly is it about libertarianism that lapsed Republicans find so appealing ?
After all , libertarianism at its purest is a fairly radical philosophy .
Among the beliefs , straight from their official documents : " People should not be forced to sacrifice their lives and property for the benefit of others . "
" Repeal all laws that presume government knows better than the individual how to run that person 's life . "
" Encourage private sector dissemination of information to help consumers make informed decisions on products and services . "
" We oppose all taxation . "
" An armed citizenry is essential to a free society . "
And so on .
I 'm always being told that libertarians have a lot of " common ground " with " liberals . "
And this may be true , on paper .
They are against coerced military service , government spying on citizens , discrimination against gays , and they are for reproductive rights , the inviolable right to free speech and dissent , strict separation of church and state .
These are good things , to be sure .
And yet , to libertarians " common ground " is a foreign concept .
They do n't think any thing should be " commonly " owned , the " common good " is not worth preserving .
To libertarians , government is evil .
It should not regulate anything : drugs , food , pollution , guns , drugs .
Conversely , everything should be privatized and deregulated .
And , while few libertarian candidates are ever elected to office , their ideas have infiltrated government policy , during the Reagan years , which turned out disastrously .
To a libertarian , a person is his own free agent .
If they were allowed to live by their credo they would have to agree that any person , including their neighbor , can have as many guns and weapons systems as they want and they can shoot them off when they like , as long as they do n't kill your pet dog or children .
Libertarians are opposed to all zoning laws .
A libertarian believes that if he bought the lot next to your house , he could erect a convenience store , skyscraper , munitions plant or gas station there .
One thing I 've noticed about these faux libertarians : I 've yet to meet one who'd turn down an unemployment check or a Social Security payment .
I 've yet to see a libertarian pick up his own trash , repave the potholes on his street , reject FEMA funds when his beach home is washed out to sea , etc .
It 's amazing how quickly the libertarian strain disappears when those professing it lose their jobs or get sick without insurance .
_______
As we 'll mention in an upcoming piece , European languages dominate the list of most popular educational podcasts .
So we thought that we'd highlight the key podcasts that will teach you the major European languages -- Spanish , French , Italian and German .
Meanwhile , if you want to learn English online , please see our piece below .
Bonne chance .
For our complete collection , see How to Learn Languages for Free : Spanish , English , Chinese & Beyond .
French
French for Beginners iTunes Feed Web Site Fun , effective lessons for beginners .
Provided by the French Ecole .
iTunes Feed Web Site Le Journal en français facile iTunes Feed Web Site Nightly news from RFI presented in slowly spoken French to assist you with your comprehension .
iTunes Feed Web Site Learn French by Podcast iTunes Feed Web Site
A well - reviewed series of lessons for beginners and those who want to brush up on their French .
iTunes Feed Web Site Learn French with Daily Podcasts iTunes Feed Web Site
These lessons are brought to you by French teachers from Paris .
They are best suited for those who already have some beginning French under their belts .
iTunes Feed Web Site The French Pod Class iTunes Feed Web Site
A very popular collection that teaches students the French language and different facets of French culture .
iTunes Feed Web Site The Verbcast - French Verbs by Relaxation iTunes Feed Web Site
A four - week series of lessons that will allow you to refine your knowledge of French verbs .
iTunes Feed Web Site
German
Deutsch - warum nicht ?
An extensive collection of introductory German podcasts put together by Deutsche Welle .
Part 1 iTunes Feed Web Site Part 2 iTunes Feed Part 3 iTunes Feed Part 4 iTunes Feed
Slowly Spoken News iTunes Feed Deutsche
Welle provides a nightly news broadcast in German that 's spoken slowly so that you can work on your comprehension .
iTunes Feed GerGermanGrammar iTunes Feed Web Site German grammar lessons aimed at American students .
iTunes Feed Web Site Lernen Wir Deutsch iTunes Feed Web Site Presented in video , these " vodcasts " get high marks for being not only educational but also very entertaining .
iTunes Feed Web Site MyDailyPhrase.com iTunes Feed Web Site Learn German phrase by phrase over a course of 20 weeks .
The podcasts will cover all the language you need to know to get by on a visit to a German - speaking country .
This series is put together by the same people created the popular series " Coffee Break Spanish . "
iTunes Feed Web Site
Italian
LearnItalianPod.com iTunes Feed Web Site
A series of Italian language lessons that will get you up and running .
I have personally used them and found them effective .
iTunes Feed Web Site Let's Speak Italian iTunes Feed Web Site
This collection will help you learn Italian in small , manageable 5 - minute bites .
iTunes Feed Web Site MyDailyPhrase.com iTunes Web Site Learn Italian step by step over a course of 20 weeks .
The podcasts will cover all the language you need to know to get by on a visit to a Italian - speaking country .
Created by the same people who put together the popular series " Coffee Break Spanish . "
iTunes Web Site World Languages Podcasting - Italian Podcast iTunes Feed Web Site
It 's admittedly a bit of an untraditional way to learn Italian .
This podcast lets you listen to conversations about Australian culture in Italian .
iTunes Feed Web Site
Spanish
By Elli Leadbeater
Norwich
War it seems is a double - edged sword
Psychologists created an economics game , asking groups of volunteers to decide whether to keep money for themselves or invest in a group fund .
The men in the study were much kinder to groupmates if they thought that other groups were competing with them .
The findings , reported at the British Association 's Science Festival , may help explain the evolutionary roots of men's interest and behaviour in war .
" One of the things that distances us from many other species is that males actually co-operate with each other , " said Professor Mark van Vugt , of the University of Kent .
' Male warrior effect '
Some 300 participants in the games were each initially paid three pounds and divided into groups of six .
They could then choose whether to keep the money , or invest it in a group fund .
They were told that the group fund would later be doubled and divided equally amongst all group members .
The strategy that would make the most money in many situations would involve holding onto your own money , and hoping that others invested in the fund .
The researchers therefore used the amount of money that an individual gave to the fund as a measure of altruism , or kindness to other people .
The scientists found that when people thought that their group was competing against outsiders from other universities , the group dynamic became different to when everyone was competing for themselves .
The men in each group became less self - orientated , and were more altruistic than before , approximately doubling their donations .
" The men actually helped their group by becoming more altruistic towards them , " said Professor van Vugt .
" We 've labelled it the male warrior effect . "
For the women , there was no difference in their behaviour between when they were playing for the group , or for themselves .
Common ancestor
Professor Van Vugt believes that the findings may explain some elements of human warfare .
" We believe that men may have evolved a psychology which makes them particularly interested in war , " he said .
" Men are more likely to support a country going to war .
Men are more likely sign up for the military and men are more likely to lead groups in more autocratic , militaristic ways than women , " he added .
" We all know that males are more aggressive than females , but is that always true ?
" In situations in which you have inter - group encounters , yes , men start becoming more aggressive than women , but with that comes a lot of co-operation within their group . "
Professor Van Vugt said is was likely that the traits observed in the experiment were present in the common ancestor of humans and chimps .
The latter display similar behaviour , albeit in a more primitive form , when they raid neighbouring chimpanzee groups .
The following information was sourced from an unreliable source .
It ’s accuracy has now been discredited .
It appears it was not a Surface computer that was used during the production of “ The Island ” , and in fact most of the credit should go to Mark Coleran and others .
It appears it was not a Surface computer that was used during the production of “ The Island ” , and in fact most of the credit should go to Mark Coleran and others .
An update is provided here
When Microsoft announced the Surface computer weeks ago , anti-Microsoft trolls were quick to frame Microsoft as uninnovative and a copycat .
Their arguments included several examples of prior touch computing interfaces including the practical and modest desk shown in the blockbuster movie , “ The Island ” directed by Michael Bay .
Well as it turns out , the interactive desk used by Dr. Merrick was actually a Surface computer , all the way back in 2005 .
For those of you who have n’t watched “ The Island ” ( check it out ) or forgot this particular scene , it depicts an office environment of the future where a traditional desk , equipment and documents are all replaced by a single interactive desk .
In the movie , the desk is shown to be touch - sensitive – responding to both hands and objects like a pen or a ‘ control diamond ’ .
The entire table is lit with information and one could open , close documents with the control object .
The main actor is also shown sketching on the table inside a ‘ Paint ’ application with a pen , later it is dragged across the table and rotated so the other person could see .
Both people can interact with the desk at once .
In itself , a pretty amazing but believable piece of technology for a science - fiction film .
Who would have known it was a real product ?
I had a chat with Michael Nguyen who assisted in the production of “ The Island ” , working on the interior set design , witnessing the Surface first - hand in production .
So how did the Surface fit in ?
How did you get to acquire such technologies , and how did Microsoft know about the film ?
The Surface fit in because we thought that it looked quite interesting .
The fact that it was touchable , interactive made it a perfect fit for the ‘ futuristic ’ setting of “ The Island ” .
We worked with Microsoft to bring together some of their existing technologies to make them look ahead of its time .
We just wanted to wow people with what the future could look like , so we talked with Microsoft and other companies about what they wanted shown .
Microsoft was contracted for several product placements in the movie , so they were already involved in the production of the movie .
At that time , when Microsoft approached the production team , what was The Surface like ?
Was it just a beige box with a screen ?
How much has it been developed and how much did you have to ‘ improve ’ ?
When we were working on this , The Surface looked like somewhat to what it is today .
When we first saw it , it had some programs running on there .
It was quite simple , but it seemed to really look like the future of computing already .
We did n’t do many improvements in - house , it was mainly Microsoft who did their stuff .
We just supplied them with information of what we wanted it to achieve in fitting with the plot .
In terms of the interface how much of it was functional ?
Microsoft folks together with some of our own design team put together what we wanted ‘ Surface ’ to look like .
To put it simply , it was really just a pretty user interface and some materials related to the characters like the photos of Jordan 2 Delta and Lincoln 6 Echo .
I do n’t think much of it was functional .
I believe only the drawing application actually worked .
Everything else was just eye - candy and animated in a studio .
It begs me to ask then , since Surface came later during the production of the movie , what did the script originally have ?
A wooden desk with pencils and paper notes ?
The scene was mainly to develop the relationship with Lincoln 6 Echo and Dr. Merrick .
The ‘ Surface ’ was just added fun , to make it look cool .
If that was n’t there , I guess a normal computer with some fancy UI could have been used instead .
So there you have it , Microsoft did not copy “ The Island ” .
In fact , that might have been the first ever public demonstration of the Surface technology hiding right under our noses and no one knew any better .
I wonder then how many other product placements are actually Microsoft developments ?
Could the time - machine in “ Deja Vu ” be one too ?
Update : A video of the scene has now been uploaded .
NBC News : ' Has the vice president gone too far ? '
David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Monday June 25 , 2007 Print This Email This NBC
News reported on Monday that " Dick Cheney is back in a very uncomfortable place for him : the headlines . "
Both a Washington
Post series on the vice president and Cheney 's feud with the National Archives over his handling of classified information are drawing attention to his style of governing .
NBC called Cheney " a master of stealth , even inside the White House , " describing how he put through his policy of holding detainees indefinitely without charges by handing his proposal to the president without the normal staff review .
NBC also noted that " Cheney 's influence turns out to be surprisingly wide - ranging , " encompassing everything from cutting the capital gains tax to ending the ban on snowmobiles in national parks .
" Has the vice - president gone too far ? " asked NBC , adding that " the National Archives thinks so , " because Cheney alone in the executive branch has refused to file required reports or permit inspections of his office 's handling of classified material .
However , the NBC story did not make any mention of Cheney 's having justified his refusal on the novel grounds that he is not a part of the executive branch .
The following video is from NBC's Today Show , broadcast on June 25 .
A fired federal prosecutor described Tuesday how two Republican lawmakers from New Mexico made him feel “ sick ” after they called him -- in one case at his home -- to ask about criminal charges against Democrats last fall , just as one of the officeholders faced a tight reelection race .
The former prosecutor , David C. Iglesias , told congressional committees investigating the firing of him and seven other U.S. attorneys that in mid-October , Rep. Heather A. Wilson grilled him over the phone for information about possible sealed indictments in a call to his hotel room in Washington .
Two weeks later , Iglesias said , Sen. Pete V. Domenici called him at home , expressed disgust that there would be no indictments against Democrats in New Mexico before the November election , and slammed down the phone .
“ I felt sick afterwards , ” Iglesias said .
“ I felt leaned on .
I felt pressured to get these cases moving . ”
Advertisement
The testimony of Iglesias and five other former U.S. attorneys ratcheted up the controversy over the Bush administration ’s motives in replacing them .
Two Democratic - controlled congressional committees are investigating whether any lawmakers violated ethics rules in pushing for their removal .
In a rare spectacle , the ousted prosecutors appeared at a pair of hearings on Capitol Hill , all of them responding to subpoenas and sharing their disbelief and frustration over how they were abruptly terminated by Justice Department officials .
The prosecutors said they could see no clear reason why they were let go other than political motives , noting that supervisors in Washington had praised their work and given them glowing performance evaluations since President Bush took office in 2001 .
One of them , Carol Lam of San Diego , successfully prosecuted former Rep. Randy “ Duke ” Cunningham ( R - Rancho Santa Fe ) , yet was dismissed shortly after indicting two of his partners in a sweeping bribery case .
Advertisement
“ In most of our cases , ” Lam said , speaking for the group , “ we were given little or no information ” about why the firings occurred .
Atty . Gen. Alberto R. Gonzales and Justice Department officials have strongly defended the terminations , saying they were made because the prosecutors had not met expectations or simply to make room for other individuals to have a shot at the traditionally plum jobs .
Administration officials also have noted that U.S. attorneys are political appointees -- a fact clearly understood by the fired prosecutors -- who serve at the pleasure of the president and can be removed at any time for any reason .
“ The department stands by the decisions ” to fire the eight , William E. Moschella , principal associate deputy attorney general , told the House Judiciary Subcommittee on Commercial and Administrative Law .
Advertisement
“ To be clear , ” he said , “ it was for reasons related to policy , priorities and management that these U.S. attorneys were asked to resign . ”
He said the Justice Department “ would have preferred ” that the dismissals not become such a hot political issue .
“ In hindsight , ” he said , “ perhaps this situation could have been handled better . ”
‘ Threat ’ described
The firings have left most of the eight prosecutors angry .
At Tuesday ’s hearings , H.E. “ Bud ” Cummins III , the former U.S. attorney in Little Rock , Ark. , said he was pushed aside to make room for Timothy Griffin , a Republican operative for chief White House political advisor Karl Rove .
Advertisement
Cummins also charged that the administration had continued to hound the prosecutors .
He said a top Justice Department official warned him last month against talking to the media or Congress about the firings -- a “ threat ” he passed on to his other former colleagues .
John McKay , the fired prosecutor in Seattle , said he was incensed by the requests not to go public .
Looking around the open hearing room , he told a large group of reporters and members of the Senate Judiciary Committee : “ I did not feel at all intimidated .
Instead , it made me angry .
Hence my presence here . ”
McKay revealed a new allegation of political pressure .
He said that in 2004 , during a series of vote recounts in which a Democrat was narrowly elected governor of Washington state , the then - chief of staff for Rep. Doc Hastings ( R - Wash . ) called him and began inquiring about the status of a federal investigation into vote fraud .
Advertisement
McKay said he quickly cut off the caller , whom he identified as Ed Cassidy , because he felt the conversation might constitute obstruction of justice .
“ I was concerned and dismayed by the call , ” McKay said .
Hastings , who in 2005 and ’06 chaired the House Ethics Committee and remains its ranking GOP member , said Cassidy ’s call and the phone conversation were “ entirely appropriate . ”
“ It was a simple inquiry and nothing more , ” Hastings said .
Of McKay , he said , “ I simply cannot understand why he did n’t just pick up the phone to make me aware of his concern about my aide ’s call . ”
Iglesias acknowledged that he likewise did not report the phone calls from Wilson and Domenici and said he came forward about them only after he was fired .
Advertisement
He said he was hesitant at first because Wilson , a House member since 1998 , had been a “ friend and ally ” in New Mexico politics and because he considered Domenici , a 34 - year veteran of the Senate , to be a “ mentor . ”
“ I felt a conflict between my loyalty to them and my duty to report , ” Iglesias said .
But he said he felt he was betrayed when he was fired , adding : “ I ’ve always been trained that loyalty is a two - way street .
So upon further reflection I thought the right thing to do was to go public . ”
The Justice Department disclosed Monday that Domenici contacted top Justice Department officials four times in the last two years to criticize the prosecutor ’s performance .
Advertisement
Iglesias offered the most riveting testimony at Tuesday ’s hearings in describing the two phone calls , which Wilson and Domenici have acknowledged making but have denied were aimed at pressuring the prosecutor .
‘ Red flags went up ’
Last fall , Iglesias said , his office was investigating allegations of Democratic corruption in New Mexico at a time when Wilson and Patricia Madrid , the Democratic state attorney general , were vying for Wilson ’s House seat .
Wilson eventually won in a squeaker .
Iglesias said Wilson called him at his Washington hotel room Oct. 16 .
They first joked about his being in Washington , he said , and then she changed the subject .
She said she had been hearing about sealed indictments .
Advertisement
“ Red flags went up in my head , ” Iglesias said .
“ We can not talk about sealed indictments . ”
He said he responded evasively to her and ended the call .
“ She was not happy , ” Iglesias recalled .
The call to his home two weeks later was placed by Domenici ’s chief of staff , Steve Bell .
He told Iglesias that their office was getting complaints from citizens , and Bell then handed the phone to the senator .
Iglesias said Domenici wanted to know if any indictments would be filed before the Nov. 7 election .
The prosecutor said , “ I do n’t think so . ”
Iglesias said the senator responded , “ I ’m very sorry to hear that . ”
Advertisement
And then , Iglesias said , “ the line went dead . ”
richard.serrano@latimes.com
ABC on Bibletown , USA : ' Where church and state are one '
David Edwards
Published : Saturday July 21 , 2007 Print This Email This
Built from scratch to fulfill the lifelong dream of Domino 's Pizza founder Thomas S. Monaghan , the town of Ave Maria , Florida is being called a " refuge for Christian values in the secular age . "
Ave Maria is centered around a 1,100 - seat Roman Catholic church , and businesses are told not to sell contraceptives .
" I put basically everything I had into it , not only my money , but the rest of my life , " Monaghan said of the town , according to ABC News .
" There are no adult book stores or strip clubs , and local businesses are urged not to sell contraceptives or birth control , " Gigi Stone reports for ABC News .
The following video is from ABC's , Good Morning America broadcast on July 21 .
New York Magazine
Well , I do n’t talk that much to them — maybe people think I do .
I know something which is known to few but is not a secret .
Karl
Rove is not a believer , and he does n’t shout it from the rooftops , but when asked , he answers quite honestly .
I think the way he puts it is , “ I ’m not fortunate enough to be a person of faith . ”
Interesting .
According to Hitchens , Bush is aware of Rove 's lack of belief , however , he thinks this is unlikely to be an issue since Bush 's own faith may be something less than sincere .
Could it be that the pair rode to power simply because they were able to skillfully manipulate legions of uneducated Christians with gay marriage and abortion ?
Could it be that one of the most powerful men in America 's most overtly religious political administration is actually an atheist ?
According to , Turdblossom is a non-believer .
In a recent interview with , Hitchens was asked whether anyone in the Bush administration has reported atheism .
He replied ,
Our apologies a Typepad error has swallowed this post ; might any of you have a copy of it to send me and / or put in the comments ?
In any case the comments are excellent … in the post I recommended Mankiw ’s text , the reading list on his blog , Freakonomics , Tim Harford , my own In Praise of Commercial Culture , and texts by Hal Varian and Eric Rasmusen , among other sources .
Most of all just let loose and break from your reading program to follow your inclinations and passions …
Addendum : Simon Taylor comes to the rescue , here was the original post :
I am a chemistry major interested in learning economics in my spare time .
With summer fast approaching , I ’ll have more spare time to pursue the subject than I currently do .
I would like to start with the basics and pursue micro and macro up to an advanced level .
( I realize , of course , this can not be done over the summer alone . )
I ’ve never taken an economics course before , but being a science student , I can handle a mathematically intensive approach .
I am wondering if you could recommend some textbooks , journal articles , and any influential books by economists that you would encourage others to read , as well as provide some recommendations as to the order in which these things should be studied .
The best start is our blogroll and then try Mankiw ’s Principles book if you need the background and do n’t mind the length .
More generally , here is Greg ’s recommended reading list , though I do n’t like Heilbroner ’s book .
I also recommend Arnold Kling ’s on - line text , my own In Praise of Commercial Culture , but best of all is having an office next door to Alex , Bryan , and Robin .
For mathematical approaches , see the Ph.d. textbook by Hal Varian , Eric Rasmusen ’s Games and Signalling , Milton Friedman ’s old Price Theory book , and quiz yourself with micro puzzles until you drop dead .
Most of all , I do n’t think people much stick to reading programmes , nor should they .
It is best is to jump off track and pursue the diversions which fascinate you .
Readers , what else do you recommend ?
DIGG THIS
Occasionally I experience an epiphany from unexpected quarters .
This morning was one when my wife and I discussed the standardized test she must soon administer to the 9 - and 10 - year - olds in her fourth grade public school classroom .
She encounters many differences in her job between when she taught fourth grade over twenty years ago , prior to her resignation to parent our three sons full - time , and her return to teaching a couple years ago .
One of the most frustrating is the advent of " school report cards " based on standardized tests .
My wife is not opposed to standards and evaluation of outcomes in educating students .
This just is n’t the place for a long discussion delving into how evaluation might be successfully structured in the coercively funded environment of a socialized education model , much less the variety of approaches a true free market in educational services might yield .
Let ’s face it ; if I knew how the latter of these might look , I ’d be the ultimate educational entrepreneur ( which I ’m not ) .
Readers of LRC know how one - size - fits - all standardized testing is an alphabet soup of all the stupidities of command / control business models .
Inevitably the teachers are being bent to teach to the test , classroom initiative is stifled , and the school board is considering district - wide changes ( having nothing to do with actual learning ) justified by the belief they ’ll enhance test scores .
It ’s Taylorism ’s " one best way " without the rationality - inducing discipline of profit / loss .
No matter how deluded are the architects of the tests , their subsidiaries ca n’t go out of business .
It was during a discussion of the specific test questions where I suddenly realized what was really going on here .
While some of the math questions in the teacher ’s practice manual were relatively simple , others involved elementary algebra ( remember , these are 9 - and 10 - year - olds ) .
The jaw - droppers were the " extended response " questions , where a child is given a single question with up to 55 minutes to provide a free - form explanation , possibly including drawings and mathematical rationale , for an answer .
Yes , you read that right .
Think you might have found that a little overwhelming when you were in fourth grade ?
I ’ll get to that , but first let me boast for just one moment .
My sons are math whizzes .
Seriously , they are all one step short of extraordinary , having all gone to state math team finals ( the math equivalent of the state football quarter - and semi- finals ) , and the two in college breezed through calculus courses that stumped other high schools ’ valedictorians .
( Okay , maybe this last is a bit of hyperbole , but I ’m their father … what did you expect ?
They did get straight A’s while screwing up the curve for the rest of their classmates . )
( I might add that this is quite a validation of my wife ’s teaching qualifications , not to mention those of their superlative math team coach in high school . )
At 9 years of age , I doubt any of them could have answered half the questions in the teacher ’s test booklet .
My youngest , in fact , would have taken one look at one of the " extended response " questions ( NOT the example in the PDF file on the state ’s web site , which is easy ) , yawned , contemplated his finger nails , and spent the other 54 minutes staring out the window at the playground .
Could he have answered it ?
Perhaps .
That ’s a BIG perhaps as it took me a little while to figure it out , and he said half his sophomore - year high school classmates today would n’t touch it .
But why would he have bothered in fourth grade ?
What was in it for him ?
Nada .
So my wife is understandably anxious when she looks across the 24 kids in her class and figures that only the two or three most motivated and able students will have reached the abstract conceptual skills needed to analyze and answer the questions , and she must cross her fingers that they are encouraged by no more than their respect for her to do their best .
My wife , I might add , was the first and only teacher in the school to volunteer to participate in the elementary school version of the math team competitions that so engaged our own sons .
She thus has quite a good idea of what push - the - envelope math skills are found among her students .
As I said , maybe two or three kids … 10 % .
I asked myself , again and again .
What does this mean ?
Why would the education bureaucrats in Springfield construct a test for little kids , many of whom still struggle with the basics , that looks more like a math team competition test intended to produce scores in the 50 — 75 % range even among the very brightest students ?
Are they setting the schools up …to fail ?
[ Here ’s where the light bulb flickered on above my head .
See if it does for you , too , when you ask if there ’s some potential benefit for school bureaucrats to promote a widespread recognition that the schools in their charge are failing .
Maybe I should add that in Illinois there ’s a very powerful coalition that ’s trying to get a state income tax increase passed to stuff the budgets of public school administrators & unions and cut out the last vestiges of local restraint via property tax limits . ]
You bet .
I think among the many motivations for the tests is that they ’re trying to establish a school crisis that demands the state income tax be raised from 3 % to 4 % or more ( at least a massive 33 % increase !! ) .
Call me cynical , but now I ’m awaiting the press releases and the newspaper editorials .
After all , the county where I live got voters to approve an additional 1 % sales tax ( which was a whopping 16 % increase in the tax rate ) to fund a new jail ( and all sorts of other boondoggles now surfacing ) by telling people it would only cost them a penny ( " a penny for safety " ) .
How many public school alumni voted for it because they could n’t do the math ?
Maybe that , too , is the point .
February 21 , 2007
David Calderwood [ send him mail ] a businessman , artist , and author of the novel Revolutionary Language , selected January 2000 Freedom Book of the Month at Free - market .
net .
The Best of David Calderwood
Top 5 Online Rss Readers
Like many news junkies I read a lot of blog posts every day .
But I only occasionally visit a blog ’s web site .
Most of the time I read the most recent posts in their RSS stream .
I catch up on news this way with my laptop in my sofa in the evening , when I have a minute at work or in hotel rooms or air port lounges when I travel .
I need a reliable and powerful online Web feed reader .
Below are my five favorites .
What do I look for in an online RSS or Atom Web feed reader ?
What are the criteria I have used , sifting through all of the great alternatives available ?
I am a busy girl , so I want a service that does not require a lot of muddling around to figure out .
For a reader to be considered , it needs to have reliable import and export capabilities — I want to bring my subscriptions with me if I find a better service .
It has to be easy to sort and browse the feeds and items .
These basic features are what I had my mind set on when I went looking for a new RSS reader .
If a service offers other , more advanced features , I do n’t mind — as long as they do not detract from the general usability of the service .
I have not considered start pages like Netvibes or My Yahoo .
Often , their RSS capabilities are not powerful enough .
And I am looking for an RSS reader for doing online research and I am steering clear of optional horoscopes , cartoons or celebrity news .
Google Reader
I have been using Google Reader for some months now .
When it was launched , it had a confusing interface and not very impressive features , but that has all changed and it is now a good RSS reader .
It took me a little while to figure out how to set up Google Reader the way I wanted .
Once that was done , using it was fun .
It looks good and does everything I want from it , except for some quirks which I will describe below .
My favorite Google Reader feature is that you can switch between expanded view and list view using two tabs in the upper right corner .
There is also an option to share items easily .
All you have to do is to click “ Share ” at the end of the item .
You can find the URL to your shared items under Settings ->
Tags .
These shared items can also be added to your blog so your visitors can see your recent favorite news items .
Andy Beal over at Marketing Pilgrim has included his shared items under the heading “ Pilgrim ’s Picks ” in the right margin .
Google reader is a Google Labs product .
This means that it is under development and has n’t reached beta level yet .
So be prepared for some quirks .
I get a lot of messages saying “ Oops … An error occurred .
Please try again in a few seconds . ”
I also often see the Google Labs test tube logo , which is displayed when Google Reader needs some seconds to work on a request .
This has n’t improved and so I am moving my feeds to another reader , at least until Google Reader graduates from Labs and gets more speed and stability .
( My husband and co-editor Per says he ’s sticking to the Google Reader though … )
Bloglines
Ask ’s Bloglines is the grand - daddy of online RSS readers .
It meets all of the requirements I listed above and has a lot of additional goodies .
Bloglines has uncluttered design and sports keyboard shortcuts for easy navigation , which is nice .
The real strength of Bloglines , though , is that it offers several ways of sharing your finds .
At the bottom of each item , you get the option to email it to a friend .
You can also choose to add items to your blog .
This is easy to set up and you can choose to publish it or keep it private .
A Bloglines blog is n’t exactly pretty , but it certainly works .
And most importantly , it gives you an RSS feed of your chosen news items .
Your Bloglines subscriptions get listed in the blog ’s blogroll , but if this is info you would like to keep private , you can choose not to publish the blogroll .
If all you want to do is save some items for later , without sharing them , you can save them to your clippings .
My favorite Bloglines feature is Recommendations , which informs you of other feeds you might enjoy , based on your subscriptions .
If , like me , you already subscribe to too many feeds , be aware that this might lead to even more hours in front of you computer .
One thing about Bloglines really annoys me , though : Once I have clicked on a feed , all its items are marked automatically as read .
It does n’t require me to scroll through the posts or anything .
And the next time I come back , the folder is empty .
I then have to choose to display items from the last hour , day or week to get to view the feed .
Or I can tick a box at the bottom of each item , telling Bloglines to “ Keep it new ” .
If you want to discuss your bloglines experience or are looking for support , head for the Bloglines Forums .
Rojo
Rojo was a breeze setting up .
It took me all of 2 minutes to get an account and import the OPML file containing my subscriptions .
Browsing the feeds is easy and there was is waiting around for the feeds to load .
You group feeds by tagging them and editing tags or unsubscribing is easy .
Rojo does everything I want it to and then some .
My favorite special feature is the menu item called History .
It sits above your subscriptions and when you click it you get access to stories you have tagged , flagged , read or mojo’d .
Mojo is another favorite feature and requires a little explanation .
It ’s a social ranking tool similar to what you find on Digg , Reddit and Netscape .
When you mojo a story you give it your vote .
All other subscribers to this feed can see that someone has enjoyed it .
If many people mojo a story , it finds its way to the Rojo front page .
Rojo has a set of convenient keyboard shortcuts .
For instance , when you type 1 , 2 and 3 you juggle between viewing full stories , summaries and headlines .
This makes browsing large amounts of information so much easier .
Rojo works if you need a powerful RSS reader , yet it is easy to use and the mojo feature adds a nice social flavor to it .
NewsGator
NewsGator is another powerful reader that is easy to set up and easy to use .
Importing My OPML file was no problem and I enjoyed the option to drag and drop folders or feeds to organize my subscriptions .
The most essential display options are available from a pull - down menu .
NewsGator has all you need for organizing and browsing a large number of RSS feeds .
It also has some nice additional features .
Below every item , you can click an icon to add it to your clippings .
You can then choose to make the feed from your clippings public .
You can also add comments to feed items .
These comments can be read by other NewsGator users and gives the service a social aspect .
If you like sharing the gems you find while digging through your RSS subscriptions , you will love this :
If you use an instant messaging service from Yahoo !
or AOL , you can share items with your buddies directly from NewsGator .
NewsGator is my new reader now that I am taking a break from GoogleReader .
It does everything I want it to and offers useful lists like “ Latest Buzz ” , “ Today ’s Videos ” and “ Today ’s Podcasts ” .
It is a powerful tool headed for the future .
FeedShow
Another good alternative is FeedShow .
It feels more like an application than an online service , sporting a folder hierarchy in the left margin that is quite similar to the Windows Explorer .
Even though I am a Mac person , it still appeals to me , mostly because it feels intuitive .
All the options are clear visible all the time : Global options are available in a row of icons over the menu of feeds in the left hand margin .
This is where you go to import or export feeds , manage your subscriptions or change between two - or three - pane view .
You can also access your statistics to see what kind of feeds you read most .
The right hand part of the screen ( top right if you choose the three - pane view ) displays the feed you choose in the left hand menu .
Above the feed items , which are displayed in full , you find a link to the blog that the feed comes from .
From here you can choose the size of the text , which I am sure a lot of people will appreciate .
FeedShow also has lots of ways to save or share information :
From the top of the main window you can save all the current items of the feed as a PDF - file .
Below each feed item you can choose to email it , print it , save it as HTML or bookmark it in del.icio.us .
FeedShow is still in beta , but it works like a charm and I really enjoy the simplicity of it .
There are no community efforts like Rojo ’s mojo or NewsGators comments , but if you do n’t mind , Feed Show is a good choice .
Note :
This is an archived article written by Susanne Koch .
First published on Friday 23 February 2007 .
Bill Moyers : Rupert Murdoch 'is to propriety what the Marquis de Sade was to chastity ' Muriel Kane
Published : Friday June 29 , 2007 Print This Email This Bill Moyers will inveigh Friday , in a video essay released early by PBS to RAW STORY , against Rupert Murdoch and his bid to purchase the Wall Street Journal .
" Rupert Murdoch is no saint , " says Moyers of the Fox News owner .
" He is to propriety what the Marquis de Sade was to chastity .
When it comes to money and power , he 's carnivorous , all appetite and no taste .
He 'll eat anything in his path "
Moyers speaks further about Murdoch 's ability to win over politicians , complaining , " Now Bill and Hillary Clinton , who know on which side their bread is buttered , like having it slathered by their new buddy , Rupert .
Our media and political system has turned into a mutual protection racket . "
" But the problem is n't just Rupert Murdoch , " concludes Moyers .
" His pursuit of the Wall Street Journal is the latest in a cascading series of mergers , buyouts , and other financial legerdemain that are making a shipwreck of journalism .
...
Murdoch just the predator of the hour . "
Paul Krugman 's subscription - only Thursday column for the New York Times discusses the same issue , pointing out that in a 2003 poll on erroneous beliefs about the Iraq War , " two - thirds of Fox devotees believed that the United States had ' found clear evidence in Iraq that Saddam Hussein was working closely with the al - Qaida terrorist organization . ' "
" If Murdoch does acquire The Journal , " writes Krugman , " it will be a dark day for America 's news media -- and American democracy .
If there were any justice in the world , Murdoch , who did more than anyone in the news business to mislead this country into an unjustified , disastrous war , would be a discredited outcast .
Instead , he 's expanding his empire . "
The following video will appear on Friday on PBS's Bill Moyers ' Journal .
Astronomers today announced the arrival of a new member in the pantheon of exotically beautiful celestial objects .
Christened the " Red Square " by Peter Tuthill , leader of the team , the image was compiled with data from the 200 - inch Hale Telescope at Palomar Observatory , owned and operated by the California Institute of Technology , and the Keck - 2 Telescope atop Mauna Kea , Hawaii .
The findings will appear April 13 in the journal Science in an article titled " A symmetric bipolar nebula around MWC 922 , " written by Tuthill from the University of Sydney and coauthor James Lloyd of Cornell University .
" Discoveries as beautiful -- and interesting -- as this one do n't come around very often in astronomy , " said Tuthill , " and it took some of the world 's most advanced telescopes , together with a good dose of luck , to find this jewel hidden among the myriad stars in the galaxy . "
" The key to finding it was in the revolutionary new imaging technology of adaptive optics , which acts like a myopia cure for a telescope , " agreed Lloyd .
" Startlingly clear images capable of revealing objects like this are now possible without the blurring . "
The pair were studying a hot star called MWC 922 in the constellation Serpens ( the serpent mythologically associated with the origin of medicine ) .
The image shown here combines data taken in near - infrared light ( 1.6 microns ) and shows a region 30.8 arcseconds on a side around MWC 922 .
As the outer periphery of the nebula is very faint compared to the core , the image has been processed and sharpened to display the full panoply of detail and structure .
" The thing that really takes your breath away is the astonishing degree of symmetry within the intricate linear forms , " said Tuthill .
" If you fold things across the principle diagonal axis , you get an almost perfect reflection symmetry .
This makes the Red Square nebula the most symmetrical object of comparable complexity ever imaged . "
The overall architecture of twin opposed conical cavities ( commonly known in astronomy as a " bipolar nebula " ) is seen to be adorned with a remarkable sequence of sharply defined linear rungs or bars .
This series of rungs and conical surfaces lie nested , one within the next , down to the heart of the system , where the hyperbolic bicone surfaces are crossed by a dark lane running across the principle axis .
One particularly fascinating feature visible in the images is a series of faint radial spokes , like teeth of a comb , pointing away from the center .
" Structures such as this are rarely seen in nebulae , and the high degree of regularity in this case may point to the intriguing possibility that these bands are shadows cast by periodic ripples or waves on the surface of an inner disk close to the star at the heart of the system , " said Lloyd .
But the most compelling and important implication for astronomy comes from the three - dimensional structure implied by the Red Square images .
" If you can really get a mental grasp of the three - dimensional geometry implied by the Red Square images , " said Tuthill , " then it is fascinating to take a second look at one of the most famous astronomical images of them all : SN1987A . "
An image of the supernova as seen by the Hubble Space Telescope is to the right , showing the beautiful and unexpected ring system revealed around SN1987A -- the only naked - eye supernova since the discovery of the telescope .
" We are not saying that the star MWC 922 at the heart of the Red Square is about to explode as a supernova , " said Lloyd , " but we 're not ruling it out either , and if it did it would certainly put on quite a show as it kindles the outer reaches of its nebula . "
Whatever the fate of the central star , the remarkable series of bars seen in the Red Square make it the best astrophysical laboratory yet discovered for studying the physics of generating the mysterious sharp polar - ring systems like that around SN1987A .
According to Tuthill , " This is just the beginning - a system as complex and fascinating as this is bound to keep us guessing for years to come . "
The image was made possible by the Palomar Adaptive Optics System , built by Caltech Optical Observatories and Jet Propulsion Laboratory , and captured by its companion infrared camera , built by Cornell University .
Source : Caltech
Explore further Student discovers stellar chamaeleon that had the astronomers fooled for years
Kingwood classmate upset over porn star 's use of her name Porn actress just liked classmate 's name
The real Syvette Wimberly is n't too happy about the kind of attention that comes her way
She may not be a star , but Laura Madden has made a name for herself in pornographic movies .
The problem is it 's not her own .
When she embarked on her career in 2004 , Madden , 25 , selected the stage name Syvette Wimberly .
She has appeared in a dozen or so hard - core videos under that name , including Irresistibly Delicious , Innocence and Dominance and others inappropriate for mention in a family newspaper .
But Madden 's nom - de - sex did not spring from her imagination .
It belongs to an old classmate at Kingwood High School , and the real Syvette Wimberly is none too happy about the attention that has come her way from people wondering why she was appearing in 18 and Hitchhiking .
So unhappy , in fact , that she recently filed suit against Madden and Vivid Entertainment Group , a major producer of adult films , asking that they no longer use or publicize the name and demanding damages for inflicting " humiliation , embarrassment , loss of enjoyment of life , emotional distress , mental anguish and anxiety . "
" The purpose of the lawsuit is to get her to stop using this name , " said Wimberly 's attorney , Caj Boatright .
" We 're not out looking for millions of dollars . "
Career questions
Boatright said Wimberly , 25 , who lives in Houston , came to him because she was tired of getting phone calls and e-mails from friends and acquaintances asking about her new and unconventional career .
Saying the lawsuit arose out of concerns for personal safety and reputation , he described Wimberly as " a sweet girl , " not an angry woman out for vengeance .
" She felt disappointed and did n't understand why ( Madden ) would do this , " he said .
" She wondered why she would n't use Syvette and some other last name . "
Madden 's attorney , Kent Schaffer , said his client did not choose the name to cause a problem for Wimberly or to get back at her for some old grievance , but simply because she liked the sound of it .
" There is no bad blood between them , " Schaffer said .
" Laura never meant to harm this other girl .
Anyone who knows ( Wimberly ) knows she is not the actress .
Nobody thinks that the girl in the movies is the Syvette Wimberly who they grew up with in Kingwood . "
Vivid had no comment on the lawsuit , filed in Harris County last month , because the company had not yet been served , a spokesman said .
The lawsuit is not likely to get very far , predicted Mark Kernes , legal editor for Adult Video News , a trade industry publication .
" I do n't ever remember hearing of a decision where a court said you can't use this name because it belongs to someone else , " Kernes said .
" I do n't think that would happen , though I admit this is somewhat of an unusual name . "
Name - related lawsuits
Kernes said he could recall no instance in which someone even sued a star such as Jenna Jameson or Peter North because they shared the same name .
He did mention name - related lawsuits involving porn actresses Nina Hartley and Mary Carey , but those involved trademark or Internet domain issues .
Part of the lawsuit would appear to be moot .
Madden no longer does adult videos , Schaffer said .
" She has no connection to the adult entertainment business in any way , shape or form and has started her life over , " he said .
" She thought that was pretty much behind her .
Then this lawsuit pops up . "
Schaffer said if the main point of the lawsuit is to get Madden to stop using the name , she would agree to that immediately .
" They 'll never get a penny from her , " he said .
" She does n't have any money , for one thing , but even if she did this suit will never hold up in court .
I 'm not aware of any court that has upheld such a lawsuit .
If I use your name to defraud somebody , that 's different .
If I use it to obtain a loan or get a credit card , that 's different . "
The one thing that surely will result from the lawsuit is something both parties say they are trying to avoid : publicity .
" The real Syvette Wimberly is going to have more unwanted attention as a result of this lawsuit than she ever would have before , " Schaffer said .
" Now it 's certainly local news , state news and maybe even in some places national news .
This will be a boost for the film company .
Other than that , everybody loses . "
Neither Madden nor Wimberly could be reached for comment .
mike.tolson@chron.com
" QUANTUM SHOT " # 63
Protect your card and PIN !
See how easy it is for crooks to steal your money :
This is the original post , as written in December 2006
- translated from Italian ( source ) by Dark Roasted Blend
One surveillance camera in a bank in Italy has captured these images .
They clearly show how easily you may be swindled out of your money , while banking at automatic teller ( ATM )
Be on guard , and share this information with your friends !
The camera shows someone routinely making a bank deposit :
but what this person actually doing
is inserting something in the machine :
to make sure that nobody catches him
tampering with the machine , he has
a friend outside to alert him :
Once the trap is set , the victim enters the bank :
He inserts the debit card into ATM , and it gets stuck there !
The victim is surprised : " Weird , maybe this machine is broken ? "
He looks around for advice :
Luckily there is someone eager to help to get the card out .
What " the helper " is actually after is the P.I.N. code :
" The Good Samaritan " convinces the victim to try to enter the code again
( he may blame the faulty keypad , new type of the machine ,
or claim to know the " secret unblocking code " , etc. ) -
However , the card remains stuck , no matter how many times he punches " Enter "
or " Cancel " .
The exasperated victim leaves , realizing he will
have to get his card from the bank later . -
As soon as the victim is gone ,
" the helper " returns to retrieve the card from the machine .
Now he 's got both the card AND the P.I.N.. -
he withdraws the maximum amount of money
from all accounts on the card , and leaves . -
The inserted " card trap " is just a piece of black film ,
which blends with black plastic of the ATM . -
The trap is inserted into the slot , with the ends slightly
sticking out and glued to the outside ,
for an easy withdrawal afterwards . -
Once these ends are neatly glued in , it 's nearly impossible to tell
if there is any foreign object in the slot . -
The trap film also has special notches ,
to ensure that the card is not ejected by the machine
when the operation is canceled . -
Once the victim is gone , the crook unglues the tips of the trap
and " fishes out " the card .
DO NOT FALL FOR THESE TRAPS !
Never type your PIN in plain view of strangers .
-
Thanks to Gianlucamat for this warning .
( Translated from Italian by A. Abrams )
UPDATE , December 25 , 2006 :
Think keeping money in ATM is too risky ?
There is always an alternative , you know :)
Permanent Link ...
404_not_found
Are you a student ?
Then we are sure that you definitely had situations when you do ...
" Once the idiots were just the fools gawking in through the windows .
Now they 've entered the building .
You can hear them everywhere .
They use the word ' cool ' .
It is their favourite word .
The idiot does n't think about what it is saying .
Thinking is rubbish , and rubbish is n't cool .
Stuff and shit is cool .
The idiots are self - regarding consumer slaves , oblivious to the paradox of their uniform individuality .
They sculpt their hair to casual perfection .
They wear their waistbands below their balls .
They babble into handheld twit machines about that cool e-mail of the woman being bummed by a wolf .
Their cool friend made it .
He 's an idiot too .
Welcome to the age of stupidity . "
The Tango Desktop project is an initiative to create a consistent user experience for free and Open Source software with graphical user interfaces .
The project has published style guidelines and an awesome collection of open - sourced icons in high - quality SVG format .
If you ’re looking for bitmapped versions , you can download a package that contains these open source icons in
SVG and PNG formats .
Â
This project is nothing if not ambitious .
But if open source and having graphical user interfaces that adhere to standards is important to you I suggest you take a hard look at the Tango Desktop projectÂ as potentially something you ’d like to get involved with yourself .
How will imperative programming languages evolve to suit the needs of developers in the age of Concurrency and Composability ?
What role can programming languages play in enabling true composability ?
What are the implications of LINQ on the furture of managed ( CLS - based ) and unmanaged ( C++ ) languages ?
How will our imperative languages ( static ) become more functional ( dynamic ) in nature while preserving their static " experience " for developers ?
Answers to these questions and much more are to be found in this interview with some of Microsoft 's leading language designers and programming thought leaders : Anders Hejlsberg , Technical Fellow and Chief Architect of C# , Herb Sutter , Architect in the C++ language design group , Erik Meijer , Architect in both VB .
Net and C# language design and programming language guru , and Brian Beckman , physicist and programming language architect working on VB .
Net .
This is a great conversation with some of the industry 's most influential programming language designers .
Tune in .
You may be surprised by what you learn ...
America 's 42nd president spoke this weekend at Harvard 's Class Day , a traditional event held for graduating seniors .
While Class Day often features pop icons and comedians -- take this speech by Ali G from a few yeas ago -- Clinton 's speech was a bit more serious and idealistic , and it reminds us that there may be again a day when we can look to the White House for substance and inspiration .
This too shall pass .
You can watch Part 1 of his presentation below .
Here are links to Parts 2 and 3 .
Plastic That Grows On Trees
" In biomass like wood , corn stover and switchgrass , cellulose is the most abundant polymer that researchers are trying to convert to biofuels and plastics , " said chemist Z. Conrad Zhang , who led the work while at PNNL's Institute for Interfacial Catalysis .
by Staff Writers
Richland WA ( SPX ) May 22 , 2009
Some researchers hope to turn plants into a renewable , nonpolluting replacement for crude oil .
To achieve this , scientists have to learn how to convert plant biomass into a building block for plastics and fuels cheaply and efficiently .
In new research , chemists have successfully converted cellulose - the most common plant carbohydrate - directly into the building block called HMF in one step .
The result builds upon earlier work by researchers at the Department of Energy 's Pacific Northwest National Laboratory .
In that work , scientists produced HMF from simple sugars derived from cellulose .
In this new work , researchers developed a way to bypass the sugar - forming step and go straight from cellulose to HMF .
This simple process generates a high yield of HMF and allows the use of raw cellulose as feed material , the researchers report in an upcoming issue of Applied Catalysis A .
" In biomass like wood , corn stover and switchgrass , cellulose is the most abundant polymer that researchers are trying to convert to biofuels and plastics , " said chemist Z. Conrad Zhang , who led the work while at PNNL's Institute for Interfacial Catalysis .
HMF , also known as 5 - hydroxymethylfurfural , can be used as a building block for plastics and " biofuels " such as gasoline and diesel , essentially the same fuels processed from crude oil .
In previous work , PNNL researchers used a chemical and a solvent known as an ionic liquid to convert the simple sugars into HMF .
The chemical , a metal chloride known as chromium chloride , converted sugar into highly pure HMF .
But to be able to feed cellulosic biomass directly from nature , the team still needed to break down cellulose into simple sugars - Zhang and colleagues wanted to learn how to skip that step .
The ionic liquid has the added benefit of being able to dissolve cellulose , which as anyone who 's boiled leafy vegetables knows can be stringy and hard to dissolve .
Compounds called catalysts speed up the conversion of cellulose to HMF .
After trying different metal chloride catalysts in the ionic solvent , they found a pair of catalysts that worked well : A combination of copper chloride and chromium chloride under 120 degrees Celsius broke down the cellulose without creating a lot of unwanted byproducts .
In additional experiments , the team tested how well their method compared to acid , a common way to break down cellulose .
The metal chlorides - ionic liquid system worked ten times faster than the acid and at much lower temperatures .
In addition , the paired metal chloride catalysts allowed Zhang 's research team to avoid using another compound under investigation , a mineral acid , that is known to degrade HMF .
Optimizing their method , the team found that they could consistently achieve a high yield of HMF - the method converted about 57 percent of the sugar content in the cellulose feedstock to HMF through this single step process .
The team recovered more than 90 % of the HMF formed , and the final product from the process was 96 % pure .
In addition , the metal chlorides and ionic liquid could be reused multiple times without losing their effectiveness .
Being able to recycle the materials will lower the cost of HMF production .
" This paper is a tremendous breakthrough .
By combining the cellulose - breakdown and sugar - conversion steps , we are very close to a single - step method of converting raw biomass into a new platform chemical - a chemical you can readily turn into a transportation fuel or for synthesis of plastics and other useful materials , " said PNNL geochemist and study coauthor Jim Amonette .
" Advances like this can help reduce our dependence on fossil fuels . "
Jane Fonda fondles a nervous Stephen Colbert
David Edwards and Mike Sheehan
Published : Thursday May 10 , 2007 Print This Email This
Jane Fonda begins her appearance on Stephen Colbert 's Colbert Report by sitting on the host 's lap and giving him a lengthy kiss .
" I saw the show where you put your fantasies about me on notice , " Fonda says to Colbert .
" You do n't do that .
You embrace your fantasies . "
" I think it 's happening right now , " he quips .
LIKE IT RAW ?
CLICK FOR O'REILLY VID , NEW ROVE SCANDAL , PUTIN SAYS US LIKE 'THIRD REICH '
Appearing uncharacteristically nervous , Colbert then asks Fonda a question about war protesting as she continues to straddle him and kiss his face .
She finally responds , " We can not elect men to office that are afraid of premature evacuation . "
The greatest threat now is " a 9/11 occurring with a group of terrorists armed not with airline tickets and box cutters , but with a nuclear weapon in the middle of one of our own cities . " -- Dick Cheney on Face the Nation , CBS , April 15 , 2007 A few days ago , a group of lawyers from western Massachusetts met with the local congressman , Democrat John Olver .
Their request was that Olver take part in the urgent effort to impeach Bush and Cheney .
Olver responded by saying that he had no intention of doing anything to support impeachment .
He went further , offering the information that the United States would soon attack Iran , and that these hostilities would be followed by the imposition of a martial law regime here .
According to reports in the British press , the Cheney war party has gained the upper hand in the secret councils of the Bush White House , pushing aside the purported hesitations of Miss Rice , Secretary Gates , and the NATO allies to chart a direct course towards war with Iran : ' The balance in the internal White House debate over Iran has shifted back in favour of military action before President George Bush leaves office in 18 months , the Guardian has learned .
The shift follows an internal review involving the White House , the Pentagon and the state department over the last month .
Although the Bush administration is in deep trouble over Iraq , it remains focused on Iran .
A well - placed source in Washington said : " Bush is not going to leave office with Iran still in limbo . " at a meeting of the White House , Pentagon and state department last month , Mr Cheney expressed frustration at the lack of progress and Mr Bush sided with him .
" The balance has tilted .
There is cause for concern , " the source said this week .
" Cheney has limited capital left , but if he wanted to use all his capital on this one issue , he could still have an impact , " said Patrick Cronin , the director of studies at the International Institute for Strategic Studies . '
( " Cheney pushes Bush to act on Iran ; Military solution back in favour as Rice loses out ; President ' not prepared to leave conflict unresolved ' " , Guardian , July 16 , 2007 . )
Deluded supporters of the Democratic Party may soon have to throw away their pathetic countdown clocks , those self - consoling little devices that remind them of how much time remains until noon on January 20 , 2009 , the moment when it is thought that Bush will finally leave office .
These countdown clocks make no provision for the Cheney doctrine , which calls for a new super 9/11 with weapons of mass destruction in the US , to be used as the pretext for a nuclear attack on Iran and for martial law at home .
Those who think the Republicans cannot hold the White House in 2008 have forgotten that neocons always prefer a coup d'etat to an election .
As Cheney told Bob Schieffer of CBS's Face the Nation on April 15 , 2007 : ' The greatest threat now is " a 9/11 occurring with a group of terrorists armed not with airline tickets and box cutters , but with a nuclear weapon in the middle of one of our own cities . " '
Pelosi and Reid need to toss out their fatuous countdown clocks , and get out their impeachment stopwatches ­ fast .
CHERTOFF'S GUT FEELING FOR TERRORISM
Integral to the Cheney strategy has always been to orchestrate a climate of public terror .
As Cheney told WLS in Chicago on Friday April 13 : It 's important that people remember 9/11 . "
9/11 remains the basis of every one of Cheney 's intrigues .
One of Cheney 's terror facilitators in this sense is Michael Chertoff , the cadaverous Secretary of Homeland Security .
Although an experienced bureaucrat , Chertoff is now contemplating his navel as he searches for new ways to intimidate the American people , who have essentially no natural enemies at all , into the hallucination that they face an acute existential threat of being wiped out from one moment to the next .
Chertoff told the editorial board of the Chicago Tribune ­ once the voice of isolationism ­ that the US faces an increased danger of attack in the summer of 2007 .
This wild fabrication , not based on any specific information of any kind that he could cite , Chertoff called his " gut feeling the nation faces a heightened chance of an attack this summer . "
" I believe we are entering a period this summer of increased risk , " said Chertoff .
" Summertime seems to be appealing to them .
...
We worry that they are rebuilding their activities . "
The desperate demagogues of the Republican Party are facing a hecatomb at the polls in November 2008 .
Their idea seems to be that of the fascist Prime Minister Aznar of Spain in March 2004 : if you are sure to lose an election , stage a terror attack , declare martial law , and perpetuate your power that way .
Aznar was stopped by a general strike of about one third of the entire Spanish people .
If all else fails , would Americans be capable of a mass strike against war and dictatorship ?
We may soon find out .
Chertoff 's troubled gut has already given rise to a White House interagency group of top intelligence and law enforcement functionaries that meets every Friday afternoon at 1 PM .
Will this committee run the coup ?
Reports followed of dozens of FBI agents fanning out to pursue a " worry list " of some seven hundred alleged leads , including 100 in the New York area .
Some of these derived from the recent British terror stunts in London and Glasgow used by MI - 5 and MI - 6 to smooth the transition from the Tony Blair quasi- police state to the Gordon Brown version of the same thing .
MI - 5 and MI - 6 displayed the same mixture of comic ineptitude and phlegmatic homicide which was their hallmark during the long years when London was the prey of bombs by the " Irish Republican Army , " now revealed to have been top - heavy with government intelligence agents who called the shots .
The Glasgow airport event consisted of a burning car crashed into a building , the films of which were shown all afternoon the by the US cable news networks .
One was tempted to propose a caption : " Only one burning car ­ a good day on the Cross - Bronx Expressway . "
Yet for one burning car , the world was supposed to stop .
These British events had been preceded by several weeks of hysteria about allegedly looming terror attacks against US installations in the Rhein - Main area of Germany , featuring the Wiesbaden spa , all based on CIA claims made to the government in Berlin and relentlessly trumpeted through the controlled media .
A NEW 9/11 THE KEY TO BOLSTERING WESTERN RESOLVE Chertoff 's rationale was illuminated by an interview with Lt. Colonel Doug Delaney , the chair of the war studies program at the Royal Military College in Kingston , Ontario , Canada , a NATO intelligence center .
Delaney was addressing the problems raised by the rising Canadian losses in Afghanistan , but he provided a valuable window into the minds of military planners when he observed , in the words of the interviewer : " It may well be that the key to bolstering Western resolve is another terrorist attack like 9/11 or the London transit bombings of two years ago , he says .
If nothing happens , it will be harder still to say this [ Canadian meddling in Afghanistan ] is necessary . "
In other words , it may be time for a new false flag synthetic terror operation to gin up hysteria in North America to permit the present bankrupt elites to retain power and further grind down any spirit of popular resistance to such irrational rule .
Chertoff 's fear - mongering was backed up by ousted Republican senator and notorious scoundrel Rick Santorum , who told a radio interviewer that " between now and November , a lot of things are going to happen , and I believe that by this time next year , the American public is going to have a very different view of this war . "
Chertoff 's reckless and inflammatory ventriloquism was the harbinger of the new US National Intelligence Estimate issued on July 17 .
THE BOOZ ALLEN NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE ESTIMATE : " AL QAEDA " THREAT TO USA LOOMS
This pitiful NIE ranks with the lying NIEs issued before the attack on Iraq in 2003 as a tissue of lies and prevarications .
The main thesis is that al Qaeda branches around the world are striving to infiltrate more operatives into the US for terror attacks on the US " homeland : " " Although we have discovered only a handful of individuals in the United States with ties to al Qaeda senior leadership since 9/11 , we judge that al Qaeda will intensify its efforts to put operatives here , " opines the declassified summary of the underlying secret screed .
" As a result , we judge that the United States currently is in a heightened threat environment . " ( cnn.com , July 17 )
The new faked NIE has been produced under the supervision of Admiral Michael McConnell , the current US intelligence czar , whose credentials include ten years at Booz Allen Hamilton , the premier private military firm .
Some analysts have asked what was going on at Booz Allen on September 11 , 2001 , and in the days leading up to that event , and what McConnell personally might have been working on .
Back on January 7 , 2007 , Raw Story had portrayed the newly - nominated McConnell as a Cheney asset , and quoted CIA old boy Vince Cannistraro calling the McConnell nomination " a disaster . "
In the same article , CIA vet Larry Johnson predicted that McConnell , a weak manager , would cave in to Bush - Cheney on key issues .
The fabrications of the new NIE have been assisted by Cheney 's office , by convicted Iran - contra felon Elliot Abrams ( now a dominant personality inside the Bush White House ) , by Abrams ' military aide Gen. Kevin Bergner , and by other neocon assets .
Intelligence community veteran Philip Giraldi of the CIA has dismissed the new NIE with its talk of " high impact plots " against the US as " a tour de force of misinformation disguised as fact . "
Giraldi also noted : " It is possibly no coincidence that there has been a significant increase in the anti-Iran rhetoric emanating from both the Bush administration and Congress over the past few weeks , mostly seeking to establish a casus belli by contending that Iran is masterminding lethal attacks against US troops in Iran and NATO forces in Afghanistan . " ( antiwar.com , July 17 ) CHENEY'S PERSIAN ADVENTURE
A nuclear attack on Iran remains the central obsession of the George Shultz - Rupert Murdoch - Cheney faction .
On July 10 , the Pentagon announced that it would be sending another aircraft carrier battle group , this time that of the USS Enterprise , to the waters off Iran .
This means that whenever that carrier joins the two already there , three US attack carriers will be within striking range of Iranian targets .
The Pentagon followed up shortly thereafter with another statement , assuring the world that soon only one carrier would patrol off Iran .
But that was only a dubious promise , and in the meantime the three carriers would shortly be ready to attack .
On July 10 , the Washington Post and Reuters stoked international hysteria with reports that mysterious and sinister tunnels were being built by the Iranian authorities near one of the suspected nuclear facilities of Natanz .
These reports were accompanied by aerial photographs and satellite imaging that has been gussied up with labels to make them look as much as possible like the famous U - 2 photographs of Soviet medium - range missiles in Cuba back in October 1962 .
The claim was that the supposed tunnel " could be used to hide and protect key nuclear components . "
The implication was that the Iranian atomic bomb could not be far off , a notion for which there is no proof .
In the late winter , Pelosi , House Majority Leader Stenny Hoyer and Reid had bowed to the demands of AIPAC , the subversive pro-Israeli lobbying organization whose employees have been implicated in espionage , and removed from the defense bill a provision warning Bush that he was required to consult Congress before attacking Iran .
A similar provision pushed for a while by Senator Webb of Virginia has also disappeared from view .
As for the Republican presidential candidates , on June 7 they ­ with the solitary exception of maverick Ron Paul ­ outbid one another in enthusiasm for a nuclear attack on Iran .
These ultra-Hitlerian outbursts occurred in response to manipulation by Wolf Blitzer , an obvious asset of the war party .
For the good of the American people , the warmonger GOP candidates , along with Blitzer , should have been hauled away at once in a net by burly orderlies in white coats .
CHENEY'S BREAKAWAY ALLY CHARADE
A key component of Cheney 's argument is that Israel may soon strike unilaterally against Iran with a sneak attack deploying nuclear weapons , breaking the post - 1945 taboo on atomic bombs .
This would represent the old " breakaway ally " scenario , by which Israel presents the US with such an attack as a fait accompli , and then expects Washington to enter the war on the side of the Israeli aggressors .
Cheney 's talking point is that the US must be ready to strike because the Israelis are going to act on their own anyway .
The lying nature of Cheney 's line is shown by Bush 's remark to Chirac at the St. Petersburg G - 8 summit in July 2006 , when Bush was adamant that the Israeli aggression against Lebanon then ongoing was not an Israeli - conceived war , but rather a US war which had been assigned to Israel as a proxy and surrogate for the US .
According to Will Thomas , a dress rehearsal for the breakaway ally charade occurred on January 7 , 2007 when Israeli warplanes flew over Iraq and manifested the intention to " go downtown " ­ meaning an apparent nuclear strike into Iran .
At some point the Israelis were allegedly told by the US to go back , and they desisted from the attempt .
This reported incident came shortly before the US raided the Iranian consulate in Irbil in northern Iraq , illegally arresting Iranian diplomats .
Around the same time , reports that an Iranian missile had hit a US ship caused a stir on Wall Street , while Iran reported shooting down another US drone over its territory .
( infowars.com , willthomas.net )
The Israeli war party is represented first of all by Avigdor Lieberman , the Minister of Strategic Threats who is himself a strategic threat .
On Friday July 13 , a day of ill omen , Lieberman boasted before a group of NATO and European Union officials that Israel had received a green light from the U.S. and Europe for an Israeli attack on Iran 's nuclear facilities .
" If we start military operations against Iran alone , then Europe and the U.S. will support us , " said Lieberman .
According to Israel Today magazine , Lieberman argued that ongoing hostilities in Iraq and Afghanistan are " going to prevent the leaders of countries in Europe and America from deciding on the use of force to destroy Iran 's nuclear facilities , " so they are telling Israel to " prevent the threat herself . "
Another Israeli incendiary is Brigadier General Yossi Kuperwasser , the former head of the Research Division of Israeli Military Intelligence .
On July 10 , Kuperwasser told the Jerusalem Post that economic sanctions alone will not stop Iran , and that the window of opportunity to launch a military strike against Iran 's nuclear installations was running out .
Kuperwasser claimed that Iran is " very close " to the technological threshold for enriching uranium at an industrial level .
The Iranians will then be able to manufacture a nuclear device within two to three years , according to Kuperwasser .
" The program 's vulnerability to a military operation is diminishing as time passes , " Kuperwasser said , " and they are very close to the point that they will be able to enrich uranium at an industrial level . "
EL BARADEI WARNS AGAINST NEOCON " NEW CRAZIES "
This kind of thinking in the US , UK , and Israel was what Dr. Mohamed El Baradei , head of the International Atomic Energy Agency , had in mind when he issued his famnous June 2 , 2007 warning about a coming attack on Iran : " I wake every morning and see 100 Iraqis innocent civilians are dying ... I have no brief other than to make sure we do n't go into another war or that we go crazy into killing each other .
You do not want to give additional argument to new crazies who say ' let 's go and bomb Iran . ' "
And who are the " new crazies " ?
" Those who have extreme views and say the only solution is to impose your will by force . "
It is not possible to " bomb knowledge . "
A grave doubt casts its shadow over any scenario of US nuclear attack on Iran : as William Thomas reported last February , the fuses of cheap Chinese silicon chips now being used by the US military in ships , tanks , planes , and other applications may be too weak to resist the high levels of electromagnetic pulse ( emp ) which would be unleashed by a nuclear bombardment of the Iranian nuclear sites .
The outsourced chips , coherent with the Rumsfeld " war on the cheap " strategy , could cripple a large proportion of the US Central Command 's military hardware , with disruptive effects that would reach back to the command 's Florida headquarters and possibly to the Pentagon .
( rense.com , February 21 , 2007 , and willthomas.net )
If these report are correct , US nuclear bombers might crash , the the carriers that launched them might suddenly find themselves dead in the water , quite indepen dent of what the Iranians might do .
CHENEY'S LEBANON - SYRIA GAMBIT
In addition to the hypothesis of an attack on Iran , there is also the immediate threat to Iran 's ally , Syria .
According to a UPI dispatch dated July 9 under the byline of Claude Salhani , numerous signs currently point towards hostilities between Israel and the Damascus government , with a renewed Israeli attack on Lebanon a likely element in this strategy .
According to former State Department official Dennis Ross , " there is a risk of war " between Syria and Israel in the summer .
Ross told YnetNews , Yedioth Ahronoth 's Internet edition : " no one has made any decisions , but the Syrians are positioning themselves for war . "
The neocon exoteric New York Sun claimed to cite a supposed Syrian official saying that added that , by allegedly pulling Syrian nationals out of Lebanon by mid-July , " Damascus is preparing for Israeli retaliation following Syrian guerilla attacks and for a larger war with the Jewish state in August or September . "
" If Israel does n't vacate the strategic Golan Heights before September , Syrian guerillas will immediately launch ' resistance operations ' against the Golan 's Jewish communities , " the alleged Syrian added .
These remarks reflect scenarios being developed by the Israelis .
But the Masada party of national suicide is not the only game in town for Israelis .
On July 11 , an anonymous leaker from inside Israeli Military Intelligence warned his associates to remember their ignominious defeat at the hands of Hezbollah in last summer 's war .
According to this source , " war with Syria would be ten times worse than with Hezbollah . "
THE ATTACK ON PAKISTAN : MIDSUMMER OF NEOCON MADNESS
Cheney also has the option of attacking into Pakistan .
Cheney had visited Pakistan at the end of February with an obvious ultimatum to General Musharraf to get ready to mount a land war against Iran this summer .
Equally and immediately obvious was the fact that Musharraf , who considers himself the heir to the great Mustafa Kemal Ataturk of Turkey , had told the Vice President to go Cheney himself .
With Pakistan refusing to attack its neighbor , Cheney suddenly discovered that Osama bin Laden was being protected by Musharraf !
The US - UK destabilization of Pakistan began in grand style , with the New York Times helpfully publishing lists of generals whom Washington would be delighted to see take power in a putsch in Islamabad .
Pawns of the destabilization included the Chief Justice of Pakistan , reputed to be a British agent , and riots by lawyers in business suits .
Then came the slaughter at the Red Mosque , staged by the usual CIA / MI - 6 fundamentalists .
Pakistan , under tremendous pressure from the US , has announced a military crackdown on so - called Taliban forces in the northern tribal areas of Waziristan , an enterprise sure to stir up a hornet 's nest of resistance even if none had been there before .
The neocons demanded that the US invade Pakistan , under the pretext of looking for Osama bin Laden .
On July 12 , neocon fascist madman William Kristol told Fox News : " I think the president 's going to have to take military action there over the next few weeks or months ....
Bush has to disrupt that sanctuary .
I think , frankly , we wo n't even tell Musharraf .
We 'll do what we have to do in Western Pakistan and Musharraf can say , ' Hey , they did n't tell me . ' "
Ironically , bin Laden 's second in command , reputed MI - 6 speaking tube Ayman al Zawahiri , at around the same time issued a fatwa declaring jihad against Musharraf 's Pakistani regime .
If Musharraf was haboring Osama , why would al Qaeda declare war against Musharraf ?
The answer is what it has always been : " al Qaeda " is a troupe of agents provocateurs founded by the CIA and the British , and remains so until this day .
As for the neocon plan to attack Pakistan , it is the very midsummer of madness : if Iran has three time the population of Iraq , Pakistan with 164 million is more than five times more numerous than Iraq .
If the neocon plans succeed , the US would soon be at war with almost 300 million people ­ far too many for the hollow US force of 10 divisions , whatever technology they might possess .
WARNINGS : RON PAUL , PAUL CRAIG ROBERTS , CINDY SHEEHAN , PAT BUCHANAN Among other authoritative voices across the political spectrum warning of an imminent Bush - Cheney attack on Iran : Republican Congressman and presidential candidate Ron Paul commented to Alex Jones : " I think we 're in great danger of it .
We 're in danger in many ways , the attack on our civil liberties here at home , the foreign policy that 's in shambles and our obligations overseas and commitment which endangers our troops and our national defense . "
Paul Craig Roberts , former Assistant Secretary of the Treasury under the Reagan Administration , wrote in his latest column : " Unless Congress immediately impeaches Bush and Cheney , a year from now the US could be a dictatorial police state at war with Iran .
Bush has put in place all the necessary measures for dictatorship in the form of ' executive orders ' that are triggered whenever Bush declares a national emergency .
Recent statements by Homeland Security Chief Michael Chertoff , former Republican senator Rick Santorum and others suggest that Americans might expect a series of staged , or false flag , ' terrorist ' events in the near future . "
( Paul Craig Roberts , " Impeach Now or Face the End of Constitutional Democracy , " Counterpunch , July 16 , 2007 ) In a July 19 interview with Thomm Hartmann of Air America , Roberts cited Bush 's July 17 executive order , which allows the US regime to seize the property of anyone found to be interfering with the reconstruction of Iraq .
This radio warning was reported by the RIA - Novosti news agency of Moscow in numerous languages .
The Moscow summary , dated July 20 , begins : " A former Reagan official has issued a public warning that the Bush administration is preparing to orchestrate a staged terrorist attack in the United States , transform the country into a dictatorship , and launch a war with Iran within a year . "
Pat Buchanan is convinced that the danger of a new war provocation by Bush - Cheney will come in August , when the Democratic Congress will conveniently be out of Washington and on vacation .
Buchanan asks important questions :
Is the United States provoking war with Iran , to begin while the Congress is conveniently on its August recess ?
One recalls that it was in August 1964 , after the Republicans nominated Barry Goldwater , that the Tonkin Gulf incident occurred .
Has Bush secretly authorized covert attacks inside Iran ?
Are U.S. and Israeli agents in Kurdistan behind the attacks across the border to provoke Iran ?
On July 11 , Iranian troops clashed with Kurd rebels inside Iran , and the Iranians fired artillery back into Iraq .
Is this yet another abdication by Congress of its moral and constitutional duty to decide when and whether America goes to war ?
Why is Congress going on vacation ?
Why are a Democratic - controlled House and Senate not asking these questions in public hearings ?
Why is Congress letting Bush and Vice President Cheney decide whether we launch a third war in the Middle East ?
Or is Congress in on it ? " ( " Tonkin Gulf II and the Guns of August ? , " World Net Daily , July 17 , 2007 ) Based on the John Olver remarks , the Democrats are in on it .
As for Buchanan , he should say these things on MSNBC .
Also warning of new war provocations was Cindy Sheehan , who was traveling towards Washington DC to declare her challenge to failed House Speaker Pelosi .
She commented that there was a " distinct possibility " that America will be hit with another staged terror attack that will allow Bush to enact the martial law provisions he recently imposed by executive order .
These measures allow Bush to declare a domestic state of emergency in response to virtually any minor incident anywhere in the world .
( Paul Joseph Watson , Prison Planet , July 12 , 2007 , " Sheehan : Distinct Chance Of Staged Attack , Martial Law ; Peace Mom warns of false flag terror as she prepares to take on sell - out Pelosi . " )
BUSH ANTICS STUN REPUBLICANS FROM THE HILL
This past week , the tenant of the White House showed new signs of mental instability by barging in to a routine meeting between White House communication director Ed Gillespie , spokesman Tony Snow , and a group of Republican congressional leaders .
Bush was there to insist that everybody stay the course of Iraq .
" It was stunning , " said one GOP aide who attended the meeting .
" We could n't believe he came in . "
" We kept looking at each other , amazed he came in , " said another Republican colleague .
According to one press account , " Bush was described as folksy , adamant and mildly profane as he interrupted the meeting .
His message : the policy on Iraq is n't changing .
He is not backing down and no one on Capitol Hill should be confused into thinking he is letting up . "
A new threat to US policy comes from the formidable Turkish military establishment , which is sick and tired of constant cross - border attacks by PKK Kurdish terrorists operating from the Kurdish enclave in northern Iraq .
The US , UK , and Israelis are using the PKK for terror operations into Kurdish territories of Iran .
These PKK terrorist are paid and armed directly by the US military , bringing any notion of a US " war on terror " to a new nadir of absurdity .
For some time , the Turks have been lobbing shells and raiding into Kurdish Iraq .
140,000 Turkish troops are massed along the border in question , and if Turkish patience runs out , the Kurds will be crushed .
US IRAQ SUPPLY LINES IN GRAVE DANGER Washington still cultivates delusions of grandeur : the moment of truth for Iraq will be in mid-September , or perhaps in November or December .
But , as one British writer once put it , what if the bear blows first ?
What if US forces in Iraq experience catastrophic military defeat at some point in the future ?
What if it takes the form of pocketing or encirclement , the " Dunkirk if you 're lucky , Stalingrad if you 're not so lucky " outcome ?
It is not clear whether or when Iraqi resistance forces will move decisively to attack the Achilles heel of the US occupation forces , the 400 - mile truck convoys between Kuwait City and Baghdad , but the longer the US forces continue their present futile efforts , the more likely this tragic outcome will become .
These are trucks driven by Pakistanis , Turks , Bangladeshis , and Filipinos , and protected by private military contractors ­ by poorly armed mercenaries .
A recent report by Jim Michaels in USA Today indicates that the strategy most dangerous to the US forces is indeed gaining ground among the resistance : Michaels writes that " attacks on supply convoys protected by private security companies in Iraq have more than tripled as the U.S. government depends more on armed civilian guards to secure reconstruction and other missions .
There were 869 such attacks from the beginning of June 2006 to the end of May this year .
For the preceding 12 months , there were 281 attacks . "
Of all the news coming out of Iraq , this is perhaps the most ominous .
Any military debacle by the US forces in Iraq would be immediately blamed on Iran , and would infallibly be seized upon by Cheney as a pretext for massive retaliation against Iran .
DOLLAR HYPERINFLATION
A FACTOR
An important contributing factor in the Cheneyac war hysteria is the beginning of dollar hyperinflation .
Two Bear Sterns hedge funds have blown up , wiping out $ 9 billion of capital in a few days , and Helicopter Ben Bernanke of the Federal Reserve says that the subprime mortgage bubble meltdown will lead to $ 100 billion in losses by US banks , and this is clearly a lowball figure .
Two analysts quoted by the Toronto Globe and Mail on July 19 suggest that the entire US banking establishment may now be looking at a 15 % to 20 % devaluation because of mortgage - related losses .
Only frenetic pumping in of new dollar liquidity by Helicopter Ben and his men is staving off big bankruptcies , but this sloshing liquidity spells hyperinflation .
The Dow has passed 14,000 , but the dollar has also reached an all - time low of almost $ 1.40 to a euro , with a 26 - year low against the British pound .
With oil well above $ 75 and gold above $ 680 per ounce , while raw materials and food prices skyrocket , the US may soon resemble Germany of 1923 , when people took their money to the grocery store in a wheelbarrow , and brought home their purchases in their pocket .
Small wonder that the worldwide dumping of the bankrupt US dollar continues apace , with Iran now asking Japan to pay for oil transactions in yen , cutting Wall Street out of another lucrative commodity flow .
US SITUATION TRAGIC
These points bring into sharp relief the dire predicament of our tragically drifting country in the summer of 2007 , a summer which Cheney 's backers and controllers are determined to transform into the Summer of Fear .
Skeptics may object that they have heard all this before ­ in the spring and the autumn of 2004 , in the late summer of 2005 , and in March - April of 2007 ­ and that so far the general war with Iran had not occurred .
This is true , but it is no argument against the urgency of the warnings that the present writer and others have issued from time to time over the last three years .
It only shows that the world has been lurching and careening along the edge of a much wider war in the Middle East since about May of 2004 at the latest .
For much of this time we have lived in the shadow of the Cheney doctrine , which calls for a nuclear attack on Iran in the wake of a new super 9/11 terrorist provocation ( coming from the bowels of the US intelligence community ) ­ as revealed by Philip Giraldi in The American Conservative in August of 2005 .
Each time some combination of internal US institutional resistance and inertia , objections by NATO allies , and foreign threats or pressure have somehow avoid the worst .
So far we have muddled through .
But Cheney 's backers and controllers ­ the ones designated as the Cheneyacs in this analysis ­ have unfailingly pulled themselves together after each rebuff , and have marshaled their forces for a new drive over the brink of the abyss .
As long as Bush and Cheney are in power , as long as the 9/11 rogue networks in the US intelligence community continue their work unpurged and undisturbed , we will face one war emergency after another , until the likely moment when humanity 's luck runs out .
Under any political system committed to its own survival , each of the Cheneyac war drives over the past three years should have lead to the impeachment , removal from office , and indictment of the dour and snarling old reprobate himself , and a general mop - up of his followers .
It is the fact that the corrupt and cowardly parliamentary cretins of the Democratic Party have failed to impeach and oust Bush - Cheney over the last six months since they took power which represents the most immediate cause of the fix we are now in .
Congressman Kucinich has introduced the needed articles against Cheney , but the Pelosi - Reid opportunists have been hostile to this needed measure .
It is time for honest activists to join with the Philadelphia Platform to get on with the business at hand before martial law is imposed by these neocon fascist madmen , since by then it may be too late .
BRZEZINSKI : " A TERRORIST ACT IN THE US BLAMED ON IRAN " The Democratic Party Congressional leadership has known all about Cheney 's plans for six months or more , as can be shown from the public record .
On February 1 , 2007 , Zbigniew Brzezinski warned the Senate Foreign Relations Committee of ongoing machinations designed to procure war with Iran and beyond : " A plausible scenario for a military collision with Iran involves Iraqi failure to meet the benchmarks , followed by accusations of Iranian responsibility for the failure ; then by some provocation in Iraq or a terrorist act in the US blamed on Iran ; culminating in a ' defensive ' US action against Iran that plunges a lonely America into a spreading and deepening quagmire eventually ranging across Iraq , Iran , Afghanistan , and Pakistan . "
Over the past half year , events have followed Brzezinski's scenario closely .
Blaming Iran for the missed benchmarks in Iraq is now the daily stock in trade of the Bush administration and the US Central Command , who whine continuously about Iranian interference in Iraq .
There have been several military provocations in Iraq which the US has tried to pin on Iran , most notably March 23 , 2007 incident involving 15 British Royal Navy and Royal Marines personnel who were taken into custody by the Iranians .
This incident was a part of Cheney 's winter - spring war drive , which peaked with two US B - 1 bombers deliberately violating Iranian airspace over the city of Abadan in oil - rich Khuzestan province on March 31 .
This crisis was defused by a mobilization of persons of good will around the world , with Russian President Putin and the RIA - Novosti news agency playing a critical role .
In particular , a pointed March 28 warning from Putin to Bush about attacking Iran created enough uncertainty in Washington about how Moscow might respond to nuclear aggression against Iran so that cooler heads than Cheney 's prevailed .
FIGHT BACK WITH THE PHILADELPHIA PLATFORM
That leaves us with Brzezinski's third scenario point : a terrorist act in the US blamed on Iran .
What Brzezinski is talking about here is high treason , insurrection , genocide , high crimes against humanity under US law and the Nuremberg Code .
Why has he not been called upon to tell all he knows about this sinister plot , so obviously operating through the Cheney - Addington office , and through Eliot Abrams at the White House ?
Because the Democrats who heard that warning ­ Senators Biden , Dodd , and Obama on the committee , plus Hillary Clinton ­ have done nothing to raise a hue and cry , hold hearings , issue subpoenas , demand documents , or begin impeachment hearings against those involved .
The Democratic Party must therefore be seen as fully complicit under the Nuremberg Code in any future crimes by Cheney regarding a wider war in the Middle East .
The Democratic Party has failed , and the viable peace movement must now organize independently on a multi-issue basis including 9/11 truth , as called for in the July 4 , 2007 Philadelphia Platform , which can be seen at actindependent.org .
Yet more evidence from North Korea :
About 430 North Koreans have died of hunger in a northern region of the impoverished communist country in the past month because of chronic food shortages , a South Korean aid group said .
North Korean authorities have said illnesses were to blame for the deaths , but the Seoul - based Good Friends aid agency said they were caused by long - term malnutrition .
The agency did not say how it obtained the information .
Apple offers Mac OS X Server in both a $ 499 10 - client edition and a $ 999 unlimited client version .
While the unlimited version offers one of the best values in enterprise server software , it ’s cheaper sibling is mighty expensive for an organization that only needs to serve ten users .
If you have a small office or just need a dedicated server for a small workgroup , the client version of Mac OS X can easily be turned into a server using shareware , freeware , and built - in software .
OS X Server is no different under the hood than the regular client version ; a lot of the server software is actually included with every version of OS X , including 10.4 Tiger .
What Apple has bundled with OS X Server are easy - to - use graphical front - ends for these services .
These graphical tools can either be used from the server or from a remote OS X computer .
Thanks to some enterprising developers , for those with smaller needs and smaller budgets , that spare G3 or G4 you have lying around can probably give you all the server functionality you need for a fraction of the cost of a dedicated server or a copy of OS X Server .
Set Up Your Machine
If you are using an older machine for your server on the cheap , consider going out and picking up a new , fast , large hard drive .
Place it in one of your server ’s available drive bays .
You can use this new drive to store your data with the main hard drive functioning solely as the startup drive .
Install your version of Mac OS X. Mac OS X 10.3 Panther or 10.4
Tiger have more software actively developed for them these days , although 10.2 Jaguar would probably still work well for you .
Set up the first account as Administrator or something to that effect .
After finishing the setup assistant , run Software Update , install the available updates , reboot , and repeat until Software Update reports your system is up - to - date .
File Serving
The first thing most people need from a server is the ability to share files .
The interface for File Sharing ( in System Preferences > Sharing ) in OS X is fairly limited .
You can basically turn File Sharing on or off ; users can then log in and access their home folders or the Drop Boxes in other users ’ home folders .
While this setup is fairly neat for a certain type of file sharing , it lacks the qualities of a “ normal ” file server – the ability to define share points , users , groups , and permissions for those share points .
You ’ll find the ability to do this in Windows 2000 / XP , most Linux GUIs , and even Mac OS 7 , 8 , and 9 .
In OS X , you could fiddle with the NetInfo Manager and the Terminal for Apple File Sharing , or smb.conf files for Windows file sharing .
Or you can download yourself a copy of SharePoints .
SharePoints fills the holes left by Apple ’s GUI implementation of the OS ’s file sharing abilities – and a lot more .
All of these features are already built into OS X , but HornWare took the time and effort to put a nice front end to them .
Users can be added as “ file sharing only ” users , so that they can only log in via file sharing and are not given full - fledged OS X login accounts .
The users and groups management of sharepoints brings something to OS X that is badly needed – an easy way to create and manage ad - hoc system groups .
Any folder can be defined as a sharepoint and have its permissions set from within SharePoints .
You can have files in the sharepoint inherit the permissions of its parent sharepoint or leave traditional Unix - style permissions in place .
( In Unix mode , whoever creates a file is the “ owner ” , regardless of the permissions of its parent folder .
Those used to Apple ’s older file sharing technology will definitely want to opt for “ inherit permissions ” . )
Shared folders can be shared to Mac users , Windows / SMB users , or both .
Server properties , like the greeting message and what to log in the log files , can be set .
The feature list goes on and on , and amazingly the developer does not charge for SharePoints .
He does accept donations , however .
If you get use out of SharePoints ( and I ’m sure you will if you install it ) , please send HornWare whatever you can afford to encourage further development .
Web Server
Another popular feature of OS X Server is the built - in Apache web server .
However , it ’s also built into the client version , where it ’s called Personal Web Sharing .
By turning this on and placing HTML documents in / Library / WebServer / Documents / , you ’ve essentially got the same web server built into OS X Server .
While OS X Server provides a GUI for turning Apache features on and off ( like enabling PHP ) , the same thing can be done with the client version .
Nearly all configuration is stored in /etc/ httpd/httpd.conf .
It may take a little more thinking and reading , but most things can be done with relative ease by editing this config file .
The included Apache on both OS X Server and client is version 1.3 .
Point - and - click package installers for Apache 2 , along with newer versions of PHP , exist for Mac OS X , making web serving on a Mac a breeze .
Server Logistics [ now Xfernet ] makes some very popular Apache , PHP , and MySQL packages for Mac OS X .
Printer Sharing
The printer management features of OS X Server offer the ability to create queues and quotas .
The small office that can benefit from this server on the cheap will have no use for this .
If you do need to share a printer , OS X client ’s built - in printer sharing is more than capable .
DNS
If you have a need for an in - house DNS server , OS X Server can handle this chore easily .
The same DNS server software ( known as BIND ) built in to OS X Server is also there in the client version .
Perhaps taking a cue from SharePoints , Josh Wisenbaker has developed DNS Helper .
This is a very straightforward GUI app that gets you at the BIND configuration files and makes setting up an ad - hoc DNS server on your Mac a snap .
DNS
Helper is freeware and open source ; the source is included in the download .
FTP
FTP on OS X client is similar to file sharing on the client version – it ’s very basic and limited .
If you turn on FTP sharing , users can expect to log in to their home folders and any other folders they might have access to .
If you ’re wanting to set up a more specialized FTP server , it ’s off to the command line .
Fortunately , a free , full - featured and fast FTP server is out there for OS X. Called PureFTPD
Manager , this is yet another gem that will help you convert your OS X client box into a full - fledged server .
Email
Want to run an IMAP based mail server ?
Here ’s another example of things built in to both OS X Server and client – again with no GUI in the client .
And once again , enterprising developers have come to the rescue .
Postfix Enabler from Mac@Work follows what must be a familiar trend by now – it provides a GUI to the Postfix mail server built into OS X 10.3 or 10.4 .
Other Services
Of course , there are some things you get with OS X Server that you just do n’t get with the client version no matter how many freeware packages you install .
Traditionally , it has been the QuickTime Streaming Server and WebObjects deployment license , although Apple has added more server - only features in the last few years .
Organizations that are best served by this “ cheap server ” probably wo n’t have any need for these extra bells and whistles .
Among these services are DHCP , VPN , and NAT .
A small office / home office Internet router can provide these services .
The Firewall service available in OS X Server could be emulated with third - party software in the client version , but a good SOHO router could also take care of this .
Managed clients is also pretty much an impossibility without OS X Server , but that ’s very well out of the scope of any small workgroup .
X Grid control is one of the recent server - only additions , but a small office with ten clients or less wo n’t ever come close to needing distributed computing power .
The remote administration tools of OS X Server are very nice .
If you ’re handy with the command line , turning on SSH will provide you with a nongraphical way to accomplish most things you can do with the Server Admin tools .
If nothing else , you could also install a free VNC server and use one of many free VNC clients to control the server remotely .
OS X Server Is a Good Buy
Mac OS X Server is a good buy .
At $ 999 for unlimited clients , it ’s an incredible value in comparison to Microsoft ’s “ per user tax ” .
But for those who ca n’t or do n’t want to spend the money on the real thing , most services for small workgroups can be had for nothing more than a little downloading and elbow grease .
Many aspiring Mac sysadmins will find it a lot more fun to turn the Mac OS X client into a server .
Those who appreciate a good bargain are also likely to enjoy this process .
Links
Keywords : # macosxserver #osxserver #lowendserver
Short link : http://goo.gl/5US4SB
searchword : osxserver , lowendserver
Like this : Like Loading ...
June 19 , 2007 , 3:43 pm
I understand the environmental logic to tax petroleum -- I do n't particularly agree with it , but some sort of carbon - based tax is probably the least - bad way to achieve various environmental goals ( I will leave for other posts whether these goals make any sense ) .
However , the Senate 's proposal to tax oil companies directly , rather than the oil or petroleum products themselves , is a gutless chickenshit maneuver that is just so typical of politicians .
A tax on oil companies is less efficient than a direct carbon tax on the fuel ( because it is operating less directly on price signals ) , but it makes sense to our political masters for several reasons :
Populist Congressman can argue to their constituencies that " we did n't tax you consumers , we taxed those evil bloated oil companies . "
Of course , in the end , the money comes from consumers anyway .
That 's just basic economics .
Oil companies , not politicians , get blamed for collecting the tax from consumers .
This is an tried - and - true approach , that has worked well with gasoline taxes embedded in pump prices .
When oil prices inevitably rise due to the tax , the Congress will use this oil price rise as a rallying cry to ... increase taxes more .
It is the classic government win-win of proposing increased regulations to solve problems caused by government regulations .
This part is even worse :
Another measure , pushed by Sen. Jeff Bingaman , D - N.M. , was aimed at
collected $ 10.7 billion in royalties the government has been unable to
collect because of flawed oil leasing contracts issued by the Interior
Department in 1998 - 99 .
The government would collect an excise tax on
any oil taken from the Gulf of Mexico , subject to royalties not being
paid .
Here is what happened :
The government wrote offshore lease / royalty contracts in a certain way .
Oil companies read the contract language , and entered into the contract as written , and subsequently invested billions of dollars to develop the leases .
More recently , as oil prices rose , the government thinks it made a bad deal , and should have written the contracts differently .
The solution for private companies who make a bad deal : live with it .
The solution for the government , though , it apparently to use the coercive power of the government to extract the royalties you failed to put in the contract 18 years ago via special excise taxes .
And do n't even get me started on this farm subsidy program masquerading as energy policy :
The bill would funnel about $ 11 billion over 10 years into the
development of renewable fuels such as ethanol , biodiesel and power
from wind turbines in a combination of extensions of existing tax
breaks and new tax benefits .
An additional $ 18 billion in tax breaks " ”
from tax credits to clean and renewable energy bonds " ” also were
approved .
We are making a mistake of epic proportions pouring money and regulatory breaks into ethanol .
Ethanol , in the form we ar investing in it in this country , does NOTHING to reduce our oil use or improve the environment or reduce CO2 emissions .
Nada .
All it does is increase taxes , increase fuel prices , increase food prices , and , soon , cause environmental problems as marginal lands are brought into corn production .
I made a plea to stop this before it is too late , ie before the industry becomes so entrenched it will be politically impossible to cut it off .
I fear we are rapidly approaching this point of no return .
Digg
del.icio.us
Newsvine
Reddit
Facebook SALEM , Ore. 
The nation 's first law to help protect Oregon high school and college journalists from censorship by school administrations will be signed Friday by Gov .
Ted Kulongoski
The Oregon law makes student journalists responsible for determining the content of school - sponsored media , and gives them the right to sue schools if they feel free - press rights have been violated .
It is the country 's first law in more than a decade to protect high school journalists , and the first ever to cover both high school and college journalists under one statute , said Warren Watson , director of J - Ideas , a First Amendment institute at Ball State University in Muncie , Ind .
" This is really a landmark for student journalism , " Watson said .
Six other states — Arkansas , California , Colorado , Iowa , Kansas and Massachusetts — have laws that protect high school journalists from censorship .
All were passed before 1996 .
State Rep. Larry Galizio , a Democrat , introduced Oregon 's bill .
Galizio , who also teaches college journalism , said he read about a similar attempt being made in Washington state and modeled Oregon 's bill on that effort .
The Washington bill died in the Senate in April .
Journalism and education associations across Oregon coordinated support for the bill , said Frank Ragulsky , executive director of the Northwest Scholastic Press association and student media director at Oregon State University .
" I think it was a grass - roots effort by a lot of the constituents in Oregon that made it happen , " Ragulsky said .
Lauren Dillard , editor of Oregon State University 's Daily Barometer , told lawmakers that students can't learn how to hold governments accountable if they can't question their own governing body .
" It 's difficult to serve as that Fourth Estate if you do n't have independence from your organization , " Dillard said .
Dillard graduated from Canby High School in Canby , Ore .
In 2005 , Canby High 's principal objected to a story about students talking frankly about race .
Instead of changing the story or running a different one , student journalists ran white space with the words " censored by the administration . "
Opponents of the bill , such as the Oregon School Boards Association , said that students are n't capable of responsibly editing a newspaper .
They said even professional journalists are subject to the editorial control of publishers and owners .
Attorney Mike Hiestand , a legal consultant for the Student Press Law Center in Arlington , Va. , said the free - speech rights of college journalists had not been seriously challenged until 2005 .
That year , the 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in an Illinois case , Hosty v. Carter , that college administrators could impose prior review and restraint on student papers if the publication is not a designated public forum for student expression .
Hiestand said school administrators have since cited the ruling in instituting tighter control over college and high school student publications .
Free - speech advocates say the Oregon bill 's passage was a victory .
" At a time when so much student expression is being diminished , it is heartening to know that Oregon , consistent with its rich free - speech tradition , is at least doing something to stem the tide of censorship of student expression , " said Ronald Collins , a scholar for the Nashville - based First Amendment Center .
Loew reports for the Statesman Journal in Salem , Ore .
Share this story : Digg del.icio.us Newsvine Reddit Facebook Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
Your minute 's up !
If you wish to extend your tour , simply click on any link above which strikes your fancy !
OR ...
Check out this illustrated guide to the wildest stories on the net !
Shortly after the system of luggage searches by TSA went into effect , some inexpensive jewelery in an outer pocket of a suitcase I checked disappeared .
I suspected pilfering by whoever searched it , but since I had no way of either proving anything had been stolen or identifying the person responsible , I did nothing .
On my most recent trip by air , I had two suitcases - - a big metal one and a smaller soft sided suitcase .
The metal suitcase had a combination lock which I left unlocked , since otherwise TSA was likely to break it .
Since without the lock I thought there was some risk of the suitcase opening , I put a luggage strap around it .
The strap had no lock -- you just pressed the sides of the catch to open it .
When I picked up the suitcases , the strap had been broken open .
The other suitcase has two built - in straps to cinch it tight .
Both were unfastened and hanging loose , at obvious risk of getting tangled in the luggage handling machinery .
Nothing stolen , so far as I know , but the wanton destruction of about ten dollars worth of property and a risk of further damage .
Obviously , even if I knew for certain that TSA employees were responsible in both cases , that would not demonstrate that the organization itself was at fault -- even a well run and well intentioned organization may sometimes hire a dishonest , irresponsible or careless employee .
My case against TSA starts by asking what they would do if they cared about such matters -- if they were concerned to prevent vandalism or pilferage by their employees .
The answer is pretty clear .
When they search your luggage , they leave you a printed note telling you that they did so .
All they would have to do in order to identify employees responsible for stealing or damaging property would be to have each note stamped with the name of the employee who did the search .
If they got complaints from multiple passengers about the same employee they could then investigate further .
I take their falure to follow that policy or something similar as clear evidence of culpable negligence , reason to think that they do n't actually care .
Am I missing something ?
An associate municipal court judge in Lafayette resigned Monday in protest of stiffer penalties for marijuana possession in the city .
Leonard Frieling , a Boulder criminal - defense lawyer , said he is resigning out of principle after more than eight years as a backup to Lafayette Municipal Judge Roger Buchholz .
" I cannot in good conscience sit on the bench while being unwilling to enforce the municipal ordinances , " Frieling said in a resignation letter to city officials .
" Specifically , since you have seen fit to increase the penalty for cannabis possession from a $ 100 fine ( which matches the state penalty ) to a $ 1,000 fine and a year in jail , I find that I am morally and ethically unable to sit as a judge for the city . "
The Lafayette City Council last week passed a first reading of an ordinance increasing the possible penalty for possession of cannabis or drug paraphernalia , which now carries a maximum $ 100 fine .
The change is pending final approval next week .
Frieling said he was willing to enforce the old ordinance despite a personal belief that the war on marijuana is " ridiculous . "
He said it makes no sense for cannabis to be illegal for adults who are allowed to drink alcohol , and the proposed penalty in Lafayette would set a bad precedent .
" The state of Colorado has somewhat decriminalized small amounts for personal possession by making it a petty offense with maximum $ 100 fine , " he said .
" I think that it is inappropriate for a municipality that a crime is so much more serious within their city limits than it is statewide . "
Lafayette Mayor Chris Berry said Monday night that he had not seen Frieling ’s letter and could not comment on its contents .
Berry said the new pot penalties were among several changes supported by the city ’s law enforcement .
The idea was to increase the maximum penalty to give judges more discretion when sentencing marijuana offenders under different circumstances , he said .
" My interpretation was that it would be up to the judge , " Berry said .
" A sitting judge could still make ( the fine ) $ 100 . "
Mayor Pro Tem David Strungis  who cast the sole vote against the ordinance  said the police chief and sitting judge showed " no evidence that we have a pandemic of marijuana - possession arrests in Lafayette . "
" My feeling was that punishments have to be within reason , and the punishment has to fit the crime , " Strungis said .
" To put someone in jail for a year for less than an ounce of marijuana  I could n’t justify that . "
Contact Camera Staff Writer
Eric Schmidt at ( 303 ) 473-1628 or schmidte@dailycamera.com .
Joe and Mary
Ages : 29 and 28
Professions : Joe - Senior Account Executive ( lender ) , Mary - Real Estate Agent
Location : Orange County
Yearly Income Combined : $ 130,000 Gross
Net Monthly Income ( After Taxes ) : $ 8,200
Automobiles : Mercedes E350 Sedan ( $ 599/33 month Lease ) , GL 450 Suv Purchase ( $ 56,000 )
Monthly Auto Fuel Cost ( Filling up Once Per Week ) : $ 350
Home Purchase : Costa Mesa 4/2 Home , Bought Late 2004 for $ 675,000
Credit Card Debt : $ 25,000
Monthly Food Budget ( Including Dining Out ) : $ 700
So this should give you a nice snapshot of the couple .
Since they were sophisticated investors in the know , they decided to jump into the home with a 2/28 loan , interest only with no money down .
After all , someone making $ 130,000 a year can clearly sustain pretty much anything right ?
And as we all know , no money down was no longer simply a thing of late night infomercials but a mainstream way of buying a home .
Here is the monthly budget below with the teaser rate loan ( they had it for 2.75 % ) :
2004 Budget
House Payment ( PITI – at 2.75 % interest only / 2 years ) : $ 2,249
Auto Cost ( monthly payment / lease / loan/ fuel ) : $ 1,749
Dining : $ 700
Credit Card Payment : $ 500
Total : $ 5,198
Monthly Net : $ 8,200
Disposable income : $ 3,002
Keep in mind we are not factoring in medical insurance , cell phone cost , utility bills , retirement accounts , and many other items .
These are things that I am aware regarding their budget since I was privy to the information .
Well , more like them showing off to me , but I made mental notes on these items as I would with a past client showing me their monthly budget .
So even with that said , $ 3,002 a month in disposable income is a pretty nice chunk of change to pay the remaining monthly items .
But again , this was a teaser 2/28 loan .
Unfortunately , they did n’t factor in one of them losing their job , a rate reset , and a slumping housing market .
Let us take a look at the late 2006 monthly budget :
2006 Budget
House Payment ( PITI – amortized fully over 28 years / full rate of 6.25 % ) : $ 4,962
Auto Cost ( monthly payment / lease / loan/ fuel ) : $ 1,749
Dining : $ 700
Credit Card Payment : $ 500
Total : $ 7,911
Monthly Net : $ 8,200
Disposable income : $ 289
Suddenly the jump in the rate creates a crunch on the household income .
Keep in mind the above still does n’t factor in other monthly cost .
In addition , this was in late 2006 before , Joe lost his Senior Account job because the company went under .
They were already feeling the pinch since the housing industry was already showing signs of weakness and their income being variable with commissions , was also taking a hit .
Joe jumped to another mortgage outfit but they were only able to give him $ 30,000 a year base plus any commissions .
Of course with the tightening of the housing market business is not going so well since both of their careers are tied directly to the housing industry .
Their combined income is no longer $ 130,000 a year but approximately $ 80,000 a year .
So let us run the numbers again with the new household income :
2007 Budget
House Payment ( PITI – amortized fully over 28 years / full rate of 6.25 % ) : $ 4,962
Auto Cost ( monthly payment / lease / loan/ fuel ) : $ 1,749
Dining : $ 700
Credit Card Payment : $ 500
Total : $ 7,911
Monthly Net : $ 5,804
Disposable income : $ - 2,107
California living is very expensive .
You ’ll also notice that being in the industry they are in , they felt that they needed symbols of affluence to keep up with the Joneses .
So now that you can see that not only folks that make
How Does Foreclosure Really Look Like ?
Now we are running massive monthly budget deficits .
It may come to a shock to many people that a household earning $ 130,000 a year actually may have financial difficulties .
But looking above , you can see how easy and quickly someone can go into financial ruin .
Statistically , this couple was in the top 10 percent of household incomes in the country .
Yet they spent way beyond their means .
living is very expensive .
You ’ll also notice that being in the industry they are in , they felt that they needed symbols of affluence to keep up with the Joneses .
So now that you can see that not only folks that make $ 14,000 a year purchasing $ 720,000 go into mortgage trouble , even those that are considered the most affluent also have financial problems .
The next phase of this case study is the foreclosure process .
Foreclosure has been a somewhat unheard of novel thing in California for the past decade .
Any homeowner in trouble was able to put their home up for sale and it would sell quickly before the entire process ran its course .
The market was so hot that it covered financial irresponsibility by letting folks off the hook .
This all ended last year .
Suddenly , the market is declining yet rates are still resetting .
Folks are realizing that they are unable to make the payments , sell for their asking price , and losing their homes .
So how did Joe and Mary lose their home ?
This is the next stage of the foreclosure story and a sad one .
The psychology of running massive monthly deficits is a hard one .
For one , you are probably wondering about the incredibly high car cost .
This is Southern California and having a new model is somewhat common practice .
The worst depreciating item you can own is a vehicle .
Regardless , they purchased one of the two Mercedes and after a year or so , if they decided to sell they would be selling at a loss .
So after Joe lost his job , they decided to put their home up for sale knowing they would be unable to make the payments .
At first , they thought that they would be able to make a nice profit on the home .
This was not the case .
This is how the following months looked like :
Month 1 - 6 – ( Pre-Foreclosure )
Joe and Mary miss one payment .
They have their home listed at $ 790,000 on the MLS .
No bites .
The bank sends a late notice to their home .
Since they ’ve been in the industry , they have seen homes sell even before landing on the MLS .
They are certain that they will sell the home .
Total Monthly Payment Behind : $ 4,962
Late Payment : $ 40
Total to Cure Account : $ 5,002
Another month goes by and no offers .
They lower the price to $ 775,000 to generate some interest .
Nothing .
They start getting a bit anxious .
They get another payment from the bank but this time , they will need to make two payments .
At this point , they make a conscious decision not to pay the mortgage and put in a clause for a future buyer to cure the account when they buy :
Total Monthly Payment behind : $ 9924
Late Payment : $ 40 x 2
$ 10,004 Total to Cure Account :
At this point the bank tries to make contact with Joe and Mary .
If they could n’t pay $ 5,002 how are they going to pay double that ?
A third month comes along and they lower the home price to $ 750,000 .
Still the market is dry and silent .
At this point the couple receives letters from the bank and attorney .
They now start receiving formal letters :
Total Monthly Payment behind : $ 14,886
Late Payment : $ 40 x 3
Legal Fees : $ 75
$ 15,081 Total to Cure Account :
Forth month comes along :
Total Monthly Payment behind : $ 19,848
Late Payment : $ 40 x 4
Legal Fees : $ 75 x 2
$ 20,158 Total to Cure Account :
Fifth Month :
Total Monthly Payment behind : $ 24,810
Late Payment : $ 40 x 5
Legal Fees : $ 75 x 3
$ 25,160 Total to Cure Account :
The bank issues a demand for full payment including full balance , back interest , plus late charges , and legal fees all at once .
The legal notices start .
Joe and Mary now have their home listed at $ 715,000 .
Still no bites .
They did have some people come by but the deals did n’t materialize .
Now they need $ 25,160 to cure the account but the bank has legally informed them that they will accept no payments except a full balance payment on their original $ 675,000 note .
Keep in mind the bank is no place for negotiations .
Can you imagine calling up your local Mercedes dealer and saying , “ Hello Mercedes ?
Yeah , I ’m not going to be able to afford the $ 600 this month but would you be willing to take $ 300 plus a free Dodger ticket ? ”
The bank now sends a certified letter of notice of intent to foreclose .
Joe and Mary realize they will not sell their home .
The notice and waiting period begins .
They stay in the place two more months .
Now it will cost $ 35,000 + to bring the account current plus a full payment on the balance .
Of course this will never happen given the circumstances of their finances .
No payments are arranged and the house is sold at auction and of course , the bank reclaims the home as REO since they are on the sheets for $ 675,000 .
The home is now officially REO and get this , they have it listed for $ 750,000 !
The bank is delusional .
Joe and Mary now have a foreclosure on their credit record and rent a much smaller home .
They managed to break the lease on the Mercedes but are on the hook for the purchased SUV .
You ’ll notice how things spiral out of control when you spend more than you earn .
I can only imagine households with $ 60,000 getting into this mess .
If anything , it will accelerate ten times faster .
They are considering bankruptcy but the new laws are now more stringent in terms of letting people completely off the hook , especially a couple that makes nearly twice the median US income .
Hopefully this article gives you an inside look at the story of foreclosure and how it can happen to anyone .
I 've seen many blogs talk about foreclosures and the numbers but have n't seen a post detailing the entire process and how it impacts a home owner 's bottom line .
Not only that , but you should get an understanding that we are in a bubble so large , that missing one payment puts you in arrears for $ 10,000 , or the down payment of a modest home in many states of the US .
If this is what happening at stage one of the bubble , what do you see happening in the latter stages ?
We all know that foreclosures are on the rise throughout the nation .
Most people realize that a foreclosure means that you will lose your home .
But how does this process look like ?
In reality , the foreclosure process is a drawn out and lengthy ordeal .
It is a gut wrenching and personal nightmare for most folks .
So this article is a story about a couple .
A couple who is the poster representation of the housing boom and now bust .
In this article , we will examine their profession , income , and monthly budget .
Amazingly , folks are very upfront when they are making lots of money but go into clandestine mode when they are having financial difficulties .
Below is the couple ’s profile :
By Bernard Weiner , The Crisis Papers
What was the route that led the U.S. to its present fiasco in Iraq and elsewhere ?
We 'll get to impeachment below , but for now let 's trace back the thread , starting in 1947 .
This narrative may seem like old history , but it adds to better understanding of how we got from there then to here now .
( Much of the shorthand analysis below is derived from my doctoral dissertation on the " Truman Doctrine . " )
America , having helped defeat the then - reining " Axis of Evil " -- the fascist triumverate of Germany , Japan , Italy -- was eager to return to post - war normalcy .
U.S. troops returned home from Europe and the Pacific ; industry converted from manufacturing war materiel to homes , cars , refrigerators ; the U.S. economy was starting to hum .
Though some Republican rightwingers were suggesting the U.S. should " finish the job " by " rolling back " Stalin 's control of Eastern Europe , there was n't much stomach for starting another world war so soon after the last one ended .
( http://www.scoop.co.nz/stories/HL0505/S00255.htm )
The British had covertly let the president know that postwar strains on the Empire were taking their toll on that country 's economic and political systems .
And then , suddenly , the Brits openly informed their American allies that their situation was so tenuous that the U.S. would have to take over the job of propping up the pro-West governments in Turkey and Greece .
( Greece had a large , active , armed Communist Party in struggle against the rightwing government . )
BIRTH OF " THE TRUMAN DOCTRINE
President Harry Truman recognized that , given the problems facing the weakened British Empire , the U.S. would indeed have to step in , at least economically , to stabilize the post - war situation .
But since Truman had n't informed the Congress about any of this , suddenly asking them to pony up $ 400 million for the embattled Greek and Turkish governments was going to be a tough sell .
Truman , a Democrat facing a Republican Congress , asked the chair of the Foreign Relations Committee , GOP Senator Arthur Vandenberg , for his support .
If you want to get that money out of Congress , Vandenberg said , you 'll have to " scare hell out of the country . "
In other words , take a minor budget item and blow it out of all proportion -- couched in a struggle against a Soviet - led , worldwide " Red Menace . "
And thus " The Truman Doctrine , " initiated by the president and backed by the rabidly anti-Soviet Republicans , was born .
That doctrine basically said that from now on , the U.S. would take action anywhere in the world to combat Communism .
Greece / Turkey was the region where the fight would start .
Congress did grant Truman the funds for Greece and Turkey , and in so doing the U.S. took a giant step away from its predominantly isolationist stance in world politics .
But by agreeing to engage " the enemy " anywhere Communism reared its head , the U.S. locked itself into an unworkable , unrealistic , ultimately self - defeating policy .
It was precisely that ideology and worldview that influenced U.S. actions years later when America took over the colonial war in Vietnam that had defeated the French .
As the years went by , the U.S. found itself trapped in an Asian quagmire it never fully comprehended , and resisted the popular clamor to cut their losses and bring the boys home .
ISLAMISTS AS THE NEW " COMMUNISTS
I think you can see where I 'm going with this ancient history : " scaring hell out of the country " is not a concept unknown in our current situation .
The new " communists , " so to speak -- Islamic extremists -- bloodied the nose of their American enemy on September 11 , 2001 by slaughtering nearly 3000 in New York and Washington .
Bush vowed to retaliate .
Bush and his neo-con advisers , who already had Iraq in their crosshairs long before 9/11 , could have chosen to mount a global campaign to locate , isolate and capture / kill those responsible for the attacks ; in other words , it could have treated the conspiracy as an international criminal matter .
But that would yield Bush and his supporters very little , politically speaking , especially since the rightwing GOP agenda in Congress was going nowhere .
In short , Bush &Co. decided they needed to " scare hell out of the country " -- using supposed WMDs controlled by Saddam , allusions to Iraq - delivered nuclear bombs going off in the U.S. , etc. -- in order to gain public approval for the extreme actions the Administration was about to take .
A permanent " war against terrorism " would help maintain that level of fright .
Americans probably would n't go along with the radical re-direction required , said a Project for The New American Century report ( major players : Rumsfeld , Wolfowitz , Cheney ) , until or unless a " new Pearl Harbor " occurred .
Condi Rice , days after 9/11 , said the U.S. should seize the " opportunity " offered by 9/11 for the implementation of its agenda .
Whether by conscious action or just plain coincidence , the next " Pearl Harbor " definitely had arrived .
THE FORCE OF NATIONALISM
The decision by Bush &Co. to launch a war of choice against Iraq was based on numerous lies and misconceptions , the supposed WMD being just the most obvious .
But there was another huge mistake that was barely noticed .
And so it 's back to my dissertation on the origins of the Cold War .
The American government believed that Communism was a monolithic movement all across the globe ; there was little or no recognition that " national communism " could even exist : that Yugoslav communism was different from the variety practiced by the Vietnamese , that Greek communism was distinguishable from that in the Soviet Union , that Chinese communism was different from Romania 's -- in short , that there were national interests involved that sometimes trumped Communist solidarity .
Seeing the enemy as a monolith during the Cold War meant that policies based on that simplistic interpretation of Communism were often ill - conceived and dangerously wrong - headed ; diplomatic interventions targeted to specific national concerns tended not to be attempted , the results of which were disasters of one sort or another .
In the case of Vietnam , for example , this short - sighted analysis of Communist nations led to the deaths of more than 54,000 U.S. troops and as many as two million Vietnamese ; the U.S. government could not see that Ho Chi Minh was a nationalist communist , and ignored Vietnam 's long history of repelling invaders from China , France and elsewhere .
Which brings us to the current Bush Administration and its GOP supporters , who appear to base their policies on the premise that all Islamic jihadists are part of the same monolithic movement .
ONE SIZE DOESN'T FIT ALL
Islamists may be moving in roughly the same direction in some loose , even metaphorical , sense .
But the CheneyBush Administration and its supporters do n't speculate that way .
In the run-up to the war , and even today , many of them conflate those who carried out the 9/11 attacks with the Iraq of Saddam Hussein , as if they were part of a singular Muslim conspiracy -- even though Saddam regarded Islamists as threats to his dictatorial hold on a secular Iraq and murdered them whenever and wherever he found them .
CheneyBush 's limited , one - size - fits - all view of the world translates to judging a jihadist in Iraq as being the same as one in Lebanon or Palestine .
And thus the U.S. has missed innumerable opportunities to split off Iraqi nationalist fighters from the more extremist Islamist jihadists .
Similarly , that attitude has prevented the Administration from talking seriously with neighboring Syria and Iran -- who have their own nationalist concerns with regard to Iraq -- about ways to end the war .
Seeing the world through monofaceted , ideological glasses puts foreign / military policy on automatic pilot , while manipulating the press and public with frightening stories of supposedly imminent attacks by a grotesque terrorist - monster .
Intelligent foreign policy requires a knowlege of history and politics and religion and language , and a whole lot more .
Had the CheneyBush Administration possessed some of that understanding ( or listened to those that did ) , they might not have blundered their way into the wholesale catastrophe that is its Iraq War and Occupation .
THE WARNINGS IGNORED
For example , they might have listened to their own experts in the State Department and CIA who issued prescient warnings about the likely consequences of attacking and occupying Iraq .
They might have heard their European allies advising them not to make a huge mistake by invading that country .
They might have been able to hear what 10 million ordinary citizens all around the globe were trying to tell them as they marched and demonstrated against America 's about - to - begin war of choice .
But Cheney , Bush , Rumsfeld and the rest of the neo-con ideologues were blinded by their technological might , by the fact that the U.S. was the only superpower left standing after the Soviet Union fell apart , and by their feeling they could do whatever they wanted to do in the world since nobody could stop them .
Since the Iraq war was launched on the basis of lies and deceptions ( and a load of self - deceptions ) , and was being carried out by incompetents and greedy exploiters way over their heads , their enterprise was doomed from the start .
They were unable to admit their errors in policy and execution , and could not accept the fact that their war had stirred - up a hornet 's nest of nationalist rebellion in Iraq and elsewhere in the Greater Middle East .
Lacking a " Plan B , " they compounded their disastrous war and occupation by doing little but " staying the course " with a failed policy for several years .
THE FAST EVAPORATION OF SUPPORT
Eventually , the barest hints of reality made their way into their illusion - based policy , and , at the last minute -- or , more accurately , way past the last minute -- they admitted to themselves that things were n't going well and so tried for a massive do - over with their " surge " of additional tens of thousands of troops into the fray , with thousands more on their way and the field - generals asking for still more .
That policy of escalating the war did n't work in Vietnam , and it is n't working in Iraq .
The die was cast long ago and now the only question is whether CheneyBush will be able to stretch out the new " surging " escalation of the war through the November 2008 election .
But political support for the continued occupation and escalation of the war in Iraq is quickly evaporating .
Former commanding generals in intelligence and in the Iraq theatre ( such as Generals Odom , Batiste , Eaton , et al. ) are openly denouncing the Administration 's disastrous war policies , and reportedly serving generals have said they will resign in protest if the escalation is renewed in the Fall absent clearcut signs of political / military progress .
Delegations of Republican member of Congress are denouncing the CheneyBush war policies to their faces in private White House meetings .
The polls continue to reveal the depth of the revulsion nearly two - thirds of Americans have for the Administration 's grossly mismanaged war effort in Iraq and the public 's desire to end the conflict and bring the troops home .
IMPEACHMENT : THE ONLY LEGAL ALTERNATIVE
Since it does n't appear that any significant changes in U.S. Iraq policy will be implemented while CheneyBush rule , and since that policy is endangering America abroad and shredding the Constitution at home , only one legal remedy is available to the Congress and citizenry : impeachment .
To do nothing , to let CheneyBush run out the clock until the next presidential election , is to consign thousands and thousands of additional U.S. troops and Iraqi civilians to death and injury .
Do we citizens want that blood on our hands , on our consciences ?
I do n't think so .
There are more than enough impeachable offenses ( " high crimes and misdemeanors " ) committed by Cheney and Bush , and their morally corrupt Attorney General , to warrant the immediate convening of a House impeachment panel .
HIGH CRIMES , MISDEMEANORS , MALFEASANCE
The charges would include the lies and deceptions that took this country into an unnecessary war in Iraq , now in its fifth stalemated year ; the various manglings of the Constitution that have changed America from a democratic republic to an authoritarian near - dictatorship , thus robbing the citizenry of their rights and legal protections ; the refusal to comply with Congressional directives , subpoenas and orders for the production of official documents and records .
( Lest we forget , that last one was a key part of the charges voted by the House impeachment panel probing President Nixon 's crimes .
( http://www.dailykos.com/storyonly/2007/5/11/2175/54578 )
Stonewalling , coverup , corruption , wars of choice , wrecking the Constitution -- these emblems of CheneyBush rule cannot be permitted to continue for another year - and - a - half , lest the nation be effectively destroyed from within .
It 's long past time for the Democrats and traditional conservative Republicans to begin to rectify the damage done by this reckless , arrogant , bullying , corrupt , power - mad Administration .
To get that process moving , impeachment hearings should commence .
Now .#
Bernard Weiner , Ph.D. , has taught government & international relations at universites in California and Washington , worked as a writer / editor with the San Francisco Chronicle for nearly two decades , and currently co-edits The Crisis Papers ( www.crisispapers.org).
To comment :
.
First published by The Crisis Papers and Democratic Underground 5/15/07 .
http://www.crisispapers.org/essays7w/roots.htm
Copyright 2007 by Bernard Weiner .
_______
Bernie Weiner happily re-upping .
About author Bernard Weiner , a poet - playwright , worked as a writer / editor with the San Francisco Chronicle , has taught government & international relations at various universities , and currently co-edits The Crisis Papers ( Bernard Weiner , a poet - playwright , worked as a writer / editor with the San Francisco Chronicle , has taught government & international relations at various universities , and currently co-edits The Crisis Papers ( www.crisispapers.org ) .
For comment : crisispapers@comcast.net
Today you are young .
And in the arrogance of youth you may believe that it is not necessary to start saving for retirement yet .
But the consequences of such thinking are not pretty .
Here are some stark reminders of what life can be like in our old age , if we do n’t plan for our retirement from right now .
We may not be out on the streets , but wherever we work , if we are forced to do it to stay afloat , it will be equally sad !
Evening Post by rofanator via Flickr .
Old Thoughts by angelocesare via Flickr .
In suburbia by anyone_anywhere via Flickr .
Old woman selling peanuts in the beach by Henrique Vicente via Flickr .
Sweeping by zakwitnij via Flickr .
Lonely Lacie 1 by dave_merwin via Flickr .
Men at work by inoneear via Flickr .
Old Woman in Cathedral Village Regina by Daniel Paquet via Flickr .
Ever vigilant by Damgaard via Flickr .
Old woman by_gem_ via Flickr .
Tired by Farhang via Flickr .
Old Woman on Subway by MamboZ via Flickr .
The Old Man Of Wakefield by rofanator via Flickr .
NOTE : All these photographs have Creative Commons licenses .
If you want to use these photographs for commercial purposes , please contact the photographers directly ( a link to their fickr profiles is provided below each photograph ) .
This blog consciously tries to avoid copyright infringement .
If you ever find a violation , please do let me know and I will immediately take the necessary action to rectify the situation .
Do n't Envy the Successful Entrepreneur - Become One ! "
Like this post ?
Want more great articles ?
Check out our newsletter to receive exclusive content sent only to the select few who subscribe .
We will even start you off with the bonus 10 - part eSeries
One firm focuses almost exclusively on parts of the tax code that affect the News Corporation .
By taking advantage of a provision in the law that allows expanding companies like Mr. Murdoch ’s to defer taxes to future years , the News Corporation paid no federal taxes in two of the last four years , and in the other two it paid only a fraction of what it otherwise would have owed .
During that time , Securities and Exchange Commission records show , the News Corporation ’s domestic pretax profits topped $ 9.4 billion .
The News Corporation ’s outside lobbying team has been a veritable political Noah ’s ark .
It has included Republicans like Ed Gillespie , former Republican Party chairman ; former Senator Alfonse M. D’Amato of New York ; and the firm headed by former Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani of New York .
But it has also included former Democratic members of Congress , as well as several high - ranking Clinton administration officials , including Jack Quinn , former White House counsel .
Mr. Murdoch ’s association with the Clintons is perhaps the best example of his ever - morphing relationships with the powerful , and theirs with him .
For years , the former president was a favorite target of The New York Post , which seemed to delight in referring to him as “ former horndog - in - chief . ”
In October 2002 , Mr. Clinton and Mr. Murdoch had a lunch meeting at Mr. Clinton ’s office in Harlem .
It was arranged by Mr. Ginsberg , who had worked in the White House counsel ’s office in the Clinton administration and is now the News Corporation ’s executive vice president for corporate affairs .
More recently , Mr. Murdoch donated $ 500,000 to the former president ’s Global Initiative and was one of its featured panelists at a 2005 event in New York .
In 2006 , The Post issued a surprising endorsement of Mrs. Clinton in her Senate re-election bid .
On June 5 and 6 of this year , Mr. Ginsberg and Peter A. Chernin , president and chief operating officer of the News Corporation , were hosts of back - to - back fund - raisers for Mrs. Clinton ’s presidential campaign , one in New York and one in Los Angeles .
The Nielsen Battle
In early 2004 , an alarm went off at the News Corporation headquarters .
Nielsen Media Research was preparing to switch to a more sophisticated technology to calculate ratings that television stations use to set advertising rates for local programming .
Results of a trial run showed sharp drops in ratings for shows carried on stations owned by the News Corporation , particularly those aimed at minority viewers .
With millions of dollars at stake , Mr. Murdoch sprang into action .
He hired the Glover Park Group , a consulting firm with deep ties to the Clinton administration , to run a grass - roots ground war .
Charging that the system was faulty and that it undercounted minorities , the firm started an extensive advertising campaign intended to delay the rollout of the new technology and staged protests around the country that drew such unlikely allies as the Rev. Al Sharpton .
Among the Democrats who wrote to Nielsen opposing the new system was Mrs. Clinton .
Mormon Space Doctrine - LDS - Kolob - Salamander Society
Mormon Space Doctrine
" Spaced out " or inspired ... you make the call .
Farewell to Eden : Coming to terms with Mormonism and science
by Duwayne Anderson Click image for details and reviews .
__________________________________
Celestial Sex -
How long to make a spirit baby
11/08/2014 - by EXON46 and others at Recovery from Mormonism
You must have " milk before meat " , my Son. - ConcernedCitizen
I thought god has a body of flesh and bone .
What is he having sex with to make spirit babies ?
Spirit women ?
Who are ghosts .
Who are dead people .
Which is necrophelia .
God must have a fleshy spirit bone ( r ) .
- ddt
Well if one celestial day is 1000 years , and a celestial pregnancy is forty celestial weeks :
40 * 7 * 1000 = 280000 earthly years for one celestial pregnancy .
Do n't worry though , they are spirits , your belly do n't need to grow .
It has always amused me to ponder what exactly keeps the spirit babies in the womb , supposedly they can float right through anything physical .
- brefots
Do you think the earth has a birth canal ?
You see Mormon doctrine tells us the earth also had a preexistence as a spiritual earth and will die and be resurrected .
Where do you think all those new worlds are going to come from ?
Planets beget planets .
The earth has parents .
ourhollowearth.com / TheLivingEarth
I love this site .
Basically , that 's what happens if you believe what Mormon prophets have taught .
Many things on that site are still believed by Mormons to this day :
" It is [ the author 's ] hope that someday , he may have the privilege of visiting his cousins of the Ten Tribes in the North Countries of the Hollow Earth !
The author 's own ancestry is of Israelitish origin , of the Tribe of Ephraim , and can be traced back to the Exile of the Ten Tribes from Palestine when they were carried captive into Assyria in 721 B.C. " - rt
30 minutes of cajoling , promises and lies 10 minutes to part the royal garments
1 minute foreplay
2 minutes celestial baloney pony
10 seconds " la petite mort "
3 months barfing
6 months craving , bloating , and bitching
18 hours of cursing wildly at the SOB who got you into this mess in the first place !
- Senoritalamanita
Two hours of begging is NOT considered foreplay .
- Chloe
How does one get a boner without blood ?
- popeyes
They have blood , sort of .
It is celestial fluid , changed in a twinkling after you die .
Celestial bodies procreating with earthly humans is documented in the Bible .
The results of these unions between " angels " and " the daughters of men " were called Nephilim .
Ergo and therefore , Jesus was a Nephilim .
Another interesting question would be how can a celestial body have intercourse and produce a spirit baby instead of a celestial - body ?
It contradicts Genesis , which states that like produces like .
But then the Bible also says that all things were created physically first ( like Adam ) and then the spirit is breathed into the body .
WHAT ?
BREATHED ?
The temple teaches us that Michael the Archangel was the spirit body that became Adam in the Garden of Eden .
Which contradicts the Bible , which says that there is no fooling around in heaven because angels have no bodies and do not marry .
WHich means that the Heavenly Mother that had sex with a celestial man to produce the spirit baby that was Michael has to have been an angel instead of a celestial glorified human being .
Except that Adam 's spirit was " Breathed " by Heavenly Father .
Therefore , spirit babies develop in the lungs of male celestial bodies instead of in uteri of females .
I have no more words .
- anagrammy
Spirit babies are farted out like gas .
Two farts equals two babies .
You guys are n't very smart .
- snuckafoodberry
Do you suppose Heavenly Father might have premature ejaculation ?
Is he too quick on the trigger ?
Go off half - cocked ?
- serena
It 's one thing to have a spirit baby one wife at a time , but think about the work that " god " has to do to impregnate all of his wives .
Here 's a calculation that I posted a while back :
It 's estimated that 106 billion of us have lived on earth to date .
So how long would it take to create that many spirit children ?
I donÕt know but let Õs assume it took 1 million years and then see the consequences of that assumption .
So , 106 billion spirit babies divided by 1 million years means 106 thousand babies per year .
Assuming God shoots real bullets and not blanks 100 % of the time , He would have to ejaculate 106 thousand times per year .
That Õs one every 5 seconds !
I guess that why heÕs God !
And I guess that is why He is slow to answer our prayers .
( As an aside , old Joe Smith is probably having a ball up there ! )
Furthermore , assuming each wife gets pregnant with one shot and has a spirit baby every 9 months , it would take 81,540 wives to have that many babies ( Brigham is smacking his lips ! ) .
Ok , that might not be too practical , so let Õs assume it took 10 million years to create the spirit bodies for all of earthÕs inhabitants to date .
That means that God had to ejaculate every 50 seconds and that there were 8,154 wives .
Or , assume 100 million years :
He had to ejaculate every 8.3 minutes and there were 815 wives .
You get the picture .
- rocketscientist
Do n't forget the phrase " worlds without number " .
No wonder HF does n't have enough time to answer anybody 's prayers .
- greenpotato
Their blood is replaced by finer stuff , whatever that stuff is supposed to be .
I always wondered how a being of flesh and bone could only have a spirit baby .
Why does n't it have flesh and bone too ?
You'd think that a god could only give birth to another god .
How can a perfect being give birth to something which is less than perfect ?
- Greyfort
Depends on how long it takes to get spirit wife drunk .
- Outcast
Oral sex in heaven creates spiritual babies .
Right after the wife talks , a spirit baby comes out of her mouth .
- 48erhater
Do God and Jesus fart ?
They have bodies right ?
09/18/2014 - by Elder Berry and others at Recovery from Mormonism
They are one in mind but two in bodies and digestive systems , yeah but verily they stinketh not .
- fakemoroni
______________________________________________
Imagine the beatific aroma of God flatulence .
The Holy Ghost would , of course , break silent but deadly wind .
Jesus would pass the sacrament gas .
- donbagley
______________________________________________
D&C 1:38
What I the Lord have farted , I have farted , and I excuse not myself ; and though the heavens and the earth pass away , my wind shall not pass away , but shall fill all , whether by mine own asshole or by the asshole of my servants , it is the same .
Show me the gas .
Have you listened to General Conference yet ?
- moose
______________________________________________
Whoever " Jesus " ( either a singular male , or as a collective of " rabbis " / Jewish " wise men " ) was the " person " we refer to as " he " had exactly the same digestive system ... and exactly the same CONTENTS in that digestive system .
As well as exactly the same amount of flatulence , which smelled exactly the same , as any other Jewish man of that part of the Middle East in that time .
And this is , of course , ditto for the ultimate products ( both solid and liquid ) of that part of the world 's typical male digestive system .
( " God , " in Jewish thought , was NEVER a human being ... so none of the above applies to whoever the entity known as " God " might have been at that time and in that place . )
P.S. It is a three - day " weekend " around here ( today / tomorrow / Thursday ) , so my posting is likely to be erratic .
Thursday is , in addition , a birthday here which means an annual restaurant meal of jambalaya for the birthday honoree so if it happens that I do n't get back to this for awhile , now you know why .
- tevai
______________________________________________
I think it works like this .
They fart , but before the fart escapes their celstial asshole , it is transformed or quickened into its celestial glory , which means it turns into a new spirit baby to be born to TBM's .
( True Believing Mormons )
Maybe that 's why LDS churches smell so foul ?
- Jonny the Smoke
______________________________________________
Oh , I see .
They fart intelligences .
byu.edu/index.php/Intelligences
" The word " intelligences " ( plural ) occurs frequently in LDS literature , having reference to the period of the premortal existence of mankind .
The term has received two interpretations by writers within the Church : as the literal spirit children of Heavenly Parents and as individual entities existing prior to their spirit birth .
Because latter - day revelation has not clarified the meaning of the term , a more precise interpretation is not possible at present . "
Intelligences are preexistent God -gas which after The Atonement now have double the production power thanks to the digestive tract of Jesus .
- Elder Berry -
______________________________________________
I am happy to state that the resounding answer is " yes " ; absolutely .
The scriptures do n't necessarily come out and say it , but with the enlightening and decerning power of the spirt , even the Holiest of Ghostus 's , one will understand and know for himself that God and his son do indeed fart .
For example :
D&C 8:2-3 - " Yea , behold , I will tell you in your mind and by my farts which shall come upon you and which shall dwell in your nostrils .
Now , behold , this is the stench of my farts ; behold , this is the force by which Moses brought the children of Israel through the Red Sea on dry ground ..
I the Lord farted , and it divided the waters . "
D&C 18:10 , 15 - 16 - " Remember the worth of my farts is great in the sight of God ; " And if it so be that you should labor all your days in crying because of my farts , and heave , save it be one time , how great shall be your joy with him in the kingdom of my farts !
There you have it ... careful reading by the power of the spirit hath confirmed .
Good question OP . - Hugh
______________________________________________
Gas came to pass .
In case you were wondering what the " It " was in Joe Smith 's favorite phrase .
- jerry64
______________________________________________
And it came to gas ?
- Elder Berry
FIRST " real " TOKEN OF THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD
Represents the gas in Jesus ' bowels when he was crucified .
The sign is made by bringing the left foot in front of you with the leg in a bent shape , the left foot forming a stance ; the right foot is also brought forward and the palms of the hands placed down extended on the bum one on each cheek .
The penalty was represented by drawing the bum quickly open , farting and dropping the hands to the sides .
The oath is similar to the previous oaths .
The name of this token is " the Sun " , meaning the Sun of Gas from which all of us came to be .
home.teleport.com/~packham/temples.htm
- Elder Berry
______________________________________________
It 's called thunder .
- Mr Happy
______________________________________________
Reminds me of Bob Seger lyrics :
And we waited on the thunder .
Waited on the thunder .
I awoke last night to the sound of thunder .
- tevai
______________________________________________
" How fart off , I sat and wondered . " - donbagley
______________________________________________
" There is a Green Hill Fart Away ! " - beyondashadow
______________________________________________
God farts .
Try 's to keep it sacred not secret .
- anonyyy
______________________________________________
I love to see the temple .
I 'll fart inside some day .
I 'll smell The Holy Spirit .
The sign of the digestive system of God is a brown line along the bottom of the garment bottom of the Holy Priesthood .
- Elder Berry
______________________________________________
They shit , but they only shit marbles .
- cludgie
______________________________________________
Which then become worlds for their children to rule over .
Horton hears a . - Elder Berry
______________________________________________
They fart rainbows , of course .
- rationalist01
______________________________________________
God does not fart or shlt .
His body being perfect digests all food perfectly .
If gos was to shlt , it would be a perfect turd .
A perfect turd looks a lot like a Monson Pie with a nose .
- themaster
______________________________________________
And ears that wiggled and jiggled .
- Elder Berry
______________________________________________
God is pretty old .
His prostate must be huge .
- Heresy
______________________________________________
I 'm not sure we teach that but the Journal of Discourses has quite a lot to say about this topic .
- nonsequiter
______________________________________________
God farts a toxic cloud known as High Priest Death Gas
When I was a faithful Aaronic Priestood jerkoff , one fine Sunday I happened to walk into the High Priests Quorum classroom just as the door opened at the end of their priesthood class lesson .
I innocently walked inside , and when I drew a breath I nearly fell over from the dizzying olfactory assault of toxic , noxious , hyper - polluted , fermented , caustic gas I was inhaling .
I stopped breathing immediately and turned around and left the room as fast as possible to get to some breathable air .
Apparently the room had no ventilation and had filled up with the collective exhale and garment crack emissions of a couple dozen nearly dead old High Priest farts sporting lifetime accumulations of toxic pollutants embedded in their alveoli and impacted intestinal deposits starting 50 - 100 years ago .
My exmo siblings and I refer to this toxic gas as HPDG High Priest Death Gas .
Not sure if God 's Pharts are HPDG , but if High Priests are anywhere next to Godliness , could be possible .
- beyondashadow
______________________________________________
EPA levels sanctions against LDS Church for HPDG emissions
So when is the EPA ( Eternal Protection Agency ) going to sanction the LDS Church for exceeding their HPDG emission limits ?
Just the hot air expelled during General Conference raises global warming by ten degrees but adding all that HPDG throughout the year has reached genocidal proportions .
The end is sight !
- cricket
______________________________________________
Oh , butt they will and help you smell The Spirit of God like a fire burning in their bosom .
- Elder Berry
______________________________________________
Of course God and Jesus fart .
How else will we spend the eternities sharing fart jokes ?
- The Invisible Green Potato
______________________________________________
The worst is riding with both God and Jesus in a hot car with no a /c after eating Mexican .
They both snickered after locking the rear windows .
Funny guys .
- orange
______________________________________________
Yeah , but that is nothing compared to the Big Elohim giving Heavenly Mother the " dutch oven " treatment .
-- Mr. Happy
______________________________________________
That sounds somewhat disrespectful , Mr. Happy .
Does your Mother know you posted that ?
Your Heavenly Mother surely does , and do n't call her Shirley .
- beyondashadow
______________________________________________
Oh My Farter - Special Hymn to Honor High Priests Everywhere
O my Farter , thou that smellest
In that putrid and poisonous place ;
When shall I regain thy essence ,
And again inhale thy mace ?
In thy holy fermentation
Did my whiffer once inhale ?
In my first primeval childhood
Was I tortured near thy tail ?
For a wise and glorious purpose
Thou hast plac'd me in Mormondum ,
And withheld the recollection
Of my former caustic conundrum :
Yet oft times a secret something
Whiffed that I 'm in danger here ;
And I smelt that I had wandered
From a more foul smelling sphere .
I had learn'd to call thee farter
Through gas clouds from on high ;
But until the scent of pungency
Was restor'd , I knew not why .
In the heavens is flatulence apparent ?
Yes , the sound makes reason blare ;
Truth is reason - truth infernal
Tells me I nearly smothered there .
______________________________________________
Nearer thy gas to me , nearer to me .
Let the smell of my bowels ascend to heaven , oh Lord of the gas of Kolob ! - Elder Berry
Heavenly Mother - Mormon Sky Mommy
04/05/2010 - by
Her children at Recovery from Mormonism
In our ward just a few months ago - by CA girl
In our ward just a few months ago when I was still attending regularly , a woman got up and talked about Heavenly Father , referenced Heavenly Mother and said " Your Heavenly Mother might not be the same as my Heavenly Mother but I know that she loves us and we are her children . "
I thought the bishop was going to crawl under his chair from the look on his face .
Raised questions about Heavenly Mother and God being a polygamist in one simple statement - excellent !
Mormon Sky Mommy - by Eliza R Snitch
I remember exactly two discussions about Heavenly Mother from my 20 years in Mormonism ( aside from the normal talk about how my spirit was born ) , both of which were short and ended with an adult in charge telling us that WE WERE NOT ALLOWED TO TALK ABOUT HER .
I was immensely disappointed to find that both Jesus and God were supposedly polygamists .
I do not believe in a Sky Mommy , so there 's no need to disabuse me of that notion .
The hymn O My Father - by nonamekid
lyrics by Eliza R. Snow contains the following :
" In the heavens are parents single ?
No , the thought makes reason stare !
Truth is reason , truth eternal
Tells me I 've a mother there "
I wrote a song too ( to the tune of " A Child 's Prayer " - by wego
Heavenly mother
are you really there ?
When I asked bout you
they said " do n't you dare "
some say that you are
too heavenly for words
but now I finally know
that is absurd
The size of God - OR - Why I think a ' Father ' God does n't exist .
11/13/2009 - by Frontal Lobotomy from Recovery from Mormonism
It 's just the matter of a magnitude relationship .
God created the universe .
ergo ,
God is greater than the universe .
The universe is somewhere around 156,000,000,000 ( 1.5 x 10 ^11 ) light years across .
a light year is somewhere around 9,460,730,472,580,800 meters ( 9.5 x 10^15 )
Size of universe : 1.4 x 10 ^27 meters .
I 'm 2 m tall .
Now , the smallest subatomic particle is a quark , but when you get into quantam mechanics and such , size does n't really exist and it's more about waves and probabilites , etc .
So , we 'll use the proton , as it has an " accepted " size of around 10 ^ - 15 meters .
( The half - way point between smallest particle and the universe is around the size of the earth itself ( 6x10^6 m ) .
so , proton : earth : : earth: universe
or another way :
Imagine that a particle existed that was a TRILLION TIMES SMALLER than a proton ( ie , 10 ^ - 27 m ) .
We 'll call it the ittybittyon .
ittybittyon:me::me:universe ( Remember , God > universe )
Now , I want you to go have a personal relationship with that ittybittyon .
Care for it , protect it , make sure it follows the rules , listen for it 's supplications , call it by name , know it individually and seperately from all the other ittybittyons .
Promise it great rewards if it follows the rules and threaten it with harsh punishment if it does n't .
Ca n't control your ittybittyon ?
How about your protons ?
No ?
Surely you know your red - blood cells by name ?
They 're pretty big ( 4x10 ^ - 5 m ) .
And the rest of the cells .
You know their names , right ?
There are only 50 trillion or so .
Hmm , that is quite a few phonebooks worth , I suppose .
So , to me , IF ( giant , 10 ^ 26 m size IF ) a creater of the universe exists , our insignificance is SO FREAKIN ' HUGE , it is the definition of egotistical to assume we are of any interest to him / her / it whatsoever .
A mormon loving father in heaven ?
Let me get my straight - jacket .
atheistically yours ,
FL
P.S. Of course I have almost certainly grossly under represented god's power since he concerns himself with even the smallest particles and does n't stop at our human " quasi midpoint " level .
The god / particle relationship is 1:10 ^42 ie , 1:100000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Quantum Mormonics
10/26/2009 - by cricket and others from Recovery from Mormonism
Quantum Mormonics : 1 . A fundamental Mormon theory of doctrine and policy that explains facts that previous prophets were unable to account for , in particular the fact that doctrine is obfuscated and press - released in small , indiscrete quantities ( quanta ) , and that all Mormon matters display both ravelike and Article of Faithlike properties , especially when viewed at Adamic and sub -Adamic scales .
Quantum Mormonics suggests that the behavior of members and investigators is inherently gullablistic and that the effect of the Morganization on the mystical system being observed must be understood as a part of that closed system .
Also called quantum patriarchics and quantum theocracy .
2. Often confused with Quorum Mechanics :
The political dynamics of the Quorum of the Twelve and First Presidency which leads to chaos in offical doctrine and policy because no one is actually in charge and that a certain doctrine means one thing and simultaneously another thing .
Quantum Melchezidicks - by Don Bagley
Quantum Melchezidicks form a branch of Mormonics as well as free particles known as pisons and mesons , Freemesons being the most mysterious of these .
For the mesons possess a quality known as left - handedness .
How could it be that if up and down and left and right are in flux , one could identify left - handednes ?
Consider a vertical structure as deacom , teachom and priestom .
This is a polarity with leftness and rightness ( righteousness ? ) .
None can predict that the particle of Eldron can be captured in the eldritch quorum .
But there it remains , for the High Priestom is attainable only by far greater power expenditure .
A quorum , by the way , is created by synchronicity , and no other means .
A quantum is a bit , which is to say a place - holding particle .
If , and this is not likely , you discover that by quantum or particle , you can influence a quorum , you will find a breakaway theory , and you will be given power and authority to claim young , unwed girls as your own .
At this point , you become prophet .
Mormon Theolicy - by Shamdango
Mormon Theolicy : 1 ) The science of LDS doctrine and policy and their interactions .
2 ) The theological properties , phenomena , and laws of LDS doctrine and policy ; " He studied the theolicy of Mormonism . "
3 ) The study and commentary on the existence and attributes of Mormon theology , and of how that theology behaves and defines itself : as doctrine ( definitive LDS theology ) , or policy ( definitive LDS WTF's ) .
See also ' when God speaks as a man . '
Mormon Theolicist : A General Authority trained in LDS theolicy .
Persons able to make authoritative statements and rescind them arbitrarily in matters of official LDS theolicy .
( Not to be confused with wannabe theolicists ; see ' Mormon apologicians ' )
Mormon Apologicians : 1 ) Wannabe LDS theolicists .
Persons who can make no official statements regarding LDS theolicy , but try to convince others that they can .
2 ) Persons whose explanation of Mormon theolicy seems to magically fix legitimate doubts of those unfamiliar with LDS theolicy ; " That apologician made my doubts about Mormonism disappear ! "
3 ) Persons trained in deceiving an audience into thinking that their magic really works , despite factual evidence to the contrary ; " An Mormon Apologician explained to me how a peepstone can be placed into a hat , and a Book of Mormon can magically be pulled out of that same hat .
Amazing ! "
Quantum Mormonics : 1 ) explains the behavior of LDS doctrine and policy on the minute scale of subatomic theolicy .
The study reveals how doctrine can have policy - like properties and policy can have doctrine - like properties .
2 ) The theory that LDS doctrine does not have a continuous range of authority , but is , instead , absorbed or radiated discontinuously , in multiples of definite , indivisible units called policy .
See also ' soymilk before hamburger . '
Quantum theolicy :
- Introduced by Hinckley ( 1997 ) as an improvement upon classical Brighonian Mormonics .
An important principle is that some older subatomic theolicies assume an authoritative value of " I do n't know that we teach it .
I do n't know that we emphasize it .
. .
I do n't know a lot about it and I do n't know that others know a lot about it . "
What about Packer 's uncertainty principle - by rt
Which holds that it is impossible to determine a member 's behaviour and beliefs simultaneously , which requires the conductor of any quantum mormonics experiment to focus on one or the other ( usually behaviour , as this is more easy to control ) ?
Not to be confused with The Principle , which holds that one man can simultaneously have multiple wives , either in this reality ( in case of divorce from , or death of one or more female antibodies ) or in a parallel reality ( reached through kolob condensation ) .
Even more important is the Packer Exclusion Principle - by D.P. Gumby
Which states that information which is true cannot exist in the same time and place as information which is useful in defending Mormonism .
The " Unified Field Theory " of this stuff - by SL Cabbie
We want to call it " Quantified Quorum Mormonmoronics . "
It 's a little slow because he 's engaged Professor Irwin Corey as a consultant , and the old guy takes a lot of naps at his age . . .
Some initial parameters from the field ( the mission field that is ) :
As the length of time away from home increases , the probabilty that a missionary will masturbate increases hyperbolically while the chance that he will confess remains constant . . .
Also , as the length of mission experience grows , the probability that the letter - writing girl next door will marry someone else increases in direct proportion
Professor Corey just called with some " Law of Relativity " synthesis .
The probability of a " quall to the Quorum " increases quantumly and quantitatively the quoser the relationship to Quorum of the Ruling 12 . . .
The Mormons are even using DNA research on this one . . .
And the unified field implications on this are supported by research that shows consistent DNA overlaps between MP's and Q12 derivatives . . .
QUACK !!
Quorum Leap - by Elder Berry Quorum Leap -
When the median age shifts much in The Quorum of The Twelve nt
Quorum Elderdynamics - ( QED ) - is the relativistic quorum field theory of elderdynamics .
QED was developed by a number of Mormon religionists , beginning in the late 1820s .
It basically describes how Mormons and their leaders interact .
More specifically it deals with the interactions between leading elders , lesser elder positions and Mormon peons .
QED mathematically describes all phenomena involving spiritually charged Mormon peoples interacting by means of exchange of The Priesthood Keys .
Inferior Subset - by Don Bagley
Of course you understand that quorom elderdynamics are an inferior subset of high priestcraft quantams , and as such , remain in the remainder .
According to the uncertainty principle ( not the many wives principle ) , the elder is fifty percent alive and fifty percent saved .
Salvation is asssured only for the high priestcraft quantam .
In the solemn subatomic assembly , all are salvationized , as it were .
You have forgotten The Second Anotation Vector or The Kolobmological Constant - by Elder Berry
It makes salvation assured no matter the uncertainty of The Principle ( Celestial Marriage . )
This means that more than just the high priestcraft quantam can know that they are saved .
Pair Production - by Bob T
Pair production refers to the creation of an eldermentary missionary and its antimissionary ( or another neutral bozon ) from an MTC interaction .
This is allowed , provided there is enough worthiness available to create the pair – at least the total rest mass energy of the two particles – and that the situation allows both energy and momentum to be conserved .
All other conserved quantum numbers ( angular momentum , electric charge ) of the produced particles must sum to zero — thus the created particles shall have opposite values of each ( for instance , if one particle has strangeness + 1 then another one must have strangeness - 1 ) .
Indeterminacy - by Holy the Ghost
If you can clearly define a doctrine , then you can't know it 's truthfulness .
If you can know it 's truthfulness , then it can't be clearly defined .
If God has a body of flesh and bones as tangible as man's , what color are God 's feces ?
01/19/2009 - by Blashoodaloom
This is a reasonable question .
If a being has a gastrointestinal tract with a mouth and anus , God must eat some kind of food , with the post - processing material being expelled eventually thru his heavenly anus .
What color is are God 's feces ?
Where are Bruce R. McKonkie and Huge Nibley when you need them ?
Resurected bodies do n't need food .
- Deconstructor
As one of my LDS Institute teachers explained , resurrected bodies do not need food .
I believe it was the Prophet Joseph F. Smith that explained this doctrine .
He taught that in the Garden of Eden Adam and Eve had perfect blood in their bodies .
This perfect blood provided all the nutrients their bodies needed , so they did not need to eat .
When they ate the fruit from the Tree of Knowledge , they corrupted their blood which made their bodies need food .
When we are resurrected , we will have bodies like God again , which are perfectly fit , do not have navels or need food .
If they are shaped like us - Thinking Aloud
I mean , you are well versed in LDS doctrine / theology , but , if you think about it , heavenly , resurrected bodies still look like ours .
What inside of them then ?
If they are shaped like us , there 's a brain in the head , lungs in the chest , organs in the torso , muscles in the legs , a tushie for sitting on .
What good is any of that if you have no need to work or eat or provide for yourself ?
Does it make any sense , in other words , for a " perfect " immortal body to look anything like a practical , temporal one ?
Why fashion it after one either if a person is going to be immortal much longer than they were ever mortal ?
I just was wondering what you thought of that .
It just makes no sense to me .
Here is a list with more things like this - Deconstructor
Somehow the silly conjectures of an LDS Institute teacher and 18th - century Mormon Prophet satisfy the true - believing mind .
The concept of a resurrected body and how it works and what it eats does n't make a whole lot of sense when you really start to think about it .
I can only tell you what I heard over the year in the church .
There is little written on the subject and church members wont stand by any of it as " doctrine " despite much of it coming from the church 's ordained , inspired priesthood leaders as gospel teaching .
I was always taught that resurrected bodies did not eat .
Celestialized bodies were better than resurrected bodies in that they could procreate ( have sex ) .
The non-celestial resurrected bodies would not have genitals , but would last forever without the need for food .
Again , there is little on this in official church publications .
The prophet who said the most on this was Joseph Fielding Smith , who wrote several doctrinal books trying to make sense in literal terms , the teachings of the church .
The only other thing I can add is that top church leaders taught that resurrection was actually a priesthood ordinance .
Right now , only Jesus has the keys to this power , so it cannot be performed by anyone in the church today .
But when Christ comes back , he will bestow the keys of resurrection to the priesthood on earth , so worthy men will be able to resurrect their own families from the grave .
I knew more than one Institute teacher who had heard this from apostles and believed it .
I would love to have references on these deeper ( and bizarre ) teachings .
Here 's a list of ones I have found and some I 'm still looking for :
www.i4m.com/think/lists/mormon_science.htm
So are spirits and gods bloodless ?
- Otremer
Resurrected bodies do not have blood but instead rely on the spirit to stay alive .
The Prophet Joseph Fielding Smith taught : " Our Father in heaven and our Savior and all those who have passed through the resurrection have physical bodies of flesh and bones , but their bodies are quickened by spirit and not by blood , hence they are spiritual bodies and not blood bodies .
The immortal body is quickened by spirit , but the mortal body is quickened by blood ... .
Now when Adam was in the Garden of Eden , he was not subject to death .
There was no blood in his body and he could have remained there forever .
This is true of all other creations . "
( Joseph Fielding Smith , Doctrines of Salvation , vol. 1 , pp. 76-77 ) .
If spirits , the resurrected and gods are bloodless , how do they maintain erections with which to produce spirit children ?
Are spirit bodies naturally erect all the time ?
Obviously resurrected goddesses can get pregnant without blood in themselves or their gods , so did Adam and Eve procreate before being given blood bodies ?
Same story but one small change .
- Shamdango
A GA and I once discussed this very Mormon / unimportant but fascinating principle .
It went similar to how Deconstructor tells it , with one small change .
According to the GA , resurrected bodies can and do eat food .
It was the TYPE of food that helped usher in the fall .
Because Adam and Eve were accustomed to eating CELESTIAL food , the introduction of MORTAL food into their picture - perfect digestive tracts sealed the deal .
Once the MORTAL food was digested by their bodies , it began the slow and annoying process that leads to aging and death .
While I was a TBM , I thought it interesting that according to the science of the times , experts were n't exactly sure why we age and die when , technically , we should n't - according to the experts who knew .
( Any experts know ? )
The GA is dead now and the current manuals are still very silent about the whole thing .
It was part of a fascinating conversation in what seems to be a completely different life and time for me .
The angels eat manna .
Manna is white .
- anon
Therefore , angel poo is white .
If God eats manna too , then there 's your answer .
Good answer !
- Blashoodaloom
So what do they do with all the white angel poo ?
And if resurrected bodies have no belly buttons , do they have assholes ?
What if some of the Gods are gay ?
Would they have assholes in that case ?
There 's more to this question - Sally
So God has a mouth and cannot take part in the simple pleasure of eating a delicious meal ?
HOWEVER , are n't we going to be procreating with that same incorruptible , Garden of Eden body ?
So the women are going to be popping out babies for eternity without benefit of bodily fluids ?
And they will be getting pregnant by sex without sperm ?
Or wo n't they have to do the nasty ?
Will your eternal spouse get you pregnant by just thinking about you ?
I 'd be pretty ticked about that one ! !
God sounds like a guy who knows how to take the joy out of just about everything .
And for eternity no less ......
Jesus ate bread after Ressurection .
- ForgotMyNewName
I like the idea of white angel poop though lol .
Adam and Eve ate - AxelDC
Adam and Eve ate before they were kicked out of the Garden of Eden .
They could eat from any fruit of any tree but the Tree of Knowledge of Good & Evil .
We do n't know how long they lived there , but we do know they lived there long enough that eating was pretty common .
According to Mormonism , they were immortal before being cast out , because once they ate of the Forbidden Fruit , then they would surely die .
Therefore , with all that fruit being eaten , they must have had a pretty fiber - rich diet .
They had to expel it somewhere and somehow .
Posing the possibility that God could be gay affirms gayness .
- Blashoodaloom
Those with some measure of spiritual education contemplate that man 's imagination of an anthropomorphic ( human - like ) deity originates with a lower consciousness perspective of reality - much like children believing in Santa Claus who rewards " good " kids and delivers coal lumps to " bad " kids .
The idea that God has gender and copulates to create new mini- me - gods is just as infantile .
That God has a sexual preference falls into the same kindergarten spiritual education promulgated by the only troo church .
Humans of normal capabilities do n't come close to even having the capacity to begin to start to understand who and / or what God is .
Those who claim to know something about God are almost always buffoons unwittingly embarrassing themselves by exposing their gross ignorance .
Having said that , there are a few individuals of advanced consciousness on Planet Earth who do indeed know something about spiritual realities , including what God is .
( Hint : I doubt that any of these advanced spiritual teachers live in Utah . )
White angel poo is extremely useful as ... - Nonnie
packing peanuts !
A friend of mine refers to those white , flyaway , static -y nuisances as " angel shit . "
Now that is terminology I can get behind !
- flattopSF
Surely Elohim does not wipe his own butt .
I wonder who does that ?
- mootman
LDS Apostle Mark E Peterson maybe can help ?
- Zeezrom
I personally do not agree with LDS Apostle Mark E Peterson , but I do wonder why he thought Blacks were going to be servants of the WHITE Mormon Gods like himself in the Mormon CK .
Race Problems -- As They Affect The Church
LDS Apostle Mark E. Petersen , address given at the Convention of Teachers of Religion on the College Level , delivered at Brigham Young University , Provo , Utah , August 27 , 1954 .
“ IN SPITE OF ALL HE DID IN THE PRE - EXISTENT LIFE , the Lord is willing , if the Negro accepts the gospel with real , sincere faith , and is really converted , to give him the blessings of baptism and the gift of the Holy Ghost .
If that Negro is faithful all his days , he can and will enter the celestial kingdom .
He will go there AS A SERVANT , but he will get celestial glory . ”
One wonders what he thought servants were going to be needed for .
Just what the F did these MORMON GODMEN in the making think ?
Polygamous wives , Singles to be servants to them , Blacks to be servants to them .
Its ridiculous beyond belief .
If God was a Scientologist , it would be CLEAR ! - Skunk Puppet
Color Coded - Gay Philosopher
After researching the literature I 've found the answer to your question :
1 . Most often , dark brown ; and
2. Moss green after drinking Gatorade .
And people do n't think that philosophers are good for anything .
Heh !
Other poo colors when you eat - Blashoodaloom
3 . Red when you eat a few beets .
4 . Black if your stomach , intestines or colon are bleeding , or if you are Catholic and believe that the communion wine literally transforms into the actual blood of Jesus , then your stool will be black .
Blood produces black stool unless you have hemorrhoids and the blood does not get digested before exiting the system , in which case red is the color .
See what happens when charlatans preach revelations about stuff they know nothing about ?
Joseph Smith specialized in making up crazy stories he was fairly confident nobody could particularly disprove .
He did it over and over .
He was not smart enough to cover his tracks at times , as evidenced by the nine different versions of the First Vision that were carelessly left lying around .
Announcing to others that God and Jesus appeared to him and describing what they look like is a fairly safe bet as undisprovable tall tales go , since Joseph knew that God and Jesus had most likely never appeared to anyone anywhere anytime , so who could refute his story ?
If you think about it , Joseph 's main goal was to " smith " as many women as he could .
( My family has adopted the word " smith " to mean " have sexual intercourse with " .
" Smithed " means " f*cked " and " smithed up " means " f*cked up " .
" Smithbar " means smithed up beyond all recognition .
I digress .
Sorry . )
Joseph 's vision of heaven had him smithing praiseworthy women of good report without number , and you need a physical body to do that .
He needed for his God to be an extension of his own hopes and dreams of eternal promiscuity .
Where are McKonkie and Nibley when you need them ?
- Irene
Add Monson and Packer , too .
I mean , they 're all made of shit , so they ought to be experts on the subject of shit .
I 'm gunna get " Smith - ed " for this one .
Kolob vs Uranus - fragrance of heavenly methane - cricket
I know beyond a shado of a doubt that celestial flatulance will smell of rose petals .
Also wondering if Elohim or Eloher ever suffer constipation and if so what is their remedy ?
White and delightsome .
- Primus
Why other planets in our solar system ?
01/19/2009 - 3DGuy
If god and jebus fly around the cosmos making planets for us to live on , why make so many others right here in our system that can't be used ?
Seems like I remember something about , " we shall go down for there is matter unorganized " or something like that .
Ok , sometime go out near a mountain range and just take a few minutes to understand the scope of what it would take to create the area that you can see .
Now , think about the state you are in , the country , the continent , etc ...
Now imagine foreman jebus telling the crew when they finally finished the planet , " great work all , now let 's get to work on Jupiter . "
So why all the other planets ?
We talk about how men create God in their own image - Heresy
Giving
Him their own prejudices , likes and dislikes , and prioritizing the doctrine according to the issues of their time .
Then they are left defending that centuries later .
JS created a religious book given the known history of the Americas in his day - and now Mormons are stuck looking for non existent artifacts .
Men also create
Gods that are mired in the science of the day .
Unfortunately , science marches on and then their religion is left behind with some sticky problems .
Here is an excerpt from a great post by DrW on Post Mormon .
He explains why Mormons have a worse science problem than other religions :
Five Mormon beliefs :
· According to Mormon belief , Kolob is either the planet on which God lives , or the star nearest to the planet Oliblish on which God lives .
( If you can figure out for sure which is correct , please let me know . )
· God the Father is a glorified being of flesh and blood .
" Thus , I , Abraham talked with the Lord , face to face , as one man talketh with another ; and he told me of the works which his hands had made " ( Abr. 3:11 )
· God works only through natural laws : --- whatever it may be that is done by the power of God is in accordance with natural law .
" J.F. Smith
· All spirit is matter .
" All spirit is matter , but it is more fine or pure , and can only be discerned by purer eyes ;
We can not see it ; but when our bodies are purified we shall see that it is all matter " ( D& C 131:78 ) .
· For Joseph [ Smith ] that which has no physical existence has no existence at all .
( WJS , 60 ) .
One astronomical fact :
· The closest star to our solar system is at 4.2 light years away .
No star , including Kolob , is closer .
One natural law :
· Neither matter nor information can travel faster than the speed of light .
The logically fatal problem with " Kolob Cosmology " :
* - If God accomplishes his work in accordance with natural law , as the Mormon prophets assure us that he does , then his speed of travel is limited to the speed of light .
Nothing moves faster than the speed of light , not even information .
* - Kolob must be at least 4.2 light years away from earth .
Therefore , a round trip from Kolob to Earth and back would require at least 8.4 years .
* - Prayers are comprised of information ( we tell God our problems and wait for answers ) .
Information cannot travel faster than light .
Therefore , the process of sending , receiving , and answering prayers from Earth to Kolob and back is , you guessed it , 8.4 years .
Anyone on Earth who thinks that they receive answers to prayers from God on Kolob in less than 8.4 years is certainly mistaken .
* - There was not enough time for the Angel Moroni to return to Kolob between his various visitations with Joseph Smith between 1823 and 1829 .
( Perhaps Moroni just hung out here on Earth and waited for Joseph to finish with the plates .
If so , the fact that Joseph Smith just covered his face with his hat and did n't even look at the plates while translating them was no doubt was disturbing to Moroni . )
* - God the Father and Jesus Christ would have had to leave Kolob sometime in late 1815 ( Earth time ) in order to appear to Joseph Smith in 1820 .
In early 2003 , literally just a few weeks before the president would launch a war with Iraq , Bush met with TV preacher Pat Robertson to discuss the conflict .
The president reportedly told the televangelist that he believed there ’d be minimal casualties , and soon after , began the invasion .
With this background in mind , I was not at all encouraged to see that Bush is now discussing Iran with James Dobson .
“ I was invited to go to Washington DC to meet with President Bush in the White House along with 12 or 13 other leaders of the pro-family movement , ” Dobson disclosed on his radio program Monday .
“ And the topic of the discussion that day was Iraq , Iran and international terrorism .
And we were together for 90 minutes and it was very enlightening and in some ways disturbing too . ” [… ]
“ The world looked at Hitler and just did n’t believe him and tried to appease him the way we ’re hearing in Washington today , ” Dobson remarked .
“ You know , the President seems to me does understand this , as I told you from that meeting I had with him the other day , but even there it feels like somebody ought to be standing up and saying , ‘ We are being threatened and we are going to meet this with force — whatever ’s necessary . ’”
First , the fact that Bush is talking about a possible confrontation with Iran at all is discomforting , to put it mildly .
Second , I guess it ’s too much to ask , but how about some scrutiny on the White House over the fact that the president is meeting with a nut like Dobson in the first place ?
Software Detection of Currency
The content on this web page was last updated in 2004 , and is being maintained for archival purposes .
Recent printers , scanners and image manipulation software identify images of currency , will not process the image and display an error message linking to www.rulesforuse.org.
The detection algorithm is not disclosed , however it is possible to test sample images as to whether they are identified as currency .
This webpage shows an initial analysis of the algorithm ’s properties , based on results from the automated generation and testing of images .
Currently only a few raw results are presented .
You may also be interested in my IH04 talk on this subject given at the Information Hiding Workshop 2004 rump session .
There are more details on the detection mechanism in my 21C3 talk at the 21st Chaos Communication Congress .
Eurion Constellation
Initially it was thought that the “ Eurion constellation ” was used to identify banknotes in the newly deployed software based system , since this has been confirmed to be the technique used by colour photocopiers , and was both necessary and sufficient to prevent an item being duplicated using the photocopier tested .
However further investigation showed that the detection performed by software is different from the system used in colour photocopiers , and the Eurion constellation is neither necessary nor sufficent , and in fact it probably is not even a factor .
UK Pounds
This image , from the 10 Pound note contains all the Eurion instances that are known of , but is not detected as currency :
However this image , which has one extra column of pixels at the right is detected as currency :
Even if the constellations are blanked out :
US Dollars
Similar results can also be seen with the new US $ 20 , in which the “ 0 ” s of the yellow “ 20 ” s scattered in the background form Eurion constellations .
Both PSP and Photoshop identify this image ( from an Adobe Forum discussion ) as being currency and refuse to open it , despite there being no instance of the Eurion constellation :
Another interesting property of this image is that it seems to be a near minimal test case , since if any changes are made , then it is no longer detected as currency .
Even cropping away the black border will result in it opening in PSP and Photoshop CS without any warning :
It is believed that some printers use histograms to detect currency .
If this is the feature used by PSP / Photoshop then removing the black border could sufficiently change the histogram to circumvent the detection system .
However , this image , which is a tiled version of the first image , is not detected as currency , despite having the same histogram :
Detection Code
The detection code of both PSP and Photoshop CS appears to be the same , due to them having the same edge cases .
A static dissasembly reveals the string “ DMRC ” in symbols , the stock sticker code for Digimarc , a company specialising in watermarking .
Subsequent news articles have confirmed that Digimarc developed the currency - detection code , on behalf of the Central Bank Counterfeit Deterrence Group ( CBCDG ) , part of the G11 organisation ) .
According to Adobe and Jasc , adding the detection code is “ optional ” and that they do not get access to the source code or details of the algorithm .
It seems that the algorithm is optimised to err on the side of false negatives , and I have not been able to generate a false positive .
It has been reported that generating a false negative is easy , perhaps as simple as using images of two notes , side - by - side , rather than just one .
A statement from Adobe said that the version included in Photoshop CS was not the first one proposed by the CBCDG , and previous revisions were rejected on the basis of having an unnaceptable false positive rate .
Also , while dissasembly is difficult , it is likely to be comparatively easy to patch around the call to the detection code and bypass the detector .
Another observation is that unmodified banknotes images cause the error message to be displayed after a short time , also non -banknote images open quickly .
However the edge cases made from modified banknote images take a few extra seconds before either opening or displaying the error message .
This would suggest that there is a series of tests , each of which provides a score on how much the image looks like a banknote , with the later ones which take longer to execute and presumably being more accurate .
At each stage there could be is a upper and lower limit on the cumulative score , if the upper bound is reached the image is not opened and an error message displayed , if the lower bound is reached then the image is opened and no further tests are performed , otherwise the next test is executed .
Strongly Detected Regions
The image below shows the smallest square starting at each point on an English £ 20 note , which is still detected as currency .
The starting points are generated at 500 pixel intervals and the size of each crop is calculated to a precision of 5 pixels .
Starting points are marked by a green dot , end points by a red dot ; the colour of the square is of no significance .
Only the crops smaller than 700x700 have been drawn .
The resulting image has been converted from PPM to PNG and scaled down from 3524x1906 to 800x433 for presentation .
The images below are full size versions of three smallest crops .
Crop starting at ( 0 , 0 ) , size : 319x319 Crop starting at ( 0 , 1500 ) , size : 320x320 Crop starting at ( 3000 , 1000 ) , size : 362x362
Benchmarking
The tests below show the smallest distortion required to prevent a section of a banknote ( an English £ 20 ) from being detected as currency .
For each test , the image on the left is the original and the image on the right shows the least distorted image which is no longer detected as currency .
The attacks themselves were performed by Checkmark .
The caption shows the Checkmark function applied , along with the resulting value of the parameter which was varied .
Each image is unscaled but has been converted from PPM to PNG for presentation .
JPEG Compression
Original After JPEG Compression : CM_jpegcompression ( 13.0 )
Median Filtering
Original After Median Filtering : CM_medfilt ( 12.0 )
Midpoint Filtering
Original After Midpoint Filtering : CM_midpoint ( 10.0 )
Ratio Distortion ( 1 of 2 )
Original After Ratio Distortion : CM_ratio( 1.1 )
Ratio Distortion ( 2 of 2 )
Original After Ratio Distortion : CM_ratio( 0.9 )
Rotation
Original After Rotation : CM_rotation ( 10.9 )
Rotation + Scaling
Original After Rotation + Scaling : CM_rotationscale ( 12.7 )
Resampling
Original After Resampling : CM_sampledownup( 0.8 )
Scaling ( 1 of 2 )
Original After Scaling : CM_scale ( 0.8 )
Scaling ( 2 of 2 )
Original After Scaling : CM_scale ( 2.0 )
Shearing
Original After Shearing : CM_shearing ( 2.6 )
Trimmed Mean Filtering
Original After Trimmed Mean Filtering : CM_trimmedmean ( 12.0 )
Warping
Original After Warping : CM_warp ( 1.8 )
Wavelet Compression
Original After Wavelet Compression : CM_waveletcompression ( 0.5 )
Wiener Noise Removal
Fad :
The great room craze
The great Great - Room Craze of the 1980s was all about openness :
Why should the kitchen be so removed from the other living spaces ?
Indeed , why should there be any distinction between one public room living , dining , den and so on ) and another ?
Everyone should happily congregate in one free - flowing space .
Sadly , the result is usually a great big mess .
Think about it :
You know what you get when cooking , video - game playing , conversation and television viewing occur in the same space ?
Noise .
Lots of noise .
All these windows and doorways are on the ground level and ... also floating up on the second - story space , somehow reminiscent of a burned - out building .
Also , how do you light such a space without it looking like a lobby in a Marriott ?
Boiling in the summer ( all that glass ! ) and freezing in the winter ( all those high ceilings ! ) , giant rooms such as these are nearly impossible to heat and cool without spending some dough on an engineer - and you know that 's not cheap .
Musings of a Canadian liberal woman about the state of Canadian and US politics .
“ Everyone seems to have a pre-programmed “ set point ” for happiness — a level of happiness they ’re genetically programmed for , and to which they ’ll always tend to return .
There is n’t much that can be done to change this set point .
Genetics and inheritance seem to be responsible for as much as half your tendency towards happiness or unhappiness .
Even huge positive changes in a person ’s life — getting married , winning the lottery — only affect happiness levels for about six months .
The rich are certainly happier than the abject poor .
But for most people , more money does n’t tend to lead to much additional happiness , at least once basic material needs have been met .
Three of the hardest things to cope with emotionally are widowhood ( or widowerhood ) , longterm unemployment , and caring for a sick loved one .
The best way to deal with a case of severe , long - lasting unhappiness is to take a mood - boosting pill .
In many cases , a six - month course of treatment will effectively jolt the depressed person out of his or her rut .
Pursuing sex and status do n’t make people happy .
They ’re things that we , being human , do — but they do n’t necessarily lead to happiness .
[ TC :
What if they conducted these happiness surveys * during * the act ? ]
People who are forever chasing after happiness — who crave blasts of euphoria — tend to be much less happy than people who are willing to let life ( and their moods ) take their own course .
Some tips for being happy :
If your job is n’t especially rewarding , pursue a hobby you love , one that delivers experiences of “ flow . ”
Do n’t focus too much on making money and buying things .
Maintain a wide variety of friendships , and do n’t spend too much time alone .
Cultivate gratitude and forgiveness , including forgiveness towards yourself .
Do n’t try to feel great all the time — that ’s not the way life works . ”
My take :
The conventional ( academic ) wisdom underrates money , status , sex , and marriage .
[ Could it be that academics do not always get these goods , and thus hope to manage their expectations and feel better about their failures ? ]
As pure “ ends in themselves , ” they can be a mixed bag .
But if you can pursue them in a meaningful way , enjoy the process , and meet with relative success …well … you wo n’t forget Oscar Wilde :
“ The only thing worse than being famous is not being famous , ” etc .
Here is Michael ’s full post , replete with useful happiness links at the end .
Here is some earlier advice from MR guest - blogger Bryan Caplan , who recommends “ gratitude journals . ”
And here are some philosophical ruminations on happiness and utilitarianism , from Will Wilkinson .
