( CNN ) --
The two people who died and the 19 others who fell ill at a central Arizona resort after spending time in a sauna - like " sweatbox " were attending a program by self - help expert James Arthur Ray , authorities said Saturday .
Two people died and were 19 injured after spending up to two hours inside this " sweatbox " at an Arizona resort .
The dead were identified as James Shore of Milwaukee , Wisconsin , and Kirby Brown of Westtown , New York , Sheriff Lloyd Waugh told reporters .
They were among the 50 or so visitors at the Angel Valley Resort near Sedona attending Ray 's " Spiritual Warrior " program .
Nineteen others were treated for injuries sustained in the sweatbox , a dome - like structure covered with tarps and blankets .
Hot rocks and water are used to create steam in the enclosed environment .
Waugh said investigators are looking into evidence that " may turn this into a criminal prosecution . "
Investigators are looking into similar events held previously in other locations by Ray , who refused to speak with officers at the scene , Waugh said .
A follow - up interview is expected to happen .
Ray 's publicist , Howard Bragman , did not immediately return calls from CNN on Saturday .
Ray posted a noted late Friday on his Twitter page , saying : " I 'm shocked & saddened by the tragedy occurring in Sedona .
My deep heartfelt condolences to family & friends of those who lost their lives . "
On Saturday he posted another message , saying he 's " spending the weekend in prayer and meditation for all involved in this difficult time ; and I ask you to join me in doing the same . "
The self - help guru is widely known for his programs that claim to teach individuals to create wealth through all aspects of their lives -- financially , mentally , physically and spiritually .
Ray , whose company is based in Carlsbad , California , has appeared on a variety of national programs , including CNN's " Larry King Live . "
In that appearance , Ray was about to address 3,000 people in Phoenix , Arizona .
Asked what he thinks about critics of his teachings , Ray told King :
" Well , you know , it 's interesting , Larry , because any time a new idea comes to the fore , it goes through three phases .
It 's first ridiculed .
Then it 's violently opposed .
And then it 's finally accepted as self - evident , normally after the opposition dies . "
Angel Valley Resort advertises itself as " a place to relax and heal ... where powerful earth energies are present and active . "
It was founded in April 2002 by Michael and Amayra Hamilton , both of whom are teachers and counselors there .
The resort is on 70 secluded valley acres 20 minutes from Sedona , surrounded by thousands of acres of national forest , according to the Web site .
It has Internal Revenue Service nonprofit status as a religious organization , its Web site says .
" There are twenty marked vortexes and angel sites to experience connection with Earth and spirit , deep relaxation , and balancing , " an online brochure says .
" Angel Valley offers two labyrinths and an Angel Wheel for going inward , finding answers and getting insights . "
No information about the sweat lodge could be found on the Web site Saturday morning , and numerous internal links were not functioning .
The use of sweat lodges for spiritual and physical cleansing is a part of several Native American tribes ' cultures .
A traditional Native American sweat lodge is a small dome - like structure made up of willow branches carefully tied together and covered in canvas .
Rocks are heated in a nearby fire pit and placed inside the lodge , and water is poured over them to create steam .
" We are curious to find out what happened there , " Richard Moreno , a member of Pira Manso Pueblo tribe , told KPHO - TV .
" I 've been participating in the sweat lodge since the age of 3 and I 've never recalled being sick from being in the sweat lodge . "
Moreno told the station he has never been to a lodge that held more than 20 people .
All About Accidents and Disasters • Arizona
If you 're hiring , how do you find good developers ?
It 's a perennial problem , and no one seems to have a surefire solution .
Aptitude testing is one method that 's been gaining traction lately , albeit with a twist .
Forget simple coding quizzes ; these days , the kookier the question , the better .
Mind you , what employers hope to achieve is beyond me .
[ Find out why software developers are immune from the recession .
|
Weigh in on the best first language for a programmer and whether the " hacker ethic " helps or harms today 's developers . ]
Perhaps the best - known proponent of this technique is Google .
As if its notoriously stringent academic standards were n't enough , Google 's interminable interview process also involves a Byzantine entrance exam .
Here 's just one example of a typical Google interview question , according to SFGate.com :
Every man in a village of 100 married couples has cheated on his wife .
Every wife in the village instantly knows when a man other than her husband has cheated , but does not know when her own husband has .
The village has a law that does not allow for adultery .
Any wife who can prove that her husband is unfaithful must kill him that very day .
The women of the village would never disobey this law .
One day , the queen of the village visits and announces that at least one husband has been unfaithful .
What happens ?
All I can say is wow .
I doubt I 'd do well at this particular exam .
The problem is n't that the questions are difficult , though I suppose they are .
The problem is that they 're asinine .
Anyone can make up a perfect - world scenario : " A certain branch of government contains 435 representatives , all of them equally honest and wise .
No representative would ever vote for a bad bill , and every representative must vote for a good bill when it 's introduced in proceedings ... "
But there 's another problem with this type of question :
It seems to demonstrate less the applicant 's problem - solving ability than the employer 's own limited thinking .
Garbage in , garbage out
There 's a published , accepted solution to the village - husbands question .
According to it , a certain number of husbands are killed on the first day , then a few more the next day , and so on , depending on who has cheated on whom .
It 's all described in terms of the variable n and laid out as a neat little algorithm .
Here 's my solution : Nothing happens .
If every husband cheats and every wife knows when another woman 's husband cheats , then every wife is already aware of cheating in the village .
The queen has introduced no new data .
El ministro de la Suprema Corte de Justicia de la Nación ( SCJN ) José de Jesús Gudiño Pelayo admitió a trámite un juicio de acción de inconstitucionalidad que promovió la Comisión Nacional de Derechos Humanos ( CNDH )
[ email protected ]
El ministro de la Suprema Corte de Justicia de la Nación ( SCJN ) José de Jesús Gudiño Pelayo admitió a trámite un juicio de acción de inconstitucionalidad que promovió la Comisión Nacional de Derechos Humanos ( CNDH ) para proteger el secreto periodístico y evitar que los informadores puedan ser sancionados , por la vía civil , si se niegan a revelar sus “ fuentes de información ” .
Como una de sus últimas acciones , previo a su relevo del cargo , el presidente de la CNDH , José Luis Soberanes , impugnó las recientes reformas al Código de Procedimientos Civiles del DF — publicadas en la Gaceta Oficial del Distrito Federal el pasado 10 de septiembre — , por considerarlas violatorias de la Constitución al afectar el derecho de los periodistas a mantener en secreto sus fuentes de información .
En concreto , el ombudsman pidió a la Corte declarar inconstitucional el artículo 322 del citado código , que tiene por acusadas a todas aquellas personas que se nieguen a comparecer en una prueba confesional , que se nieguen a declarar , o cuando al hacerlo insistan en no responder afirmativa o negativamente a las preguntas .
De acuerdo con la CNDH , dicha medida no toma en cuenta el hecho de que ciertos individuos cuentan con una excusa que justifica su incumplimiento , como podría ser el caso de los abogados , los notarios , los ministros de culto y , en especial , los periodistas , “ por el impedimento que tienen de revelar sus fuentes , como consecuencia de la ética que exige el ejercicio de su profesión ” .
Porque , advierte , “ por virtud de la norma impugnada , un periodista que ha sido citado a declarar no tiene la libertad de reservar su fuente , siendo que aún negándose a revelarla se le tendrá por fictamente confeso ” .
Por este motivo Soberanes argumentó que “ la violación de los derechos de los periodistas no sólo acontece a la luz del derecho penal ; también se puede dar en el ámbito del derecho civil , como se evidenció en la recomendación 57/2009 , relacionada con el acoso judicial a la libertad de expresión , la cual es universal , por lo que el derecho de un periodista a mantener en secreto el origen de una información debe ser tutelado y protegido en todos los ámbitos de la administración de justicia ” .
Violentan tratados
En opinión de la CNDH , “ un caso de libertad de expresión o información afecta no sólo a las partes en juicio , sino también la libre circulación de las ideas , así como el acceso a la información por parte de la sociedad ” .
Soberanes considera que la reforma aprobada contraviene los artículos 1 , 6 y 7 de la Constitución , que contemplan los derechos a la igualdad y a la no discriminación , a la información y a la libertad de expresión , así como lo establecido en instrumentos como la Declaración Universal de los Derechos Humanos , la Declaración Americana de los Derechos y Deberes del Hombre , entre otros .
Archaeologists surveying the world 's oldest submerged town have found ceramics dating back to the Final Neolithic .
Their discovery suggests that Pavlopetri , off the southern Laconia coast of Greece , was occupied some 5,000 years ago -- at least 1,200 years earlier than originally thought .
These remarkable findings have been made public by the Greek government after the start of a five year collaborative project involving the Ephorate of Underwater Antiquities of the Hellenic Ministry of Culture and The University of Nottingham .
As a Mycenaean town the site offers potential new insights into the workings of Mycenaean society .
Pavlopetri has added importance as it was a maritime settlement from which the inhabitants coordinated local and long distance trade .
The Pavlopetri Underwater Archaeology Project aims to establish exactly when the site was occupied , what it was used for and through a systematic study of the geomorphology of the area , how the town became submerged .
This summer the team carried out a detailed digital underwater survey and study of the structural remains , which until this year were thought to belong to the Mycenaean period -- around 1600 to 1000 BC .
The survey surpassed all their expectations .
Their investigations revealed another 150 square metres of new buildings as well as ceramics that suggest the site was occupied throughout the Bronze Age -- from at least 2800 BC to 1100 BC .
The work is being carried out by a multidisciplinary team led by Mr Elias Spondylis , Ephorate of Underwater Antiquities of the Hellenic Ministry of Culture in Greece and Dr Jon Henderson , an underwater archaeologist from the Department of Archaeology at The University of Nottingham .
Dr Jon Henderson said : " This site is unique in that we have almost the complete town plan , the main streets and domestic buildings , courtyards , rock - cut tombs and what appear to be religious buildings , clearly visible on the seabed .
Equally as a harbour settlement , the study of the archaeological material we have recovered will be extremely important in terms of revealing how maritime trade was conducted and managed in the Bronze Age . "
Possibly one of the most important discoveries has been the identification of what could be a megaron -- a large rectangular great hall -- from the Early Bronze Age period .
They have also found over 150 metres of new buildings including what could be the first example of a pillar crypt ever discovered on the Greek mainland .
Two new stone built cist graves were also discovered alongside what appears to be a Middle Bronze Age pithos burial .
Mr Spondylis said : " It is a rare find and it is significant because as a submerged site it was never re-occupied and therefore represents a frozen moment of the past . "
The Archaeological Co-ordinator Dr Chrysanthi Gallou a postdoctoral research fellow at The University of Nottingham is an expert in Aegean Prehistory and the archaeology of Laconia .
Dr Gallou said : " The new ceramic finds form a complete and exceptional corpus of pottery covering all sub-phases from the Final Neolithic period ( mid 4th millennium BC ) to the end of the Late Bronze Age ( 1100 BC ) .
In addition , the interest from the local community in Laconia has been fantastic .
The investigation at Pavlopetri offers a great opportunity for them to be actively involved in the preservation and management of the site , and subsequently for the cultural and touristic development of the wider region . "
The team was joined by Dr Nicholas Flemming , a marine geo-archaeologist from the Institute of Oceanography at the University of Southampton , who discovered the site in 1967 and returned the following year with a team from Cambridge University to carry out the first ever survey of the submerged town .
Using just snorkels and tape measures they produced a detail plan of the prehistoric town which consisted of at least 15 separate buildings , courtyards , streets , two chamber tombs and at least 37 cist graves .
Despite the potential international importance of Pavlopetri no further work was carried out at the site until this year .
This year , through a British School of Archaeology in Athens permit , The Pavlopetri Underwater Archaeology Project began its five year study of the site with the aim of defining the history and development of Pavlopetri .
Four more fieldwork seasons are planned before their research is published in full in 2014 .
###
To see the expedition for yourself , watch the video podcast on YouTube -- http://www. youtube .
com / watch?v= kepaQu4uerg
And on the University 's Podcast website -- http://communications.
nottingham .
ac. uk / podcasts .
html
More information is available from Dr Jon Henderson on +44 ( 0)115 951 4842 , jon.henderson@nottingham.ac.uk ; or Media Relations Manager Lindsay Brooke in the University 's Communications Office on +44 ( 0)115 951 5751 , lindsay.brooke@nottingham.ac.uk
Rep. Kanjorski has proposed that federal regulators have the power to dismantle firms " too big to fail , " even if they ’re not financially at risk .
Breaking up ' too big to fail ' firms
Just when Wall Street thought it could n’t get worse for them on Capitol Hill – it did .
Rep. Paul Kanjorski ( D - Penn . ) , a senior member of the Financial Services Committee , has proposed the most explosive provision so far in the debate over financial reform , seeking to empower federal regulators to preemptively break up financial firms deemed " too big to fail . "
Advertisement
The powers Kanjorski is proposing are sweeping – he wants to hand the federal government a measuring stick to figure out which companies are a threat to the larger financial system , then give the feds the authority to break them up regardless of their financial health .
Kanjorski said during Tuesday ’s House Financial Services Committee hearing that his provision would make it “ so that nowhere in the world in the future will there be gigantic tsunamis coming out of nowhere and striking the entire world economy . ”
Kanjorski insisted in a later interview that he was n’t out to get the financial industry , even though one New York Democrat warned that such wide ranging authority would signal the “ death knell ” for financial markets .
There are 15 or 20 firms , Kanjorski said , particularly in the financial industry , that are “ so large that every body knows that we ca n’t allow them to fail . ”
He declined to name names .
Financial industry officials say Kanjorski ’s proposal would kill American jobs , send top financial companies fleeing for foreign shores and generally imperil the American economy .
Large multi-national corporations would bypass hobbled American banks for competitors in Hong Kong or Europe that are still big enough to provide the multi-billion - dollar lines of credit global firms require .
“ That type of bill is going to send a near - death knell through the financial markets , ” said Rep. Mike McMahon ( D - N.Y. ) , who ’s Staten Island district relies heavily on Wall Street and the broader financial industry .
“ It ’s akin to a doctor diagnosing a patient to be sick without even doing an examination and it clearly puts way too much power into the hands of the federal government . ”
But Kanjorski has piqued the interest of one ally on the other side of the Capitol — Alabama Republican Richard Shelby , who said he liked Kanjorski ’s idea , as far as he understood it .
Shelby said he supports regulators having the power to make financial firms “ stronger or smaller ” before they pose a threat to the economy .
The U.S. government has broken up its share of big comanies .
Teddy Roosevelt busted more than 40 trusts during his presidency and the Department of Justice forced " Ma Bell " to sell off the " Baby Bells . "
" It 's not a real new idea , " said Rep Brad Miller ( D - N.C. ) , a supporter of Kanjorski 's idea .
Kanjorski said he would unveil the actual legislative language in the next week or two , and industry lobbyists are n’t yet sure how far his proposal will actually go .
But the measure nonethless set off alarms across K Street , and officials rejected the notion that big is automatically bad in the financial industry .
Lehman Brothers – whose collapse helped spark the larger financial meltdown – was n’t that big , while JP Morgan is big but fairly prudent , as one lobbyist for a major financial interest pointed out .
“ Large , diversified financial institutions provide unique and very significant economic value , for several reasons .
Because of their size , diverse array of products and services and geographic reach , they are able to serve the needs of large globally active firms in a way that smaller , local banks simply can ’t , ” said Rob Nichols , president of the Financial Services Forum , a policy group made up of CEOs of the world ’s 18 biggest financial services firms , including Goldman Sachs , Citigroup and JPMorgan Chase .
What ’s more , industry argues , the underlying bill being debated in Financial Services – legislation that aims to end the need for taxpayer bailouts – already grants federal regulators broad powers essentially ending the existence of “ too big to fail ” firms .
The bill would give the Federal Reserve express authority to limit a financial institution ’s activities , increase its capital requirements and force it to divest itself of certain risky lines of business , said Ken Bentsen , executive vice president of public policy and advocacy for the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association .
“ That ’s a lot of authority to address those issues , and I think it ’s more nimble … than trying to set some arbitrary size limit , ” he said .
But Kanjorski clearly does n’t believe the underlying bill goes far enough .
He says the powers granted to the Fed are “ limited power … its not clearly defined .
We ’re going to be evident in the power . ”
The power he envisions is so sweeping , in fact , that he believes the president should have to sign off on any final decisions .
Kanjorski wants to set in stone a series of “ objective standards ” to measure financial institutions and determine if they need to be busted up .
He ’s looking at all kinds of measurements – not size but also complexity , he said .
Kanjorski is coordinating with the European Union , which should resolve competitiveness concerns since the two together account for 80 percent of the world ’s equities and bonds , he said .
House Financial Services Chairman Barney Frank ( D - Mass . ) said he supports Kanjorski ’s amendment – although Frank described the measure as the power to break firms up on a case - by - case basis , which sounds more limited than Kanjorski ’s vision .
Kanjorski said he ’s getting some good feedback .
“ Most people are coming up to me and saying we should have done this originally , why did n’t we ? ”
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
Updated with detail from the conference call : Verizon ( s vz ) and Google ( s Goog ) today said the carrier plans to launch Android handsets sometime in “ the next few weeks , ” and that the search giant will create Android - based devices preloaded with apps that will run on Verizon ’s network .
Straight off its snarky ad campaign attacking Apple ’s iPhone , it looks like Verizon will finally offer consumers the type of next - generation mobile phone operating system and experience that have been available on AT&T ( s T ) and T - Mobile for more than a year .
Meanwhile , Google gets a large carrier partner that can help it win over market share for Android .
Android By the Numbers 9 Android - powered devices with 32 carriers in 26 countries and 19 languages .
T - Mobile has the most Android phones .
Sprint , and Verizon Wireless are the new additions .
All major handset makers have plans for new Android - powered phones , including : HTC , Samsung , LG and Motorola .
Android Market has more than 10,000 free and paid apps .
Users download about 40 apps , on an average .
Android 1.1 featured Search by Voice .
Android 1.5 came with an on - screen soft keyboard , video recording and easy uploading to YouTube , and widgets and live folders on the home screen .
Android 1.6 , has a Quick Search Box to search apps , contacts , browser history , and the Web .
Source : Google
Verizon may be late to the party , have lame handsets and an expensive service , but I ’m super excited about the news because I can’t wait to see the type of functionality that Motorola ( s MOT ) is offering with the upcoming CLIQ phone and Blur service via T - Mobile over at Verizon ’s solid network .
However , there are a few questions I want addressed at a webcast due to start within the hour .
Verizon says the upcoming devices it will develop with Google will come pre-loaded with apps .
What about the Android Market , will Verizon bump that in favor of its own app store ?
How will Verizon and Google share revenue from app sales ?
Plus , will Verizon allow Google to brand the phones it sells like T - Mobile currently does ?
Also , how might this tie into the $ 1.3 billion in investment funds aimed at driving both devices and applications on Verizon ’s network ?
That ’s a lot of money , and spending that much on applications would be pretty difficult .
However if that ’s going toward device development , things may get interesting .
With Android , a device maker is n’t limited to phones .
So it ’s possible that the company that ’s brought out a revolutionary wired broadband product in FiOS is about to bring something just as game - changing to the wireless world in terms of a form factor and experience .
And if it helps
Google gain mobile device market share at the expense of Apple , that ’s probably worth teaming up with one of its carrier frenemies .
Update :
The press conference is over , so here are the tidbits you guys are waiting for .
Yes , Android ’s Market will come pre-loaded on Verizon phones , and Verizon will spend money marketing Android Apps and devices to its 85 million subscribers .
Two new Android phones are expected within the next few weeks , with more coming in 2010 .
For those following the travails of Google Voice on the iPhone , Verizon says that it plans to ship its first Android device with Google Voice .
Lowell McAdam , Verizon ’s president and CEO , said that none of this is a response to the FCC ’s net neutrality push but rather a smart business decision that was begun almost a year ago when Verizon execs met with Google to discuss Android .
Google ’s CEO Eric Schmidt was on hand to both praise the Verizon network and to say he was “ enormously surprised ” at the level of openness Verizon was willing to embrace with regard to bringing Android devices to its network .
The backhanded compliment aside , the two executives were cagey about how much money and emphasis Verizon will allocate to Android at the expense of other operating systems and handsets .
While the execs said the companies would share revenue , they would n’t offer a breakdown of what that rev share would look like .
On the device side , Google does n’t plan to actually build any Android deices for Verizon ’s network , but will work with partners to find the best form factors beyond handsets .
As for me , I ’m still wondering if we ’re going to see Android move from Verizon ’s wireless devices to customer premise equipment made for Verizon ’s wireline networks .
Might we see an Android - powered FiOS set - top box or the Verizon hub running Android ?
This inquiring mind still wants to know .
Bootstrap Panels
This tutorial is about Bootstrap Panels .
While not always necessary , sometimes you need to put your DOM in a box .
For those situations , try the panel component .
Medicio – Free Bootstrap Landing Page
Theme Medicio is a free Bootstrap landing page template designed for medical & health industry such as doctors , clinics , dentists and another medical & health service company .
Sparkle Brushes Collection of Photoshop
You know why each planner says Adobe Photoshop is extreme device for each sort of outline assignments and a large portion of the architects think about making configuration library and this gathering committed for those as “ Photoshop is presently Pretty Easy Using Sparkle Brushes ” Photoshop gets to be to distillate on brushes there could be [… ]
Leveraging on the Power of WordPress CMS for Your Business Now that you have a great business idea , how do you make it into reality in a highly competitive world ?
The answer lies in the internet revolution , which will enable you tap into a 2.4 billion customer - market .
To operate an eCommerce website , you need a reliable content management system ( CMS ) and this is where WordPress [… ]
Important Facts About Web Design Strategy Contrary to popular misconception , intelligent and successful web design is not about having really witty content and some stunning graphics .
There is a lot more to it than that and it concerns strategy .
The foremost point about web design is that the designers have to understand what it is that the website needs to achieve [… ]
Bootstrap Progress Bars Bootstrap is offering progress bar feature we will discuss about that in this article .
The function of bootstrap progress bars is to show that how much the process has been done and how in progress .
New Year Patent Search to Drafting Offer Sagacious IP , offers a festive season combo deal on selecting anyone service from Patent Search & Patent Drafting Services ( each ) .
You can select any 1 service from the 2 categories – Patent Search and Patent Drafting and avail this combo offer for US $ 2015 .
A man stabbed and bludgeoned his sister and her husband to death in El Cerrito in 2006 because he thought the couple were too liberal , were raising their children wrong and because they had n't invited him over for Christmas , a prosecutor told jurors Tuesday .
Edward Wycoff , 40 , of the Sacramento suburb of Citrus Heights coldly planned the slayings , including getting Lasik surgery and using night - vision goggles so he could find his way around the house where Julie Wycoff Rogers , 47 , lived with her husband , Paul Rogers , 48 , prosecutor Mark Peterson said .
He also purposefully picked the date for the killings - Jan. 31 , 2006 - Peterson said in Contra Costa County Superior Court in Martinez .
That was 20 years to the day after Wycoff 's grandmother , whom he hated , left his home after breaking her hip , the prosecutor said .
Wycoff regarded his grandmother as " evil " and thought his life improved considerably after she left , Peterson said .
Because he believed the couple had also been making his life miserable , he chose that date to break into their home on Rifle Range Road overlooking Wildcat Canyon Regional Park , stab them repeatedly with a knife and bludgeon them with a wheelbarrow handle , Peterson said in his opening statement in Wycoff 's murder trial .
Although Wycoff was also armed with a gun , he did n't use it because he did n't want to boost the cause of gun-control supporters , the prosecutor said .
Wycoff , who is serving as his own attorney , told jurors that he still hates the couple " a little . "
" They owe me a life , " he said .
" This has ruined my life , and Julie and Paul owe me for that . "
Wycoff agreed with the prosecutor that he resented members of Paul Rogers ' family for their liberal politics , and that he thought the couple were at times " too easy " when they disciplined their children .
He also said that " it was n't just Christmas " when he was n't invited over .
It was also Thanksgiving in 2005 , the year his and Julie Rogers ' father died .
" When someone does that , they hate you - they 're out to destroy you , " Wycoff said .
Peterson said Wycoff had planned to adopt the couple 's three children after he committed the killings .
The prosecutor played for the jury the 911 call made by Eric Rogers , then 17 , after the killer broke into the home about 4:30 a.m .
The boy 's sister , Laurel , then 12 , could be heard screaming in the background .
The children tried to help their father , who told them , " I love you all " before dying , the prosecutor said .
Eric Rogers brushed his father 's hair , telling him , " I love you , papa . "
Peterson said Julie Rogers ' last words to police were , " Kids OK ? "
The children were not harmed .
A third child , then 15 , was not living at the home at the time .
In an interview from jail after the slayings , Wycoff , who is 6 foot 5 and weighs 300 pounds , said he had tried to disguise himself during the killings by wearing a motorcycle helmet and attaching a ponytail with his late mother 's hair .
In a poem , Wycoff wrote , " My sister , I gutted her like a fish , " Peterson said .
" And in fact , he did , " the prosecutor added , " and he 's proud of it . "
Wycoff was arrested after he turned up at a hospital in Placer County , seeking treatment for a gash on his leg that he probably sustained while breaking into the home , Peterson said .
Wycoff is charged with two counts of murder along with the special circumstance alleging that he committed more than one murder .
Prosecutors said they will seek the death penalty if he is convicted .
Wycoff 's opening statement indicated he would try to justify the killings to the jury , rather than deny he committed them .
At the close of his remarks , Wycoff told the " few fans " in the gallery to contact his advisory attorney , David Briggs , if they wanted autographs .
For the second day in a row ( Monday 's show being so chockful o' wingnuttery that we did n't have time to post on it ) Glenn Beck devoted two whole segments to the subject of net neutrality .
And for the second night in a row , the discussion featured a guy named Phil Kerpen from Americans For Prosperity , which has a long history of shilling for whatever right - wing corporate agenda it can suck out money for : tobacco interests , health - insurance companies , corporate polluters have all pitched in money so that AFP can variously promote tobacco , lobby against health - care reform ( it was one of the original promoters of the Tea Parties ) and push the idea that global warming is n't really happening .
And now he's out pushing the notion that somehow , regulating Internet providers so that they cannot determine or limit public access is the same thing as communism .
Or something like that .
When you have Glenn Beck as your No. 1 cheerleader , logic does n't actually have to enter into it .
Especially not facts .
Because Beck appears to have no idea at all what Net Neutrality is actually all about .
As Timothy Karr explained on Democracy Now last month :
And net neutrality is really the fundamental openness principle of the internet .
Whenever you connect to the internet , net neutrality makes sure that you can connect to everyone else who ’s on the internet .
And this has been a tremendous engine for free speech , for economic innovation , for equal opportunity .
And we are now fighting with some very prominent internet service providers , very powerful companies , to try to preserve that fundamental openness , so that whenever we go online we can choose , as users , where we go and what we do via the internet .
Somehow , Beck is able to transform this into an attack on " freedom of speech " -- when it obviously is precisely the opposite .
To guys like Beck , you see , the only threat to our liberties is from the government .
Giant corporations that control our means of information , not so much .
Indeed , his argument boils down to a simple proposition : " Freedom " means letting powerful business interests control the public 's access to the internet .
Hm .
That 's some kinda freedom .
ThinkProgress has more :
" You 've been a treasure to work with through this .
You 've a hard job to do , and I appreciate the amazing balance of compassion and skill you put into your work . ”
- Jean
" Because of you and your winning oral argument before the U.S. Supreme Court , I can always honestly say to her that I did everything I possibly could to be there for her . ” - Sergeant First Class Jeff Chafin
" I wish to take this opportunity to thank you and all the people of the Manely Firm for the professional manner in which you performed the requirements of Pam 's divorce . "
- Bill
" I just received the Judge Lane 's order yesterday and I am very pleased with the outcome .
It is an order that I can live with as I parent my daughter over the next several years . "
- Cheree
" I would like to thank you for your service , and attention in my civil action .
Michael , for your sincere , patient ear during my consultation ... I would also like to thank Martha for her prompt and kind follow ups . "
- Dei Gratia
" Michael was steadfast in moving my case forward and presented my case to the judge with meticulously documented support .
Michael and his staff did a great job and were very responsive in my case .
I highly recommend Michael and his firm . "
- Cynthia Caldwell
" Michael actively utilizes professionals in marketing , public relations and journalism .
This combination has proven very effective and is unique among Atlanta attorneys . "
- Cherry Spencer Stark
" The challenge of helping our new son realize a prosperous and happy future would have been impopsossible if the legal and personal entanglements had not been sorted out and properly resolved by this awesome group of people .
They have my highest recommendation . "
- JD
" There 's no words to describe how grateful we are for selecting The Manely Firm to defend us in an international case , I can say they are the best in this matter , period .
Highly professional and Mr. King and Mr. Manely are the best ever . " - Joel Seguradone
" I found that the Manely firm were the only attorneys who had the expertise and knowledge of international law to be able to bring my case before the court .
I give them a 5 - plus star rating because they are in league above all other attorneys ! " - Kay
" Very professional and display a great sense of immediacy working with you on your case " - Xavier
" Excellent options served well will highly recommend " - Keenan Thomas
" I recommend the Manely firm to anyone looking for the best attorneys in Hague Convention cases . "
- Choongo Moonga
" Divorce is difficult and there were times I wanted to just give in to get it over with but Mr Purvis continued to give support and when it was over I was glad that he was on my side .
Because of him I was able to move forward both financially and emotionally with my life . "
- Suzanne Cate
" My case was handled efficiently and without delay .
I appreciate the effort put into my case and the outcome . "
- Andrew Boone
" Very grateful to have chosen The Manely Firm .
I 'm grateful for your team and for all their services during this uncomfortable time in my personal life .
Thank you for accepting me as a client . "
- Scott Wilson
" Excellent professional who fight for you " - Kleyton Barreto Fontes
Our vision was to create a different path toward earning a degree , one that transforms the lives of professionals , on their terms .
When the time is right , we ’ll be here to help you reach your potential .
Through idiot logic , that ’s how .
Conservative Christian author Star Parker enters the fray with the latest malformed conclusions attacking marriage equality : “ According to DC ’s HIV / AIDS office , three percent of the local population has HIV or AIDS .
The Administrator of this office notes that this HIV / AIDS incidence is ‘… higher than West Africa … on par with Uganda and some parts of Kenya . ’
And the principal way that HIV is transmitted continues to be through male homosexual activity .
Amidst this dismal picture , the DC City Council , perhaps on the theory that serving up another glass of wine is the way to help a drunk , is scheduled to vote on December 1 to legalize same sex marriage in America ’s capital city .
…
Is [ marriage bill sponsor Councilman David ] Catania out of touch with the needs of DC ’s poor ?
No .
He just has different priorities .
More important to him , and more important to DC ’s left wing city council , is advancing moral relativism and the indulgences it feeds .
This is more important to them than feeding the poor or recognizing the values that would get them out of poverty .
It should concern every American as we watch our nation ’s capital city transform officially into Sodom . ”
Find a bucket , lady , and sit. in . it .
Computing Thoughts
You Can't Do What You Want By Doing Something Else
by Bruce Eckel
October 3 , 2009
Summary
I 'm reading Po Bronson 's " What Should I Do With My Life ? " which is brilliant on many levels .
For one thing , it 's the anti-self - help book ; it 's just stories from talking to people , and by no means is everyone successful .
Advertisement
And it 's dense , by which I mean not fluffy but packed with insight .
He spent years researching and developing this book , and his own struggle is woven into it .
Indeed , it 's not about formulas and answers , but about the struggle itself .
One observation set me back .
There are lots of people who wanted to do one thing but then got " practical " and did something else " first . "
The idea was that they'd be successful and sock away money doing the practical thing , and after that they could go back to the thing they loved .
Bronson was sure that , among the hundreds of people that he interviewed , someone would actually have been successful with this strategy .
It sounds so reasonable , after all .
But he encountered exactly zero people who pulled it off .
Everyone who tried got sucked into the " practical " career and were never able to extract themselves from it .
Too comfortable , too many expectations from friends and family , too easy just to keep doing what you 're doing .
Although we admire when someone can do something unique and creative , society is set up to resist such attempts .
Your parents , with all the love and best intentions , will urge you to do something that " makes a good living . "
Your friends and coworkers resist behaviors that might take you away from them , and will tell you stories of how this or that person tried and failed .
And hardest of all , when you are ready to make your leap of faith , the temptations appear ; the tremendous opportunities that for some reason only come out of the woodwork when you are ready to walk out the door .
There 's a quote that appears again and again in various forms : " close one door , another opens . "
It seems like magical thinking until you see it happen .
And it only happens when you do n't leave the door partially open , but instead firmly close it .
For some reason , being certain that you 're ready to move on does cause some kind of magic to happen , and I do n't know why .
This does n't mean it will be easy .
But your struggles will be towards happiness rather than trying to avoid some litany of unpleasant things as most people do -- and most people ( over 80 % in this country , it appears ) are unhappy in their careers .
And knowing that you are moving towards something that you love ( even if you do n't yet know what it is ) seems more likely to make you happy than just marking time in a job , waiting for something to happen so you can start doing what you really want .
Talk Back !
Have an opinion ?
Readers have already posted 10 comments about this weblog entry .
Why not add yours ?
RSS Feed
If you 'd like to be notified whenever Bruce Eckel adds a new entry to his weblog , subscribe to his RSS feed .
About the Blogger
Bruce Eckel ( www.BruceEckel.com) provides development assistance in Python with user interfaces in Flex .
He is the author of Thinking in Java ( Prentice - Hall , 1998 , 2nd Edition , 2000 , 3rd Edition , 2003 , 4th Edition , 2005 ) , the Hands - On Java Seminar CD ROM ( available on the Web site ) , Thinking in C++ ( PH 1995 ; 2nd edition 2000 , Volume 2 with Chuck Allison , 2003 ) , C++ Inside & Out ( Osborne / McGraw - Hill 1993 ) , among others .
He 's given hundreds of presentations throughout the world , published over 150 articles in numerous magazines , was a founding member of the ANSI / ISO C++ committee and speaks regularly at conferences .
This weblog entry is Copyright © 2009 Bruce Eckel .
All rights reserved .
Did you recently start a blog and feel like you have no idea what you ’re doing ?
Do you feel like your blog will always suck and you ’re never going to get any readers ?
Or do you just feel lost and want to give up ?
Here ’s a secret : your favorite bloggers felt the same way when they started .
Very , very few of them actually had any idea that they ’d end up where they are now , writing in the voice they now have about the topics that now fascinate them .
Simply put , they grew with their blogs , and got better through a lot of practice .
Ali recently wrote “ Every Blogger Starts From Zero ” over at Problogger that tells much of the same story and gives some good practical suggestions for how to improve your blogging .
It ’s a great post , and she ought to know , for she ’s one of those bloggers to watch out for .
But today , I ’m not going to do a lot of telling ; I ’m going to do a lot of showing .
We ’ll take a look at a few blogs that are typically regarded as awesome blogs , check out their 10th ( or so ) post , and compare that to their current posts .
In every case , you ’ll see improvements in writing quality or a distinct voice or scope that was n’t there before – and though you can kind of see the bloggers in there in the earlier posts , you ’ll see that they ’re hiding , too .
Let ’s start with this blog , though .
( Editorial note , 2/15/2020 : Unfortunately , some of the posts I ’ve referenced below link to the saved Wayback Machine version because the original content is n’t available , but you can still read the content .
I ’ve annotated these with WBM so you know . )
The Flourishing Part of Productive Flourishing
I ’ll put this out there first : I ’m not really comfortable including my blog as an awesome blog , but it ’s the one I know the most about .
This knowledge lets me show you the evolutionary path to a degree that I can’t for others .
I got on this kick today because I noticed that a newsletter subscriber subscribed after seeing what was perhaps the worst post on this blog .
After reading it and cringing , I quickly started editing it .
I considered deleting it , were it not for the last paragraph .
The irony was that the post was about why I quit blogging and the changes that I would make .
Run and check out : “ Why I Quit Blogging ” circa February 2008 .
Note : in a sense of fairness and transparency , I reverted the post back to the awful version it started out as .
Are you kidding me ?
There ’s this thing called proofreading , and apparently the editor was out for lunch .
And a double - listed post ?
What was I thinking ?
Beneath the many typos and lack of thought about how the post would look like to a reader , you can clearly see me in there .
What you do n’t see , however , is any sense that an actual reader is part of the conversation .
To my credit , though , I had 9 readers at the time , so there really was n’t anyone reading .
But I persisted and got better .
Through time , my writing became less academic and more approachable , and I figured out that I was actually talking to someone .
After crashing and burning by trying to write like a blogger , I started writing how I wanted to and how I talk and think , and every post was written to particular people or to problems that people were having .
I ’ll include a list of links so you can see the progression , if you wish :
I ’ve finessed the numbers a little bit because drafts change post counts and I wanted to pick something close to that post count that was representative of my writing style , but you can still see a progression .
There was n’t a clear road from “ Why I Quit Blogging ” to “ What We Gave Up When We Gained Abundance ” – but there was one writer who kept writing .
The Rise of Leo of ZenHabits
Everybody writes about Leo ’s rise in the blogosphere and how fast it was , and for good reason : the guy came out of nowhere .
For four or five months , you could n’t read a blog without seeing Leo ’s name pop up .
Clearly , a guy that prolific needed to write a productivity blog .
But if you paid closer attention , you could see a maturation in his writing , which is striking because he came into blogging from journalism – he was already a good writer , yet his voice and style changed , too .
Check out “ How I became an Early Riser ” and compare that to one of his latest – “ The Slow Secret : How to Make Lasting Changes In Your Life . ”
Both are undeniably Leo , and he ’s one of those guys that makes blog - friendly writing seem natural .
Look closer , though : in his most recent article , there ’s no hesitation to his writing .
It ’s crisp – he does n’t have to hedge what he ’s talking about any more .
The scope is bigger , as he ’s synthesizing Taichi with productivity .
And , lastly , the last post is full of you , not him .
You can read Zen Habits nowadays and forget that you ’re reading about simple productivity , and that ’s all because of Leo ’s voice , style , and credibility .
One of the best feats any non-fiction writer can pull off is writing in such a way that you do n’t care what you ’re reading – you ’re just happy to be reading .
Leo does this in spades .
The Cussing , World - Saving , Marketing Maven known as Naomi Dunford
I talk to a lot of smart people on a daily basis , and Naomi is definitely in the top 5 in this category .
For what it ’s worth , at the top , it ’s hardest to say who ’s better , and really , the time spent trying to figure it out is better spent just appreciating their talents .
But people are n’t drawn to Naomi solely because she ’s smart ; they ’re drawn to her because she tells great stories .
If there were ever a natural infotainer , it ’s her .
Her stories make you forget that you ’re learning – so much so that she ’s now figured out that she has to give people homework if she actually wants them to apply her insights .
True story .
Yes , some of her stories are not safe for work , too .
And thankfully so , for there are all too many stuffy business people that do more to help people fall asleep than to help them build their businesses .
But it took her a while to develop her writing style , too – even though she started with plenty of writing under her belt .
For exhibit A , check out “ Technical Difficulties : 5 Ways To Cope ( WBM ) , ” and for Exhibit B , “ An Itemized List of All The Shit You Do n’t Know ( WBM ) . ”
Both are stories that include Jamie as a counterpoint .
But there ’s nothing in the first story that rings of Naomi ’s attention to comedic / storytelling detail .
The first one also does n’t feature a blasphemous , F - bomb dropping toddler , and even if Jack was around and talking at the time , it ’s quite clear that the rendition of the first story would n’t be as literal ; it would read like something you ’d read at a boring blog like this one .
Besides the detail , though , watch how she ’s violating the “ rules ” of the English language to tell the story .
For instance :
When I have tried to use my father ’s razors , my legs look like they ’ve been through the rough edge of a grater .
It ’s hideous .
And painful .
And hideous .
And painful .
A lesser writer would have butchered that paragraph by shaving off the repetition and applying silky smooth punctuations and transitions .
But her paragraph conveys the way her legs felt and thus serves the story better than a cleaner version .
( I get the image of a shorn Wookiee with acne , but maybe that ’s just me . )
She ’ll probably show up here and rant about how she hates writing blog posts , but the fact of the matter is that she ’s better at what she does because she ’s been writing blog posts .
Deal with it , Naomi .
Steve Spalding : Splitting Atoms , One Story At A Time
Simply put , Steve is one of those guys you should know and follow .
Not only is he both compassionate and brilliant , he ’s one of those guys on the leading edge of what ’s happening .
I ’m thankful that he ’s serving as a conduit for the stuff that ’s moving and shaking , although I wish I could get him to agree with me that a computer desk is not an appropriate place to fall asleep .
What you might not know about Steve is that he ’s a trained engineer .
As in , he actually went - to - a university - and - got - a - degree type of engineer .
He thinks like one , too , but he does n’t talk or tell stories like one .
At least , he does n’t nowadays .
But check out “ How To Learn Linux ( WBM ) ” and you ’ll see an engineer writing .
Yes , it ’s Steve the tinkerer there , but the Steve of “ 80 % of People Quietly Despise Their Lives ( WBM ) ” is rather different .
He ’s still breaking things down and trying to put them about together , but again , look at the scope change .
Furthermore , though his first post is full of “ you ’s , ” they ’re more like place holders in that one .
It ’s awkward in a post like the first one to not use “ you , ” but notice that the “ you ” in the later post really is you , like you ’re sitting they ’re talking to him .
He ’s anticipating what you will say throughout the conversation – he ’s talking to someone , not everybody .
Given his involvement in 93 Studios , I suspect that his stories will only get richer and more interesting – not at all what you ’d expect from an engineer writing about learning Linux .
When Jonathan Was n’t Unconventional
While Jonathan ’s ascent was n’t nearly as quick as Leo ’s , it ’s still remarkable .
Since launching Illuminated Mind in March 2008 , he ’s grown it to about 10,000 readers .
Given that he ’s part of the third wave of productivity / personal development bloggers , that ’s no small feat .
Jonathan ’s writing makes people positively uncomfortable in a way that ’s conducive for personal growth .
He brings out the itch you ’ve been trying to ignore for a long time – and his style and voice go along way towards getting people to at least think about issues of authenticity and personal liberation .
I ’ve known Jonathan for a good while now , and , though he ’s always been a rebel , his earlier writing did n’t indicate as much .
I think a lot of this came from the regular contributions he wrote for Zen Habits early on , but as he defined himself , his posts there changed , as well .
Let ’s take a look at the early days of Illuminated Mind , though , by looking at “ How to Boost Your Energy .
( WBM ) ” You see the classic blog post here , and it ’s something that would fit well on ZenHabits or 90 % of other productivity / personal development blogs .
I ’m not saying that it ’s a bad post – but it ’s not a post where you see Jonathan .
Contrast that with “ Your Comfort Is Not Important ( WBM ) . ”
In it , you see Jonathan ’s style of taking conventional or common beliefs and showing how they go against what many of us care about .
Notice the lack of a list ; he has developed a relationship with his readers such that he knows they ’ll read what he writes , even if it is n’t in an easily digestible listed format .
At the end , he introduces the term “ artful ignorance , ” which is him making novel contributions to the conversation .
The former post is something that many writers could write if they did the research and the brainstorming .
The latter post is something that very few could or would write .
That makes all the difference between a post that gets read and a post that gets filtered , but it ’s not like Jonathan knew 18 months ago that he’d be where he is now with his idiosyncratic style .
The Remarkable Sonia
Sonia is another one of those really smart people , being fluent in multiple languages and one of the best copywriters I know .
Brian Clark knew what he was doing when he snatched her up , for she ’s one of those people that both * gets * copywriting and can teach it in the way that we mere mortals can understand .
Sonia ’s also another showcase of someone who was already talented who is still growing and developing her own voice .
You ’d think that after the many posts on Copyblogger , she ’d have her shtick down , but it turns out not to be that way .
Compare her “ How to Tell A Story ” to “ How to Quit Being a Badass . ”
Ask yourself who she ’s writing to in the first one .
Notice how long her paragraphs are in the first one compared to the second .
See how she puts ideas together and how her headers are now more informative .
It ’s hard to have the confidence to write a one - sentence paragraph , yet her later post has 5 of them and a bunch of punchy , two - sentence paragraphs .
The first post is telling you how to write a story , whereas the second post is showing you how to write a story .
The later post is not an aberration : scroll through her five most recent post , and you ’ll see that this brilliant punchiness is now the way she writes .
But you ’ll also pick up on her warmth and compassion – which is exactly what she radiates in person : warmth , compassion , and quiet but powerful intelligence .
You only only see one shade of her in her earlier posts , but now , we get Sonia .
Become Yourself
How can I know what I think until I say it ?
– E. M. Forster
Throughout this post , I ’ve tried to show you that influential bloggers did n’t start out that way .
We – if I may humbly add myself to the list for ease of discussion – started out hesitant and bland and we hid behind our words .
Every post we wrote inched us ever closer to who you now read , and I guarantee that every blogger I mentioned will cringe when they go back and read their earlier posts .
Hey , there are a lot of reasons why we hide our archives .
What I could n’t show you is how our designs changed with us .
Many of us started with the same crappy , free themes , then moved to less crappy themes , then paid for a theme , and , finally , got a theme designed for us .
We could n’t have designed the themes we now have because we did n’t know what we ’d like .
And , while blog designs are important , they ’re secondary to your development as a blogger .
Let me be very clear here : fiddling with plugins and themes has very little payoff when you ’re starting out – your fiddling is probably more of a sign of procrastination versus a legitimate concern for the usability and presentation of your blog .
We ’ve all been there .
So , if you ’re worried about where your blog is going , join the club .
Frustrated about your lack of readers ?
Yep , been there , too .
But you do n’t grow a blog by thinking about growing a blog or trying to figure out what you should be writing about – you grow a blog by writing , posting , receiving feedback , integrating feedback … and writing , publishing , posting , integrating feedback … and writing , publishing , and integrating feedback .
You will feel like you ’re writing in the dark with no one listening , but that will change – only if you keep at it .
You will write masterpieces and you will write crap – but you only get the masterpieces if you ’re willing to write the crap ; the crap will sink to the bottom and remain hidden in your archives , whereas the masterpieces will rise to the top .
Your blog will grow , and you will grow with it – but only if you learn to sit down , write , post , and keep yourself open to new opportunities .
The blogging world is different now than it was 2 years ago .
You can build a community on Twitter and launch a blog , which is much different than when some of us started and there really was n’t anyone on the other end of the conversation .
The tools are now easier to use and blogging is no longer some weird hobby that you keep in the closet .
It ’s also harder now because so many more people are doing it .
You have to compete for readers ’ attention to a degree that veteran bloggers did n’t have to .
For instance , when I started blogging , there were about 5 big blogs in this niche – ZenHabits , Steve Pavlina , Lifehacker , Lifehack , and 43 Folders .
If you want to start a blog in this niche today , you have a few hundred to worry about , and you ’re not going to rise above the rest doing the same thing everybody else is doing .
Despite all of the changes , though , content is still king .
However , content is no longer informational content , but style , tone , voice , and the rest .
You ’re not Wikipedia , and you also have to rise above the post templates you find on Problogger because everybody else is using those same templates , too .
You ’ll have to learn to reach through the screen to connect with your readers , and if you do n’t , they will move on to someone else who will .
To connect with your readers , you ’ll have to develop the voice and style that is unmistakably you .
And you probably wo n’t know who that person is unless you start writing ; living is not about being – it ’s about becoming .
Between where you are now and where you want to go stands a lot of writing .
Not thinking about writing .
Not worrying about writing .
Not figuring out what you ’re going to write .
But writing .
I hope this post helps you when the path is hard – we ’ve been there , too , and we ’re still figuring out where we ’re going .
Now , go become yourself and grow your blog …one post at a time .
Polystyrene are mostly used to protect articles from breaking when sent in packages .
A professor of digital arts at University of Oregon , Michael Salter , uses polystyrene to make robot sculptures , formula cars and bikes .
His biggest sculpture is a 22 feet tall robot surrounded with small robots to make passers - by keep distance so they do n’t accidentally knock it over .
Salter creates the sculptures by cutting the polystyrene in pieces and gluing them together , and it took him several months to do it .
Over the past few months I 've been drifting into the world of Linux video applications and development .
I 've already written a review of the LiVES video editor , and I 've made occasional reference to the Kino editor .
Recently a reader asked if I 'd tried a recent version of Kdenlive .
I started looking into it and I liked what I saw .
The following article is an account of my continuing experience with the latest codebase from the project .
Introduction
First , the bare - metal description .
Kdenlive ( Figure 1 ) is a non-linear video editor for Linux , FreeBSD , and OSX .
It supports realtime input from camcorders ( DV , HDV , professional , etc ) , cameras capable of MPEG4 and H264 output , and standard USB - compliant webcams ( some of them , that is ) .
File I/O is supported for a variety of video and audio codes and formats , including AVI , MPEG , FLV , raw DV , WAV , and many others .
Kdenlive 's editing features include a track - based A/V mixer , effects and transitions processing , keyboard accelerators , and non-blocking rendering .
Of course all common editing operations are also supported , e.g. cut / copy / paste , splicing , track solo / mute , and so forth .
Figure 1 . Kdenlive
Kdenlive is software libre licensed under the GPL .
It leverages the power of other free software projects such as Qt4 , MLT , and FFmpeg , and it requires the base libraries for KDE , though you do not need to run the KDE desktop .
Pre -compiled packages are available for various Linux distributions , and all source code is freely available .
The Test System
The test system hardware includes an AMD64 3800 + CPU ( ~ 2.4 GHz ) , 4G RAM , and a fast large hard - disk .
Video hardware includes a Logitech webcam and a Samsung DV - capable camcorder connected to the machine by an IEEE1394 interface .
The Linux distribution is Ubuntu Jaunty customized with a realtime kernel ( 2.6.29 ) and various packages from the Ubuntu Studio project .
The KDE libraries are from version 4.2.2 of the desktop , and the Qt4 libraries are at version 4.5.0 .
The audio system is built around an M - Audio Delta 66 audio interface and an on - board varietal of the Intel HDA chipset .
The available audio options for the test box included ALSA and OSS .
JACK support is not currently available for Kdenlive .
Build Notes
Kdenlive is probably included in your distribution 's software repositories .
However , my Ubuntu Jaunty 's repos offer only version 0.7.3 while the program 's official release version has already reached 0.7.5 ( and 0.7.6 may be on - line as you read this article ) .
Studio
Dave must have the latest & greatest versions , so I decided to build Kdenlive from its source code .
I had installed the Ubuntu Studio video packages , so I completely removed the Kdenlive and MLT ( Media Lovin ' Toolkit ) packages .
MLT is a " ... multimedia authoring and processing framework and a video playout server for television broadcasting " , a perfect fit for Kdenlive 's purposes .
MLT is a major required component , and the latest Kdenlive wants the latest MLT ( also unavailable from the repos ) .
Thus , I had to build the MLT software from its GIT sources :
cd ~/src git clone http://mltframework.org/mlt.git cd mlt ./ configure -- prefix= / usr -- enable - gpl -- avformat - swscale make sudo make install
Easy enough , but if you plan to compile MLT be sure to run ./ configure -- help to view the available options and required dependencies .
In my build instructions I include an option to enable the building of modules covered by the GPL , another option to customize the avformat software , and a preference setting for the installation path .
Building Kdenlive is about as easy as compiling MLT .
Here 's the step - by - step process I followed to build the program from its SVN source code repository :
cd ~/src svn co https://kdenlive.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/kdenlive/trunk/kdenlive cd kdenlive mkdir build ; cd build cmake ..
- DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=/usr make sudo make install
Of course the success or failure of the procedure depended upon the installation of the necessary libraries and other tools .
Fortunately the Jaunty repos provided all needed components , including all the required development packages , and at last I had the latest Kdenlive , version 0.7.5 at revision level 3962 .
Startup And Configuration
You can start Kdenlive by clicking on its menu icon or by entering kdenlive at an X terminal prompt .
The command accepts only a few options , including some specific to Qt and KDE factors .
You can indicate the path to the MLT environment , you can specify a project file to load at startup , and that 's about it .
When the program opens you 'll be greeted by a setup wizard that will walk you through the essential configuration .
After Kdenlive has started you can further configure the program to refine its audio / video support and other capabilities .
The Settings / Configure Kdenlive dialog ( Figure 2 ) contains selections for setting display properties , the MLT environment paths , playback and recording defaults , FFmpeg transcode profiles , and various other default values .
When you 've configured Kdenlive for your devices and other system capabilities you 're ready to start working on your first Kdenlivened cinematic masterpiece .
Figure 2 . The Configure Kdenlive dialog
Input / Output
Kdenlive accepts input streams from camcorders and webcams .
Alas , the program refused to recognize my Logitech webcam , even after I changed its settings to values known to work with other webcam recording software .
However , Kdenlive immediately recognized my camcorder , and I had no trouble recording or playing back video from that device .
Thanks to Kdenlive 's deployment of recordmydesktop you can also record activity on your desktop display , including sound .
The active input device is selected in the Record Monitor window , and you can declare your default device in the Capture section of the Settings / Configure Kdenlive dialog .
As I 've already mentioned , Kdenlive accepts a variety of video and audio file types .
The program can also create slideshows from still images in JPEG , GIF , PNG , and other popular image formats .
See the complete list of supported input file formats at the Supported Formats page on the Kdenlive Web site .
Output is similarly flexible .
Projects can be saved with their complete clip - sets and multitrack layouts , along with all settings for effects and transitions .
Rendered projects may be targeted for a variety of popular export types , including DVD , HDV , YouTube , Vimeo , and others .
This feature takes the guesswork out of the sometimes confusing welter of options available for those targets , it 's a sweet touch from the developers .
Finally , if your intended product is a DVD , you 'll like Kdenlive 's DVD Wizard ( Figure 3 ) .
This item reduces DVD production to a series of mouse clicks and occasional text entries , and I must say that it's one of the easiest ways I 've encountered for simple production of a DVD in Linux .
Figure 3 . Kdenlive 's DVD Wizard
A Kdenlive Project
We 'll create a simple small - scale project to show off some of Kdenlive 's basic features .
First , select the New Project item from the Files menu , then add some media clips to it with the Project / Add Clip dialog .
File formats can be mixed freely , without concern for compatibility - Kdenlive takes care of that behind the scenes - and the program has happily accepted every file I 've thrown at it so far .
We can also add audio tracks in various formats , but for now we 'll remain focused on video files .
Figure 4 . The Project Tree
Each clip is added to the Project Tree panel in the upper left corner of the main display ( Figure 4 ) .
To add a clip to an existing track simply drag & drop the clip anywhere into the preferred track .
Multiple clips can be sequenced in a single track , but layering within a single track is not permitted .
In Figure 5 we see the results of a track layout with four clips laid sequentially into two tracks .
Each clip is labelled and includes an audio and / or video thumbnail ( which can be toggled in the Configure Kdenlive Display dialog ) .
Figure 5 . A multitrack layout with multiple clips
At this point we can render the layout in Figure 5 and view a sequence of four videos played one after the other .
That 's nice , maybe even interesting , but it would be much nicer and far more interesting if we could overlap those clips and perform effects such as cross-fades and dissolves between them .
Kdenlive can do it , thanks to its track - based effects known as video transitions .
As I mentioned , you can drop a clip anywhere into a track .
However , merely overlaying clips in your tracks will not render them in a mixture .
On playback each clip will render in turn as the previous clip reaches its endpoint .
Figure 6 illustrates such a layout .
After the first clip finishes playing the next clip comes in abruptly at the first clip 's endpoint , and so on for the subsequent arrangement of clips .
To create , view , and render a mixture of layered clips you 'll need to employ video transitions .
Figure 6 . A multitrack layout with overlapping clips
Transitions are processes applied between tracks , such as a cross - fade from one clip into another .
Kdenlive includes the expected dissolves , slides , and wipes along with some more exotic possibilities such as alphaxor , hardlight , and grain extract .
I do n't know yet what those last three transitions do , but Kdenlive makes it easy to discover .
To create a transition simply right - click within your selected primary clip and choose an effect from the Add Transition menu .
The transition graphic can be relocated at will and includes handles for setting the length of the transition .
Left - click on the transition name to open its parameter dialog ( if any ) .
Parameter updates are fast and smooth , but as far as I know there is no mechanism for external control protocols such as MIDI or OSC .
You can have some great fun learning how to use transitions , so be prepared to spend some serious play - time with them .
In Figure 6 the overlapping clips are controlled by three transitions , a dissolve , a wipe , and a slide .
The screenshot displays the controls and settings for the wipe transition , including the image file used to define the transition style .
The figure also indicates that the final clip has an effect added to it , a Fade To Black .
In Kdenlive an effect is a process applied to a discrete clip or group of clips .
A generous collection of effects types can be found in the Effects List located to the right of the Project Tree .
Kdenlive currently supports the Frei0r video plugins , audio plugins ported from the venerable SoX project , and visual processing modules provided by MLT .
By default all audio and video effects are listed , but the list can be delimited to show only audio , video , or custom effects .
To apply an effect to a clip drag & drop the desired item from the Effects List into the target .
The effect 's parameter controls are displayed to the right of the Effects Stack box and are usable in realtime .
Custom effects chains can be built by populating the Effects Stack with selected processors and setting their available controls to your preferences .
When you 're satisfied with the blend your custom stack can be saved and reloaded at any time from the Effects List .
This method is a neat and simple way to construct unique blends of existing effects .
It 's also just great fun to play with , so be prepared to lose more hours in wild experimentation with Kdenlive 's effects .
By the way , I like the ability to work on clips and the track layout in one screen , it contributes to a fast efficient workflow .
Alas , my dry description fails to relate just how easy it is to work in Kdenlive , you 'll just have to try it yourself .
The Audio Side
Kdenlive 's audio support is configured through the Settings / Configure Kdenlive dialog 's Capture and Playback panels .
My build of Kdenlive supports the ALSA and OSS audio backends .
It can also utilize the PulseAudio , Esound , and aRts audio servers , but alas , there is currently no support for the JACK system .
Audio within a clip can be muted , and new audio tracks can be added to the timeline , but I have n't yet found a way to directly delete or replace a clip 's soundtrack .
As noted earlier , various audio effects are available , including reverbs , a flanger , filters , and other standard audio processing modules , but alas again , Kdenlive does not support the LADSPA or LV2 Linux audio plugin APIs .
An effect is applied in the same manner as a transition , i.e. right - click on a clip and select an item from the Add Audio Effect menu .
Like the video effects , any user - controllable parameters will be displayed in the Effects Stack panel .
And alas yet once more , as far as I can tell Kdenlive provides no mechanism for automating parameter controls via MIDI , OSC , or other protocol .
Neither does it provide any audio editing capability beyond the addition of effects .
Rendering
When your clips and tracks have been edited and arranged to your satisfaction it 's time to render the mix .
The process is somewhat anticlimactic : Press the Render button , define the parameters for the output format , then enjoy a cup or glass of your favorite beverage while Kdenlive does its thing .
Rendering times are a bit unpredictable : A 2 - track , 2 - clip project with a running length of ~ 2 minutes took roughly 2 minutes to render , while a 3 - clip / 3 - track project that lasts 40 seconds took slightly more than 3 minutes .
Apparently rendering is dependent on various factors , including file types and lengths .
Large - scale projects may take a long time to render , so be prepared for a wait if you 're working on a big project .
Problems
Various crashes occurred with my first build .
The program segfaulted with any selection from the With Track menu in the Transitions panel , and sometimes it crashed after saving my work ( a timely crash , if there is such a thing ) .
At first I was inclined to describe Kdenlive as too brittle to recommend for hard daily use .
However , stability is indeed an issue with the developers , and I was pleased to note that the program got a little more solid with each revision I checked out of the SVN repository .
If the devs continue this level of attention to its performance then I have high hopes for Kdenlive 's future development .
Documentation
The Kdenlive home site offers links to video tutorials , a FAQ sheet , and the user 's manual .
The Kdenlive forum is another good source for information , as are YouTube ( 800 + hits ) and Google ( a predictably vast number of hits ) .
The developers are also available via email and IRC , though it's hard to imagine encountering a problem not yet encountered by other users .
Despite its relatively early release stage Kdenlive is already a popular program , with many dedicated and helpful users .
The Wishlist
To be fair , it should be remembered that Kdenlive is only at version 0.7.5 ( with 0.7.6 . coming on fast ) and is still some distance from its eventual 1.0 release .
Meanwhile , I have a wishlist that the developers might want to consider .
The first draft of this article was critical of Kdenlive 's stability .
Kdenlive 's features are to no avail if the program wo n't stay open long enough to use them without fear of segfaults .
However , I must note that by revision 3999 the program has become more crash - resistant .
Hopefully the developers will continue to harden Kdenlive against random segfaults .
Kdenlive needs JACK .
JACK is the future and the here & now for professionally - capable Linux audio systems , and Kdenlive would profit hugely from an alliance with JACK , especially with its transport controls .
I would also like to see support for LADSPA and LV2 audio plugins ( and maybe even for native Linux VSTs ) .
The SoX collection is nice , but the LADSPA / LV2 collections include some excellent processors not available from SoX .
A callout to an external audio editor would be cool , as would parameter automation .
In truth , Kdenlive would profit from a variety of improvements to its audio arsenal .
Finally , I want a mechanism for looping clips and / or repeat - pasting within a track , and I 'd like to see my webcam work while in Kdenlive .
I 'm sure I 'll think of other suggestions , but these are the ones that would most enhance the enjoyment of Kdenlive here at Studio Dave .
Update :
Thanks to help I received at the Kdenlive Forums I 've learned more about Kdenlive since I submitted this article .
I know now that the program already uses some LADSPA plugins in its effects list , though in an indirect way .
A simple XML file contains the information necessary to invoke a plugin and create a basic GUI for its parameters .
It 's easy to add plugins to Kdenlive 's effects list , and I 'm already working on bringing in a few of my favorite LADSPA plugins .
I also learned that I can call an external audio editor from within Kdenlive .
In the Settings / Configure Kdenlive dialog the Environment panel includes a tab for selecting default applications for audio and image editors and for the program 's default video player .
Sweet .
A Casual Comparison
A reader asked me to compare the LiVES editor with Kdenlive .
I tend to agree that comparisons are usually odious , but I decided to build the latest SVN sources for LiVES on the same system I used for this review of Kdenlive .
I did n't plan any impartial study or unbiased analysis , I simply worked on the same project in both applications .
Kdenlive easily won the palm for its user interface , but LiVES includes some features I really missed while working with Kdenlive , e.g. reading from a DVD , support for JACK , and various audio - related functions not found in Kdenlive .
LiVES is also more stable , though I discovered some surprising problems in its Multitrack mode .
Nevertheless , I found Kdenlive 's UI to be a powerful attraction .
I definitely worked faster in Kdenlive , especially when adding transitions , but I have no final preference and I will continue to watch and test the development of both programs .
The Verdict
There 's a lot to like about Kdenlive , and I like it a lot .
Its feature set is full enough to satisfy basic desktop video production needs , and its workflow is uncomplicated and easy to learn .
However , it must be considered that I 've reviewed a personal build from SVN sources .
I look forward to what my readers have to report regarding Kdenlive 's utility and stability on their systems .
Caller : “ I need to report a very serious computer crime !
The local university is running an illegal computer system ! ”
Me : “ Could you please repeat that ? ”
Caller : “ The local university is running an illegal computer system !
They ’ve hacked it ! ”
Me : “ How could you tell they ’d hacked it ? ”
Caller : “ Well , when it booted , it did n’t say Windows or Microsoft or anything !
It said something about Deviant Linux , I think , and the main screen looked nothing like my good , legal Windows screen at home !
I think they hacked that , too ! ”
Me : “ Do you mean Debian Linux ? ”
Caller : “ Yes , that !
Is it some sort of computer mafia or something ? ”
Me : “ Uh , no , it ’s just a different operating system .
Nothing to worry about . ”
Caller : “ But it ’s illegal !
It ’s not Microsoft , not even Windows !
They ’re on a normal Microsoft computer , so they ’re breaking the law !
I think they stole my identity when I came in the building !
I ’m calling the FBI ! ” * hangs up *
From hot - spring holidays in Japan to romantic rail journeys through Siberia , snow travel is the way to go .
Nigel Tisdall selects 10 dreamy trips .
To heaven by husky : Svalbard , Norway
Far above the Arctic Circle , the Norwegian archipelago of Svalbard is a savagely attractive land of glaciers , polar bears and explorers .
Here you can take a three - day husky safari across the frozen fjords to stay aboard Noorderlicht , a splendid red Dutch - built schooner caught in the winter ice .
The adventure starts at Basecamp Spitsbergen , a trapper ’s lodge - style hotel in Longyearbyen , constructed from driftwood , slate and furs , with 16 en-suite rooms .
After that you ’re off across the virgin snow , mushing a fiercely - motivated team of Alaskan dogs , with which you can interact over the 43 - mile drive to the ship .
Built in 1912 , and modernised with 10 cabins and a bar , the ship is a marvellous hideaway from which to keep an eye out for polar bears and the Northern Lights .
Hot springs eternal : Winter in Japan
Winter is a smart time to visit Japan – there are far fewer tourists and the countryside looks pleasingly white and pretty .
It ’s cold with plenty of snow in the mountains and excellent skiing , and you can intersperse sightseeing days with restorative trips to the onsen ( hot springs ) .
In the main resorts , many ryokan ( traditional inns ) have their own indoor hot - spring baths , while some also offer them outdoors ( rotenburo ) .
Kusatsu is a famous onsen town while Kinosaki has seven bathhouses set among streets of traditional wooden buildings and narrow bridges .
Start in Tokyo , then whizz around by train ; besides the renowned Shinkansen ( bullet train ) there are many other enjoyable rides , such as the Odakyu Romance Car Express , which has extra - wide windows so passengers can enjoy the scenic journey to Hakone and nearby Mount Fuji .
To Russia for love : Winter in St Petersburg
Few cities offer so fabulous a union of might and beauty as St Petersburg – and Peter the Great ’s “ Window on the West ” looks especially enchanting in winter .
Once the river Neva ices over in December , the city becomes ideal for fulfilling all those Dr Zhivago fantasies .
Big fur hats , dreamy walks in the snow , glittering tsarist palaces , masterpiece - filled museums …
January to early March is the best time for guaranteed snow .
For a five - star break and a sense of history check into the Grand Hotel Europe , which dates from 1824 and sets up an ice bar on Nevsky Prospekt every year , serving vodka , caviar and oysters .
A short drive out of the city , the Catherine Palace offers a memorable chance to think about doomed Romanovs , admire the marmalade walls of the Amber Room , then take a troika ride through the snows of nearby Pavlovsk park .
Steaming in Iceland
Still feeling a bit credit - crunched ?
So are 320,000 Icelanders , and their spectacular homeland is your best bet for a winter break with an attractive price tag .
It ’ll be cold and dark , but that ’s just what you want for seeing the Northern Lights .
The four - star Hotel Ranga , an hour ’s drive east of Reykjavik , is a conveniently isolated base .
You ’ll also need to make the most of the daylight ( down to four or five hours in January ) by driving out into the monochrome world of black lava , white fields and frozen waterfalls .
If things get nippy , hit the famous Blue Lagoon baths or the country ’s many geothermally - heated swimming pools .
Just as we go to the pub , so Icelanders hit the tub – and believe it or not , getting parboiled in a blizzard really is an awful lot of fun .
Rocky Mountain Highs
For an exhilarating change of scene , it ’s hard to beat Calgary .
Jump on a flight and , in just under nine hours , you ’re at the gateway to the magnificent ensemble of national parks , evergreen forests , mirror - calm lakes and snowy peaks that is the Canadian Rockies .
Drive 80 miles west and you reach Banff , a very can - do mountain playground set at 4,450 ft , with superb skiing backed up with plenty of alternative activities , including snow - shoeing , sleigh rides , ice fishing and a half - day ice - walk to Johnston Canyon .
Stay at the cavernous Fairmont Banff Springs Hotel , which opened in 1888 and resembles a Scottish castle .
With a spa , outdoor ice rink and plenty of rooms with a view , it ’s at the heart of the winter action .
A 40 - minute drive away lies Lake Louise , a sister resort that ’s home to an equally grand - looking hotel , the Fairmont Chateau Lake Louise .
Finland in the fast lane
Those who are keen to discover their inner Clarkson might consider visiting the Juha Kankkunen Driving Academy in Finnish Lapland .
The four - time World Rally Champion driver leads a team of skilled instructors who teach guests how to safely tear around ice - covered tracks in adapted vehicles ranging from a VW Golf to a Subaru Impreza .
Topping the programme is a four - mile , 125 mph race through the forests as the star ’s co-driver .
Accommodation is a first - class hotel or timber cottage and there ’s a host of outdoor activities available , including snowmobiling , lessons in winter survival skills , ice fishing and saunas .
Siberia in serious style
A ride on the Trans - Siberian railway is one of the world ’s great train journeys – and particularly romantic in winter , when the views from the carriage window present a mesmerising cavalcade of snow - clad fir trees broken up by merciless expanses of tundra , the flash of a gorgeous onion - domed church , and curtain - calls of Chekhovian faces waiting at the level - crossings .
Fortunately , there is now a super - luxurious way to enjoy this 6,600 - mile trip .
Departing Vladivostok on February 18 , the lavishly - appointed Golden Eagle Trans - Siberian Express will make a one - off winter journey westbound to Moscow .
John Simpson , the BBC ’s World Affairs Editor , will be a guest speaker on board , and the odyssey includes a stop for lunch in a Mongolian yurt , a dog - sled ride across the great white plate of Lake Baikal , and a tour of the ornately decorated wooden houses of Irkutsk .
Swiss Ball : St Moritz
Set on the sunny side of the Alps in Switzerland ’s Upper Engadine , St Moritz is the grandaddy of all winter - sports resorts .
A classic setting amid a panorama of lakes and mountains is matched by an equally captivating array of wealthy visitors , top - end shops and madcap activities ranging from ice polo to the Cresta Run .
By comparison , a few days ’ downhill skiing with a romantic horse - drawn carriage ride through the snow seems a commendably sane way to enjoy oneself .
For a complete immersion , book into the mock - gothic Badrutt ’s Palace , whose founder is reputed to have kicked the whole party off back in 1864 .
With palatial suites , an outpost of Nobu , and the King ’s Club nightspot , it helps explain how they put the ritz in St Moritz .
Spa in the snow : Italian Dolomites
In the heart of Italy ’s majestic Dolomites – recognised this summer as a World Heritage Site – San Cassiano is a picturesque mountain village within the highly rated Dolomiti Superski network .
Here you ’ll find the family - run Hotel Rosa Alpina , with 52 rooms and suites that offer a luxurious blending of the contemporary and the rustic .
Top of the bill are its new chalet loft suites that come with a fireplace and south - facing balcony .
Further treats include a Michelin - starred restaurant , pool , sauna and the original Daniela Steiner spa , known for its attention to detail – the herbs , oils , clays and salts used are prepared just before each treatment .
Add in helicopter flights , an exceptional choice of gastronomic restaurants , shopping in Bolzano and the absorbing cultural mix - up that is the South Tyrol – well , if it was good enough for George Clooney , it has to be heaven for us mortals .
Spa in the snow : Italian Dolomites
In the heart of Italy ’s majestic Dolomites – recognised this summer as a World Heritage Site – San Cassiano is a picturesque mountain village within the highly rated Dolomiti Superski network .
Here you ’ll find the family - run Hotel Rosa Alpina , with 52 rooms and suites that offer a luxurious blending of the contemporary and the rustic .
Top of the bill are its new chalet loft suites that come with a fireplace and south - facing balcony .
Further treats include a Michelin - starred restaurant , pool , sauna and the original Daniela Steiner spa , known for its attention to detail – the herbs , oils , clays and salts used are prepared just before each treatment .
Add in helicopter flights , an exceptional choice of gastronomic restaurants , shopping in Bolzano and the absorbing cultural mix - up that is the South Tyrol – well , if it was good enough for George Clooney , it has to be heaven for us mortals .
Check more Daily News
The idea that economics is all about the markets has been challenged by this year 's award of the Nobel Prize in Economics .
One half of the prize has gone to the political scientist Elinor Ostrom for showing that natural resources , like fish stocks or woodlands , can be commonly owned and still managed successfully .
The other half of the prize has been awarded to the economist Oliver E. Williamson for demonstrating that the internal structures of firms and companies can be better at resolving conflicts than the open market .
The award of the prize shows that economic theory can shed light not just on hard business transactions , but also on other forms of social organisation .
Central Asian steppes have faired better under nomad ownership than under agricultural collectives .
A striking example of successful common ownership comes from the grasslands in central Asia .
Historically , the steppes of Mongolia and neighbouring areas in China and Russia have been dominated by nomads who continually moved their herds around the land .
In Mongolia nomadic traditions persisted until the middle of the twentieth century , but in China and Russia they were replaced by state - owned agricultural collectives which enforced settlement .
Satellite images show that the land in both China and Russia has suffered heavily as a result of this policy , while the grasslands in Mongolia remained comparatively healthy .
Chinese attempts in the 1980s to rescue the grasslands through privatisation also proved unsuccessful .
In this example , and contrary to current economical wisdom , privatisation and tightly controlled state ownership have both failed .
For the common good
Elinor Ostrom has been honoured for a body of work which closely scrutinises a vast number of case studies of common ownership , from irrigation systems in Nepal to groundwater basins in California .
Ostrom 's results show that , while it's not the best solution in all cases , common ownership can and frequently does work .
Often this is down to centuries ' worth of knowledge and experience that have gone into evolving a common ownership system , the subtleties of which external authorities often fail to appreciate .
But Ostrom has also identified a set of more abstract rules and procedures which need to be in place to make common ownership work .
Some of her more surprising conclusions hold interesting lessons for state - owned or privatised property , too .
Ostrom shows , for example , that the users themselves , rather than impartial outsiders , should monitor procedures and dish out punishments where necessary .
Decision making processes should be as democratic as possible , allowing every user to take part in building and amending the rules that govern the group .
Ostrom also shows that a bottom - up approach to building an organisation , with well - functioning smaller groups coming together to form a larger cooperation , can be more beneficial than the opposite top - down approach .
Elinor Ostrom .
Photo courtesy of Indiana University .
Ostrom 's focus on case studies contrasts with the more mathematical approach of some previous Nobel laureates .
A mathematical angle on human interaction comes from game theory , which examines how rational and self - interested players behave in a game defined by a clear set of rules .
Cooperation , which is based on such fuzzy things as trust , may seem difficult to model in this way , but mathematicians have had a go at it using games that span several rounds .
In this way , players who betray trust or violate the rules can be punished in a subsequent round .
An example is the repeated version of the prisoner 's dilemma , in which two partners in crime are interviewed separately by the police and given the option to either remain silent , or betray the other .
If both remain silent , then both get a mild sentence , if both betray , they get a slightly longer sentence , but if one betrays while the other remains silent , the betrayer goes free and the other gets the maximum jail term .
The best option is clearly for both to remain silent .
But if this game is played only once , then the stable set of strategies , in the sense that neither could improve their outcome by changing their own strategy , is for each to betray the other .
The dilemma shows that the best strategy for an individual is not always the best strategy for a group .
This changes , however , if the game is repeated many times .
Fear of retribution from the other partner now means that both remaining silent emerges as the stable strategy — the best strategy for the individual coincides with that for the group in this case .
The game theorist Robert Aumann has developed a comprehensive theory of repeated games based on the prisoner 's dilemma , and received the 2005 Nobel Prize in Economics for his efforts .
While Ostrom did use Aumann 's theory to interpret her case studies , her work also showed that game theoretical models needed to be refined to capture the nuances of human interactions .
In a series of laboratory experiments Ostrom asked volunteers to play cooperative games , which involved contributing to a common pool to reap individual benefits .
An important , though perhaps unsurprising , lesson from these experiments was that human behaviour is not as rational as game theory has traditionally assumed .
One of Ostrom 's innovations , inspired by the results of her case studies , was to introduce scope for punishment into the experimental games .
Her results , supported by those of other experimentalists who built on her work , suggest that people gain intrinsic , if not to say irrational , pleasure from dishing out punishments to others , even when punishing others comes at a cost to themselves .
Symbolic sanctions turned out to be just as effective as material ones , suggesting that it 's fear of public shame , rather than financial loss , that makes punishment work .
Game theorists responded eagerly to these results , and a wide range of more sophisticated mathematical models , many based on the classic prisoner 's dilemma , have been developed since .
Overall , Ostrom 's results have inspired a wealth of research into human cooperation , not only in game theory , but also in social economics and evolutionary biology .
Oliver Williamson .
( Steve McConnell / NewsCenter photo )
Big versus small
Cooperation and conflict resolution also play an important role in Oliver Williamson 's work .
Williamson 's central question was why some businesses band together into hierarchical firms which incorporate a whole range of production stages , while others remain independent and focus on providing just one particular good or service .
Obvious advantages of large firms are that within a firm there is no costly haggling or squabbling over contracts , and that conflicts between departments can be resolved by a higher authority .
The advantages of an independent business , on the other hand , are that the administrational baggage is relatively small , and that there is a smaller risk of managers abusing their power than in a large hierarchical structure .
Clearly no set of advantages outweighs the other , since both large corporations and independent businesses exist in the market .
Williamson realised that the answer to his question hinges on the degree of mutual dependence between buyer and seller , as well as on the ease with which contracts can be negotiated .
If this mutual dependence is strong , for example if it is difficult to find another buyer or seller should a deal fall through , then the tendency is for the partners to band together into a larger firm , with the bigger organisation integrating the smaller one in a hierarchical structure .
Similarly , if the complexity of the business or uncertainties in the markets make it difficult to come up with contracts that are satisfactory for both parties , then the parties are better off within the same firm , as the costly negotiations can then be eliminated .
If , on the other hand , contracts are simple and straightforward and there is plenty of competition around , the market alone will work efficiently and larger firms are n't needed and are less likely to evolve .
Conflict resolution can be easier in firms than in the market .
Williamson built an extensive theory on these ideas , which has since been supported by strong evidence from real life markets .
A study of coal mines and coal burning power plants , for example , has shown that these are much more likely to be commonly owned if they are mutually dependent because other mines and power plants are too far away to compete .
The theory has also influenced US policy on company mergers : while these were traditionally seen purely as an attempt to dominate the market , it is now recognised that they often occur for reasons of efficiency , to cut out difficult contract negotiations or eliminate uncertainties .
Like Ostrom , Williamson 's work is not mathematical , but here too the mathematical treatment soon followed .
When conflicts arise within firms , much hinges on the reputation and integrity of an arbitrating manager , and mathematicians have used repeated games , where a manager 's reputation can change from round to round in response to previous actions , to model conflict resolution in this context .
On the markets , negotiations are often complicated by a lack of transparency , with both parties keeping their cards close to their chests , strategic posturing , like issuing empty threats or promises , and uncertainties in the markets , for example about the future price of commodities .
Game theoretic models of situations where players have incomplete or asymmetric information have taken a long time to develop , but inspired by Williamson 's work there are now several extensive models of bargaining and contract negotiations .
So it seems that the award of this year 's Nobel Prize in Economics not only carries a message about the relationship between economics and the markets , but also one about economics and mathematics .
While mathematical models have been invaluable in economics , economics cannot live on maths alone .
Any mathematical model is only as good as its assumptions , and these need to be constantly refined by insights that come from careful observation of the real world .
Ostrom and Williamson have been honoured for providing such deep insights .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Thursday that a large Iranian weapons shipment that Israel seized on Wednesday – and alleges was destined for Hezbollah militants in southern Lebanon – constituted a " war crime . "
He said the United Nations Security Council should convene a special session to discuss the issue .
" The bulk of the shipment included rockets whose aim is to hurt our citizens and kill as many civilians as possible , '' Prime Minister Netanyahu charged in a press conference .
Iran and Syria said there was no weapons shipment , and Hezbollah said whatever the cargo , it was not intended for them .
Israel seized the German - owned freighter Francorp in international waters near Cyprus after it had departed Iran , transited the Suez Canal , and made a brief stop in Egypt .
The Israeli navy said it found 500 tons of Katyusha rockets , mortars , bullets , and grenades in containers belonging to an Iranian shipping line , and said the ship 's manifest indicated the cargo was destined for Syria .
Both Iran and Syria have supplied arms to Hezbollah in the past .
UN Security Council Resolution 1747 does forbid Iran from selling arms : " Iran shall not supply , sell , or transfer directly or indirectly
from its territory or by its nationals or using its flag vessels or aircraft any arms or related materiel , and that all States shall prohibit the procurement of such items from Iran by their nationals . "
But Israel offered no proof for its contention that their ultimate destination was the hands of Hezbollah , which fought a brief war against Israeli forces in southern Lebanon in 2006 .
That war ended with a cease - fire monitored by the UN Interim Force in Lebanon ( UNIFIL ) , which is charged with interdicting arms shipments in Lebanese territorial waters and inside the country .
A UNIFIL spokesman said the group considered the charge the weapons were destined for Hezbollah as yet " unproven . "
Israel has , on a number of occasions in the past few years , hinted that it would be willing to unilaterally attack Iran 's nuclear sites if it grows convinced that Tehran 's nuclear program cannot be curtailed by other means .
Iran , which has only a small number of missiles with sufficient range to strike out at Israel , has cultivated ties with Hezbollah – fellow Shiites – in the past decade , and security analysts say it sees the threat the militant group poses to northern Israel as part of its deterrent against an Israeli attack .
Israel 's Haaretz newspaper reported that the " Foreign Ministry issued a document to Israeli embassies and consulates around the world on Wednesday , instructing diplomats to utilize Israel 's seizure of the ship to direct international pressure toward Iran . "
Netanyahu made clear in his comments on Thursday that Israel wants the focus to be on Iran , which has been threatened with new sanctions by President Barack Obama if progress is n't made in curtailing the growth of its nuclear program by the end of the year .
Israel alleges Iran is seeking to build a nuclear bomb , something which it argues would pose an existential threat .
" This is a war crime which Iran intends to commit again in the future , '' Netanyahu told reporters at army headquarters .
" The international community should be focusing on this , but instead , the world condemns Israel and the Israel Defense Forces and undermines our right to self defense . "
Netanyahu was referring to the Goldstone report , which was debated at the UN General Assembly on Wednesday .
That investigation of Israel 's war against Hamas in the Gaza strip last year found that both Israel and Hamas were probably guilty of war crimes in the conflict , which claimed the lives of 13 Israelis and more than 1,400 Palestinians .
Israel has angrily rejected charges of war crimes and refused to participate in the investigation , preventing the Jewish South African jurist Goldstone and his team from conducting work in Israel or the occupied West Bank .
The largest rockets reported seized from the Francorp shipment were 122 - millimeter Katyushas , which have a range of about 20 miles .
What impact the shipment , even if intended for Hezbollah , would have on the security situation is unclear , since Israeli President Shimon Peres alleged in August that Hezbollah had rebuilt its stockpile , following its 2006 war with Israel , to include 80,000 rockets – more than it had at the time of the conflict .
During that conflict , 44 Israeli civilians were killed by Hezbollah rocket fire in northern Israel .
Lebanon said that about 1,100 of its civilians died in the conflict .
Submitted by dukeleto on Tue , 10/20/2009 - 20:36
On behalf of the entire Parrot team , I 'm proud to announce Parrot 1.7.0
" African Grey . "
Parrot is a virtual machine aimed at running all dynamic languages .
Come , let us hasten to a higher plane
Where dyads tread the fairy fields of Venn ,
Their indices bedecked from one to ''n ''
Commingled in an endless Markov chain !
Where dyads tread the fairy fields of Venn , Their indices bedecked from one to ''n ''
Commingled in an endless Markov chain !
I 'll grant thee random access to my heart ,
Thou 'lt tell me all the constants of thy love ;
And so we two shall all love 's lemmas prove ,
And in our bound partition never part .
Thou 'lt tell me all the constants of thy love ;
And so we two shall all love 's lemmas prove , And in our bound partition never part .
Cancel me not — for what then shall remain ?
Abscissas some mantissas , modules , modes ,
A root or two , a torus and a node :
The inverse of my verse , a null domain .
-- Stanisław Lem , Love and Tensor Algebra
Parrot 1.7.0 is available on Parrot 's FTP site , or follow the download
instructions .
For those who would like to develop on Parrot , or help
develop Parrot itself , we recommend using Subversion on
our source code repository to get the latest and best Parrot code .
New in 1.7.0
- Functionality + Parrot_capture_lex has been added to the PARROT_EXPORT API + PARROT_MAX_ARGS has been increased from 8 to 16 to allow for ops that take more than 8 args - Performance +
The profiling runcore now caches metadata for improved performance - Maintenance and cleanup +
Expanded the Parrot debugger documentation +
Parrot debugger now uses the new Parrot STRING API +
Continue to port rest of internals to use the STRING API - Deprecations +
The JIT subsystem has been removed and is being written from the ground up .
More information can be found at https://trac.parrot.org/parrot/wiki/JITRewrite +
Implicit optional named parameters ( eligible in 2.1 ) + Continuation - based ExceptionHandlers ( eligible in 2.1 ) +
Use of undocumented variables in class_init ( eligible in 2.1 ) + Parrot_oo_get_namespace ( eligible in 2.1 ) - Bugfix +
Improved line number tracking in IMCC - Tests +
Converted many more Perl 5 tests to PIR +
Expanded test coverage of the CallSignature , Namespace , FixedPMCArray , ResizeableIntegerArray and ExceptionHandler PMCs
Happy Hacking !
This guest post was written by Nea , author of Self Improvement Saga .
A common misconception I ’ve heard repeated over and over is that positive thinking depends on one ’s ability to “ fool the mind ” into believing something is better than it actually is .
For those who hold this belief , positive thinking may seem like a bunch of hogwash .
After all , who wants to waste time with self - induced brainwashing ?
If positive thinking was nothing more than a ploy to pull the wool over your own eyes , I would n’t bother .
But it is so much more .
So I want to share some facts about the value of deliberately guiding your thoughts and the best way to do so successfully .
What positive thinking is all about
Positive thinking means choosing thoughts that feel good rather than allowing outside elements to control the caliber of our thoughts .
It ’s about choosing to look at life experiences from a pleasant perspective and harnessing our power to seize the best in any circumstance .
There are always flowers for those who want to see them .
– Henri Matisse
What positive thinking is not
Brainwashing is defined as “ a forcible indoctrination to induce someone to give up basic political , social , or religious beliefs and attitudes and to accept contrasting regimented ideas . ”
Unlike brainwashing , having a positive outlook should never make you feel like you ’re forcing yourself to believe lies or to give up ideas that are important to you .
The purpose of positive thinking is not to distract you from the truth , but to refocus your attention on beautiful truths that you may often take for granted .
How to effectively apply positive thinking
Our lives are filled with a variety of experiences , circumstances , people and things .
Some trigger pleasing thoughts and feelings within us while others set off a downward spiral of negativity .
You may be wondering how positive thinking can be implemented when faced with something that is undeniably negative .
There are two basic options : focus elsewhere or focus differently .
1. Focus elsewhere when you ’re able
Focusing elsewhere means you take your attention from the troubling subject to something that feels better .
There are times when this is clearly the best choice .
Here ’s an example :
You ’re with a group of people who are discussing political hot topics .
The discussion gets extremely heated as everyone defends their views on abortion , health care , prayer in schools , gay marriage , immigration and even President Obama ’s Nobel Peace Prize win .
The tension gets high and the words get ugly .
You feel yourself becoming extremely angry and frustrated with some of the outrageous comments , personal jabs , senseless views and put downs .
In such a situation , you may simply decide not to be a part of the conversation .
Sure , others may take offense or respond negatively if you walk away .
So what !
What ’s more important ?
Doing what others think you should or doing what you know is best for you ?
Bottom line :
If you ca n’t change the subject of discussion , just leave the room and find something else to do .
Your attention to political differences is unlikely to change someone else ’s mind .
So , why bother with something unnecessarily distressing when you can put your focus and energy elsewhere ?
2. Focus differently when you ca n’t escape the situation
Although it ’s not always possible to avoid an unpleasant experience , we can decide to bring our conscious awareness to a different aspect of it .
In other words , we can focus differently .
You do n’t have to focus on the clouds just because it ’s a rainy day .
You can focus on what the weather was like yesterday or on the day of your wedding or at some other time when you felt it was ideal .
You can even focus on the benefits of the rain and all the purposes it serves .
The flowers , grass and trees are surely pleased to have their thirst quenched .
If you lose your hearing , you can waste your life away feeling sad about the sounds that you ’re missing out on .
Or you can celebrate the heightened state of your other senses .
You can appreciate and follow in the footsteps of Ludwig Beethoven , Marlee Matlin , Thomas Edison , Helen Keller and other famous hearing impaired people who achieved great success because they did n’t let their disabilities foil their outlook on the possibilities that lay before them .
Neither positive nor negative thoughts will spontaneously restore your hearing , but one type of thought leads to healthy living , while the other encourages endless misery .
A real world example of positive thinking
Positive thinking is most effective when you choose thoughts that your mind easily accepts as reasonable .
Hearing loss is a bit extreme , so how about a more practical example for using positive thinking in everyday life ?
Let ’s say your car breaks down .
It is unlikely that any thought will change the fact that the car is n’t working .
So while you could try to imagine that it ’s running perfectly , it is n’t a very productive practice unless you have magical genie powers .
So as you put the key in the ignition and notice that the car wo n’t start , you can be angry , anxious and sad as you focus on how terrible it is that your car is broken .
You can gripe about the money it will cost , the time it will take , the inconvenience it will cause .
You can go on and on like this until you ’ve taken on enough stress to raise your blood pressure to stroke level .
None of these thoughts will change the situation , but they will ensure that you feel horrible .
On the other hand , you could choose to think of the sexy ( or skilled or nice ) mechanic who will get you back on the road .
You can think of how reliable the car has been up to this point , the games you can play on your cell phone as you wait for a tow truck , or the funny hat that the lady is wearing in the car next to you .
None of this changes the fact that the car is not working , but at least you ’re choosing to think in a way that is likely to attract an unexpected opportunity rather than a massive coronary .
Conclusion
You see , positive thinking is not about fooling yourself .
It ’s about changing your outlook to a different side of reality .
As an avid believer in the Law of Attraction , I apply positive thinking to almost everything .
Notice I said almost , because I have my down - in - the - dumps moments like everyone else .
So , what about you ?
When you ’re faced with something upsetting , do you find comfort in guiding your thoughts to a more positive outlook ?
If not , why not ?
Nea is the author of the Self Improvement Saga , a blog where she shares her passion for writing and personal development .
Her goal is to help others manifest improvements in both their daily lives and relationships .
If you enjoyed this post then consider subscribing to her RSS feed .
Seoul –
For half a century , a dark tunnel of crumbling concrete encased more than three miles of a placid stream bisecting this bustling city …
The waterway had been a centerpiece of Seoul since a king of the Choson Dynasty selected the new capital 600 years ago , enticed by the graceful meandering of the stream and its 23 tributaries .
But in the industrial era after the Korean War , the stream , by then a rank open sewer , was entombed by pavement and forgotten beneath a lacework of elevated expressways as the city ’s population swelled toward 10 million .
Today , after a $ 384 million recovery project , the stream , called Cheonggyecheon , is liberated from its dank sheath and burbles between reedy banks .
Picnickers cool their bare feet in its filtered water , and carp swim in its tranquil pools .
The restoration of the Cheonggyecheon is part of an expanding environmental effort in cities around the world to “ daylight ” rivers and streams by peeling back pavement that was built to bolster commerce and serve automobile traffic decades ago …
Cities from Singapore to San Antonio have been resuscitating rivers and turning storm drains into streams .
In Los Angeles , residents ’ groups and some elected officials are looking anew at buried or concrete - lined creeks as assets instead of inconveniences , inspired partly by Seoul ’s example …
Environmentalists point out other benefits .
Open watercourses handle flooding rains better than buried sewers do , a big consideration as global warming leads to heavier downpours .
The streams also tend to cool areas overheated by sun-baked asphalt and to nourish greenery that lures wildlife as well as pedestrians …
“ We ’ve basically gone from a car - oriented city to a human - oriented city , ” said Lee In - keun , Seoul ’s assistant mayor for infrastructure , who has been invited to places as distant as Los Angeles to describe the project to other urban planners .
Who knows ?
One of these centuries we may conclude that people are more important than profits , homes outrank highways , a healthy reflection upon life and living might be more meaningful than some beancounter ’s favorite time clock ?
Feminists Deny Truth on Domestic Violence
In the last three decades , feminism has revolutionized daily life from the legal system and social mores down to the story books children use in kindergarten .
Feminist discussion seems to be ' always ' and ' everywhere ' .
But I believe the contrary is true .
Genuine discussion of feminist issues ended in the 1970s when one school came to dominate and moved to silence competing views both within the movement and outside .
Politically correct feminists maintain that women as a class are politically oppressed by men as a class , which means that every woman is oppressed by every man .
Class oppression is the ideological lens through which PC feminism views all issues .
Tammy Bruce 's book " The New Thought Police " ( 2001 ) received media buzz as a former insider 's expose of how PC feminists smear their intellectual opponents in an attempt to silence and discredit them .
For example , Bruce described how PC feminists led a campaign of defamation against the conservative Dr. Laura Schlessinger by misrepresenting her as homophobic .
Joan Garry , executive director of the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation , was quoted as saying , " If she can't be controlled , she must be stopped . "
The PC treatment of heretics within feminism has been no less brutal .
Indeed , heretics are commonly reviled more than infidels .
Consider Erin Pizzey .
In 1971 , Pizzey opened the first battered wives shelter in England , which she ran until 1982 .
Arguably , the Chiswick Family Rescue was the second domestic violence shelter in the world .
Pizzey 's book " Scream Quietly or the Neighbours Will Hear " ( 1974 , out of print ) was one of the first to explore and expose wife battering .
Today , the shelter Pizzey founded denies her entry ; her name does not appear in its official history .
Pizzey's ' mistake ' was to diverge from the theory of domestic violence that feminists at the time insisted dominate all discussion .
She believed that men could also be the victims of domestic violence , and that women could be as violent toward their partners as men .
Pizzey 's views put her on a collision course with PC feminists who , according to Pizzey 's own published account of events , initiated a campaign of harassment and violence against her .
Pizzey described this harassment in an article she published in the Scotsman in 1999 .
" Because of my opposition to the hijacking of the refuge movement , I was a target for abuse .
Anywhere I spoke there was a contingent of screaming , heckling feminists waiting for me , " Pizzey wrote .
" Abusive telephone calls to my home , death threats and bomb scares , became a way of living for me and for my family .
Finally , the bomb squad , asked me to have all my mail delivered to their head quarters . "
One night , the family dog was killed .
Eventually , " exhausted and disillusioned , " Pizzey said she went into " exile with her children and grandchildren , " leaving England in 1982 to live in Santa Fe , New Mexico .
Pizzey returned to England that same year for the book tour of her next book , " Prone to Violence , " which once again ignited a violent reaction among feminists .
Pizzey wrote that when she arrived in England for her book tour , she was " met with a solid wall of feminist demonstrators " carrying signs that read " ALL MEN ARE RAPISTS , ALL MEN ARE BATTERERS . "
" The police insisted that I have an escort all round England for my book tour , " Pizzey wrote in the Scotsman .
There is some reason to believe that " Prone to Violence " has been the target of a campaign of suppression by PC feminists .
According to the web site Wikepedia , in 1996 an internet search of the world libraries that can be accessed through the Library of Congress uncovered only 13 listings for the book : an astonishingly low number for a pioneering work that caused a sensation .
Why would PC feminists nearly riot over a book and , then , ignore it ?
Because Pizzey advanced a competing theory of domestic violence .
When viewed through the PC lens of class oppression , domestic violence is not an act of violence committed by one individual against another .
It is an act committed by men that must be correctly understood within the larger context of women 's class oppression .
" Prone to Violence " spelled out some of Pizzey 's disagreements with that view .
Disagreement # 1 : Of the first 100 women who entered Chiswick , Pizzey found that over 60 percent were as violent or more violent than the men they were fleeing .
In short , a significant percentage of the women were also batterers or otherwise active participants in the violence .
Disagreement # 2 : Pizzey developed the theory that many battered women were psychologically drawn to abusive relationships and they sought them out .
To PC feminists , such analysis was tantamount to ' blaming the victim . '
Disagreement # 3 : She explained why the existing model of domestic violence shelters was ineffective .
PC feminists were attempting then ( and now ) to secure ever greater financing for these operations .
Sandra Horley , director of Chiswick in 1992 , reportedly complained , " if we put across this idea that the abuse of men is as great as the abuse of women , then it could seriously affect our funding . "
Pizzey may or may not have been correct ; I believe she was and is .
Neverthless , her book drew upon over 10 years at the Chiswick shelter during which time Pizzey dealt with some 5,000 women and children .
" Prone to Violence " is an extremely early and honest overview of domestic violence from a woman with extensive experience of its daily realities .
The book cried out to be taken seriously .
At minimum , it deserved a thorough rebuttal from its PC feminist critics -- not death threats directed at its author nor the ultimate silence it received .
Pizzey is not alone .
In America , Suzanne Steinmetz -- author of the book " The Battered Husband " and a co-author of the much - cited " First National Family Violence Survey " -- experienced a similar drama .
She and her children received death threats ; an ACLU meeting at which she spoke received a bomb threat .
The reason : her research indicated that the rate at which men were victimized by domestic violence was similar to the rate for women .
In large and small ways -- from shrill protests to the tearing down of announcements , from blocking university promotions to threats and defamation -- PC feminism has attempted to stop voices it could not control .
Feminism is dying not from a backlash but from an orthodoxy that cannot tolerate real discussion ... and never could .
Videos shows - video diaries them building the base - the initial attack by Taliban - view from Talibans side - Apache FLIR footage2 videos ( ABC / CBS ) combined into one and the second one starts at about 3:07 with soldiers who died in the battle sharing their video diaries days before the battle as they build it .
I do n't know what the commanders were thinking building a base in that soup bowl down there , amazingly they never infiltrated the base and were kept at bay although at a loss of 9 U.S. Soldiers .
The Apache support above was great as you can see from some of the footage , the Taliban stand out like a bright like on the FLIR vision so they are easy to pick off but the pilot said it all at the end when he flies over the mountain top part where all the soldiers are lying dead .
I cannot seem to find this video yet and it might still be buried deep in those Islamic forums yet to be released fully .--------------------It was one of the deadliest attacks of the war for U.S. forces in Afghanistan .
The target : a remote U.S. outpost in Wanat , Nuristan .
The date : July 13 , 2008 .
ABC
News has obtained a view of the battle unseen until now : the attack , filmed by the Taliban as they assaulted the base .
The exclusive video of the attack was obtained via the NEFA Foundation .
The video begins by showing Taliban fighters walking on a mountain path .
They appear relaxed and comfortable , walking through the area armed but unchallenged .
They are heard chatting calmly on their radios .
About half a million people in England and Wales a year are having to pay £ 23 each for basic criminal record checks before wary employers consider offering them a job .
The government was accused of allowing employers to introduce a vetting system " by the back door " without appropriate legislation .
Figures released under the Freedom of Information
Act show a massive rise in people applying for a " basic disclosure " check which shows whether they have any unspent convictions on their police file .
The number of disclosures carried out in England and Wales rose from 77,504 in 2003 to 443,413 in 2008 and more than half a million people are expected to apply this year .
Although the government introduced legislation in 1997 that established the Criminal Records Bureau ( CRB ) and allowed employers to carry out standard or enhanced checks on those applying to work with children , it never implemented legislation that would allow people to request basic disclosures .
As a result , employers in England and Wales are demanding potential employees pay to obtain disclosures from the CRB 's equivalent in Scotland .
Chris Huhne , the Liberal Democrat shadow home secretary , said that with no legislative basis this was " an affront to civil liberties " .
The CRB said it was planning a basic disclosure service .
Oprah Winfrey ’s getting her kink on with a steamy new cable series about a sexually curious LA housewife .
TV ’s touchy - feely daytime queen will get down and dirty with the HBO series , which revolves around a married woman who suddenly leaves her husband and kids to act out her secret fantasies in LA ’s seamy underbelly , according to Variety .
The news comes just days after Winfrey announced she ’s leaving her top-rated “ Oprah Winfrey Show ” in 2011 after 25 years to focus on her new cable network — and endeavors like this one , taking her far afield from her goody - goody daytime image .
The HBO series ( no title yet ) will be produced by Winfrey ’s Harpo Productions and is being written by Erin Cressida Wilson — who penned the 2002 steamfest “ Secretary , ” about an S&M relationship between a lawyer ( James Spader ) and his secretary ( Maggie Gyllenhaal ) .
“ It ’s a very erotic mystery about . . . a woman and her secret desires that are , in fact , rather pure , ” Wilson told The Post yesterday .
“ She acts out in pretty extraordinary ways .
It ’s all about an unfolding mystery . ”
Wilson said the lead character , Georgia , has “ something boiling up in her ” when she decides to chuck her suburban existence and embrace her funky new life .
“ It just happens and she splits .
It may be shocking to her , but the table has been set for a long time , ” said Wilson , who also wrote “ Fur ” ( starring Nicole Kidman ) and indie fave “ Chloe ” ( Liam Neeson / Julianne Moore ) .
The upcoming HBO series will be “ erotic , ” Wilson said .
“ The language I write is often erotic , so there ’s no question [ the HBO series ] will be erotic — even when there ’s no sex involved , ” she said .
“ There ’s nothing gratuitous . ”
She also said there are some parallels between the HBO series and “ Secretary . ”
“ I would say in terms of creating eroticism that is integrated into the psychology of the lead character and the story , yes , there are similarities , ” she said .
“ I think the woman ’s sexuality and sensuality in ‘ Secretary ’ — both her fragility and her strength — are central to Georgia ’s character [ in the HBO series ] , as well .
“ Georgia will embrace darkness with a joyful spirit . ”
The series is part of Winfrey ’s production deal with HBO , which also includes the miniseries “ Ida Tarbell , ” about the real - life muckraking journalist .
Officials at Harpo referred all calls to HBO , which had no comment yesterday .
michael.starr@nypost.com
In this post I want to put down some thoughts around using named graphs to manage and query RDF datasets .
This thinking is prompted is in large part by thinking how best to use Named Graphs to support publishing of Linked Data , but also most recently by the first Working Drafts drafts of SPARQL 1.1 .
While the notion of named graphs for RDF has been around for many years now , the closest they have come to being standardised as a feature is through the SPARQL 1.0 specification which refers to named graphs in its specification of the dataset for a SPARQL query .
SPARQL 1.1 expands on this , explaining how named graphs may be used in SPARQL Update , and also as part of the new Uniform HTTP Protocol for Managing RDF Graphs document .
Named graphs are an increasingly important feature of RDF triplestores and are very relevant to the notion of publishing Linked Data , so their use and specification does bear some additional analysis .
What Are Named Graphs ?
Named Graphs turn the RDF triple model into a quad model by extending a triple to include an additional item of information .
This extra piece of information takes the form of a URI which provides some additional context to the triple with which it is associated , providing an extra degree of freedom when it comes to managing RDF data .
The ability to group triples around a URI underlies features such as :
Tracking provenance of RDF data — here the extra URI is used to track the source of the data ; especially useful for web crawling scenarios
— here the extra URI is used to track the source of the data ; especially useful for web crawling scenarios Replication of RDF graphs — triples are grouped into sets , labelled by a URI , that may then be separately exchanged and replicated
— triples are grouped into sets , labelled by a URI , that may then be separately exchanged and replicated Managing RDF datasets — here the set of triples may be an entire RDF dataset , e.g. all of dbpedia , or all of musicbrainz , making it easier to identify and query subsets within an aggregation
— here the set of triples may be an entire RDF dataset , e.g. all of dbpedia , or all of musicbrainz , making it easier to identify and query subsets within an aggregation Versioning — the URI identifies a set of triples , and that URI may be separately described , e.g. to capture the creation & modification dates of the triples in that set , who performed the change , etc .
— the URI identifies a set of triples , and that URI may be separately described , e.g. to capture the creation & modification dates of the triples in that set , who performed the change , etc. Access Control — by identifying sets of triples we can then record access control related metadata
… and many more .
There ’s some useful background available on Named Graphs in general in a paper about NG4J , and specifically on their use in OpenAnzo .
Clearly there ’s some degree of overlap between these different approaches , but then you ’d expect that given that they ’re all built on what is a fairly simple extension to the RDF model .
Two of the key differentiators are :
Granularity : i.e. does the named graph relate to a discrete identifiable subset of a dataset , e.g. every statement about a specific resource , or does it identify the dataset itself , e.g. dbpedia
Concrete - ness : do the named graphs relate to how the data is actually being managed or stored ; or does it instead reflect some other useful partitioning of the data ?
One of the nice things about the simplicity of Named Graphs is that you can do so many things with that extra degree of freedom , i.e. by managing quads rather than triples .
Exchanging Named Graphs
Clearly if we ’re working with Named Graphs then it would be useful if there were a way to exchange them .
Being able to serialize RDF quads would allow a complete Named Graph to be transferred between stores .
Actually , for some uses of Named Graphs this may not be required .
For example if I ’m using Named Graphs to as a means to track which triples came from which URIs during a web crawl I only need to serialize the quads if I decide to move data between the stores , not as part of the basic functionality .
Unsurprisingly none of the standard RDF vocabularies are capable of serializing Named Graphs , however there are two serializations that have been developed to support their interchange : TriG and TriX .
TriG is a plain text format , which is a variant of Turtle , while TriX is a highly normalized XML format for RDF that includes the ability to name graphs .
Named Graphs in SPARQL 1.0
Lets look at how Named Graphs are used in SPARQL 1.0 and in the SPARQL 1.1 drafts .
SPARQL 1.0 explains that a query executes against an RDF Dataset which “ … represents a collection of graphs .
An RDF Dataset comprises one graph , the default graph , which does not have a name , and zero or more named graphs , where each named graph is identified by an IRI .
A SPARQL query can match different parts of the query pattern against different graphs “ .
In practice one uses the FROM and FROM NAMED clauses to identify the default and named graphs , and the GRAPH keyword to apply triple pattern matches to specific graphs .
There ’s a few things to observe here already , some of which are consequences of the above , some from wording in the SPARQL protocol :
A SPARQL endpoint may not support Named Graphs at all
A SPARQL endpoint may let you define an arbitrary dataset for your query .
Some open endpoints will fetch data by dereferencing the URIs mentioned in the FROM / FROM NAMED clause but thats quite rare ; mainly because of efficiency , cost , and security reasons .
A SPARQL endpoint may not let you define the dataset for your query , i.e. it might use a fixed dataset scoped to some backing store .
Any definition of the dataset in the protocol request or query is either optional , or must match the definition of the endpoint
A SPARQL endpoint may let you define the default graph to be used in a query , but may not be willing / able to do arbitrary graph merges .
For example in an endpoint containing dbpedia and geonames , you might be able to select FROM one of them , but not both .
A SPARQL endpoint may be backed by a triple store that is organized around the model of an RDF Dataset , and therefore has a fixed default graph and any number of multiple named graphs .
This limits flexibility of constructing the dataset for a query , as it is fixed by the underlying storage model .
A SPARQL endpoint may let you query graphs that do n’t physically exist in the underlying tripestore .
Such a synthetic graph may be , for example , the merge of all Named Graphs in the triple store .
There may be other variations , but I ’m aware of implementations and endpoints that exhibit each of those outlined above .
The important thing to realise is that while SPARQL does n’t place any restrictions on how you use named graphs , implementation decisions of the endpoint and / or the underlying triple store may place some limits on how they can be used in queries .
The other important point to draw out is that the set of named graphs exposed through a SPARQL query interface may be different than the set of named graphs managed in the backing storage .
This is most obvious in the case of synthetic graphs .
Synthetic graphs are a very useful feature as they can provide some useful abstraction over how the underlying data is managed and how it is queried .
For example , one might use a large number of separate named graphs when managing data , thereby making it easy to merge and manage data from different sources ( e.g. a web crawl ) .
Some applications use thousands of very small Named Graphs simply because they ’re easier to manage .
By using a synthetic graph which exposes all of the data through a SPARQL endpoint as if it were in fact in a single graph , then its possible to abstract over those details of storage .
There are a few stores that support this kind of technique , and it can be pushed further by making the definition of the synthetic graph more flexible , e.g. the set of all graphs that are valid for between particular dates , or the set of all graphs that are related by a specific URI pattern .
This approach can help abstract away management / modelling issues that are necessary for dealing with issues like versioning .
Named Graphs in SPARQL 1.1
Lets look at how SPARQL 1.1 might impact on the above scenarios .
I use “ might ” advisedly as its still early days , we ’ve only just had the first public Working Drafts and so the state of play might change .
Section 4.1 of the SPARQL 1.1 Update draft notes that :
If an update service is managing some graph store , then there is no presumption that this exactly corresponds to any RDF dataset offered by some query service .
The dataset of the query service may be formed from graphs managed by the update service but the dataset requested by the query can be a subset of the graphs in the update service dataset and the names of those graphs may be different .
The composition of the RDF dataset may also change .
So basically the set of RDF graphs exposed by an SPARQL 1.1 Update service may be disjoint from a Query service exposed by the same endpoint .
This will always be the case if the Query endpoint exposes any synthetic graphs .
These , presumably overlapping , sets make sense from the perspective of wanting some flexibility in how data is managed versus how it is queried .
Its likely that we ’ll see implementations offer a range of options with the most likely case being that the “ core ” set of graphs is identical , but that an additional set may be available for querying .
SPARQL 1.1 as it currently stands , includes an Uniform HTTP Protocol for Managing RDF Graphs .
I ’m very happy to see this and think that its an important part of the picture for publishing RDF data on the web in a RESTful way .
As part of the overall Linked Data message we ’ve been saying that “ your website is your API ” ; that by assigning clear stable URIs to things in your system and then exposing both human and machine - readable data at those URIs , then Linked Data just drops out of the design .
And this is also clearly a RESTful approach .
But to make things completely RESTful then we need to not only be able to read data from those URIs , we should be able to update the data at those URIs using the uniform protocol that HTTP defines .
I was always a little wary of SPARQL Update because it seemed like it might supplant a more RESTful option , but I ’m encouraged by the presence of this working draft that this wo n’t be the case .
But I do n’t think the draft goes far enough in a few places : I ’d like to have the ability to make changes to individual statements within a graph , as well as just whole graphs , using techniques like Changesets .
The draft currently does n’t get into the issues surrounding how URIs might be managed on a server , instead deferring that to the implementation .
But I think its an important topic to explore , so lets devote some time to it here .
Approaches to Managing Named Graphs on the Web
For the most part the mapping of graph management to the web is uncontroversial , the four HTTP verbs of GET , PUT , POST and DELETE have obvious and intuitive meanings .
Some of the subtleties arise out of issues such as how are URIs assigned to graphs , and what does that URI identify ?
Client Managed Graph Identifiers
There are two ways that URIs can be assigned to graphs managed in a networked store .
The first and simplest is that the client assigns all URIs .
To create a new graph and populate it with data , we just PUT to a new URI .
Starting from a base URI , distinct from any SPARQL endpoint the service might expose , the client can build out a URI space for the graphs but just PUTting to URIs .
In this scenario one really only needs GET , PUT , and DELETE .
POST does n’t have any clear role , but could be used to handle , e.g. submissions of Changesets .
Even with the simple style of client - side URIs for graphs , there ’s one wrinkle we need to address .
As I explained in the start of the post there may be several different reasons why someone is using Named Graphs .
Using the graph identifier to keep track of the source of the data is a fairly common requirement .
So this means you have several options for how URIs might be supplied :
/ graphs / abc — here the client is building out a collection of named graphs whose identifiers all share a common prefix , with each having a suffix .
We may end up with a relatively flat structure or a hierarchical one , e.g. / graphs / abc /123 .
There ’s no implicit requirement that graphs URIs that have a hierarchical arrangement have any formal relationship , but this does have the useful property that the URIs are hackable .
/ graphs / http://www.example.org/abc — this is similar to the above except the unique portion of each graph name is a complete URI .
This would probably need to be encoded but I ’ve omitted that for readability .
This approach is useful when using Named Graphs to track the source URI of a graph .
/ graphs?graph=http://www.example.org/abc — this is a variant of the second option but moving the graph identifier out into a parameter rather than allowing it to be put into the path info of the base URI .
I think typically the value of the parameter would be a full rather than a relative URI , but a server could support resolving URIs against a base .
Its clear that while Option 1 provides nice clean identifiers for graphs , ultimately its limiting for scenarios where the graph may have another “ natural ” identifier , e.g. its source .
for Options 2 & 3 we have to deal with URL encoding ( especially if the URI itself contains parameters ) .
Personally of the two alternate options I think 3 is nicer , if only aesthetically .
I ’m not aware of any problems or limitations with performing an HTTP PUT to a URI with parameters : it is the full Request URI , including any parameters , that identifies the resource being created or updated .
Server Assigned Graph Identifiers
A server managing Named Graphs may not allow clients to assign graph identifiers .
For example , the server may want to enforce a particular naming conventions for graphs .
This might also be useful for clients too , e.g. if they want to throw some data into a named graph as a scratch store .
What restrictions does this scenario apply ?
Firstly it would require the client to POST data to be stored to a generic graphs collection ( / graphs ) , the server would then determine the graph URI , and then return an HTTP 201 response with a Location header indicating where the client can find the data it has just stored .
This way the client would know whether to find the data and could then use further requests ( GET / PUT / POST/DELETE ) to manage it .
To support tracking of the source of a graph , one might allow a graph parameter to be added to the URI .
And , to avoid a client having to maintain a local mapping from the original graph UI to the stored alias , the server could store the value of the graph parameter as metadata associated with the graph it creates .
The server could support a GET request on / graphs ?
graph=X , returning a 302 redirect to the URI which is acting as a local alias for graph X .
The client could then PUT / POST / DELETE that resource .
If a client sent a repeated POST request , identifying the same graph URI , then the server could allow this , and return a 303 See Other response rather than a 201 .
Its also possible to support a hybrid approach in which a client may PUT to any URI with a base of / graphs but disallow use of graph ids that start with http :// .
For those URIs , the server could require that a client let it assign the id , supporting the graph parameter as described earlier in this section .
There ’s no right or wrong way here .
The differences fall out of the different ways we can map graph management onto the HTTP protocol .
While a lot is fixed ( methods , response codes and their semantics ) if we are aiming to be RESTful , there are still some degrees of freedom with which to play around with different mappings .
The SPARQL 1.1. uniform protocol specification does n’t address this , so perhaps there ’s room for the community to standardise best practices or conventions .
However I think it ’d be useful to at least see some informational text in the document .
Conclusions
Named Graphs are an important part of the overall technical framework for managing , publishing and querying RDF and Linked Data , and its important to understand the trade - offs in different approaches to using them .
Hopefully this document is a step in the right direction .
If anyone has any strong opinions on how they think Named Graphs should be managed RESTfully , then please feel free to comment on this posting .
I ’m very interested to hear your thoughts .
One thing that interests me is : how can we use Named Graphs to support publishing of Linked Data ?
That ’s something I ’ll follow up on in a separate post .
A commons is destroyed by uncontrolled use — neither intent of the user , nor ownership are important .
An example of uncontrolled use is when one can use land ( part of our commons ) any way one wants .
A " commons " is any resource used as though it belongs to all .
In other words , when anyone can use a shared resource simply because one wants or needs to use it , then one is using a commons .
For example , all land is part of our commons because it is a component of our life support and social systems .
The last couple days have been trying .
Friday I lost another of my friends from my Wall St days .
My views of the future are just too dissimilar from his own .
The conversation went something like this :
... truncated
Nate : William , do n't you realize that social equity and environmental health , both in US and globally is needed for our system to function ?
What is our government supposed to do ?
William :
Why is it sooo hard for people to believe they made a colossal mistake by electing this guy ?!
Nate :
Our problems of receding physical horizons , the disparity of the haves and have nots , and declining cheap resources per capita started long before Jan of 2009 .
We can no longer have sustained growth without borrowing from somewhere , or using less .
Who is going to give something up and / or where are we going to borrow from ?
William :
You live in the woods in 100 % white country , you are biased .
Come on nate , when all is said and done , there is 20 - 25 % of our population that can ’t / wont work .
You think they want more , I think they may want a little more , but not as much as you think .
You see a revolution of poor people … I see a revolution of rich people .
That , my friend , is a wash .
Simple summary … I think I am more passionate about keeping what I earned than the poor drunk on the corner who gets plenty of satisfaction from drinking and screwing ….
They want money , but they do n’t want to work .
It not only applies to urban folk …. i see it in the country .
My neighbors there only need food / livestock and ammo and they are fine .
Nate : I am not talking about these things as if I discovered them - there is a long history of sociopolitical concerns in the literature suggesting coming breaking points .
I 'm just trying to share the ideas with you .
I do n't expect you to agree necessarily but this is not some historical exercise - it 's happening in real time .
William : I agree with your general points , but your timing is WAY off .
These things could happen in 100 years , not in next 10 .
Adjustments have to be made , but instead of brainwashing people ( like the “ I pledge ” video ) we should be investing in massive changes in distribution systems , specifically for food .
There are areas still yet to be exploited Nate that even you cant conceive .
You and I see the same blood coming from the cut on our leg , but I am reaching for a first aid kit as you reach for the hack saw .
Nate :
But what is the end game Will ?
Another billion ?
To leave to your children ?
Have you considered that there may not be a peaceful environment in which they could enjoy it ?
Have you considered that continually striving for more digital wealth is a message that would work for a smaller and smaller % each generation ?
Then what ?
Willian :
Your view of environmental and resource concerns , etc. is probably way overblown .
I work hard and get compensated for my efforts - whats the problem ?
You are increasingly sounding like Van Jones - am I supposed to just work harder so other people will benefit ?
Nate :
That 's a bit much .
Ok I 'll stop , but I do n't think we are speaking the same language anymore - we 'll just have to agree to disagree .
William : Goodbye .
This and similar conversations are frustrating .
It is a fine line to maintain relationships and maintain ones integrity .
But increasingly I see those who probably should be working towards the greatest change , resisting any change at all .
Among other things , I was reminded of the central essay by Garret Hardin of the Tragedy of the Commons .
Which led me to perusing Jay Hansons old writings from the late 1990s .
The below essays are not directly about sharing , or social equity , or limits to growth , but about a central concept to resource depletion : that of exploiting what we can for personal gain , at a loss to the overall system .
These 2 essays will be a springboard into next weeks Campfire on the coming changes in social ingroups / outgroups .
Tragedy of the Commons Re-stated by Jay Hanson -- 06/14/97 Original
" To the free man , the country is a collection of individuals who compose it ...
He recognizes no national goal except as it is the consensus of the goals that the citizens severally serve .
He recognizes no national purpose except as it is the consensus of the purposes for which the citizens severally strive . "
— Milton Friedman , CAPITALISM AND FREEDOM
" We may well call it ' the tragedy of the commons , ' using the word ' tragedy ' as the philosopher Whitehead used it : ' The essence of dramatic tragedy is not unhappiness .
It resides in the solemnity of the remorseless working of things . ' "
— Garrett Hardin , TRAGEDY OF THE COMMONS , As the 21st century races towards us like a huge wave on the horizon , we fear that we are not going to be able to ride this one out , that global currents will pull us to the bottom and tear us apart .
We look to our political leadership and see that it has been corrupted by freedom — everything is for sale — and all political decisions are reduced to economic ones .
In other words , we have no political system — no means to save ourselves — only an economic system ( one - dollar - one - vote ) .
In 1944 , 29 reindeer were moved to St. Matthew Island .
The reindeer thrived by " exploiting " ( making the best use of ) their rich " commons " .
The island had no natural predators to keep the reindeer population in check , so the population swelled to 6,000 animals during the next 19 years .
Suddenly the commons was depleted and the population crashed until only 42 animals remained alive !
The reindeer could have avoided the crash by keeping the population within the carrying capacity of the island , but reindeer politics could n't manage it , so naturally the population crashed .
In his 1968 classic , " Tragedy of the Commons " , Garrett Hardin illustrates why the reindeer crashed and why communities everywhere are headed for tragedy — it 's because freedom in the commons brings ruin to all : Visualize a pasture as a system that is open to everyone .
The carrying capacity of this pasture is 10 animals .
Ten herdsmen are each grazing an animal to fatten up for market .
In other words , the 10 animals are now consuming all the grass that the pasture can produce .
Harry ( one of the herdsmen ) will add one more animal to the pasture if he can make a profit .
He subtracts the original cost of the new animal from the expected sales price of the fattened animal and then considers the cost of the food .
Adding one more animal will mean less food for each of the present animals , but since Harry only has only 1/10 of the herd , he has to pay only 1/10 of the cost .
Harry decides to exploit the commons and the other herdsmen , so he adds an animal and takes a profit .
Shrinking profit margins force the other herdsmen either to go out of business or continue the exploitation by adding more animals .
This process of mutual exploitation continues until overgrazing and erosion destroy the pasture system , and all the herdsmen are driven out of business .
Most importantly , Hardin illustrates the critical flaw of freedom in the commons : all participants must agree to conserve the commons , but any one can force the destruction of the commons .
Although Hardin describes exploitation by humans in an unregulated public pasture , his commons and " grass " principle fit our entire society .
Private property is inextricably part of our commons because it is part of our life support and social systems .
Owners alter the emergent properties of our life support and social systems when they alter their land to " make a profit " — cover land with corn or concrete .
Neighborhoods , cities and states are commons in the sense that no one is denied entry .
Anyone may enter and lay claim to the common resources .
One can compare profits to Hardin's " grass " when any number of corporations — from anywhere in the world — drive down profits by competing with local businesses for customers .
One can see wages as Hardin's " grass " when any number of workers — from anywhere in the world — can enter our community and drive down wages by competing with local workers for jobs .
People themselves even become commons when they are exploited ( are made the best use of ) by other people and corporations .
Everywhere one looks , one sees the Tragedy of the Commons .
There is no technological solution to the problem of the commons , but governments can act to limit access to the commons , at which time they are no longer commons .
In the private - money based political system we have in America , everything ( including people ) becomes the commons because money is political power , and all political decisions are reduced to economic ones .
In other words , we have no political system , only an economic system — everything is for sale .
Thus , America is one big commons that will be exploited until it is destroyed .
Like the reindeer population on St. Matthew Island , our population will crash too .
Will the coming global currents will pull us to the bottom and tear us apart ?
Our only chance to avoid it is to invent a political system that money can't buy — and then limit freedom in the commons .
If we can't , we 're dead .
I thought I 'd include this related essay also from 1997 :
BAD DRIVES OUT GOOD
By Jay Hanson ( 8/1/97 )
" The aim of every political constitution is , or ought to be , first to obtain for rulers men who possess most wisdom to discern , and most virtue to pursue , the common good of the society ; and in the next place , to take the most effectual precautions for keeping them virtuous whilst they continue to hold their public trust . "
— James Madison , FEDERALIST # 57 ( 1787 ) " I see the White House is like a subway — you have to put in coins to open the gates . "
— Johnny Chung ( 1997 ) Systems that select for failure are often called Greshamite systems after the English financier Sir Thomas Gresham ( 1519 ? -1579 ) .
His name was given to Gresham ’s Law , the economic principle that " bad money drives out good .
"
When depreciated , mutilated , or debased ( bad ) money circulates concurrently with money of high value ( e.g. , silver or gold ) , the good money disappears because of hoarding .
As more and more people notice that good money is being hoarded , more and more good money is hoarded — runaway positive feedback .
Ultimately , the monetary system fails .
American Democracy can also be seen as a Greshamite system .
To understand why , first consider the theoretical premise of our political system : a government that is willing to act for the Common Good .
Next , consider two very different candidates for public office .
Ms. Honesty believes in the principle embodied in our Pledge of Allegiance " ... liberty and justice for all . "
If Honesty is elected , she will treat everyone fairly and pursue the Common Good .
Mr. Corruption is a good capitalist who is motivated to pursue his own private gain .
He has studied the system carefully and knows that he can gain political power by rewarding his friends and punishing his enemies .
Which of these candidates has the advantage ?
Obviously , Corruption has the advantage !
Here 's why : Mr. Jones is a local developer who has money , employees and influence .
Philosophically , he is an average , self - interested individual who was trained by television ( and to some extent by his family and formal education ) to consume as much as he can .
In fact , Jones ca n’t even remember ever hearing about public goods .
Will Mr. Jones contribute to Ms. Honesty ?
No , why should he ?
If she wins , Jones will receive justice and fairness from her anyway ( a public good ) .
If she loses , Jones will be punished by Mr. Corruption for helping her .
Will Mr. Jones contribute to Mr. Corruption ?
Yes , because Jones has been promised a change of zoning ( a private good ) so he can build his new gated community .
Jones writes a check for $ 2,000 to Mr. Corruption and has a few dozen employees volunteer to help out on Corruption ’s campaign .
American Democracy tends to elect politicians who are motivated to maximize their own private gain ( there are some rare exceptions ) .
Runaway positive feedback occurs as politicians need more and more money to run for public office .
As this process continues , more and more politicians are corrupt .
Bad drives out good and Corruption drives out Honesty .
To what end ?
In the end , we do not even have a political system ( one - person - one - vote ) , only an economic system ( one - dollar - one - vote ) .
" Public goods " are goods and services that can be shared by a whole group of people .
Some examples of public goods are national defense , police protection , government , and environmental services .
As a rule , government must provide public goods for two reasons : 1 . Private investors wo n't supply public goods because they can't make a profit on them .
2 . Voluntary efforts wo n't supply public goods because the voluntary contribution of any one person exceeds the services received by that person .
For example , suppose the cost of national defense to each taxpayer is worth the services each taxpayer receives .
But if the entire cost were spread out evenly among only those who will voluntarily pay , then the individual cost will exceed the individual services .
Thus , only government can supply a national defense through its taxing powers .
This same principle applies to voluntary efforts at cleaning roads , parks , and so on .
Voluntary efforts will ultimately fail because those who do n't contribute ( called " free riders " ) can use the services anyway .
So there is little incentive for volunteers to contribute over the long term .
Ultimately , volunteers will " burn out " .
[ Civic - minded citizens can even be seen as a form of corporate welfare !
Instead of corporations paying for their social and environmental destruction , civic - minded volunteers donate their own time and money to keep their communities together while CEOs give themselves million - dollar bonuses ! ]
" Private goods " are restricted goods .
A couple of examples of private goods are gated communities and toll roads ( only those who pay can enjoy the services ) .
America 's political system is based on private money : whoever can raise the most money usually wins .
Our private - money political system naturally exhibits a strong bias towards private goods — and private profits .
This bias towards private goods leads to less public infrastructure and more private infrastructure ( e.g. , private police , gated communities , etc. ) .
Unfortunately , this leads to a two class society : one with private infrastructure and one with no infrastructure ; and ultimately , these will lead to the disintegration of the state .
=========================================================================
Campfire Questions :
1 ) Its been over 40 years since Tragedy of the Commons appeared in Science .
What has changed to avert us from this tragedy in the meantime ?
What might be done to avert it in the future ?
2 ) Would awareness of a global commons , globally among every citizen , be enough to avert individual exploitation at a cost to the commons ?
3 ) As events surrounding the battle between fiat based and biophysical economics accelerate , how can well intentioned volunteers combat free riders without burning out ?
What is the natural institution that can effort the common good as opposed to special interests ?
Will Gresham 's Law apply to blogs and Peak Oil outreach ?
Papers published by the Foreign Office reveal the extent of Margaret Thatcher 's opposition to German unification .
As Brian Hanrahan reports , she had an ally in French President Francois Mitterrand , but was at odds with her own foreign secretary .
The fall of the Berlin wall was a moment that brought joy to much of the world , catapulting the issue of German re-unification onto the international agenda .
THATCHER - MITTERRAND MEETING
President Mitterrand [ said ] the sudden prospect of re-unification had delivered a sort of mental shock to the Germans - its effect had been to turn them once again into the bad Germans they used to be
From memo by Thatcher adviser Charles Powell on lunch with Francois Mitterrand , 20/01/90 Extract from German Unification 1989 - 1990 [ 2.12MB ]
Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here But both British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and France 's President Mitterrand were worried .
Mrs Thatcher feared that by joining East and West Germany , a greater German state would be created which would be too powerful .
From the very start she showed caution .
" We must be immensely grateful to those people behind the Iron Curtain who never lost their faith in liberty , " she said .
" But now it 's the hard work of building the democracy and then we have to see what happens . "
Mrs Thatcher 's foreign policy adviser , Charles Powell , recorded her belief that West Germany needed to be checked by its allies .
" The Prime Minister 's view is ... we do not want to wake up one morning and find that events have moved entirely beyond our control and that German re-unification is to all intents and purposes on us , " he wrote on 8 December 1989 .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
But Mrs
Thatcher , who was used to influencing European leaders , could not convince them of her position on re-unification , even though she argued that re-unification might weaken the Soviet leader , Mikhail Gorbachev .
Even her Foreign Secretary , Douglas Hurd , disagreed .
" My only real argument with her during the year that I was her foreign secretary was on the German question , where she certainly felt that the brakes should be applied , " Mr Hurd said .
" She felt that partly for reasons about Germany and partly because she felt we must not put Mr Gorbachev at risk . "
But the Foreign Office thought there was no hope of blocking Germany 's re-unification .
Thatcher ' isolated ' Although Mrs Thatcher bitterly resisted the advice , Mr Hurd gradually wore down her resistance .
Ten weeks later , he noted the following in his private diary after a meeting with Mrs Thatcher : " Usual diatribe against German selfishness , but the hankering to stop unification now comes less often . "
The West German Foreign Minister Hans Dietrich Genscher watched as Mrs Thatcher become more and more isolated .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" I personally had the impression that there were some differences between Mrs Thatcher and Douglas Hurd , " he says .
" He was very constructive and helpful . "
While France 's President Mitterrand told Mrs Thatcher he agreed with her , he was at a loss as to what they could do .
So Mr Mitterrand gave way gracefully as the German Chancellor Helmut Kohl pressed more forcefully for unification .
When Mr Powell visited West Germany , he wrote the following from Bonn , the capital : " They are in the driving seat and Toad is at the wheel .
The exhilaration is unmistakable .
The Germans ' moment has come : they are going to settle their destiny . "
Patrick Salmon , the Foreign Office historian who compiled the volume of papers published on Friday as German Unification 1989 - 1990 : Documents on British Policy Overseas Section III Volume VII , says Mrs Thatcher 's trenchant objections made little practical difference .
" I think you could say she was a very useful lightning conductor , because she was saying things that other people sometimes felt but did n't want to say , " he says .
But it was clear that nobody could resist the pressure for this new state .
German politicians could not , and neither could anybody else .
Germany was re-united within the year to popular acclaim .
Its capacity to sweep aside international objections was the first demonstration of its new - found strength .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Design Director of the Obama campaign has collaborated with artists and designers to create a book of art & design from the historic campaign .
( Update : Google has begun fixing the Usenet archive in response to this article )
Imagine a world where Google sucks .
It might seem a stretch .
The Google logo is practically an icon of functionality .
Google ’s search engine and other tools are the company ’s strongest , if unstated , argument in favor of the Google Books Settlement , which would give the internet the largest and most comprehensive library in history , at the cost of granting Google a de facto monopoly .
It ’s hard to imagine any company better equipped to scan , catalog and index millions of books than Google .
But a few geeks with long memories remember the last time Google assembled a giant library that promised to rescue orphaned content for future generations .
And the tattered remnants of that online archive are a cautionary tale in what happens when Google simply loses interest .
That library is Usenet , a vast internet - and dial - up - based message board system erected in 1980 .
Though moribund today , for decades Usenet was the paper of record for the online world , and its hundreds of millions of “ newsgroup ” postings chronicle everything from the birth of the web to the rise of Microsoft , as well as more trivial matters .
In February 2001 , Google rescued that history when it acquired the New York - based Deja.com , and with it a Usenet archive going back to 1995 .
It turned the archive into Google Groups , in a move that was cheered by net geeks who had seen Deja ’s reliability declining , and were certain that the supremely competent Google would save it .
“ Taking on Deja has to be considered an overwhelming accomplishment , ” wrote one Slashdot commenter .
“ There is simply no way for any other party to supersede this .
Essentially , Google has the Usenet Monopoly . ”
Later that year , Google deepened its archive with millions of posts that had been saved on aging magtape by a veteran Unix guru named Henry Spencer .
The combined archives gave Google a library of 700 million articles from 35,000 newsgroups , spanning two decades .
Salon hailed the accomplishment in an article headlined “ The geeks who saved Usenet . ”
“ Google gets the credit for making these relics of the early net accessible to anyone on the web , bringing the early history of Usenet to all . ”
Flash forward nearly eight years , and visiting Google Groups is like touring ancient ruins .
On the surface , it looks as clean and shiny as every other Google service , which makes its rotting interior all the more jarring — like visiting Disneyland and finding broken windows and graffiti on Main Street USA .
Searching within a newsgroup , even one with thousands of posts , produces no results at all .
Confining a search to a range of dates also fails silently , bulldozing the most obvious path to exploring an archive .
Want to find Marc Andreessen ’s historic March 14 , 1993 announcement in alt .
hypertext of the Mosaic web browser ?
“ Your search – mosaic – did not match any documents . ”
Flat searches of the entire archive still work , but they are n’t very useful : there are 1.42 million hits on “ mosaic . ”
The rise of Microsoft , the first Usenet review of the IBM PC in 1981 , early rumblings of a Y2 K problem in 1985 — it ’s all locked in Google Groups , virtually irretrievable if you do n’t already have a direct link .
“ The search results are extremely poor , ” says network pioneer Brad Templeton .
“ Like nobody cares . ”
Spencer , whose Usenet archive forms much of Google Groups , is troubled by the company ’s curatorship .
“ Google does get a lot of credit for putting it together and making it available , ” Spencer says .
“ But search capabilities are important for such a large collection of data .
The archive ’s value to the community is considerably reduced if it ’s not conveniently searchable . ”
A year after Slashdot called attention to the bugs , the problems with the archive not only have n’t been fixed , but they are n’t reflected in the Google Groups “ known issues ” page .
Asked if the bugs are documented anywhere , or if Google planned on repairing its library , a company spokesman was noncommittal .
“ We ’re aware of some problems with the way search is working in Google Groups , ” said Jason Freidenfelds , in an e-mail .
“ We ’re always working to improve our products . ”
Templeton , who helped Google compile an index of historically significant Usenet articles when it first launched its archive , thinks Google ’s neglect is a simple matter of economics .
“ I presume they find that the volume of searches is too low for them to put people on it , or the ad revenue results are too poor , ” Templeton says .
“ The ads do n’t seem to match the pages well . ”
In the end , then , the rusting shell of Google Groups is a reminder that Google is an advertising company — not a modern - day Library of Alexandria .
Image : Dennis Crothers / Wired.com
Where the mild things are …
Secretary of State Clinton went to Russia to discuss the possibility of putting sanctions on Iran .
The Russians pushed back hard and publicly .
The State Department weakly responded that they had n’t come to Moscow looking for anything in the first place .
The Iranians taunt us with their open nuclear ambitions and we do n’t have much to credibly offer in the way of sanctions ( see above ) and so we find ourselves grasping at straws in terms of an international dialogue with them .
We are forced to take proven liars at their word because there is no realistic Plan B .
The North Koreans do as the Iranians do .
They taunt knowing there will be no meaningful retaliation , especially if they dangle the possibility of progress with negotiations even as they flaunt the spirit of those negotiations .
Our ally in Afghanistan bald - facedly steals an election because he knows he has us over a barrel , believing we need him more than he needs us and that in any event , we wo n’t punish him for his indiscretions .
Our reaction is grumbling and strong language and planning for him to remain in his misappropriated office .
On Afghan policy there is an all - in , all - out debate and it increasingly looks like the president will split the difference between both sides .
David Ignatius writes in today ’s Washington Post :
Obama ’s deliberative pace is either heartening or maddening , depending on your perspective .
Personally , I think he ’s wise to take his time on an issue in which it ’s so hard to know the right answer .
But I worry that the White House approach will soften the edges so much that the policy itself will be fuzzy and doomed to failure .
On the Hill , again the difference is split on health care and the Baucus plan backed by the administration does n’t meaningfully address the core concerns that triggered the debate about health care reform in the first place — issues like universal coverage or the need to substantially reduce health care spending or the need to get the books to balance .
During the G20 meeting in Pittsburgh , at a lunch as the meeting drew to a close , the Chinese walked in and demanded that a paragraph in the final statement on climate change be cut .
Everyone in the room was gobsmacked and stopped eating while the Chinese representative blithely consumed his lunch .
One of those present asked , “ Where were the Americans ?
Why was there no pushback ?
The Europeans were furious . ”
Peter Feaver wrote for FP an article chiding Hillary Clinton for not having taken a bold stance , making an issue her own thus far .
Quite apart from the fact that I think his analysis was faulty , the reality is that the tough stances come from above , the president is the one who draws the lines in the sand .
As far as decisive administration ’s policies are concerned , the title of her book on the subject might read , It Takes a President .
Right now , even his strongest supporters — and I count myself among them — are worried that much as Abe Lincoln was the great rail splitter , Barack Obama may become known as the great difference splitter .
A former senior official , active on the president ’s campaign sat in my office just yesterday worrying aloud about whether this is just learning curve behavior or whether we are drifting toward Jimmy II .
There is a place for deliberation and compromise in the quivers of wise leaders , he argued , but there is also a need to be decisive and sometimes to push to fulfill a vision or defend an ideal or an interest .
There are real merits to being the no-drama Obama of campaign fame .
But in a world in which the Chinese or the Iranians or the North Koreans or Republicans or wings of the Democratic Party are inclined to push as hard as they can until they meet real resistance , it ’s fast coming time for the president to show he is willing to lose some friends and even some battles to defend his principles or the national interest .
It can be a fist of steel in a velvet glove , resolve born of reflection , but there are a lot of supporters of Obama worry that he is a man who sending a message that there are no consequences for crossing him .
On Afghanistan , on health care reconciliation , on his upcoming trip to China , on climate , there are chances looming for him to show that he knows what he wants and that he is willing to fight for it .
I ’m hopeful this is the moment he really will start to come into his own as president .
It was recently reported that Obama ’s favorite phrase is “ Let me be clear . ”
I think the response to that of his concerned supporters would be , “ Please do . ”
It ’s the path that is most likely to have them once again singing , “ Mild thing , I think I love you . ”
JEWEL SAMAD / AFP / Getty Images
CO2 tax agenda front man lining his pockets on the back of global warming fearmongering
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Tuesday , November 3 , 2009
The New York Times has lifted the lid on how Al Gore stands to benefit to the tune of billions of dollars if the carbon tax proposals he is pushing come to fruition in the United States , while documenting how he has already lined his pockets on the back of exaggerated fearmongering about global warming .
As is to be expected , the article is largely a whitewash and takes an apologist stance in defense of Gore .
However , the NY Times ‘ John M. Broder does reveal how one of the companies Gore invested in , Silver Spring Networks , recently received a contract worth $ 560 million dollars from the Energy Department to install “ smart meters ” in people ’s homes that record ( and critics fear could eventually regulate ) energy usage .
“ Kleiner Perkins and its partners , including Mr. Gore , could recoup their investment many times over in coming years , ” states the report , highlighting the fact that Gore is “ well positioned to profit from this green transformation , if and when it comes . ”
“ Critics , mostly on the political right and among global warming skeptics , say Mr. Gore is poised to become the world ’s first “ carbon billionaire , ” profiteering from government policies he supports that would direct billions of dollars to the business ventures he has invested in , ” writes Broder .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Since he left office , Gore ’s personal net worth has skyrocketed on the back of his advocacy for global warming issues and the financial dividends this has reaped .
Gore ’s assets totaled less than $ 2 million in 2001 and although he refuses to give a figure for his current net worth , a recent single investment of $ 35 million in Capricorn Investment Group , a private equity fund , illustrates just how fast Gore has enriched himself from his climate change bandwagon .
The Times report notes how Gore “ has a stake in the world ’s pre-eminent carbon credit trading market . ”
As we reported back in March , before he became President Barack Obama also helped fund the profiteers of the carbon taxation program that he is now seeking to implement as law .
The Chicago Climate Exchange ( CCX ) has direct ties to both Al Gore and Maurice Strong , two figures intimately involved with a long standing movement to use the theory of man made global warming as a mechanism for profit and social engineering .
Gore ’s investment company , Generation Investment Management , which sells carbon offset opportunities , is the largest shareholder of CCX .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
Maurice Strong , who is regularly credited as founding father of the modern environmental movement , serves on the board of directors of CCX .
Strong was a leading initiate of the Earth Summit in the early 90s , where the theory of global warming caused by CO2 generated by human activity was most notably advanced .
Both Strong and Gore come from the Club of Rome clique , who in their 1991 Report , “ The First Global Revolution ” openly admitted how they were planning to exploit the contrived hoax of global warming in order to further their agenda .
“ In searching for a new enemy to unite us , we came up with the idea that pollution , the threat of global warming , water shortages , famine and the like would fit the bill .
All these dangers are caused by human intervention , and it is only through changed attitudes and behavior that they can be overcome .
The real enemy then , is humanity itself . , ” they wrote .
Gore ’s defense against claims that he is peddling fearmongering about global warming to get filthy rich , and one dutifully supported by the NY Times ’ whitewash report , is that he is simply putting his money where his mouth is .
However , Gore ’s insistence that he is walking the walk , not just talking the talk , does n’t seem to extend to his own private life in the context of energy conservation and CO2 emissions .
While lecturing the world about reducing CO2 emissions and saving energy , Gore ’s own mansion uses 20 times the energy of the average American home .
In February 2007 , the Tennessee Center for Policy Research revealed that the gas and electric bills for the former vice president ’s 20 - room home and pool house devoured nearly 221,000 kilowatt - hours in 2006 , more than 20 times the national average of 10,656 kilowatt - hours .
These figures were not disputed by Gore .
“ If this were any other person with $ 30,000 - a - year in utility bills , I would n’t care , ” said the Center ’s 27 - year - old president , Drew Johnson .
“ But he tells other people how to live and he ’s not following his own rules . ”
The clips below , taken from Alex Jones ’ new documentary Fall Of The Republic , expose how Al Gore serves as the front man for the global carbon tax cap and trade scheme , which is designed to bankrupt the United States and drastically lower the living standards of the American people , while introducing nightmare levels of regulation and bureaucracy into their everyday lives .
Get the full DVD here .
This article was posted : Tuesday , November 3 , 2009 at 6:20 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
A man is lifted off his feet by a gust of wind on the beach at Hurst Point , Dorset
Photograph : Steve Poole / Rex Features
From the Rachel Maddow Show Oct. 5 , 2009 .
Rachel reiterates this report from TPMDC -- The GOP's New Foreign Policy : Undermine American Diplomacy :
• Rep. Mark Kirk ( R - IL ) boasted in June that he told Chinese officials not to trust America 's budget numbers .
" One of the messages I had -- because we need to build trust and confidence in our number one creditor , " said Kirk , " is that the budget numbers that the US government had put forward should not be believed . "
Since then , he has declared his candidacy for U.S. Senate .
• House Minority Whip Eric Cantor ( R - VA ) traveled to Israel , where he spoke out against President Obama 's opposition to expanded settlements .
He also defended Israel on the eviction of two Arab families from a house in east Jerusalem , which had been criticized by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton .
• Sen. Jim Inhofe ( R - OK ) will be going to the upcoming climate change conference in Copenhagen , bringing a " Truth Squad " to tell foreign officials there that the American government will not take any action : " Now , I want to make sure that those attending the Copenhagen conference know what is really happening in the United States Senate . "
• Sen. Jim DeMint ( R - SC ) is visiting Honduras in order to support the recent military coup against a leftist president , which has been opposed by the Obama administration and all the surrounding countries in the region .
( Late Update : DeMint 's office says he is not taking sides during his visit to the current Honduran leadership , denying the New York Times reports that this was his intention . )
An interesting pattern has been emerging in the Republican Party 's handling of foreign policy : Individual GOP officials are now making a regular point of not only formulating an alternative foreign policy , to be presented to the American people and debated in Congress -- they 're acting on it too , and undermining the official White House policies at multiple turns .
Anyone remember this statement by Trent Lott when some Democratic Congressmen dared to visit Iraq prior to the U.S. invasion ?
Lott raps U.S. congressman in Iraq :
" For him to be in Baghdad , the center of one of the most dangerous dictators in the world , with all kinds of weapons of mass destruction , to be questioning the veracity of our own American president , is the height of irresponsible , " said Lott , R- Mississippi .
" He needs to come home and keep his mouth shut . "
Rep. Jim McDermott , D - Washington , who is one of three House members visiting Iraq to urge Iraqi officials to avert war by allowing U.N. weapons inspectors back in , has acted irresponsibly , Lott said .
Or these attacks on Nancy Pelosi for going to Syria ?
Pelosi's Syria Trip : Media Advancing Right - Wing Spin .
As always , IOKIYAR .
Update .
Transcript below the fold .
MADDOW : As Republicans search for meaning in the political minority , as they try to beat a path out of the political wilderness , an increasing number of Republican leaders seem to be trying to compensate for their relative lack of power at home by flexing their muscles abroad .
Republicans have been traveling to other countries to try to undermine the policies of the United States .
You might call it anti-diplomacy .
We first reported this phenomenon in June when Illinois Republican Congressman Mark Kirk bragged that on a trip to China , he had met with Chinese government officials and told them to not trust the American government on matters of the budget and the deficit .
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP )
REP .
MARK KIRK : One of the messages I had - because we need to build trust and confidence in our number one creditor - is that the budget numbers that the U.S. government had put forward should not be believed .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
MADDOW : Do n't believe the U.S. government , China .
Congressman Mark Kirk 's great idea for building trust and confidence is to tell China to definitely not trust us .
But a little over two weeks ago , Republican Senator Jim Inhofe of Oklahoma made an announcement .
He said that he was going to go rogue overseas himself .
He says he plans on attending the U.N. Climate Change Conference in Copenhagen this December and it's because he thinks that global warning is a hoax .
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP )
SEN .
JIM INHOFE :
All these problems , it just did n't happen .
In fact , the IED rate .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
MADDOW : Well , that 's not at all - what was interesting part of what he said .
What he said was , " I 'm going to go ahead and announce now , I 'm going to go to Copenhagen .
I think someone needs to be there as a one man truth squad . "
A one man truth squad .
Senator Inhofe says the mission of his little one man truth squad will be to tell other countries not to believe what the United States says when our government negotiates on climate change and carbon emissions .
And , you know , when it was just Mark Kirk going to China to tell the Chinese not to trust us , that was weird .
Then when it turned out to be Mark Kirk plus Jim Inhofe , when it happened twice , sort of seemed like it might be a coincidence .
But when something like this happens three times , I think it 's called a trend - which makes Republican Senator Jim DeMint of South Carolina officially the trend - maker .
Senator DeMint is now back from meeting with the de facto government of Honduras , the government that the United States does not recognize .
Mr. DeMint called the meeting with the military government that ousted their president there , quote , " very productive . "
Adding , " We saw a government working hard to follow the rule of law , uphold its Constitution , and to protect democracy for the people of Honduras . "
Senator DeMint is referring to a government that ushered its country 's democratically - elected president out of the country in his pajamas , a government that until today allowed police and soldiers to break up public meetings , arrest people without warrant and restrict the news media .
Then today , remarkably , three more Republican members of Congress went to Honduras and visited with this government that we , as a country , supposedly do not recognize .
Thereby jumping on the " go abroad to undermine American foreign policy " even though you 're an American bandwagon -- this creepy , creepy bandwagon .
Fairly standard episode with very few twists until the end of the episode was typical a OMFG !!
J.J. Abrams twist that make the viewer go crazy .
There 's an exploding man who was part of a secret military project which leads Peter and Olivia back to Iraq to meet an informant .
They come back just in time to save a whole bunch of people .
Yay ?
More compelling was Olivia still struggling through her problems .
After getting pissed at the the bowling alley guru , she pulls her gun and him and lo and behold , she does n't need her cane !
The big part of the episode was the very end .
The apprehended colonel who was behind the exploding bodies starts rambling on about non-humans who are here to wage war .
Cut to a diner , and someone 's eating a sandwich with lots of pepper .
Where have we seen that before ?
The Observer !!
Oh noes !!!
What does the Observer need with Walter 's pictures ?
Fringe has great visual effects and directing which automatically bolsters its score every week , but the story was very lacking and comparison to many of the cooler ones we 've seen .
No Charlie this week , so he 'll probably have a larger role in a future episode which most likely will be his departure .
Score : 8.5/10
Not without reason , holidaymakers often leave Sicily with an uneasy feeling that they have been funding Cosa Nostra .
To ease their qualms a company to be launched this week will offer them a chance to do the reverse – visit one of the Mediterranean 's most beautiful islands while contributing to the struggle against organised crime .
Addiopizzo Travel , the first part of whose name means " Goodbye protection money " , is an offshoot of an organisation that brings together shopkeepers , restaurant owners , hoteliers and others committed to refusing the mafia 's unrefusable offers .
Until now , the only route open to tourists worried that they might be giving their custom to businesses owned , or extorted , by Cosa Nostra has been to consult Addiopizzo in person or through its website .
But now its travel agency is planning to make things easier with tours guaranteed mafia - free .
Dario Riccobono , one of the founders , said some of the packages would be aimed at " those who just want to have a relaxing holiday , but want to be reassured that they are not subsidising organised crime " .
Others , though , would be tours with a " rich , broad programme " of anti-mafia activities .
People will be able to dine in a pizzeria owned by the brother of a man who was killed because of his stand against Cosa Nostra , for example , and the next day visit land confiscated from the mafia , said Riccobono .
" We find that all the tourists who come to Sicily ask about the mafia and the people who are fighting it . "
Addiopizzo was founded five years ago .
Its website lists more than 400 commercial organisations that have vowed not to give in to Cosa Nostra 's demands for protection money .
We ’ve been conditioned to think that a summer beer must be light , watery , and tasteless .
While it ’s true that you do n’t want to drink a thick , chewy porter in the heat , there are plenty of flavorful beers that can be quite refreshing .
CHOW staffers tasted selections from all over the world and chose 10 amazing summer beers for 2009 .
Some must be obtained from either specialty importers like Shelton Brothers or through trading on sites like BeerAdvocate.com .
Others are available nationally .
Joining us for the tasting : San Francisco craft brewer Dave McLean , owner of Magnolia Pub & Brewery and the Alembic bar .
To find out how to correctly pour these beers , watch Dave ’s video
1. Sierra Nevada Kellerweis .
The latest release from craft beer leader Sierra is a Bavarian - style hefeweizen ( a German wheat beer ) that ’s light - bodied but bright and satisfying , with hints of clove and citrus .
It would be perfect with hot dogs .
( Another beer we liked that ’s similar but harder to find is Royal Weisse from Pennsylvania brewery Sly Fox .
It ’s good for camping because it ’s sold in cans . )
2. Bell ’s Oberon .
A favorite among Midwestern Chowhounds , this wheat beer from Kalamazoo , Michigan , is effervescent , golden , and crisp , but with a little hoppy bitterness that gives it an invigorating finish .
3. Dogfish Head Festina Pêche .
The summer release from experimental Delaware craft brewer Dogfish Head is fashioned after a somewhat obscure style of German wheat beer called a Berliner Weisse .
Dogfish Head ’s version is brewed with peach juice , in a nod to how Germans traditionally serve it ( they sometimes add fruit syrup to counteract the beer ’s aggressive tartness ) .
Yet it ’s not at all sweet ; it ’s like classy , sour spiked lemonade .
Dave thinks its acidity is begging to cut through the fat of a bacon burger .
4. Russian River Brewing Company Blind Pig IPA .
Beers containing massive amounts of grapefruity - tasting , West Coast–grown hops have become wildly popular .
Once you acquire the taste , it becomes difficult not to want more — a condition Russian River Brewing Company ’s Vinnie Cilurzo calls the “ lupulin threshold shift . ”
Contrary to what you might think , extra - bitter IPAs like Blind Pig are great for summer , the same way plunging into a very cold stream is good for summer : clears out your senses .
5. Oskar Blues Mama ’s Little Yella Pils .
This is the type of light , crisp pilsner you ’re used to from Budweiser and Tecate , but classed up with a malty backbone and low - key spice from the hops .
Dave calls this Colorado offering : “ What Americans think of as ‘ lawn mower beer , ’ only good . ”
In other words , serve this to random in - laws and they will not think you ’re weird .
Bonus points for the fact that it comes in a can !
6. The Bruery Trade Winds Tripel Ale .
Pounding Belgian tripels on a hot summer day might sound all wrong because of their high alcohol content , full body , and often very intense and sweet flavors .
However , Orange County ’s Bruery makes the style work for the season by keeping the sweetness and heavy body in check .
The resulting beer is refreshing , crisp , and light , with lots of carbonation .
But do n’t worry , summer partyers , the Bruery retained the 8 percent alcohol by volume .
7. Nøgne ∅ Saison .
Norwegian microbrewer Nøgne ∅ makes its saison with wheat and lager malt and two types of hops .
The beer pours light and frothy , with a hazy golden color and a good amount of carbonation .
No surprises here :
It tastes wheaty with a good kick of hops , but also has spice , citrus , and fruit flavors hanging out , which gives it a fresh smell .
A taster said she really wanted to drink some with grilled corn on the cob .
8. Brouwerij Kerkom Bink Blond .
Overall an easy , light - bodied drinker , but still flavorful and interesting enough to bring as a hostess gift for your beer nerd friends .
Bink is considered one of the hoppiest Belgian beers , but it still maintains some of the malty fruitiness of a golden ale .
If you were picking up one beer for a summer bash , this would be a safe bet .
9. Jolly Pumpkin Calabaza Blanca .
Michigan ’s Jolly Pumpkin brews this witbier year - round , but we think it ’s particularly good in the summer because it falls on the tart end of the witbier spectrum , as opposed to the baking - spice - flavored versions that abound .
It ’s very light - bodied , dry , and refreshing .
10 . Cantillon Rosé de Gambrinus .
If you ’re scared to try a raspberry beer because you think it ’s going to taste like candy or resemble last summer ’s horrific raspberry - pomegranate - flavored Michelob Ultra , it ’s time to face your fears and pick up this beer by the venerable Belgian lambic brewery Cantillon .
It ’s made by fermenting lambic in wooden casks with fresh raspberries ( no artificial flavors , colors , or sweeteners are added ) , which results in a beer with an incredibly true raspberry smell , a mouth - puckering tartness , a superdry finish , and a beautiful reddish - coppery color .
Quality Progress
Better , Not Bigger , Eben Fodor
" There is no limit to how much information , understanding or enlightenment we can acquire .
There is no limit to diversity , complexity or variety .
There is no limit to creativity , enterprise or ambition .
There is no limit to personal growth or achievement .
A sustainable community can be a dynamic and evolving place .
There is no limit to the richness of our lives in such a community . "
Editor 's note : Andrew J. Imparato is chief executive of the American Association of People with Disabilities ( AAPD ) , a national nonprofit , nonpartisan membership organization of people with disabilities , their family members and supporters that was founded in 1995 .
Andrew J. Imparato says Kennedy 's family experience helped drive his commitment to disability rights .
( CNN ) --
The disability rights movement has lost a giant in our global struggle for equal opportunity , human dignity and self - determination .
Sen .
Ted Kennedy 's leadership as a disability champion was part of a broader commitment to civil and human rights .
But his accomplishments in the area of disability law and policy may prove to be his greatest and most long - lasting success as a legislator .
Senator Kennedy 's commitment to the cause of disability rights was informed by his experience as the brother of Rosemary , who was born with an intellectual disability ; and the brother of Eunice , who devoted her life to improving the world 's treatment of people with intellectual disabilities .
It was deepened when his son Ted Jr. had his leg amputated at age 12 after being diagnosed with bone cancer ; and deepened again when his son Patrick experienced bipolar disorder and substance abuse as an adult .
Senator Kennedy understood disability as a human issue because he had a front - row seat from which to witness society 's all - too - often callous and bigoted treatment of children and adults with disabilities .
In his heart of hearts , Senator Kennedy understood that America was at its best when it expanded opportunities for people with all types of disabilities , for women , for immigrants , for racial and ethnic minorities , for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgendered people , for infants and children and for seniors .
He was able to couple this understanding and commitment with a knack for finding Republican and moderate Democrat partners and working out legislation that could pass with enormous bipartisan support .
When the Americans with Disabilities Act ( ADA ) passed in 1990 , the vote in the Senate was 91 - 6 .
That vote was the product of hours of cajoling and negotiating between Senator Kennedy , his Democratic allies Tom Harkin and Steny Hoyer , the George H.W. Bush White House , Senators Bob Dole and Orrin Hatch , and others .
The ADA was a once - in - a - lifetime piece of civil rights legislation .
Thanks to the ADA , the U.S. demonstrated to the world that it was possible to mandate that buses , telecommunications , buildings and schools be accessible .
Our country showed the world that it is possible to outlaw discrimination in employment against people with disabilities without harming businesses .
The example of the ADA helped more than 70 foreign countries pass similar legislation , and laid the foundation for the U.N. Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities , which is driving even more change globally as the 65 countries who have signed and ratified the convention seek to pass implementing legislation .
Senator Kennedy 's legacy extends from the ADA to so many other critical bills : the Family and Medical Leave Act , the Fair Housing Act Amendments of 1988 , which added disability to the group of protected classes under that critical law ; the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act , which outlaws discrimination and guarantees a free appropriate public education to all children with disabilities ; the Family Opportunity Act , which gives parents of disabled children the ability to purchase Medicaid coverage for their children even if they were not low - income ; the Help America Vote Act , which requires every polling place to have a machine where disabled people could vote privately and independently ; and the more recent Genetic Information Nondiscrimination
Act and mental health parity legislation .
As an attorney with bipolar disorder who graduated from law school in 1990 , I am one of a generation of professionals who have developed our careers in the wake of the ADA and other critical laws that protect our right to equal opportunity and fairness .
I have personally benefited from Senator Kennedy 's leadership .
I have had the privilege of working closely with his extraordinary sons Ted and Patrick and with his top notch staff .
I cannot imagine a more effective champion for disability rights , for civil rights , for health care , for basic human decency , than Edward M. Kennedy .
His legacy will be felt by more than 600 million children and adults with disabilities around the world for generations to come .
We have lost a champion , and we must all work harder to continue to make progress toward his compelling vision of a world where all people have value , all people have dignity , and all people can participate as equals in the lives of their communities .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew J. Imparato .
All About Edward M. Kennedy • Disabilities
MADISON , Wis.  Seven and a half months into Ta - Shai Pendleton ’s first pregnancy , her child was stillborn .
Then in early 2008 , she bore a daughter prematurely .
Soon after , Ms. Pendleton moved from a community in Racine that was thick with poverty to a better neighborhood in Madison .
Here , for the first time , she had a full - term pregnancy .
As she cradled her 2 - month - old daughter recently , she described the fear and isolation she had experienced during her first two pregnancies , and the more embracing help she found 100 miles away with her third .
In Madison , county nurses made frequent home visits , and she got more help from her new church .
The lives and pregnancies of black mothers like Ms. Pendleton , 21 , are now the subject of intense study as researchers confront one of the country ’s most intractable health problems : the large racial gap in infant deaths , primarily due to a higher incidence among blacks of very premature births .
Colorado Personal Injury & Car Accident Lawyers
Serving Denver , Fort Collins , Colorado Springs and all of Colorado
At The Sawaya Law Firm in Colorado , our attorneys and staff take great pride in helping injured people recover not only from their injuries , but also recover their lives .
The moment you come to visit us in the historic Bailey Mansion in Denver , we will help you with your case to put your life back together after your accident .
This includes medical care and helping you get fair compensation when the case concludes , so that you can focus on recovering the life and lifestyle you had before you were injured .
At The Sawaya Law Firm , our attorneys have helped thousands of injured people throughout northeastern Colorado and the Rocky Mountains , including those suffering from a Denver car accident .
We operate based on 12 core values and call our law firm ’s history a heritage of justice .
Our Heritage of Justice
We work to ensure that injured people receive the medical care and financial compensation they need and deserve .
If you have suffered an injury , if you are disabled and cannot work , or if a family member has died in an accident because of someone else ’s negligence , we want to hear your story .
Contact us today online or at 303-466-3529 to discuss your legal claims with one of our Denver personal injury attorneys or Colorado car accident lawyers .
Helping Injured People Throughout Colorado
From our office in Denver , The Sawaya Law Firm represents individuals and families throughout Colorado .
We can help with a wide variety of personal injury matters , including :
Contact a Colorado Personal Injury Attorney
The Sawaya Law Firm offers personal injury claim assistance anywhere in Colorado , including Denver , Fort Collins and Colorado Springs .
Call our toll - free number at 866-701-7302 .
Someone is always available to answer your call and talk to you about how you are suffering from a Denver car accident or other Colorado personal injury .
You can also contact us by email .
Injured , but not in Colorado ?
No problem .
We work with a nationwide network of experienced attorneys and are able to assist clients across the country .
Regardless of where you are located , we can help .
A standard electric sewing machine is an amazing piece of technology .
­ Without the sewing machine , the world would be a very different place .
Like the automobile , the cotton gin and countless other innovations from the past 300 years , the sewing machine takes something time - consuming and laborious and makes it fast and easy .
With the invention of the mechanized sewing machine , manufacturers could suddenly produce piles of high - quality clothing at minimal expense .
Because of this technology , the vast majority of people in the world can now afford the sort of sturdy , finely - stitched clothes that were a luxury only 200 years ago .
In this article , we 'll take look at the remarkable machine that makes all of this possible .
As it turns out , the automated stitching mechanism at the heart of a sewing machine is incredibly simple , though the machinery that drives it is fairly elaborate , relying on an assembly of gears , pulleys and motors to function properly .
When you get down to it , the sewing machine is among the most elegant and ingenious tools ever created .
Advertisement Advertisement Sewing machines are something like cars :
There are hundreds of models on the market , and they vary considerably in price and performance .
At the low - end of the scale , there are conventional no - frills electric designs , ideal for occasional home use ; at the high - end , there are sophisticated electronic machines that hook up to a computer .
Textile companies have many machines to choose from , including streamlined models specifically designed to sew one particular product .
But just like cars , most sewing machines are built around one basic idea .
Where the heart of a car is the internal combustion engine , the heart of a sewing machine is the loop stitching system .
­
The Loop Stitch
The loop stitch approach is very different from ordinary hand - sewing .
In the simplest hand stitch , a length of thread is tied to a small eye at the end of a needle .
The sewer passes the needle and the attached thread all the way through two pieces of fabric , from one side to the other and back again .
In this way , the needle runs the thread in and out of the fabric pieces , binding them together .
While this is easy enough to do by hand , it is extremely difficult to pull off with a machine .
The machine would have to release the needle on one side of the fabric just as it grabbed it again on the other side .
Then it would have to pull the entire length of loose thread through the fabric , turn the needle around and do the whole thing in reverse .
This process is way too complicated and unwieldy for a simple machine , and even by hand it only works well with short lengths of thread .
Advertisement Advertisement Instead , sewing machines pass the needle only part - way through the fabric .
On a machine needle , the eye is right behind the sharp point , rather than at the end .
The needle is fastened to the needle bar , which is driven up and down by the motor via a series of gears and cams ( more on this later ) .
When the point passes through the fabric , it pulls a small loop of thread from one side to the other .
A mechanism underneath the fabric grabs this loop and wraps it around either another piece of thread or another loop in the same piece of thread .
There are actually several different types of loop stitches , and they all work a little differently .
Chain Stitch
The simplest loop stitch is the chain stitch .
To sew a chain stitch , the sewing machine loops a single length of thread back on itself .
You can see how one version of this stitch works in the diagram below .
This content is not compatible on this device .
If the animation above is n't working , click here to get the Shockwave player .
The fabric , sitting on a metal plate underneath the needle , is held down by a presser foot .
At the beginning of each stitch , the needle pulls a loop of thread through the fabric .
A looper mechanism , which moves in synch with the needle , grabs the loop of thread before the needle pulls up .
Once the needle has pulled out of the fabric , the feed dog mechanism ( which we 'll examine later ) pulls the fabric forward .
When the needle pushes through the fabric again , the new loop of thread passes directly through the middle of the earlier loop .
The looper grabs the thread again and loops it around the next thread loop .
In this way , every loop of thread holds the next loop in place .
The main advantage of the chain stitch is that it can be sewn very quickly .
It is not especially sturdy , however , since the entire seam can come undone if one end of the thread is loosened .
Most sewing machines use a sturdier stitch known as the lock stitch .
You can see how the typical lock - stitch mechanism works in the animation below .
This content is not compatible on this device .
If the animation above is n't working , click here to get the Shockwave player .
The most important element of a lock - stitch mechanism is the shuttle hook and bobbin assembly .
The bobbin is just a spool of thread positioned underneath the fabric .
It sits in the middle of a shuttle , which is rotated by the machine 's motor in synch with the motion of the needle .
Just as in a chain - stitch machine , the needle pulls a loop of thread through the fabric , rises again as the feed dogs move the fabric along , and then pushes another loop in .
But instead of joining the different loops together , the stitching mechanism joins them to another length of thread that unspools from the bobbin .
When the needle pushes a loop through the thread , the rotary shuttle grips the loop with a hook .
As the shuttle rotates , it pulls the loop around the thread coming from the bobbin .
This makes for a very sturdy stitch .
In the next section , we 'll see how the sewing machine moves all of these components in synch .
Sewing Machine Components
The conventional electric sewing machine is a fascinating piece of engineering .
If you were to take the outer casing off , you would see a mass of gears , cams , cranks and belts , all driven by a single electric motor .
The exact configuration of these elements varies a good deal from machine to machine , but they all work on a similar idea .
The diagram below shows a fairly standard lock - stitch design .
This content is not compatible on this device .
If the animation above is n't working , click here to get the Shockwave player .
Advertisement Advertisement
In this diagram , the electric motor is connected to a drive wheel by way of a drive belt .
The drive wheel rotates the long upper drive shaft , which is connected to several different mechanical elements .
The end of the shaft turns a crank , which pulls the needle bar up and down .
The crank also moves the thread - tightening arm .
Moving in synch with the needle bar , the tightening arm lowers to create enough slack for a loop to form underneath the fabric , then pulls up to tighten the loop after it is released from the shuttle hook .
The thread runs from a spool on the top of the machine , through the tightening arm and through a tension disc assembly .
By turning the disc assembly , the sewer can tighten the thread feeding into the needle .
The tension must be tighter when sewing thinner fabric and looser when sewing thicker fabric .
The first element along the shaft is a simple belt that turns a lower drive shaft .
The end of the lower drive shaft is connected to a set of bevel gears that rotates the shuttle assembly .
Since both are connected to the same drive shaft , the shuttle assembly and the needle assembly always move in unison .
The lower drive shaft also moves linkages that operate the feed dog mechanism .
One linkage slides the feed dog forward and backward with each cycle .
At the same time , another linkage moves the feed dog up and down .
The two linkages are synchronized so that the feed dog presses up against the fabric , shifts it forward , and then moves down to release the fabric .
The feed dog then shifts backward before pressing up against the fabric again to repeat the cycle .
The motor is controlled by a foot pedal , which lets the sewer vary the speed easily .
The cool thing about this design is that everything is linked together , so when you press on the pedal , the motor speeds all of the processes up at the same rate .
The process is always perfectly synchronized , no matter how fast the motor is turning .
The sewing machine shown in the diagram can only produce a straight stitch -- a simple stitch that binds fabric with a straight seam .
Most modern machines are a lot more flexible ; they can produce a variety of stitches and , in some cases , can make complex designs .
In the next section , we 'll see how modern machines pull this off .
“ I know the price of success : dedication , hard work , and an unremitting devotion to the things you want to see happen . ”
– Frank Llloyd Wright
You know the situation all too well .
You ’ve been trying to accomplish something important to you : get to a healthy weight , workout regularly , declutter , eat better , climb out of debt – and then the holidays come around and sometimes it feels like you ’re choosing between tradition and doing what ’s right for you .
If you ’re in the U.S. , it starts with Thanksgiving dinner .
Then there are office holiday parties , family parties , friends visiting …
Buying gifts , relatives bringing gifts , Christmas , New Year ’s – and before you know it , you ’re back where you started :
Your eating habits destroyed
Your promise to yourself to meditate every day a distant memory
The house is filled with even more stuff you need to find a place for
The holidays are a time for friends , family and celebration – but they can wreak havoc on your personal goals .
It ’s not hopeless though .
Here are five strategies I employ which help me stick with my goals – even during the holidays .
# 1 – Take Advantage Of Tradition
Do n’t fight it – use the holidays to your advantage by accomplish goals in line with tradition
Quality Time With Family .
I discovered when I researched my article about how to make more time for yourself that 90 % of people wished they had more time to spend with friends and family .
So why not take advantage of the holidays ( children out of school , federal holidays , relatives visiting ) to spend more time with your friends and family ?
I discovered when I researched my article about how to make more time for yourself that .
So why not take advantage of the holidays ( children out of school , federal holidays , relatives visiting ) to spend more time with friends and family ?
Volunteer Opportunities .
I know I often wish I could do more for those less fortunate than myself .
The holidays provide many excellent opportunities to volunteer with local groups , whether it ’s serving Thanksgiving dinner or donating toys .
I know I often wish I could do more for those less fortunate than myself .
The holidays provide many excellent opportunities to volunteer with local groups , whether it ’s serving Thanksgiving dinner or donating toys .
Donate and Clear Clutter .
One of my favorites – I use winter as a time to donate my excess items ( especially clothes ) to charities that help the needy .
Not only do they go to a good cause , but it helps me clean out my home .
Plan For Failure
I generally eat very clean and healthy – no alcohol , no sugar , lots of fresh vegetables and lean meats .
However , I know that during the holidays , I enjoy eating out with friends and family and well , with some rich comfort food .
So I plan for failure .
Knowing that I ’m going to eat foods I normally would n’t perhaps on a weekend , I make sure to eat extra strict in the week leading up to it .
The net result ?
Even though that meal may be off track , by planning for the failure it ’s part of what I planned to do – and I can enjoy my meal without worrying about getting back on track the next day .
Get Your Family On Board
As some of you may know , I ’ve been reducing unnecessary commitments as well as my possessions – and I ’ve talked to my family about it and they ’re on board with my goals .
Though they may not be changing their lives in the same direction as I am , just knowing my stance means I no longer receive Christmas gifts that I wo n’t use .
Your friends and family are supportive , and will support your goals – as long as you tell them about it and get them on board .
Be Proactive
You know there is a lot of tasty , unhealthy food at holiday meals .
Rather than accept what ’s going to happen , I try to proactively thinking about what a solution might be – rather than just complaining about the situation .
For example , at pot lucks I bring salads , fresh fish , healthy wraps , etc .
Even if nobody else brings something I can fit into my diet , I ’m in control of what I ’m going to eat – and I will often still try what other folks bring , but most of my meal ends up being a couple items that I brought and some other friends bring .
It ’s A Challenge
Finally , if all else fails and the deck is stacked against you – do n’t fear it , embrace the challenge !
Self - discipline , willpower is like a muscle – you can exercise and strengthen it .
So rather than dreading the holidays as a time that will wear you down with your goals , I try to mentally spin them as a challenge .
I tell myself that if I can get through December without eating cookies , for example , then the rest of the year is going to be easy .
It ’s like my own personal willpower bootcamp .
Strengthening my willpower muscles at this time of year means that they can easily handle anything that is thrown at me during the other 11 months of the year .
Final Thoughts
Another perspective a friend brought up is that it may just be too much work and not worth the extra stress to try and stick to some of our goals during the holidays .
I think there ’s definitely some validity to that point as well .
Me personally ?
I like to be as consistent as I can – but I do n’t worry about it if I occasionally do n’t eat well , or stay out too late due to the holidays .
Enjoying my life , and spending time with people that matter to me is high on my list of priorities as well !
Take Action Today
You do n’t have to go it alone .
If you like what you ’ve seen so far , your next step might be to join me in my advanced training program .
Take a moment to read the details about my course The Action Solution and see if it ’s something you ’d be interested in .
It is the result of decades of experience , and hundreds of hours of making dreams a reality for real people – just like you .
Enjoy this article ?
You should Tweet This and share it with your friends , or feel free to share it however you like using this shortened link :
http://j.mp/stickgoal
Further Reading :
Obama yesterday expressed concern at the sorry state of the news industry and said that he will look at a news paper bailout , because otherwise , blogs will take over the world , and that would be a threat to democracy , The Hill reports .
" I am concerned that if the direction of the news is all blogosphere , all opinions , with no serious fact - checking , no serious attempts to put stories in context , that what you will end up getting is people shouting at each other across the void but not a lot of mutual understanding , " he said .
He said he would be happy to look a bills that could give tax newspapers tax - breaks if they were to restructure as 50 ( c ) ( 3 ) educational corporations .
One of the bills is that of Senator Ben Cardin , who has introduced the " Newspaper Revitalization Act . "
This strikes us as the worst kind of protect the horse and buggy policy imaginable .
Newspapers have been printing money for 100 + years , and if the market is now putting an end to that , stifling this change probably is n't a good idea .
Back in May we came up with 10 one - line reasons this kind of bailout is a terrible idea .
Briefly , they were :
It 's bad to reward outdated businesses based on outdated tech .
It 's bad to reward outdated businesses based on outdated tech .
Newspapers delivery trucks do n't run on water .
Traditionally bloated monopolies , newspapers do n't know how to innovate .
Just because newspapers go away does n't mean sources will .
Newspapers employ just 0.2 percent of the nation ’s labor force .
66 % of people get their news from TV .
Newspaper owners think Google is a parasite .
Ask people when they last bought a paper , much less subscribed .
A government subsidized " free press " is n't a " free press " at all .
As newspapers go away , a shrinking supply of ad inventory will drive up ad prices , rewarding innovative new media .
Since 1912 , The Previant Law Firm , S.C. has served the people of Wisconsin in personal injury claims , resolving employment law matters , and workers ' compensation issues .
Our dedicated team of professionals represents the hard working employees who make up the fabric of American society .
We are here to guide you through the legal process from beginning to end , to the complete satisfaction of every client no matter how big or small the issue .
Our trial lawyers advocate on your behalf in court and refuse unfair settlement offers .
If you deserve compensation , we litigate until justice is served .
Our bilingual staff serves Spanish - speaking clientele , and we take pride in treating each client with integrity and respect .
We understand the hometown values and concerns specific to Wisconsin residents .
Contact us today if you have a question for our Milwaukee lawyers about personal injury , workers ' compensation , or labor law matters in Wisconsin .
• Four of the suspects are 15 years old ; one is 13 • Alleged attackers charged as adults
Five teenagers are being held by Florida police , accused of setting a 15 - year - old boy on fire in retaliation for informing officers of an attempted bicycle theft .
Michael Brewer was sedated in a Miami hospital , recovering from second - and third - degree burns over 80 % of his body .
Officials say that on Monday the attackers doused him with rubbing alcohol and ignited it with a cigarette lighter .
The teens are charged with aggravated battery , and the 15 - year - old boy who set the fire is charged with attempted murder .
Four of the suspects are 15 years old ; one is 13 .
Dr Nicholas Namias of Jackson Memorial Ryder Trauma Centre told the Associated Press that Brewer 's face is not badly burnt but that he is at risk of infection and could suffer organ failure in the coming months .
Family members said his chest , arms and hair was scorched .
" He 's looking for a long - haul recovery , " Broward County sheriff Al Lamberti told CNN .
Family members and police said that on Sunday , Brewer reported the attempted theft of his father 's custom $ 500 bicycle .
Fearing a confrontation , he skipped school Monday and went to visit a friend at a nearby apartment complex .
Seeking revenge against Brewer for informing on the culprit , the suspects found Brewer by a swimming pool .
One splashed him with rubbing alcohol and another set him ablaze with a cigarette lighter , police said .
Television footage from the scene showed scorched clothing and a fire extinguisher spread out on a green lawn .
Lamberti said the five suspects , as of now charged as adults , were identified by witnesses because they have not interviewed Brewer .
He said the ringleader exhorted the others to set Brewer on fire , crying " he's a snitch , burn him , burn him " .
He described one youth as remorseful but said two others are " laughing it off " .
Authorities must now determine whether they should be prosecuted as adults .
Three of the suspected attackers appeared in court yesterday .
A photograph showed the young boys sitting handcuffed in court wearing khaki and green jail clothes .
Serious information used to be relayed in words , graphs and charts - pictures were just pretty window dressing .
That 's all changing , says David McCandless .
E-mails .
News .
Facebook .
Wikipedia .
Do you ever feel there 's just too much information ?
Do you struggle to keep up with important issues , subject and ideas ?
Are you drowning in data ?
In this age of information overload , a new solution is emerging that could help us cope with the oceans of data surrounding and swamping us .
It 's called information visualisation .
The approach is simple : apply the rules of visual design to information - make information into images , rather than text .
So , instead of listing the mind - boggling billions spent by governments , show them graphically - like The Billion Dollar O Gram image at the top of the page .
The image arose out of a frustration with the reporting of billion dollar amounts in the media .
They 're reported as self - evident facts , when , in fact , they 're mind - boggling and near incomprehensible without context .
Or , in another example , instead of explaining the connection between say , mercury and the influenza jab , depict it visually .
SOURCE : David McCandless
And instead of leaving your data just sitting in a spreadsheet , let it out to play - use it to structure a visual image .
Obvious but effective - telling geographical stories using maps
Enlarge Image
I 've spent the last year exploring the potential of information visualisation for my website and a book .
I 've taken loads of information and made it into simple , colourful and , hopefully , beautiful " visualisations " - bubble charts , concept maps , blueprints and diagrams - all with the minimum of text .
I do n't just mean data and statistics .
I love doing this with all kinds of information - ideas , issues , stories - and for all subjects from pop to philosophy to politics .
Personally , I find visualisations great for helping me understand the world and for sifting the huge amounts of information that deluge me every day .
Instant overview - troops in Afghanistan
Enlarge Image
I love information .
I want to stay current .
I do n't want to be under - informed .
But I 'm busy .
Sometimes , I need an instant overview of a situation that I can grasp in a second .
But this is not a new subject .
Information Design has been around since the 1970s .
Pioneers like Yale University design guru Edward Tufte and design agency Pentagram have long known and used its power .
But now with the rise of the internet , it 's having something of a second birth .
Seeing patterns emerge
Enlarge Image
Today , there 's huge amounts of data out there .
Visualisation helps spot important patterns in this data that might otherwise be missed .
Already governments are seeing the potential .
The American and Australian governments are fast democratising their data and releasing it for free to the public .
As an added incentive , they 're offering massive cash prizes for the best visualisations .
The UK government plans to follow this example in December by opening up all its data for public perusal .
They feel it could improve accountability and transparency .
Disease Case Fatality Rates
Enlarge Image
It may also just be enjoyable to see information , rather than read it .
In an endless jungle of websites with text - based content , a beautiful image with a lot of space and colour can be like walking into a clearing .
It 's a relief .
So how is it done ?
A wide variety of online tools are emerging which can help those without design experience to start playing with visualisation .
Wordle is a popular tool [ See internet links , above - right , for this and other links ] .
It allows you to make ' word clouds ' out of the most frequent words in a document .
SOURCE : David McCandless
ManyEyes , from IBM , is another great site which auto - generates bubble charts , semantic maps and other types visualisations out of spreadsheets and data that you upload .
Beyond the internet , artists and programmers are using information as an artistic material to create amazing pieces of art , films and even real life objects .
Leading the charge of this " information art " movement are people like Aaron Koblin who directed Radiohead 's generative video House Of Cards , visualisation guru Ben Fry and Marius Watz who creates real life objects out of financial data .
Simultaneously , on an even more experimental level , companies are beginning to use information visualisations to overlay or " augment " reality .
Data from the web can now be graphically superimposed over a view of a real life space via your phone 's camera .
When performed in real - time , this creates a mixed or augmented reality .
Games companies are already using the technique to hide virtual worlds on top of reality .
It 's all getting a bit sci - fi , I think all this is a sign of the times .
In a subtle but steady way we 're all becoming visualisers now .
Daily exposure to the internet is creating an incredibly visually literate generation .
We 're looking at visual design and information visualisation every day .
( Or , if you 're like me , every minute of every day ) .
So we 're used to having , and we 're demanding , information in colourful , designed , visual forms .
In comparison , reading text like this , in linear paragraphs and columns , can seem pretty dour .
Like watching black and white TV .
There can be a directness and clarity to visual information that cuts through the noise , the smoke , and the walls of information around us .
It can help us zoom in and see what really matters .
Or what might be being hidden from us .
And that , I think , is beautiful .
Information is Beautiful will be published in the UK by Collins in February .
It is published as The Visual Miscellaneum in the US by HarperCollins .
Below is a selection of your comments .
As someone who was diagnosed at age 7 as being dyslexic , I was fortunate to have tutors who were able to teach me coping skills so I could excel at school .
One of those coping skills was to use coloured paper and coloured pens in order to help me process information .
Even through my doctorate work and beyond , I always had my box of a dozen different coloured pens , and this continues to be the primary way my brain organises and recalls information .
Andrea , Oxford
As a geomatics student ( someone who makes maps ) , we learn how to make a map show certain aspects of data that we 'd like to convey .
At the same time , we learn how this data can be made to exaggerate or understate the message that is trying to be shown to the audience .
Of course , this is like any source of information , where it can influence a generally accepting audience .
However , I find that people are especially accepting of maps because they assume that maps and the data they show are like road maps and are concretely based on physical objects on the ground that cannot be manipulated .
Considering even physical objects can be manipulated on a map , I believe that everyone should take all information they receive with a grain of salt .
Kevin F , Toronto , Ontario , Canada
The biggest problem with preparing information for visual representation is that those creating the maps or charts or whatever KNOW what they are trying to communicate .
They forget that the viewer will not have their level of knowledge and assumption and simply may fail to " get the point " .
My tip would be always to ask a non-involved person to review your idea at all stages .
I liked the mercury visual ; it was clear and easily understandable in an instant .
Even the Richard Littlejohn conveyed its message immediately .
But the Billion - Dollar O - Gram still has me going " Huh ? " .
It may LOOK amazing ; it may make sense to you with your applied knowledge , but is is actually conveying what you NEED it to say to your target audience ?
Is information art or can art be informative ?
Jaye , Rutland , England
On the o- gram , a quick guess is that the embedded squares are for illustration .
The Iraq war for instance , v African debt in the same scale , and how just a portion of the Iraq expenses could basically turn African nations debt - free .
turn.self.off
I understand now it is possible to distort the truth as easily with data visuals as it is with words .
Stephen Hagan , Paducah , KY US
Yes , it 's pretty .
Yes , it 's easy to understand .
But it is terribly reductionist - and it's just another formulaic way of making our brains more simple , less sophisticated , less detail - oriented , less demanding .
In each of those diagrams , the way the information is portrayed it looks like there is nothing more to say .
That 's the whole shebang .
What 's there to question ?
For instance , in the first diagram , the boxes are totally arbitrary .
Comparing all of Africa 's debt to the cost of the Iraq War ?
What are you implying ?
I think I know ... but others may see something different .
And what about the war in Afghanistan ?
Why choose to compare the cost of the Iraq War to some things , and not others ?
And how is it that - wow !
- all of those boxes just happen to make a neat box when they all meet up ?
It 's not that simple , dear .
Let 's not forget that .
Shona , Paris , France Just to play Devil 's advocate : if visualization is so great , could n't you have conveyed all the ideas in this article using just visualizations ?
Why did you use words ?
Specifically data visualization is good for very large quantities of data that cannot be easily interpreted or even presented in a short word format .
Mat Krepicz , Toronto , Canada
This is the ultimate form of NewSpeak .
Pictures without words .
Totally and wonderfully regressive !
Double plus good !
Monongahela I work in a government department on Whitehall .
Here , we do things in an old fashioned way and I find people do n't naturally take to new ways of delivering business .
For me visual representation is a must but it is hard to find like - minded people .
People just do n't get the mathematics .
Simon Denis , London
The adage " a picture is worth a thousand ( or ten thousand ) words " has been around for quite a while .
Are we this late in realizing it ?
Rumin8r , Vancouver , Canada Perhaps visualisation is better for some , but I hope governments and news agencies will not forget blind people .
As websites become more visual , they become less and less accessible to some of the population .
It is probably best to remember that people have different ways of understanding knowledge ( and some may have limitations which prevent certain ways of understanding ) , so information aimed at the public should not be presented in any one way .
Ann , Amsterdam , The Netherlands I think the best possible example of the graphic presentation of data is Charles Joseph Minard 's depiction of Napoleon 's March to Moscow .
It 's from 1869 , pre-dating and beating all other examples here .
Keith Brooks , Shatesbury I work in local government and struggle time and again to get performance information put into perspective .
More often than not the wording is clear to those who know what is being asked for in an indicator , but for those who glance it is not .
I am always repeating myself on indicators that appear bad , but with relative data presented at the same time shows good performance .
These graphs look great and will be using them in the future .
Calum Clements , Bedford I have never been very good at data charts etc , indeed I am not too good at the moving image , preferring a book or the radio to TV or film , so maybe it 's me ... but I find these charts and pictograms very hard to understand .
They also seem to make it much easier to manipulate the underlying data .
If an issue is important then should n't people make the effort to read and understand the actual facts and figures .
Life is not simple , it never has been and frankly it never will be .
Jules , Brighton I love this trend because it's also very good at putting things into context , something words sometimes struggle to do .
I disagree slightly about the comment on people being more word based and the internet making them more visual .
TV made us visual , the internet pulled us back into words and this kind of visualisation will marry the two .
Cameron , London
Towards the end of this article I got bored and skipped the last four paragraphs .
Then realised it was because there were no more pictures to expand .
I agree , pictures , graphs and charts present information in a more efficient way in this short attention spanned world .
Ashley Heel , Gravesend Excellent and meaningful way of presenting the information .
However , in the billion - dollar - o - gram it is misleading when some areas are embedded within other areas - does the larger area represented include the space of the smaller area ( in which case this should be made clear ) , or does it surround the smaller area which is misleading as it makes the larger area look bigger than it really is ?
E.g : example the Iraq War and African debt areas .
Namche
It 's good to do , but it does n't stop misleading information :
On the mercury chart , the bioavailablity of the mercury is crucial .
When you ask people to learn from pictures instead of focussing on the reality they summarise , the obligation to interpret fairly is that much stronger .
Tom , Headcorn , Kent Some estimates suggest as many as 20 % of all the population is affected by dyslexia , myself included , and colour blindness affects a similar proportion of men .
Visualisation based on maps and shapes , reducing the dependency on words and colours seems to address these largely ignored conditions .
I for one find these far simpler .
Words in some form will be essential for annotation .
D Holme , London
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Martina Metzler peers at the piles of paper strips spread across four desks in her office .
Seeing two jagged edges that match , her eyes light up and she tapes them together .
“ Another join , another small success , ” she says with a wry smile -- even though at least two - thirds of the sheet is still missing .
Metzler , 45 , is a “ puzzler , ” one of a team of eight government workers that has attempted for the last 14 years to manually restore documents hurriedly shredded by East Germany ’s secret police , or Stasi , in the dying days of one of the Soviet bloc ’s most repressive regimes .
Two decades after the heady days when crowds danced atop the Berlin Wall , Germany has reunited and many of its people have moved on .
But historians say it is important to establish the truth about the Communist era , and the work of the puzzlers has unmasked prominent figures in the former East Germany as Stasi agents .
In addition , about 100,000 people annually apply to see their own files .
Advertisement
The Stasi , which is said to have had more than 170,000 informers , succeeded in destroying thousands of files , shredding them in machines called “ ripping wolves ” until the equipment broke down under the weight of the task , then through burning and pulping ( the contents , held in buckets in the archive , are known as “ Stasi porridge ” ) .
At the end , agents tore them by bare hand as the teeming crowds smashed down their doors .
The shredded files , which any good German bureaucrat knows as vorvernichtete Akten or pre-destroyed files -- fill a staggering 16,000 mail sacks that contain about 45 million individual pages , or 600 million scraps .
Thus far , the puzzlers are 440 sacks into the process .
“ If we carry on at this pace we ’ll still be here in 500 years ’ time , ” says Ernst Schroedinger , a 54 - year - old former amateur boxer turned puzzler .
The puzzlers work in a former asylum seekers ’ application office in Zirndorf , a small town in deepest Bavaria .
Entrance to their salmon - colored building is via a high - security electric gate .
On entering , one is struck by the acidic smell of the paper , and by the dust .
Advertisement
The linoleum floor , the milk glass doors , and the absence of computers , as well as the map on the wall that shows the Soviet Union and the GDR , or German Democratic Republic , as East Germany was known , all provide a sense of stepping back in time .
Schroedinger works 41 - hour weeks and averages a sack a year restoring documents on the Stasi ’s surveillance of the army , media , railway and church .
The few files that have so far been pieced together hold piquant details about life in the GDR .
Among them are 1,000 pages of the dossier of Sascha Anderson , an avant - garde artist who was in the service of the Stasi but always denied any deep involvement .
The file showed the extent to which Anderson betrayed fellow artists and dissidents .
There was also the file of Heinrich Fink , a theology professor who was exposed as the spy “ Heiner ” who regularly informed on students and colleagues .
Other prominent cases involve former Red Army Faction terrorists who were harbored by the Stasi , and a Berlin sports doctor who doped East German athletes .
Advertisement
This month , Metzler has been piecing together documents relating to the life of Stefan Heym , a late German - Jewish writer who chose to live in the GDR but was frequently at odds with the regime and was spied on relentlessly .
“ I ’ve just found the sketch of his children ’s bedroom drawn on orders from the Stasi by his cleaning lady , who they code - named ‘ Frieda , ’ ” says Metzler , who reads thrillers in her spare time to relax .
The pencil sketch shows everything from the position of the doors and windows , to the cupboards and rugs .
“ However many documents I piece together , it ’ll never cease to amaze and shock me the extent to which friends , colleagues , even husbands and wives , went to betray each other .
It shows you what a poison regime it was , ” she says .
Advertisement
The puzzlers ’ work helps prevent the public from forgetting how bad the East German regime was , Metzler says .
“ Put it this way , I used to think , why do they keep regurgitating all the stuff about the Hitler regime that happened over 60 years ago , ” she says .
“ And now , since working here , I know why the reconstruction work is so important , so that we do n’t forget , and that ’s what motivates me when some people say our task is hopeless and leads nowhere . ”
She bristles slightly when asked how she keeps up such an apparently thankless task every day .
“ You would n’t ask a baker what drives him to get up and bake his bread , ” she says .
Advertisement
The thousands who apply to see their files would probably agree .
In addition to providing a historical record , the files can help people clear their names .
Some , for instance , apply to gain proof that they were unjustly imprisoned by East German authorities , which may help them clear criminal records that prevent them from getting jobs or help them claim compensation for being persecuted .
At one point , there were about 45 puzzlers , but those who quit or retired have not been replaced .
They are paid a standard German bureaucrat ’s salary of between $ 29,600 and $ 37,000 a year .
Year in , year out , a small delivery truck brings more of the 16,000 sacks to the puzzlers ’ work space and returns reconstructed dossiers to Berlin .
The puzzlers are eventually due to be assisted by a computerized machine , known as the E - Puzzler , developed by scientists at the Fraunhofer Institute , the same lab that created the MP3 format .
The E - Puzzler , believed to be the world ’s most sophisticated pattern - recognition machine , would work by scanning the small paper strips into a computer image file and analyzing their texture , shape , thickness and tear patterns to compose a digitalized image of a whole document .
Advertisement
Its go - ahead , however , depends on political will .
The whole project has attracted criticism from left - wing lawmakers and erstwhile members of the East German Communist Party , who argue it is a waste of money .
“ I resent the fact that East German biographies are being dragged through the mud , ” said Egon Krenz , East Germany ’s last Communist leader , who spent 6 1/ 2 years in prison for his role in the regime .
“ I ’d say they could use the money more effectively elsewhere , just like when they invested in East German autobahns in the early 1990s , which is something everyone can benefit from . ”
So far , $ 9 million has been allocated to the project by the German Parliament , but much more would be needed to install and maintain the E - Puzzler .
Former leading East German dissident Baerbel Bohley said Germany cannot afford to halt the project .
Advertisement
“ You can not put a price on the importance of this , ” she said .
“ There is so much potential in the files , to find out who did what to whom , and in order for historians in later years to be able to understand how a totalitarian regime comes about in the first place . ”
On a recent visit to the former Stasi headquarters in Berlin , Chancellor Angela Merkel , who grew up in East Germany , said the large number of applications from people wishing to view the information the Stasi held on them showed that people want to know more , even if the truth is bitter .
“ To have the knowledge about what happened is for the majority better than not having that knowledge , or not being allowed access to it , ” she said .
The Senate approved yet another plan to stimulate the economy .
It 's called throwing $ 33 billion at homebuilders .
This is of course doing nothing but giving money to the greedy pigs that helped create this mess .
However , that is the way Washington works .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid even had the gall to brag about it .
Please consider Senate Approves Extended U.S. Homebuyer Tax Credit .
The U.S. Senate approved a $ 45 billion plan to expand a tax credit for first - time homebuyers , extend jobless benefits and provide tax refunds to money - losing companies .
Lawmakers voted 98 - 0 for the measure , sending it to the House , where Majority Leader Steny Hoyer of Maryland said in a statement it will receive a vote as early as tomorrow .
The bill then would be forwarded to President Barack Obama for his signature .
The plan would be the first major extension of provisions in February ’s economic stimulus plan .
The $ 8,000 homebuyers ’ tax credit , slated to expire this month , would continue until April 30 and be expanded to include people with higher incomes and some who already own homes .
That would cost about $ 10 billion in the fiscal year that began Oct. 1 , according to Congress ’s Joint Committee on Taxation .
The measure includes $ 2.4 billion to extend unemployment benefits for as many as 20 weeks , enough to aid the jobless through the holiday season .
It would loosen tax rules for homebuilders and other money - losing companies to let them claim an estimated $ 33 billion in tax refunds this year , according to Joint Committee on Taxation estimates .
“ Republicans used every trick in the book to slow and stall and ensure we can’t do important work , ” Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , a Nevada Democrat , said today .
Other Stimulus Measures
Lawmakers are still considering whether to extend several other elements of the stimulus package , including subsidies to help the jobless buy health insurance and increased funds for food stamps .
Obama has called for sending seniors $ 250 checks because they wo n’t get a cost - of - living increase next year in their Social Security checks .
Waste of Money
Senator Christopher Bond , a Missouri Republican , called the tax credit a waste of money , saying studies show that most of those claiming the break would have bought homes anyway .
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. said in a research note yesterday that the credit probably spurred 200,000 home sales that otherwise would n’t have occurred .
Extending the credit to people who own homes would n’t reduce the excess housing blamed for the slump because “ every buyer taking advantage of the move - up credit would necessarily be a seller , ” Goldman Sachs said .
It said the plan may increase housing prices by 1 percent because “ sellers are likely to incorporate a fraction of the credit amount in their sale prices . ”
Waste Of Money
WASHINGTON 
With high - profile investigations under way against Democrats and Republicans , Congress is facing a series of difficult tests of the toughened ethics system that it put in place to weed out corruption and malfeasance among its members .
Two years ago , after a scandal that centered on the disgraced lobbyist Jack Abramoff , the House created an independent ethics office as part of what Speaker Nancy Pelosi called an effort to end the “ culture of corruption ” in Washington .
The Senate also took action , setting up what it described as tough new regulations .
Since then , however , no member of Congress has been censured , the toughest punishment short of expulsion , despite a number of recent scandals involving sexual impropriety , financial dealings and conflicts of interest .
The record illustrates how Congress has struggled to police itself after years in which its ethics committees were often derided as ineffectual .
For instance , two weeks after public disclosures raised questions about the involvement of Senator John Ensign , Republican of Nevada , in possible illegal lobbying , Senate ethics officials have yet to contact the former top Ensign aide at the heart of the case , even though they portray it as a serious matter .
Meanwhile , the investigation of the finances and fund - raising of Representative Charles B. Rangel , Democrat of New York , has dragged on for more than a year and has become the subject of tense political infighting .
PADANG , Indonesia — Rescue workers , friends and family members frantically searched for survivors of a major earthquake for a second straight night , many of them using nothing but flashlights , as the death toll continued to rise here in West Sumatra .
Coordinators of the rescue effort have predicted there could be more than 1,000 killed by the quake , which struck Wednesday evening .
A smaller , second earthquake rocked the region Thursday morning , just as residents and rescue workers were waking up to see the devastation around them .
In Padang , the capital of West Sumatra , officials confirmed Thursday that more than 400 bodies had so far been pulled from wrecked buildings .
Hundreds more , they said , were still trapped .
In Pariaman , the closest village to the epicenter of the first quake , which measured a magnitude 7.6 , police said about 200 people had been killed , many of them buried by a series of landslides dislodged by the earthquake .
One villager from the area said the majority of the houses there had been flattened .
Police also said there were areas of West Sumatra where rescue workers had not yet been able to reach , indicating the damage could be even more widespread than originally thought .
A military spokesman said a thousand troops has been flown in Thursday to help in the rescue effort , while the finance ministry said $ 26 million in cash aid had been approved for the thousands who had lost their homes .
In many cases using only their hands , rescue workers scoured hundreds of felled buildings in the capital , including one large hotel that had totally collapsed , trapping almost a hundred people inside .
Rescue workers and aid began arriving in large numbers Thursday afternoon , but many residents were still left to search on their own .
Outside a collapsed office building in the city ’s center , colleagues sifted through debris , looking for coworkers .
“ I ’m scared .
I do n’t know what to do .
My friend is still trapped inside , ” said Yudi , 20 , who said he escaped minutes before the building collapsed .
“ Everyone was panicking , trying to rescue themselves .
But some people did n’t make it out in time . ”
Complicating the relief effort , Padang ’s main hospital , called Djamil , is now in ruins , along with several other smaller ones .
At Djamil , patients slept beneath makeshift tents in the parking lot , many of them on the ground .
At another private hospital , many of the injured stayed indoors despite huge , jagged cracks in the walls and roof .
A large section of the parking lot at Djamil has been reserved for the deceased , but bodies were being left wherever there was space .
Family members shrieked and sobbed as police lined up scores of bodies near the front of the hospital for them to identify .
A large crowd of residents surrounded the bodies , standing on curbs , boxes and cars , anxiously trying to get a look at the faces of the dead .
Meanwhile , ambulances sped in and out , dropping off more and more injured and dead .
Nurses and doctors there were fast running out of supplies , which were strewn all over the parking lot .
As the day wore on , exhausted hospital staff were unable to immediately treat many of the seriously injured .
Thousands in this city of almost 1 million people began panicking all over again Thursday afternoon after hearing rumors that a massive aftershock was imminent .
Local folklore says a major earthquake will hit the region every 200 years , and many think Wednesday ’s tremblor was only the beginning .
As such , residents rushed the few still functioning gas stations , stockpiling fuel for their cars , motorbikes and generators .
Long lines of traffic waiting for fuel blocked major roadways , blocking ambulances and other rescue vehicles .
Residents were also snatching up fruits and vegetables at a large streetside market , much of which had partially collapsed , ignoring a raging fire that was quickly spreading throughout the wooden shops .
Survivors stayed outside all day and were preparing to spend a second night sleeping outdoors , often on the side of the road in front of their shops and houses .
As night fell , many residents sat around small campfires , while the majority of Padang remained without electricity or cell phone coverage .
Disaster management officials in Jakarta said it could be up to four days before electricity returned to the area .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A strange looking cat has been causing a stir at a veterinary hospital in America .
The cat 's name is Ugly Bat Boy and he is bald apart from a furry chest .
Dr Stephen Bassett was given the cat by a client and says Ugly is happy with the attention he attracts at his surgery in Exeter , New Hampshire , in the USA .
Hospital staff say the curious cat can scare and mesmerise people .
Germany 's most popular women 's magazine is banning professional models from its pages and replacing them with images of " real life " women instead .
In what is seen as the latest attempt to stamp out the " size zero " model , the editors of Brigitte said it would in future only use women with " normal figures " .
" From 2010 we will not work with professional models any more , " said Andreas Lebert , editor - in - chief , adding that he was " fed up " with having to retouch pictures of underweight models who bore no resemblance to ordinary women .
" For years we 've had to use Photoshop to fatten the girls up , " he said .
" Especially their thighs , and decolletage .
But this is disturbing and perverse and what has it got to do with our real reader ? "
He said the move was a response to complaints by readers who said they had no connection with the women depicted in fashion features and " no longer wanted to see protruding bones " .
" Today 's models weigh around 23 % less than normal women , " Lebert said .
" The whole model industry is anorexic . "
Brigitte , which is Germany 's best - selling women 's title with more than 700,000 copies , offers readers a familiar diet of fitness , lifestyle , recipes and sex , which tends to appeal to upwardly mobile younger career women .
Lebert said the magazine would call on German women to put themselves forward as models for fashion and makeup articles .
" We 're looking for women who have their own identity , whether it be the 18 - year - old A - level student , the company chairwoman , the musician , or the footballer , " he said , adding that he wanted a mix between prominent and completely unknown women and would look out for politicians and actresses interested in modelling .
Critics accused Brigitte of seeking a cost - cutting strategy at a time of declining magazine sales , and of dressing it up as a campaign issue to attract new readers , but Lebert insisted the " ordinary women " would be paid the same amounts that the magazine would otherwise pay model agencies .
No one has yet been signed up for the new initiative , but Lebert is thought to be scouting around .
He will undoubtedly extend an invitation to Chancellor Angela Merkel .
While her fashion sense has sometimes been questioned , she makes headlines each year with her eye - catching choices of ballgowns at the annual Wagner festival in Bayreuth , and she recently had a Barbie doll modelled after her .
Other figureheads might include arguably the most successful female tennis player of all time , Steffi Graf , or the country 's popular family minister , mother of seven , Ursula von der Leyen .
German commentators said that Brigitte 's move had clearly been inspired by British Vogue editor Alexandra Shulman 's recent appeal to major fashion houses to end the " size - zero " culture .
Two years ago Spain introduced a law banning models who were " too thin " from the catwalks .
Model agencies reacted with scepticism to the Brigitte plan .
Louisa von Minckwitz , owner of Louisa Models in Munich and Hamburg , where models have to be " size 36 ( UK size 10 ) , tending towards size 34 ( UK size 8 ) " , said she understood the rage about underweight models but doubted that readers really wanted to buy a magazine to look at ordinary women .
" The fact is that women want to see clothes on beautiful , aesthetically pleasing people , " she said .
• This article was amended on 8 October 2009 .
The original misspelled the name of the editor of British Vogue .
This has been corrected .
Size zero debate
• In 2006 the fashion world was rocked after a string of models , including Uruguayan sisters Luisel and Eliana Ramos , died after extreme dieting .
The Council of Fashion Designers of America recommended that runway models be aged over 16 , Spain banned models weighing less than 8st 11lb from Madrid 's Fashion Week and Italy banned stick - thin women from Milan 's fashion shows .
• In January 2007 , Spanish shop window dummies were increased to size 10 following an agreement between Spanish retail chains such as Zara and Mango and the country 's health ministry .
• In April 2008 French MPs , fashion industry leaders and advertisers signed a separate voluntary charter on promoting healthier body images .
• In September 2009 , American Glamour magazine was applauded after publishing a picture of " plus size " model Lizzie Miller , without airbrushing the image .
Scholars Win $ 21,000 in Templeton Fellowships Essay Contest
OAKLAND , Calif. , Oct. 5 , 2009 The Independent Institute announced the six winners of the 2009 Sir John M. Templeton Fellowships Essay Contest this week .
Three college students and three junior faculty will receive $ 21,000 in prize money .
Essayists were asked to consider Benjamin Franklins remark that  Only a virtuous people are capable of freedom .
As nations become corrupt and vicious , they have more need of masters ,  and respond to the question :
Which virtues contribute the most toward achieving freedom , and how can the institutions of civil society encourage the exercise of those virtues ?
 The contest winners deserve our highest accolades ,  said Carl Close , Academic Affairs Director of the Independent Institute .
 By identifying key connections between virtue , freedom and civil society , these young scholars have reinforced the intellectual edifice on which liberty stands . 
In the junior faculty division , Ben ONeill ( University of South Wales ) won $ 10,000 in first place for  The Threat of Virtue : Why Independence and Integrity Threaten the State . 
In second place , Ross Corbett ( Northern Illinois University ) won $ 5,000 for  Liberal Education for Liberal Democracy . 
Finally , Claudia Williamson ( Appalachian State University ) received $ 1,500 in third place for  Civilizing Society : Virtues , Freedom , and Development . 
In the college student division , Brad Taylors ( University of Canterbury )  Virtue and the Voluntary  received $ 2,500 in first place .
Second place went to Jordan Paul Smith ( Cornell University ) , along with $ 1,500 , for  Principled Independence . 
Lastly ,  Libertarian Entrepreneurs : Lives of Virtuosity and Generosity  secured third place and $ 1,000 for Antonio Zanella ( Universidad Rey Juan Carlos ) .
Administered by the Independent Institute and funded by the John Templeton Foundation , the contest encourages college students and untenured college professors around the world to study the meaning and significance of economic and personal liberty .
A panel of judges reviews each submission .
This years judges were professors Jonathan Bean ( Southern Illinois University ) , Roderick Long ( Auburn University ) , and Benjamin Powell ( Suffolk University ) .
To download an application for the 2010 contest , please see :
http://www.independent.org/students/essay/
# # #
The Bredell & Bredell family of attorneys is dedicated to helping you , your family and loved ones overcome tough times and ease your burdens .
We treat you and your loved ones with compassion , attention and respect .
We handle your case with dedication and put our full resources and skills behind it to maximize your compensation .
Our multi-million dollar record of results speaks for itself .
From our law offices in Ann Arbor , Ypsilanti and Jackson , Michigan , we handle serious personal injury cases , including wrongful death , motor vehicle accident and all other claims , as well as denials of insurance claims .
What people need is health care .
Yet on both ( or every ) side of the current health care debate the discussion centers on how people will obtain insurance , not how people will obtain health care .
Why is it assumed by everyone that a third - party payer should be the primary way that people pay for health care ?
And that the obligation of the third party to pay should be secured not by the consumer but by a fourth party ( their employer or government ) ?
Even Dr. Robert Murphy on Mises.org devotes most of his space to analyzing the problems with insurance in his discussion of the current system .
For almost every other good or service in our lives , people pay cash out of current income , obtain credit , or save up cash reserves .
Insurance plays a role in only a minority of our purchases .
Off hand I can think of residential property destruction , car theft , and accidental death or permanent disability as the other common forms of insurance for consumers / property owners .
Even more troubling to me is that the meaning of the word insurance has become corrupted in public discourse .
What most people mean when they talk about obtaining health insurance is “ How can I find a third party who will provide me with unlimited consumption of health care at no or minimal cost to me ? ”
The current health care debate seems to be about the search for a system where everyone can obtain unlimited care at no cost to anyone .
I believe that employer - provided plans are responsible for the illusion of no cost to the insured .
Most employed workers do not understand that they pay for employer costs incurred on their behalf through reduced wages .
The tax system is partially responsible for this — by making the employer ’s but not the employee ’s premium payment tax deductible — but that is not the whole story .
The lack of economic reasoning by the general public is also partly to blame .
Few realize that the opportunity cost to the employer of providing the plan is less money available to pay wages .
But even if employers were not paying for insurance , why does everyone assume that a third - party payer is the best model ?
Let ’s go back to the definition of insurance and then address this question .
Insurance , in law and economics , is a form of risk management primarily used to hedge against the risk of a contingent loss .
Insurance is defined as the equitable transfer of the risk of a loss , from one entity to another , in exchange for a premium , and can be thought of as a guaranteed and known small loss to prevent a large , possibly devastating loss .
Insurable risks share certain characteristics , among them , a small risk of loss , the magnitude of a loss would be too great for the insured to afford , and when the risk is spread over a large number of similar cases , the premium for each insured is affordable .
For market conditions to make insurance a sensible model , a risk must meet all of these characteristics .
Let ’s segment health care consumption into various categories :
predictable care : annual physicals , tests you get every year , getting your teeth cleaned , care for a chronic but manageable condition , e.g. a medication or regular chiropractor visits , or a planned event such as giving birth
: annual physicals , tests you get every year , getting your teeth cleaned , care for a chronic but manageable condition , e.g. a medication or regular chiropractor visits , or a planned event such as giving birth unpredictable non-serious care : minor injury , tooth cavity , a cut
: minor injury , tooth cavity , a cut unpredictable but serious health emergencies : getting hit by a car , a life - threatening illness
The first two of these categories are clearly not insurable because the risk of an event is close to 100 % .
The third category is the best suited for the insurance model , but even then , only if the cost of obtaining care for an accident or illness is necessarily too great for an individual to afford and the likelihood of such an occurrence is small enough that the risk can be spread over a large population of insured .
I frequently hear people ask , “ how can someone with an illness obtain insurance ? ”
If you think about this for a moment , the question does n’t make any sense .
It would not make sense for an insurer to insure someone who already had incurred the insured risk .
What the sick person needs is care , not ( necessarily ) insurance .
it is not clear a priori that the cost of care would be too great for the ill person to afford .
Current prices for care are quite high , but the prices of health care as they are now have a lot to do with the four - party system .
This has resulted in a system where prices are high in part because we have insurance , yet we must have insurance because prices are so high .
Prices would be a lot different under a cash - paying system , for several reasons : people would become price - sensitive in their consumption decisions ; costs in the provision of care would not be generated by monitoring costs created by a third party payer ; and providers would have to compete on the basis of price .
See this discussion of health care in India for a case study .
In making the calculation of whether they could afford care without insurance , people ignore how much purchasing power they are already giving up in terms of lower wages due to employer - provided plans .
If your employer is providing a family plan that costs several hundred dollars per month , this is costing you thousands of dollars annually in lower wages .
Having your employer purchase a policy on your behalf also creates the well - known inconvenience of lack of portability of plans when you change jobs .
I have not seen anyone address the cost in lost wages of people not changing jobs due to health care portability .
I know that this is an issue because I have heard many people talk about the insurance as a factor employment decisions .
I wonder how many people do not change to an ( otherwise ) better job due to the portability issue .
I wo n’t begin to discuss the problems created by supply restrictions .
We should not limit the discussion to insurance reforms : we should be talking about what is the best system for everyone to obtain care at the lowest price .
Insurance may be one means of securing this , but the word “ insurance ” should not become synonymous with care itself .
Focusing all of the discussion on the best model for insurance leaves out the more fruitful discussion that would result if we began to compare alternative payment models , including a cash payment system .
It is my view that the four party system is an artifact of the regulatory regime , not a successful market model for payment .
In a deregulated market , most care would not be paid for by insurance companies ; it would provided in return for cash payments directly from the consumer to the provider .
Insurance , were it used , would only make sense with very high deductibles and low premiums in order to segregate routine care from infrequent but high cost risks .
The government ’s new contractor to run Los Alamos ...
A tale of two states : Ohio and New ...
NYC gears up for another first day of ...
Back when I was taking flying lessons at Evergreen Field in Vancouver in the mid-1990s , there was an adage that circulated among the flight instructors and pilots there : " How do you make a small fortune in aviation ?
You start with a large one . "
For a little over a year now , Kent Craford , formerly a lobbyist with the Gallatin Group , and a couple of associates , have set out to disprove that adage .
During a time when airlines have been going bankrupt left and right , Craford and his partners launched a new airline .
SeaPort Airlines , initially offering 10 daily commuter flights from Portland to Seattle , is not only thriving but growing .
Flying nine - passenger Pilatus PC - 12 aircraft , SeaPort has now expanded to providing regular air service to Pendleton , Astoria and Newport and will soon be offering four new commuter routes in Arkansas .
" In the post - 9/11 world , " Craford told me , " we identified a need and moved to fill it .
Remember when Congressman ( Peter ) DeFazio threw a fit when he was pulled out of line at PDX for a security check and complained that he was one of the congressmen that established the TSA regulations ?
Well , we realized that business travelers were being terribly inconvenienced by the TSA regulations .
So we decided to right - size the platform for the market and offered them a way to get from Portland to Seattle without dealing with airport security . "
Transportation Security Administration regulations apply only to aircraft that carry 30 passengers or more .
Because SeaPort 's aircraft are smaller , business travelers to Seattle can enjoy commuting without the hassle of airport security screeners .
" I supported Bush , " Craford said , " and was involved with his campaign .
But the TSA was a big mistake .
Making the screeners federal employees was the biggest expansion of the federal government we 've seen .
Although it serves as a deterrent , the TSA really is n't very effective .
In random testing something like 70 percent of the attempts to smuggle things onto airplanes are successful .
By avoiding security our passengers can arrive 15 minutes before flight time , show their I.D. and be in Seattle in 40 minutes . "
The other advantage SeaPort offers to business commuters is that their flights arrive at Boeing Field in Seattle , rather than at SeaTac .
" The crown jewel of our operation , " Craford said , " is that we fly into Boeing Field .
That saves about 45 minutes of driving compared to flying into SeaTac . "
I asked Craford whether SeaPort had regular customers .
" Not only do we have regulars , " he said , " we have evangelists .
We have one person with retail operations in both Seattle and Portland who said that SeaPort air has been a ' game - changer ' for them .
I suppose if we'd had an aviation background , we'd have never tried this .
But a political hack like me and two real estate guys did n't know any better .
What 's interesting is free enterprise is like water flowing downhill .
You can't stop it and it seeks its own level .
If there 's a need , it gets filled , and a business succeeds as a result . "
Portland Mayor Sam Adams has an economic development task force that has promised to bring " green " jobs to Portland to solve our unemployment problem .
The group has developed elaborate timelines for nurturing certain industries .
Unfortunately the timeline continues to be revised to extend the research phase and delay the implementation .
The reason is simple .
Rather than letting the waters of free enterprise seek their own level , they are trying to dig canals to channel those waters .
And the more they dig , the more stagnant the waters become .
They need to take a lesson from Kent Craford and the guys at SeaPort Airlines .
Dave Lister is a small - business owner who served on Portland 's Small Business Advisory Council .
SEAPORT AIRLINES ' SUCCESS
HEADLINE : A high - flying lesson
on free enterprise
dave lister
B ack when I was taking flying lessons at Evergreen Field in Vancouver in the mid-1990s , there was an adage that circulated among the flight instructors and pilots there : " How do you make a small fortune in aviation ?
You start with a large one . "
For a little over a year now , Kent Craford , formerly a lobbyist with the Gallatin Group , and a couple of associates , have set out to disprove that adage .
During a time when airlines have been going bankrupt left and right , Craford and his partners launched a new airline .
SeaPort Airlines , initially offering 10 daily commuter flights from Portland to Seattle , is not only thriving but growing .
Flying nine - passenger Pilatus PC - 12 aircraft , SeaPort has now expanded to providing regular air service to Pendleton , Astoria and Newport and will soon be offering four new commuter routes in Arkansas .
" In the post - 9/11 world , " Craford told me , " we identified a need and moved to fill it .
Remember when Congressman ( Peter ) DeFazio threw a fit when he was pulled out of line at PDX for a security check and complained that he was one of the congressmen that established the TSA regulations ?
Well , we realized that business travelers were being terribly inconvenienced by the TSA regulations .
So we decided to right - size the platform for the market and offered them a way to get from Portland to Seattle without dealing with airport security . "
Transportation Security Administration regulations apply only to aircraft that carry 30 passengers or more .
Because SeaPort 's aircraft are smaller , business travelers to Seattle can enjoy commuting without the hassle of airport security screeners .
" I supported Bush , " Craford said , " and was involved with his campaign .
But the TSA was a big mistake .
Making the screeners federal employees was the biggest expansion of the federal government we 've seen .
Although it serves as a deterrent , the TSA really is n't very effective .
In random testing something like 70 percent of the attempts to smuggle things onto airplanes are successful .
By avoiding security our passengers can arrive 15 minutes before flight time , show their I.D. and be in Seattle in 40 minutes . "
The other advantage SeaPort offers to business commuters is that their flights arrive at Boeing Field in Seattle , rather than at SeaTac .
" The crown jewel of our operation , " Craford said , " is that we fly into Boeing Field .
That saves about 45 minutes of driving compared to flying into SeaTac . "
I asked Craford whether SeaPort had regular customers .
" Not only do we have regulars , " he said , " we have evangelists .
We have one person with retail operations in both Seattle and Portland who said that SeaPort air has been a ' game - changer ' for them .
I suppose if we'd had an aviation background , we'd have never tried this .
But a political hack like me and two real estate guys did n't know any better .
What 's interesting is free enterprise is like water flowing downhill .
You can't stop it and it seeks its own level .
If there 's a need , it gets filled , and a business succeeds as a result . "
Portland Mayor Sam Adams has an economic development task force that has promised to bring " green " jobs to Portland to solve our unemployment problem .
The group has developed elaborate timelines for nurturing certain industries .
Unfortunately the timeline continues to be revised to extend the research phase and delay the implementation .
The reason is simple .
Rather than letting the waters of free enterprise seek their own level , they are trying to dig canals to channel those waters .
And the more they dig , the more stagnant the waters become .
They need to take a lesson from Kent Craford and the guys at SeaPort Airlines .
Dave Lister is a small - business owner who served on Portland 's Small Business Advisory Council .
October 31 , 2009 — Alderson Warm - Fork
I ’ve been spending a lot of time recently listening to people talk about , and talking about , the ‘ argument from evil ’ .
To put it in its simplest possible form , it goes like this :
1 ) If the creator of the world is good and omnipotent , then the world should contain only good things , and a minimum of evil necessary for greater goods .
2 ) Have you looked at the world recently ?
Therefore 3 ) There is probably no good , omnipotent , creator , i.e. no God .
This initial atheistic part of the argument is pretty simple ( everybody accepts that P implies Q , not - Q , therefore not - P is a logically valid structure ) , so the bulk of the discussion then becomes a matter of theists arguing that actually , the world ’s pretty great , the evil things in it are perfectly justified and necessary , and everything is for the best , and atheists trying to resist that .
I could rehearse the arguments here , and why I think the atheistic side is correct .
But I suspect they ’d be fairly old .
Maybe some other time if people are interested .
But there ’s something else I get in these sorts of discussions sometimes that ’s a bit less intellectual .
I think I ’ve reached the point where ‘ defenses of God ’ are not just unpersuasive , but hard to stomach .
That is , I feel not so much like I ’m in the presence of a position I disagree with , but a mindset which is hostile to humanity as such .
And today this reached a sort of beautiful conclusion , when one of my theistic interlocutors summed up the principle underlying it all .
But that principle can be seen as growing out of pretty much every theistic strategy employed here .
The worst in some ways are the fiddly arguments , the whole papers devoted to proving ‘ that it may be the case , given certain major assumptions , that the best possible universe would have to include at least a little bit of evil . ’
As if that ’s relevant .
As if the impulses behind this sort of atheism is just the tepid observation that ‘ hmm , sometimes things are n’t perfect ’ .
If this sort of thing is n’t a joke , it ’s evidence of a colossal sort of self - blindfolding , a resolute refusal to consider the scale of the relevant facts .
In short , this is n’t so much an argument , or a position , as a symptom , a socially - acceptable flaunting of a morally deformed mindset .
The same is true of other claims .
Sometimes the claim is that evil and suffering exists to help ‘ develop us ’ morally , to help make us better people .
By struggling through adversity and displaying heroic self - sacrifice , we justify both the atrocities and the general hum - drum grinding crappiness of life .
If this were true it would be a strikingly inefficient method for a omnipotent being to employ .
Sometimes suffering and injustice improve us ; but just as often they worsen us .
Arguably , in fact , the real origin of most of the more spectacular forms of human evil we observe is previous frustration and suffering .
People repeat the abuse they ’ve been taught .
Accepting this argument , in fact , implies something like the following : if we want people to develop personally , we should throw them unprepared into a traumatic environment , somewhere filled with dangers and with only difficult and often illusory goals to pursue , where they do n’t know what they ’re doing and where the easiest way to get ahead is to turn on the others there with them and build up multiple levels of psychological self - defense to block out all the shit .
It ’s not just that I think that ’s false .
It ’s that I think it has some very frightening implications about how to raise children .
Or , half the time , the claim is that every form of human evil is an unavoidable consequence of ‘ free will ’ .
This has two implications : firstly , in general , that the situation in which people are placed has a negligible effect on how they will act , and whatever they do is an indication of their own inner nature – in psychology , this recognised and recognisably false cognitive bias is called the ‘ fundamental attribution error ‘ .
Secondly , in particular , it implies that the sort of horrors that are routinely committed around the world are simply expressions of what people really want .
If someone chooses to plot the extermination of a whole race , it must because they ’re the sort of person who just loves extermination – not because of some pressure , some insufficiency , some confusion , but because their innermost soul just spits forth as its truest desire the utter negation of humanity .
So on the one hand we have a pervasive psychological bias being not just endorsed but turned up to the absolute max . , and on the other we have ‘ some people just want to be monsters , on a whim ’ – or else that ’s their innate , fixed - at - birth nature .
After all , it ca n’t be some external cause deforming them , because then it would be God ’s responsibility .
So the constant pressure is towards : people are evil , fear them , hate them .
Or of course it may just be ‘ moves in mysterious ways ’ ( nowadays apparently this gets called skeptical theism ) .
Supposedly our ability to understand what ’s good and bad is just so limited that it makes no sense for us to try and evaluate whether the evil in the world is justified or unjustified .
Or to put it another way : just put aside everything that hurts you .
All your grief and desperation and despair , put it aside .
It ’s not a good guide to reality .
Let ’s be objective about this : your personal tragedies tell us literally nothing about the world .
Nor do the millions of others who can share their personal tragedies .
Of course , one of the consequences of this is then that we are also too cognitively limited to understand what ’s right and wrong ( not to mention that we are , as said above , evil ) .
No matter : we have holy books , and holy men ( that is not the neuter masculine , note ) and so forth to tell us what ’s right and wrong .
No matter that those sources tell us appalling lies ( burn pigeons as an atonement for menstruating ! ) .
No matter that we need to apply interpretation anyway , which always throws us back onto those darned cognitive faculties of ours .
But then there ’s the point where all these somewhat - disguised versions of the underlying principle come out into the open .
This is the doctrine that no suffering is unjustified : humans have no right to object to the misery which may characterise their lives , because as creatures of original sin , it is their just punishment .
When this was stated to me today explicitly by a friend , I was at first incredulous .
I asked , half - ironically :
“ So all human beings deserve to be tortured and killed ? ”
And the response was : “ yes . ”
An unhesitant , confident , “ yes ” .
Let ’s just lay that out again : “ All human beings deserve to be tortured and killed . ”
This is not a wacko newfangled idea , this is an idea with plenty of Christian history behind it , plenty of explicit statement in Grand and Respected theologians .
But what about babies ?
Yep , babies too .
And 3 - year - olds , 6 - year - olds , and 10 - year - olds .
Animals , of course , are free of ‘ original sin ’ , but also have no rights whatsoever – their suffering and death is merely unimportant , not actually a positive instance of justice .
But wait , why are n’t you out with your righteousknife ?
Ah , because human beings do n’t have the right to inflict the suffering and death .
It would be cool if it came about , of course , but we must restrain ourselves and let God do it .
Of course at this point it all falls into place .
The idea that the best way to morally improve people is by psychologically destroying them , the idea that we ca n’t ever confidently declare any tragedy or atrocity to be genuinely bad ( it might work out ok according to the Divine Plan , after all ) .
The idea that people just produce their evil behaviour out of themselves independently of their environment .
They ’re all just versions , disguised in one way or another , of the basic principle , which is a sort of cosmic victim - blaming and Stockholm syndrome .
And this is hardly surprising .
Boiled down , the theistic response to the simple argument I started with is also very simple :
1 ) Life ’s a bitch , and then you die ;
2 ) Whatever happens is God ’s will , and is good ;
Therefore 3 ) All human beings deserve to be tortured and killed .
And I ca n’t think of a more evil principle than that .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Campos Meta 1's car for its debut Formula 1 season has been homologated by the FIA following a series of tests last week .
The homologation process was carried out at Dallara 's facilities in Parma , where the Italian manufacturer is designing Campos 's car .
" The homologation of the cockpit is a critical point that defines the status and quality of a Formula 1 car , " said the team 's technical director Toni Cuquerella .
" The fact of having our cockpit completely homologised puts us in a privileged position and allows us to keep on developing the car .
" Dallara has done a great job in order to have everything on time and pass all the tests on the first attempt .
We still have to pass the homologation of the rear structure which follows the same process and has already passed our previous internal tests . "
Team boss Adrian Campos added : " It 's a great satisfaction to pass these homologation FIA tests .
It shows the technical strength of the partners and suppliers we have gathered for our entry in the Formula 1 .
" I want to thank Dallara for the compromise shown in the task of fulfilling the original schedule .
We still have a long journey in front of us but at this stage we are confident that we will be able to cover all the steps needed to make it with guarantees to the inaugural weekend of the season in Bahrain " .
What ’s happening to Wikipedia ’s volunteer community ?
Earlier this week , the Wall Street Journal reported that “ Volunteers Log Off as Wikipedia Ages ” .
The article is a comprehensive description of the challenges and opportunities facing the Wikipedia community .
Among other things , it describes recent research findings regarding the number of Wikipedia editors .
A quote from the article : “ In the first three months of 2009 , the English - language Wikipedia suffered a net loss of more than 49,000 editors , compared to a net loss of 4,900 during the same period a year earlier , according to Spanish researcher Felipe Ortega . ”
Other news stories have further focused on this particular number , some going so far to predict Wikipedia ’s imminent demise , others highlighting its strengths and resilience .
It ’s understandable that media will look for a compelling narrative .
Our job is to arrive at a nuanced understanding of what ’s going on .
This blog post is therefore an attempt to dig deeper into the numbers and into what ’s happening with Wikipedia ’s volunteer community , and to describe our big picture strategy .
In a nutshell , here ’s what we know :
The number of people reading Wikipedia continues to grow .
In October , we had 344 million unique visitors from around the world , according to comScore Media Metrix , up 6 % from September .
Wikipedia is the fifth most popular web property in the world .
The number of articles in Wikipedia keeps growing .
There are about 14.4 million articles in Wikipedia , with thousands of new ones added every day .
The number of people writing Wikipedia peaked about two and a half years ago , declined slightly for a brief period , and has remained stable since then .
Every month , some people stop writing , and every month , they are replaced by new people .
The numbers quoted in the Wall Street Journal are the result of analysis by Spanish researcher Dr. Felipe Ortega .
Dr. Ortega has conducted valuable research on a wide range of aspects of the projects hosted by the Wikimedia Foundation .
It is , however , important to understand the meaning of the cited numbers .
Dr. Ortega ’s findings are described in his doctoral thesis “ Wikipedia : A quantitative analysis . ”
First , it ’s important to note that Dr. Ortega ’s study of editing patterns defines as an editor anyone who has made a single edit , however experimental .
This results in a total count of three million editors across all languages .
In our own analytics , we choose to define editors as people who have made at least 5 edits .
By our narrower definition , just under a million people can be counted as editors across all languages combined .
Both numbers include both active and inactive editors .
It ’s not yet clear how the patterns observed in Dr. Ortega ’s analysis could change if focused only on editors who have moved past initial experimentation .
Even more importantly , the findings reported by the Wall Street Journal are not a measure of the number of people participating in a given month .
Rather , they come from the part of Dr. Ortega ’s research that attempts to measure when individual Wikipedia volunteers start editing , and when they stop .
Because it ’s impossible to make a determination that a person has left and will never edit again , there are methodological challenges with determining the long term trend of joining and leaving : Dr. Ortega qualifies as the editor ’s “ log - off date ” the last time they contributed .
This is a snapshot in time and does n’t predict whether the same person will make an edit in the future , nor does it reflect the actual number of active editors in that month .
Dr. Ortega supplements this research with data about the actual participation ( number of changes , number of editors ) in the different language editions of our projects .
His findings regarding actual participation are generally consistent with our own , as well as those of other researchers such as Xerox PARC ’s Augmented Social Cognition research group .
What do those numbers show ?
Studying the number of actual participants in a given month shows that Wikipedia participation as a whole has declined slightly from its peak 2.5 years ago , and has remained stable since then .
( See WikiStats data for all Wikipedia languages combined . )
On the English Wikipedia , the peak number of active editors ( 5 edits per month ) was 54,510 in March 2007 .
After a more significant decline by about 25 % , it has been stable over the last year at a level of approximately 40,000 .
( See WikiStats data for the English Wikipedia . )
Many other Wikipedia language editions saw a rise in the number of editors in the same time period .
As a result the overall number of editors on all projects combined has been stable at a high level over recent years .
We ’re continuing to work with Dr. Ortega to specifically better understand the long - term trend in editor retention , and whether this trend may result in a decrease of the number of editors in the future .
Let ’s move on to the bigger picture .
The mission of the Wikimedia Foundation , a non-profit organization , is to ensure that every single human being can share in the sum of all knowledge .
Both the health and growth of our volunteer community are key to succeeding in that endeavor .
This is why the Wikimedia Foundation works with researchers from around the world to understand what is happening in its projects , supports comprehensive analytics work , and is pursuing long term initiatives to recruit new editors and support the development of its communities :
Our usability initiative is making it easier to contribute to Wikipedia and its sister projects by improving the underlying open source technology .
Removing barriers is key to recruiting new editors .
Our outreach initiative is developing a comprehensive set of training and outreach materials that will help us to recruit new volunteer editors .
Our strategic planning initiative is a unique community - driven process to identify how we can maximize our impact .
One of its task forces is specifically studying community health .
Wikimedia chapter organizations around the world are supporting our technology work , our outreach initiatives , and strategic partnerships ; their activities are documented in the archive of chapter reports .
The Wikimedia volunteer community is also engaged in important discussions and experiments .
A community - initiated project in the English Wikipedia , for example , tried to assess the typical experience of new Wikipedia editors when trying to contribute useful content .
This newbie treatment study is directly informing community discussions about community processes .
Similar experiments and large strategic discussions are happening in other languages .
These discussions and projects are important .
Wikimedia is a unique global volunteer movement to share what we know , to make and keep it available .
We need your help and your participation in these initiatives – please follow the above links and get involved .
We want more people to join us , to edit Wikipedia to make it richer and better and more comprehensive .
We do n’t know what the “ perfect ” number of Wikipedia volunteers is , but we do know that we want to significantly increase it from where it is today .
In addition to direct volunteer participation , Wikimedia depends on public support .
If you share our goal of bringing free knowledge to every person on the planet , please make a donation today .
Erik Moeller , Deputy Director
Erik Zachte , Data Analyst
Wikimedia Foundation
Sullenberger , a registered Republican and commercial airline pilot whose textbook landing in the Hudson River in January was labeled a miracle , made it clear through his business manager that he was not interested , according to multiple sources familiar with the effort .
The GOP wanted Sullenberger , 58 , to run against Rep. Jerry McNerney ( D ) , the second - term congressman who represents Sullenberger ’s hometown of Danville , Calif .
ADVERTISEMENT
Republicans hoped the hero who saved all 155 of his flight ’s passengers and crew by landing in the Hudson could help them retake a seat that long had been in the GOP ’s control .
The effort was led by Rep. Kevin McCarthy ( Calif. ) , the head recruiter for the National Republican Congressional Committee ( NRCC ) .
He enlisted the help of Rep. Sam Johnson Samuel ( Sam ) Robert JohnsonHouse seeks ways to honor John Lewis Sam Johnson : Fighter for the greater good House pays tribute to late Congressman Sam Johnson on the floor MORE ( R - Texas ) , who like Sullenberger is an Air Force veteran who flew F - 4 Phantom fighter jets in the military .
Johnson ’s job was to call the U.S. Airways captain and feel him out for a run .
But Johnson got only as far as Sullenberger ’s business manager , who made it clear that Sullenberger would not be interesting in running for a House seat , sources said .
The NRCC acknowledged reaching out to Sullenberger , though it said failing to woo him will not hurt the GOP 's chances against McNerney .
“ That early in the cycle , it ’s a list of a dozen people we reach out to , ” said Joanna Burgos , a spokeswoman for the NRCC .
“ We cast a pretty wide net in the beginning , and I think he was a pretty obvious person to chat with . ”
So far , at least eight Republicans are running against McNerney , including former U.S. Attorney Tony Amador and Elizabeth Emken , vice president of government relations at Autism Speaks , a national foundation .
McCarthy and Johnson declined to comment for this story .
Sullenberger was back in the news Thursday for returning to work to fly the same corridor he was to have taken on Jan. 15 .
Sullenberger piloted an Airbus A319 from Charlotte , N.C. to New York with Jeffrey Skiles , the same co-pilot from the earlier flight .
Passengers on Thursday ’s flight reportedly burst into applause when Sullenberger ’s voice came over the intercom .
In a statement released by U.S. Airways , Sullenberger said he had missed flying with colleagues during his time away .
“ Capt .
Sullenberger has repeatedly stated that he has no desire to run for office , ” said Alex Clemens , a San Francisco publicist who represents Sullenberger .
The captain is happy with the job he has trained his whole life for , Clemens said .
He has not donated money to political campaigns over the last two decades , according to the Center for Responsive Politics , but he has been involved with his union .
Sullenberger was chairman of a safety committee within the Airline Pilots Association .
Sullenberger became a national figure after both of the engines in his Airbus lost power when the plane flew through a flock of birds .
Realizing he did not have the time to return to LaGuardia Airport , Sullenberger executed what was widely described as a textbook landing in the Hudson .
Ferries then rescued the passengers and crew , many of whom stood on the aircraft ’s wings as the plane slowly sank into the icy water .
Sullenberger became a national hero and was invited to attend President Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaIt 's now up to health systems to solve our food problems Testing the Electoral College process against judicial overreach Obama steps into The Shade Room to urge ' roommates ' to vote , says White House ' working to keep people from voting '
MORE ’s inauguration , his address to a joint session of Congress and the White House Correspondents ’s Dinner .
He was honored at pregame ceremonies at the Super Bowl , threw out the first pitch of the season for the San Francisco Giants and appeared at the 2009 Major League Baseball all - star game .
He has signed a deal to write two books , reportedly valued between $ 2.5 million and $ 3 million .
Several people have asked me to write a summary for laypeople of the entire CRU hacked emails and files affair , since it is so complex .
They wanted something they could send to mom , dad , aunts , uncles who have n’t a clue about the hockey stick , CRU , HadCRUT , PCA , and YAD061 .
I started to do so , but noticed that a blogger in my own hometown , Lon Glazner , who writes “ Commission Impossible ” dealing with local issues , had written up a pretty good summary on the issue , so I asked if I could print some excerpts of it .
He gladly obliged .
Here are excerpts from his post “ Men behaving badly “ .
What ’s the hubbub ?
It all comes down to men behaving badly .
Emails and files related to top scientists that support man made global warming theory were released in the hacked files .
These scientists have authored / co- authored many of the studies relied on by the UN IPCC , and world governments .
The studies have been used to pronounce global warming an immediate , and therefore taxable , threat .
Here are some of the highlights of the documents released .
1 . The scientists colluded in efforts to thwart Freedom of Information Act requests ( across continents no less ) .
They reference deleting data , hiding source code from requests , manipulating data to make it more annoying to use , and attempting to deny requests from people recognized as contributors to specific internet sites .
Big brother really is watching you .
He ’s just not very good at securing his web site .
2 . These scientists publicly diminished opposing arguments for lack of being published in peer - reviewed scientific journals .
In the background they discussed black - balling journals that did publish opposing views , and preventing opposing views from being published in journals they controlled .
They even mention changing the rules midstream in arenas they control to ensure opposing views would not see the light of day .
They discuss amongst themselves which scientists can be trusted and who should be excluded from having data because they may not be “ predictable ” .
3 . The scientists expressed concern privately over a lack of increase in global temperatures in the last decade , and the fact that they could not explain this .
Publicly they discounted it as simple natural variations .
In one instance , data was [ apparently ] manipulated to hide a decline in temperatures when graphed .
Other discussions included ways to discount historic warming trends that inconveniently did not occur during increases in atmospheric CO2 .
4 . The emails show examples of top scientists working to create public relations messaging with favorable news outlets .
It shows them identifying and cataloging , by name and association , people with opposing views .
These people are then disparaged in a coordinated fashion via favorable online communities .
What the emails / files do n’t do is completely destroy the possibility that global climate change is real .
They do n’t preclude many studies from being accurate , on either side of the discussion .
And they should not be seen as discrediting all science .
Kudos to Anthony for being there , online , and being prepared to handle the traffic this topic generated .
I would hope that this event would precipitate a greater openness regarding publicly funded research .
It would be nice to see better adherence to scientific method .
At the very least it has exposed some well funded , ivory tower thinkers , behaving very poorly .
I should mention that we all owe Lon Glazner a debt of gratitude , because it was a discussion with him on the science and engineering of thermometer systems that got me thinking about the surface measurement systems in place today used to record climate , and the problems they might have .
See it here , one of my early blog posts :
In search of the perfect thermometer .
About two months after that discussions , the surfacestations.org project started .
Be sure to drop a note of thanks for building that fire under me on Lon ’s blog , he deserves a traffic flood 😉
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
What Is the Value of Personal Attention to You ?
When the stakes of your legal issue are high , personal attention from an experienced lawyer can make all the difference .
When the same attorney handles your case from start to finish , you can be assured that :
You always know who to talk to about your case
Your critical legal matter wo n’t be passed off to paralegals and associates
You work one - on - one with your lawyer to craft a strategy that suits your unique legal goals
I offer my valued clients the skill and experience of a large firm , with the personal , attentive client service of a solo practitioner .
In a Spinner interview that made the rounds yesterday , the Fiery Furnaces ' brotherly half , Matthew Friedberger , had some choice ( and vaguely confusing ) words for Radiohead .
The issue at hand was Radiohead 's song " Harry Patch ( In Memory Of ) " , Radiohead 's tribute to Harry Patch , the last surviving British World War I veteran , who died in July .
( Patch was often known as " the last Tommy , " a " Tommy " being an old term for a British soldier . )
But Friedberger went the fuck off , confusing the song 's subject with the similarly - named experimental composer Harry Partch , according to his publicist .
He said , " ' Oh , please listen to our new song about Harry Patch ' .
Fuck you !
You brand yourself by brazenly and arbitrarily associating yourself with things that you know people consider cool .
That is bogus .
That 's a put-on .
That 's a branding technique , and Radiohead have their brand that they 're popular and intelligent , so they have a song about Harry Patch . "
He continued , " How 's the song ?
Is it 48 notes to the octave ?
What does it have to do with Harry Patch ?
Oh , my wife says I am being very rude .
She does n't like me insulting Radiohead .
She 's afraid they will send their lackeys through the computer to sabotage us .
But they need n't worry -- we are a band that sabotages ourselves . "
Well , Friedberger has now issued a statement clarifying what he was saying there .
To hear Friedberger tell it , he still does n't like Radiohead , but he does know the difference between Harry Patch and Harry Partch .
The entire statement , which still does n't make much sense , is below :
" Like most creative musicians , Matt Friedberger is not a fan of Radiohead and most of their chart busters .
Of course , Matt and all the Fiery Furnaces family are great fans of all Tommys living or dead , so much so that lots of the Fiery Furnaces ' work is , because of the pun , dedicated to imitating the Who 's Tommy .
" Back in the fall of 1996 or whenever that interview was conducted , the interviewer asked what Matt thought of the Radiohead song celebrating a WWI veteran .
Matt naturally thought it would be interesting to pretend that they wrote a song about the celebrated American composer of a similar sounding name , hence his joking in the interview about Radiohead composing a song with something like 48 notes to an octave .
It was easy and amusing to imagine Radiohead 's attempt to colonize that relatively arcane bit of our musical lifeworld .
This is what they used to call , in some bohemian and advertising circles , ' riffing ' or fooling around .
" Matt has not heard the Radiohead song about Harry Patch , but if he did , he is sure he would n't like it .
No doubt Radiohead and their fans can ignore his opinion of this matter and continue with their triumphant artistic interventions .
Matt would have much preferred to insult Beck but he is too afraid of Scientologists . "
Oh ... snap ?
BONK Atomic Punch Label Printer By WoggyWooWoo Watch
803 Favourites 297 Comments 106K Views
Galen and I have been slowly working on this for a while .
We wanted a clean , vector version of the bonk label , but we could n't agree on a size .
So he threw this little program together which will generate a label in just about any size .
For this to print properly , you need to set your printer to landscape .
Otherwise it 'll be too short .
4/28/2009 : Updated the file to fix some problems with the fonts .
4/29/2009 : Fixed a bug that caused label generation to not work properly when printing two labels of the same color in a row .
11/16/2009 : added soda and beer can sizes .
Not 100 % if the beer can will work with all brands , I think they 're pretty much the same size but I do n't really drink beer .
05/22/200 : CRIT -A-COLA , baby !
It 's almost a week later than I said it'd be up , but Galen and I work on completely opposite schedules , so it 's almost impossible to get anything coordinated .
Changed some of the interface and the About information as well .
I 'd recomend not downloading the file , and favoriting / bookmarking this page , since we 're updating it regularly .
Also , if you run into any problems , post here or e-mail Galen .
E-mail is probably your best bet , though , since he 's the tech guy here .
IMAGE DETAILS Image size 640x480px 516.16 KB
Show More
Published : Apr 27 , 2009
Where do you want
to go on ETS ?
Search ETS ETS Home Page More Features Gear & Equipment Aviation Survival Marine Survival Urban Survival Doug's Kits Disaster Prep Commercial Kits Manufacturers Retail Suppliers Skills & Technique Survival For Kids Schools & Courses Publications Survival Links Survival Forum Interactive Fun Other Links Letters & Stuff About ETS ETS Foundation
Kel - Tec SU - 16 Review by Ed Whiting
All photos by Ed Whiting - Click on photos for larger image .
w hether flying over wilderness areas , extended backpacking , or day packing , there may come a day when you have to protect yourself , or need to hunt game in order to survive .
In addition , you only have to read the headlines about the growing number of mountain lion attacks and armed people at marijuana gardens in the northwest United States and Canada to realize it can dangerous in some remote locations .
( NOTE : carriage of firearms may not be legal in all wilderness areas ; be sure to check the law before doing so . )
Equipped to Survive ® ( ETS ) has for years shown us what works and what does not for those days when things go really wrong .
So when I first saw the folding Kel - Tec SU - 16 rifle , I thought of ETS .
Having the right tool for the right job can be critical to survival .
I have been carrying various makes , models , and calibers of firearms in the back country of California since I was 16 years old .
I always tried to balance light weight with necessity .
Just when I think I tried and carried everything , along comes Kel - Tec with a new rifle .
It is not their first , but it incorproates a nice combination of features for a survival firearm .
A lightweight semi-automatic chambered in .223 Remington ( 5.56 Nato ) , it has a picatinny rail system for mounting optics and integrated folding bi-pod legs .
The rifle folds in half for storage , uses the same magazines as AR - 15's and M - 16 rifles , and holds two , ten - round magazines in the butt stock .
All these features make a potentially outstanding survival firearm package .
I used two different Kel - Tec SU - 16A Alpha models for this evaluation as well as a SU - 16B Bravo model provided by Kel - Tec for this Test & Evaluation .
The main difference between the Bravo and Alpha model is that the Bravo model has better sights and a shorter barrel .
Otherwise it is the same rifle .
Shorter translates into " lighter " and means it is a little easier to store .
Since I backpack , lighter is a good thing .
I have come up some criteria for evaluating firearms I would be betting my life on .
Whether it is a .22 rifle or a .20 gauge shotgun , I expect it to do the job intended and do it reliably .
For the most part I have not found that " magic bullet " or " magic gun " which will do everything , but the Kel - Tec SU - 16 is pretty close .
User Friendly
One of the first things I like to know is whether the firearm is user friendly .
Is it easy to load ?
Easy to unload ?
Easy to assemble and disassemble ?
How does it carry ?
How does it shoot ?
When you are carrying in the wilderness or out of a downed aircraft , the last thing you want to do is go looking for the instruction manual .
Can I read the manual and retain it for years to come ?
After reading the manual , I assembled and disassembled the rifles .
I found the SU - 16 series of rifles to be simple , reliable , and easy to clean and put back together .
With lots of color pictures , the manual is easy to understand .
This rifle has some similarities in design with the AR - 15 / M16 series of rifles , but the operating system borrows the operating rod from the AK - 47 / SKS series of rifles for bolt cycling and the rest is John Browning via Colt .
To disassemble the rifle , after clearing it , place it in the folded position with the bi-pod legs down , then simply push in and rotate a 1 / 4 turn on the operating rod .
Push the bolt back and remove the bolt handle , then lower and remove the bolt assembly with operating rod .
This requires no tools and is very simple .
Anyone familiar with the AR - 15 bolt can now disassemble the bolt and clean it .
After the first 450 rounds of .223 , these rifles should have been pretty gunked up , but they were not .
Since this is not a direct gas system , the expended gas and most of the residue go out the barrel or the gas port in the front .
Very little gets into the bolt area .
Most of the residue was easily cleaned .
I cleaned the bores with Break - Free CLP every ten rounds , for the first 300 rounds , to break in the barrels , and then again at the end of the first firing session .
After that I simply wiped down the insides and away we went again for another range session .
Dimensions
Alpha Model
Bravo Model
37.4 inches overall length
18.5 inch barrel
4.8 pounds
35 inches overall length
16.1 inch barrel
4.6 pounds
Both models can be folded down to about 27 inches by 7.5 inches .
The Bravo model folds up nicely into my CamelBak HAWG pack and is ready anytime for a daily hike in the woods .
It does not appear I am carrying a rifle , certainly not one in .223 caliber .
The Alpha model is not much bigger .
Both are easily stored in a back pack or day bag of the right size .
Ammo used for this test
One of the best things I like about this rifle is the caliber .
The .223 Remington ( 5.56 Nato ) has been around for many years .
It is an intermediate cartridge used for both varmints and medium game .
Because of the widespread use of this cartridge by our military and civilian hunters , it is widely available in many bullet weights and loadings .
This is a good thing for us .
Plus , it also shoots right were you aim it .
I like that in a bullet .
Below is the list of ammo I used for this test , in copious quantities of course .
Winchester .223 Rem. Ballistic Silvertip 55 grain ( Polymer tipped ) PMC .223 Rem. Frangible 40 grain Federal .223 Rem .
Gold Medal with the 69 grain Sierra Match King BTHP PMP .223 55 grain soft point Winchester 5.56 labeled ( Q3131A ) 55 grain FMJ ( Mil spec ) Remington .223 UMC 45 grain hollow point " Value Pack " Winchester .223 55 grain FMJ ( USA223R1VP )
This ammunition selected is widely available almost anywhere and only represents a fraction of the loaded ammo available .
All of the major manufacturers load a .223 Remington or equivalent 5.56 Nato round .
As always , never rely upon any ammo that you have n't first thoroughly tested with your particular firearm , no less than 100 rounds for a long gun .
I know some of you reading this will ask if I tried the Wolf Brand of ammo from Russia in this test .
I did not .
Wolf ammo is cheap ammo to be sure , but hard on extractors and chambers .
The steel cases do n't " give " like brass or nickel and they wear out extractors faster .
Some of the available Wolf ammo still has the lacquer finish which can gum up hot chambers and cause failures to extract .
There is better ammo out there to practice with .
Besides , if I was betting my life with this rifle , and I would be , I do n't want the extractor to break in the field after practicing with cheap ammo .
This would be courting disaster a.k.a. " Murphy " -- and he really does n't need any extra help .
As for performance , the Alpha and Bravo models performed flawlessly .
After 730 rounds fired between them , there were only two malfunctions , and both were ammunition - related failures to feed ( FTF ) .
It seems the Kel - Tec feed ramps do not like the Remington UMC 45 grain hollowpoints .
I suspect it is because of the flat nose bullet design .
As you can see from one of the pictures accompanying this article , the Remington UMC round was pushed deep into the cartridge case mouth .
I could not get more than ten rounds of this ammunition to function in either rifle ; I discarded the ammo and fed it to my AR - 15 rifle , which digested it fine .
Since it fed other manufatcurers ' hollow points just fine , this is just another lesson in making sure your rifle likes to eat what you feed it .
I fired the Kel - Tec rifles with their factory ten- round magazines as well as with 20 - round Bushmasters and 30 - round Colt , Adventure Line , and Sanchez magazines .
There were no magazine - related malfunctions of any kind to report .
Shooting Impressions
The sights are easy to see and easily adjustable .
The Alpha model uses a sliding elevation front post for windage and elevation , with a light - gathering front blade .
The Bravo model uses the traditional AR - 15 / M - 16 front post , adjustable for elevation , and a newer windage - adjustable rear sight .
The gun shoots straight and fast .
It has light recoil and the stock shoulders well .
Keeping ergonomics in mind , this rifle is well thought out .
Anyone who is recoil - sensitive will appreciate this rifle .
The bolt is heavier than the AR - 15 series of rifles and I suspect it absorbs the recoil somewhat better .
Accuracy
Being light weight and easy to store is one thing , but can it shoot accurately ?
I decided to shoot the gun cold a few times to check points of impact and then again after it was good and hot from several strings of fire .
I wanted to see how the barrel held up under heat .
Using standard ball ammo ( Winchester 55 grain FMJ Q3131A ) I test fired the Alpha Model from a stable platform at 100 yards .
I also wanted to see how well the integral bi-pod performed .
I will say while it is not the most stable bi-pod I have ever used , it does work , and keeps the rifle steady for tight , well - placed shots .
I was able to keep the groups tight , an average of 1.5 inch groups at 100 yards .
Keep in mind this is not a target rifle with a target trigger , target barrel or target ammo , so that 's pretty darn good performance right out of the box .
The one thing I found was that when I did not use the bi-pod , the rifles shot several inches low .
Groups were still tight , but lower than when using the bi-pod .
This means it is incumbent on the user to know where his or her rifle prints , both with the bi-pod and without it .
With any rifle you shoot , using a bi-pod will sometimes change the point of impact .
The Kel - Tec is no different .
If you use this accessory , you will want to shoot it both with and without the integral bi-pod and know your point of impact change .
If you do n't , you may well waste a couple of rounds trying to get supper on the table , rounds you may need later .
Sometimes , there is no second opportunity .
The bottom line is , if I do my part , I know the SU - 16 will do its part .
Good to know , and good to go .
Got Game ?
In order to see if this rifle would put meat on the table , I asked my friend Joe , who is a fellow law enforcement officer , if he would like to assist me in this project .
With hunting licenses in hand , he and I drove up to some nearby BLM land for a little workout session with the Alpha and Bravo models .
Now keep in mind Joe has never shot this rifle , but is not a rookie either .
After some preliminary safety instructions on the rifle we set out to see if dinner was waiting for us .
The BLM land has no shortage of small game , including rabbits , coyotes , and ground squirrels .
Jack rabbits and cottontails are by far the most prolific .
We did not have to wait long .
I spotted the first rabbit with 5 minutes , but Joe got off the first shot of the day .
The Bravo model was quick and fast handling .
A few minutes later the second rabbit fell to me with the Alpha model , courtesy of the red fiber optic front sight .
Two rabbits , two shots .
Joe said the Bravo model shot exactly where he put it .
He was impressed and so was I .
Accessories
Speaking of hitting what you 're aiming at , the Kel - Tec is very accessory friendly .
This is because Kel - Tec has a flat top receiver with a picatinny rail system .
This is designed for easy mounting of scopes or optics of any kind .
No drilling or tapping required .
Just mount and shoot .
Quick detachable scopes and optics are an ideal feature in any survival rifle , allowing the shooter to retain his original sights in the event the optics or scope fails .
Another feature I like is the storage of two , ten - round magazines in the butt stock .
To date , no folding rifle I am aware of comes close to carrying this much centerfire ammo integrally with the firearm .
The Kel - Tec boasts 20 rounds of .223 Remington .
The stock also supports the use of a 20 - round or 30 - round AR magazine in place of the ten - rounders .
So it is conceivable you could just carry one , 30 - round magazine in the butt stock , folded , throw it in a pack and off you go into the world .
( NOTE : Not all states allows high - capacity magazines .
Check your state and local laws . )
I did find two areas that need to be addressed .
One of my concerns is the takedown pin .
If it becomes lost in the field , the rifle will not fire without some type of field - expedient fix .
Moreover , it 's a proprietary pin .
The good news : the takedown pin is easily replaced with a 1 / 4 inch hitch pin , available at any hardware store for about $ 2.00 .
You could carry a spare or just replace it ahead of time .
The hitch pin has a ring attached which makes it easy to secure .
I like simple .
Another issue I noted several times was that while carrying loaded ammo in the ten - round magazines stored in the butt stock , one of the rounds came loose , then rattled around until it fell out .
Not just once either , and not just one round , but sometimes two or three .
This became a routine after driving around the ranch or just driving to the range .
I attributed this to the polymer magazines being too flexible , so a little bumping of the weapon allowed a round to become dislodged and fall out .
Rick Mueller at Kel - Tec tells me the older magazines did not have enough percentage of fiber in the polymer , and the newer magazines do .
Rick said anyone with the older magazines can simply send them to Kel - Tec and they will be replaced at no charge .
If you have older magazines , I suggest you take advantage of this offer ?
The Kel - Tec is made in the USA and has a lifetime warranty , with the usual caveats about modifications of the original configuration .
But , there 's nothing really that you need to do to this rifle , it 's good to go as is .
It is rugged and reliable , has light recoil , has an integral bi-pod , boasts a flat top receiver with picatinny rail system , and it folds in half to make a compact package .
It is very easy to clean , and easier to store .
It 's no slouch in the accuracy department , either .
Plus , it is lightweight .
What else could I say except " I like it ! " ?
I liked it so much , in fact , that I bought mayself an Alpha model , the second Alpha mentioned in this article .
Overall
The Kel - Tec SU - 16 rifle is light and uses a good , all - around intermediate cartridge which is easily obtained and a joy to shoot .
It is also easy for the shooter to absorb the recoil , making it better suited for a woman than a shotgun or a heavier rifle in a survival scenario .
Its most desirable feature is that it folds up and can be carried in a back pack or stowed away under a seat without getting in the way of other gear .
Add to this an integral set of bi-pod legs and a flat top receiver with a picatinny rail system for mounting scopes and sights and you have a real winner .
It is available in all 50 states , including California .
The backpacker in me says this is my new " ride . "
The Range Master in me says I would have no problem allowing this rifle to be carried on duty as a patrol rifle .
What more could anyone say ?
Kel - Tec also has a line of accessories and several different variants with everything from a shorter barrel to a heavier barrel , better sights , parkerized barrels , and different colors such as OD green , coyote , and black .
The " Charlie " model boosts a folding stock which still allows the shooter to still fire the rifle , though this stock is not legal in California .
Manufacturer 's Suggestted Retail Price ( 12/2005 ) for the SU - 16A is $ 640 , while the B model lists for $ 690 .
Shopping around can yield significant discounts .
The Kel - Tec Web site includes updates on their rifles and their manual in PDF format .
« Prev. ETS Home Page Search ETS More Features Gear & Equipment Aviation Survival Doug's Kits Disaster Kits Commercial Kits Manufacturers Retail Suppliers Skills & Technique Survival For Kids Schools & Courses Publications Survival Links Survival Forum Interactive Fun Other Links Letters & Stuff About ETS ETS Foundation Next »
SELECT AND USE OUTDOORS AND SURVIVAL EQUIPMENT , SUPPLIES AND TECHNIQUES AT YOUR OWN RISK .
Please review the full WARNING & DISCLAIMER about information on this site .
Review written by : Ed Whiting
Email : Ed Whiting
Publisher and Editor : Doug Ritter
Email : Doug Ritter
URL : http://www.equipped.org/http://www.equipped.org/Kel-Tec_SU-16_Review.htm
First Published : December 11 , 2005
Email to : info@pulvertech.com
With its list of soothingly archaic ingredients – burdock , juniper , speedwell – its elegant glass bottles and Victorian labels , the Fentimans range of soft drinks seems to hark back to a more innocent age .
But not everyone finds its wares morally palatable .
A transatlantic row has erupted between the Northumberland company and campaigners in the US after a schoolboy in Maine noticed the bottle of Victorian lemonade he was drinking contained 0.5 % alcohol and took the offending beverage to the principal 's office .
The principal of Houlton High School got in touch with the police and the matter is now in the hands of Maine 's liquor licensing officials and the state Attorney General 's office .
Two pressure groups – the Aroostook Substance Abuse Prevention Coalition ( Asap ) and the Maine Alliance to Prevent Substance Abuse ( Mapsa ) – are now calling for the lemonade to be banned from sale to those under 21 and reclassified as " imitation liquor " .
According to state law , imitation liquor is any product containing less than 0.5 % alcohol by volume which appears to imitate liquor whether by appearance , taste or smell .
Clare Desrosiers , project director for the Asap coalition , said the lemonade contains alcohol and so should not be sold to minors .
She added : " To me , it is sold in what looks like a liquor bottle . "
The reaction at Fentimans ' HQ in Hexham is an odd cocktail of bemusement and gratitude .
" I think it 's quite amusing , really , " said Eldon Robson , Fentimans ' managing director and master brewer .
" Maine is of course where our Puritanical forefathers went because Britain was not strict enough and it has been said that Puritans are people who are always worried that someone , somewhere might be having fun . "
The company said it did occasionally receive inquiries about the 0.5 % alcohol content of its drinks , which is the result of botanical brewing and a seven - day fermentation process .
It pointed out that its beverages are legally classified as soft drinks , adding that trace alcohol could be found in " bread , mouthwash , orange juice and even chewing gum " .
" It 's extraordinary that a child taking a bottle of lemonade to the principal should generate this furore , " said Tiffany McKirdy , Fentimans ' operations manager .
" People online have been highlighting the farcical nature of what 's going on - one person said that what alarmed them most was the child who went to the principal .
They said he reminded them of the kind of child who tells the teacher that he 's forgotten to set the class their homework . "
Not that the company is complaining : the row has left its US operation " inundated " with inquires from people in 30 US states and parts of Canada asking where they can buy Fentimans lemonade .
And while McKirdy stressed that underage drinking was a serious issue , she doubted that Fentimans lemonade would become the poison of choice for American teenagers .
" To get the same effect as drinking a pint of 4 % beer , you 'd have to drink 16 bottles , " she said .
" You 'd be awash or in hospital . "
Pin Share Email 2 Shares
The past couple of months we ’ve talked quite a bit about the Cash For Clunkers program , how it worked , and who could expect to receive a voucher towards the purchase of a new car .
People were split down the middle as to whether the voucher program was even a good idea , with some saying it was just another example of wasteful government spending – while others said it was a great way to stimulate spending and boost our economy .
We may now have another cash for clunkers type program to debate .
Earlier this year as a part of the American Recovery and Reinvestment
Act a new program was announced that would allow people to receive rebates that would be good towards the purchase of a new ENERGY STAR ® rated appliance to replace their less efficient models .
U.S. Department of Energy Secretary Steven Chu today announced the availability of nearly $ 300 million in funding from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act for state - run rebate programs for consumer purchases of new ENERGY STAR ® qualified home appliances .
The new program underscores the Obama Administration ’s commitment to make American homes more energy efficient , while helping to support the nation ’s economic recovery .
“ Appliances consume a huge amount of our electricity , so there ’s enormous potential to both save energy and save families money every month , ” said Secretary Chu .
“ These rebates will help families make the transition to more efficient appliances , making purchases that will directly stimulate the economy and create jobs . ”
The new funding will be awarded to states and territories , through their energy offices , using a formula set forth in the Energy Policy Act of 2005 .
Each state or territory is required to submit a plan that specifies which ENERGY STAR ® appliance categories will be included in their rebate program , the rebate level for each product type , how the rebates will be processed , and their plan for recycling old appliances .
States and territories must first file an initial application expressing their intent to participate by August 15 , 2009 , followed by a full application by October 15 , 2009 .
Approximately 10 - 25 percent of each award will be spent on administrative costs .
The goals of the program were to spur economic growth , create jobs , save energy and reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
How successful it will be in those goals is anyone ’s guess .
Depending on which state you ’re in , there is a different amount of money available to use towards rebates , so it is probably best to move on it as fast as you can once the program starts .
To find out how much money your state has to use towards appliance rebates , check this document .
How Do I Take Part In The Cash For Appliances Program ?
The program will start some time late fall 2009 , and program details will vary state by state .
The states will have the ability to say which appliances are eligible , along with how much of a rebate consumers would get .
The energy department has set a deadline of October 15th for states to file formal applications for the program .
Details should become clearer for your state at that time .
Although the details will vary state to state , basically the program will authorize rebates to consumers of $ 50 - $ 200 for purchases of more efficient household appliances .
Unlike with the Cash For Clunkers program , people who take part in the program wo n’t have to trade in their old appliances .
( thank goodness for that ! )
It is also expected that the rebates will be stackable along with other rebates currently available .
So if your municipal district offers a $ 100 rebate towards a refrigerator , you would get that in addition to the federal rebate .
The Energy Dept. expects the bulk of the $ 300 million to be awarded by the end of November .
What Appliances Are Eligible For The Rebate ?
To qualify for the rebate the new appliance must be ENERGY STAR ® rated .
Qualified appliance categories eligible for rebates may include ( depending upon your state ) :
central air conditioners
heat pumps ( air source and geothermal )
boilers
furnaces ( oil and gas )
room air conditioners
clothes washers
dishwashers
freezers
refrigerators
water heaters
Want to save even more ?
Use these coupons to save !
Let The Marketing Push For “ Cash For Refrigerators ” Begin !
Major appliance manufacturers have been feeling the pinch the past couple of years , with sales dropping and plants being shut down .
The leading appliance makers have felt the pinch .
Whirlpool of Benton Harbor , Mich. , which controls about 40 % of the U.S. market , has seen its sales drop 20 % through the first two quarters of this year .
North American shipments for its Stockholm - based rival Electrolux , meanwhile , have dropped for a dozen consecutive quarters .
Both companies have laid off hundreds of workers , and General Electric ( GE ) mulled shutting down an entire refrigerator plant earlier this year until deciding to keep it open with a reduced workforce .
Once the program begins I ’m sure we can expect to see a huge marketing push , just as we saw with the Cash For Clunkers program .
Anything the appliance manufacturers can do to help spur sales will be helpful for them .
On the other hand , many are doubtful that the program will have much effect because the value proposition in receiving a smaller rebate for an appliance as opposed to a $ 4500 voucher for an old car just is n’t as motivational .
Many people will probably be able to get by with their old appliance for a while longer .
The manufacturers are hoping that ’s not the case .
What do you think about the Cash For Appliances rebate program ?
Does it make you more likely to buy a new fridge , dishwasher or water heater ?
Tell us what you think in the comments !
Dallas - based 7 - Eleven 's had a few proprietary wines on shelves for some time , among them Sonoma Crest and Thousand Oaks , but today comes word that the convenience store 's actually in the private - label business thanks to a partnership with its Japanese sibling , Seven - Eleven Japan .
And , whoa , Yosemite Road is quite the bargain : Says the press release , both the Chardonnay and a Cabernet Sauvignon will sell for $ 3.99 a bottle .
Who needs a Trader Joe 's , anyway ?
" We prefer to think of it as value , " says 7 - Eleven spokesperson Carole Davidson , when Unfair Park said of the Napa Valley - produced product , " Wow , that sure is cheap . "
She also laughed .
" But , yes , it is inexpensive .
...
We do have a couple of proprietary labels , but they 're a little higher - priced than this offering . "
Like , what , $ 4.99 ?
" $ 9.99 , " Davidson says .
" What 's different this time is we 've used our global scale , to the extent we 're lauunching this in Japan today -- effectively , last night .
We expect this to be in 15,000 outlets under the Seven & i Holdings Co. , Ltd. of Tokyo .
We 'll have it in 2,000 stores in the U.S. ; the rest will be in Japan .
They have department stores and supermarket chains where we expect the wine to be sold . "
She adds that the move into a private - label wine jibes with " aggressive " efforts over the last year to brand most everything edible in the joint with the 7 - Eleven name .
The wine wo n't be available in the U.S. till next week .
But expect a taste test on City of Ate sooner than that .
Got that , FTC ?
The trains in Japan always look clean , particularly the Shinkansen .
At Tokyo station , the cleaners quickly board the incoming trains , perform a quick clean and have the train ready to go again .
The cleaners have special rooms and facilities which are actually located at the base of the Shinkansen tracks .
You can see some of these rooms in the following pictures .
Can you see under the platform the area with the blue buckets ?
The cleaners can get in down here and walk around making it easy for them to move when the platform is crowded .
Share this : Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
Maintaining a reliable command and control ( C&C ) structure is a priority for back door Trojan writers .
Recent developments have included the utilization of Web 2.0 social networking websites to deliver commands .
By integrating C&C messages into valid communications , it becomes increasingly difficult to identify and shut down such sources .
It 's a concept very similar to that of chaffing and winnowing .
Symantec has observed an interesting variation on this concept in the wild .
A back door Trojan that we are calling Trojan .
Grups has been using the Google Groups newsgroups to distribute commands .
Trojan distribution via newsgroups is relatively common , but this is the first instance of newsgroup C&C usage that Symantec has detected .
It ’s worth noting that Google Groups is not at fault here ; rather , it is a neutral party .
The authors of this threat have chosen Google Groups simply for its bevy of features and versatility .
The Trojan itself is quite simple .
It is distributed as a DLL , and when executed will log onto a specific account :
Escape[REMOVED]@gmail.com
h0 [ REMOVED ]t
The Web - based newsgroup can store both static “ pages ” and postings .
When successfully logged in , the Trojan requests a page from a private newsgroup , escape2sun .
The page contains commands for the Trojan to carry out .
The command consists of an index number , a command line to execute , and optionally , a file to download .
Responses are uploaded as posts to the newsgroup using the index number as a subject .
The post and page contents are encrypted using the RC4 stream cipher and then base64 encoded .
The attacker can thus issue confidential commands and read responses .
If no command is received from the static page , the infected host uploads the current time .
Figure 1 : Posts from infected computers
It is an effective technique for anonymously issuing commands ; however , it does have some negative aspects for the attacker .
Since every response is stored as a posting in the newsgroup , it was possible for Symantec to track the activity of the Trojan in detail .
An even more useful feature of the newsgroup is the version control incorporated into pages .
Approximately 34 page modifications can be observed over a ten - month period .
By decrypting the recorded page edits , the evolution of commands over time can be clearly observed .
Figure 2 : Decrypted command
The commands imply that the Trojan is used for reconnaissance and targeted attacks .
For example , in figure 2 , the command determines the local IP addresses , scans the local domain , and then pings a popular search engine in Taiwan .
The response can be seen in figure 3 .
More targeted commands may then be issued .
Subsequent commands observed used the net user facility to add new users and give them administrator rights .
Commands are issued to download and execute files — the files themselves are also encrypted using the same encryption algorithm and key as used in posts .
Figure 3 : Decrypted response
In addition to the version control , the newsgroup also records traffic activity over time .
The growth of the Trojan can be easily tracked .
Figure 4 gives post activity over monthly periods .
The Trojan was initially released in November 2008 , increased steadily in activity to a peak in February , and has tapered off since .
Overall the numbers are quite low , totaling under 3,000 posts .
Figure 4 : Trojan activity
Given the statistics , and examination of the code , it is possible to infer the attacker ’s motive .
Because several debug strings are left in the code , it may be a prototype implementation , testing the feasibility of Web - based newsgroup usage for C&C .
It is most likely Taiwanese - based since the newsgroup language is Chinese ( simplified ) , with several references to .tw domains in commands .
The low numbers imply this is a discreet Trojan , used to subtly gather information and potentially determine future attack targets .
In addition , there is no attempt within the DLL to maintain persistence on the attacked computer , further evidence of a Trojan attempting to remain undiscovered .
Such a Trojan could potentially have been developed for targeted corporate espionage where anonymity and discretion are priorities .
The study also found three fifths of women admitted they hade been seduced by someone purely because of their accent , while two fifths said they would much rather sleep with a man who had a nice accent , compared to a harsh one .
By taking advantage of the vagaries of the natural world , Duke University engineers have developed a novel approach that they believe can more efficiently harvest electricity from the motions of everyday life .
Energy harvesting is the process of converting one form of energy , such as motion , into another form of energy , in this case electricity .
Strategies range from the development of massive wind farms to produce large amounts of electricity to using the vibrations of walking to power small electronic devices .
Although motion is an abundant source of energy , only limited success has been achieved because the devices used only perform well over a narrow band of frequencies .
These so - called " linear " devices can work well , for example , if the character of the motion is fairly constant , such as the cadence of a person walking .
However , as researchers point out , the pace of someone walking , as with all environmental sources , changes over time and can vary widely .
" The ideal device would be one that could convert a range of vibrations instead of just a narrow band , " said Samuel Stanton , graduate student in Duke 's Pratt School of Engineering , working in the laboratory of Brian Mann , assistant professor of mechanical engineering and materials sciences .
The team , which included undergraduate Clark McGehee , published the results of their latest experiments early online in Applied Physics Letters .
" Nature does n't work in a single frequency , so we wanted to come up with a device that would work over a broad range of frequencies , " Stanton said .
" By using magnets to ' tune ' the bandwidth of the experimental device , we were able verify in the lab that this new non-linear approach can outperform conventional linear devices . "
Although the device they constructed looks deceptively simple , it was able to prove the team 's theories on a small scale .
It is basically a small cantilever , several inches long and a quarter inch wide , with an end magnet that interacts with nearby magnets .
The cantilever base itself is made of a piezoelectric material , which has the unique property of releasing electrical voltage when it is strained .
The key to the new approach involved placing moveable magnets of opposing poles on either side of the magnet at the end of the cantilever arm .
By changing the distance of the moveable magnets , the researchers were able to " tune " the interactions of the system with its environment , and thus produce electricity over a broader spectrum of frequencies .
" These results suggest to us that this non-linear approach could harvest more of the frequencies from the same ambient vibrations , " Mann said .
" More importantly , being able to capture more of the bandwidth makes it more likely that these types of devices could someday rival batteries as a portable power source . "
The range of applications for non-linear energy harvesters varies widely .
For example , Mann is working on a project that would use the motion of ocean waves to power an array of sensors that would be carried inside ocean buoys .
" These non -linear systems are self - sustaining , so they are ideal for any electrical device that needs batteries and is in a location that is difficult to access , " Mann said .
For example , the motion of walking could provide enough electricity to power an implanted device , such as a pacemaker or cardiac defibrillator .
On a larger scale , sensors in the environment or spacecraft could be powered by the everyday natural vibrations around them , Mann said .
Mann 's research is supported by the Office of Naval Research .
Zero Interest Rates , the Cruelest Tax of All
The zero - interest - rate policy of the Fed is sold to the public as a benign economic rescue in the public interest .
The stark reality is that this policy is a disguised tax implemented by the Fed .
It takes income from savers and hands it as a subsidy to borrowers .
It also facilitates and funds the fiscal deficit policies of central government .
Such a well disguised tax is a boon for governments .
The cruelest tax of all is this 100 percent tax on interest income , disguised and rationalized as " good " policy .
The zero - interest - rate policy deserves closer scrutiny .
Would a saver willingly agree to an economic environment of zero interest rates ?
Certainly not .
Would a debtor prefer a zero interest rate ?
Absolutely .
The saver and the debtor would , under normal , willing - economic - participant conditions , negotiate a " price " for the use of money saved .
That price for the use of funds is interest .
The central bank enters the negotiation between saver and borrower , and by counterfeiting money it destroys the negotiating base of the saver .
Counterfeiting money through policies of unlimited liquidity provision is a " price control " over interest rates , instituted to force interest rates down and eventually spiral them downwards out of control to zero .
The interest income of the saver is eventually taxed to extinction at zero interest rates .
It is basic economic theory that price control actually reduces the availability of the item subject to the control .
It should therefore come as no surprise that available credit is falling despite unrestrained liquidity provision at zero interest rates .
Banks have no direct cost implication when they hold funds at zero ( apart from opportunity cost ) .
Thus there is no direct cost penalty for doing nothing .
Not exploiting a lending opportunity in a high default - risk environment , where the margin between a zero- interest cost of funds and the lending rate is insufficient to protect bankers against default risk , is an entirely rational choice for bankers .
While the intended consequence is to increase the availability of credit , the ultimate " zero- rate " intervention actually reduces credit availability .
One wonders how significant this unintended consequence would be in the absence of Cash for Clunkers , the now - expanded subsidy policy for housing purchases , and the constant Fed , Treasury and Federal Housing Finance Agency support for Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae .
We shall find out when fiscal deficits can no longer fund such excesses .
Savings will migrate to term assets for meager interest income but that income has more to do with a term premium than with interest , the cost for the use of funds .
The stated policy is to start the yield curve at zero and to use all the influence and tools of the Fed to apply downward force on the slope of the yield curve .
No one has any moral standing to defend any policy that dispossesses the interest of the saver ; however , the indiscriminate redistribution of this interest tax is exceptionally unjust .
" The central bank enters the negotiation between saver and borrower , and by counterfeiting money it destroys the negotiating base of the saver . "
The normal standards for a tax are that it must be fair and it must be evenly distributed .
The " for the public good " argument is that tax may be levied disproportionately usually with reference to some wealth measure .
In simple terms , the rich must pay more and the poor must pay less .
The tax of a zero - interest - rate policy fails dismally when it is tested against this framework .
There is no discrimination in taxing savers ' interest .
All savers are taxed by a zero interest rate .
Some savers , usually the wealthier and more sophisticated savers , can institute countertax measures and are able to avoid or escape the zero - interest - rate tax to some extent .
Most savers can't , and they fund the redistribution and subsidies to the borrowers .
Indiscriminate principles are applied in allocating the interest subsidy .
Its distribution is not monitored fairly and equitably in the interest of society .
The recipients are random borrowers , selected with no reference to the wealth , income , or other discerning standards that would normally apply .
It is appropriate to ask by what standards society decides that a homeowner who bought a property priced beyond his means must be subsidized by a pensioner who had saved to survive the income drought of old age ?
Why must a big bank have access to zero or near - zero cost of funds to carry all those losses making loans while an ordinary saver can no longer afford his child 's tuition ?
The zero - interest - rate tax strips the interest income from savers and hands it to government , and morally justifies this as stimulating the economy through deficit funding .
The justification is that it is of no use to run up huge deficits if it involves paying a high interest rate .
Strip the interest and hand it indiscriminately to over - extended borrowers , many of whom used the borrowings to speculate on asset inflations .
Strip the interest and hand it to the banks to " repair " their balance sheets and to " carry " the bad debts .
Strip the interest and hand it to the developers who overinvested in property , capacity , or trading .
Strip the saver of interest to fund the carrying of compounding , unliquidated losses .
How totally one - sided !
Rip off the savers and give to the borrowers .
Not even the socialist dictate that everybody should contribute according to ability and receive according to need can contain the injustice of a zero - interest - rate - policy tax .
Surely nobody can have a zero need and a 100 percent obligation to contribute .
Neither can anyone claim 100 percent contribution from savers against a zero contribution from borrowers ( the bank margin excluded ) .
It is not fair , moral , or just for central banks in their quest for self - preservation to strip savers of their income .
The phrase , " interest rates will remain at zero for longer " simply means the imposition of hardship on the saver for longer .
Placing the weight of the interest - tax burden on a small and responsible portion of society is self - serving behavior by central bankers who have the encouragement , support , and consent of central government .
Robbing the saver is immoral .
The indiscriminate redistribution of income rights from the responsible and the cautious to overburdened borrowers , speculators , government , and risk - seeking banks serves not the short - or long - term interests of economic society .
Rationalizing this mean policy and indiscriminately cruel tax into a benign and caring action by central banks is certainly folly .
Sarel Oberholster is a South African living in Johannesburg , Gauteng province .
He is an economist by training , a specialist financial engineer by craft , and an inquisitive spirit by nature .
He has been involved in banking for over 30 years .
His quest for understanding complex economic phenomena is his muse for writing and he shares his insights on his blog .
Send him mail .
See Sarel Oberholster 's article archives .
Comment on the blog .
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Comments
Ned S
26 Nov 09 , 20:50
It is n't " nice " is it ?
I agree - But what to do ?
And the other point is that the system is based on leveraged debt -
So for every 100 dollar in deposits , the banks lend maybe 10 times that .
As such , dropping the interest rate by 1 % deprives the chap who saved $ 100 of $ 1 in income - But relieves the 10 borrowers of $ 100 the burden of having to pay back $ 1 in interest .
That 's maybe going to be about 10 times more popular in a debt riddled democracy than the alternative ?
And it 's a good deal for governments in that while the worst case scenario is they lose the tax on the $ 1 income the saver might have spent , they gain the tax on all the extra dollars the 10 debtors probably spend because they are feeling collectively richer by $ 10 .
The fact that is how it works should be taught in schools I guess .
But then we'd have no savers and the government needs the savers to keep the whole system ticking along .
So they are n't going to tell people their game - The exact opposite in fact -
Where they usually have their central banks pretend to be inflation hawks - Just one 's that are never actually successful .
Smile !
So yes , saving is for suckers -
If the GFC has taught savers that they 'll be sacrificed mercilessly to support their debt ridden fellows then they definitely have not been paying attention .
It does n't help to whinge though - They trick is to understand how the game works then you at least have a chance of positioning yourself on the winning side .
( Unless you are can't get credit for some reason . )
At least that 's my layman type take on it .
Meremortal
28 Nov 09 , 02:07 FED - SPEAK
It does n't matter , the FED and politicains are just delaying the inevitable , just as they have for years .
They could raise short term rates to 1 % .
Savers would get squat , and the interest payments on the federal deficit would increase by $ 600 billion .
Gee , that does n't sound very good either .
That 's what you get when you kick the can far enough down the road rather than allow the markets to adjust on their own .
FED - SPEAK ( between the lines ) : " We will put off the collapse by creating years of grinding , slow deflation .
That will give most of us time to leave town before things get really bad . "
Here 's an out - of - the - ordinary piece recently posted to SSRN :
" Bush 's Brain ( No , Not Karl Rove ) : ‎ How Bush ’s Psyche Shaped His Decision - Making " , in R. Maranto , JUDGING BUSH , Stanford University Press , 2009
The U.S. budget deficit for fiscal year 2009 , which ended in September , was a record - shattering $ 1.4 trillion , equal to about 10 percent of Gross Domestic Product .
In case you 're wondering , the previous record had been set in …2008 .
$ 1.4 trillion dollars is a lot of money and it's hard to get your mind around that figure .
One way to appreciate the sum is to think of it in terms of all the things that you could buy with that dough .
The budget deficit , for instance , would pay for more than 1.2 billion nights at Rep. Charles Rangel 's vacation condo in the Dominican Republic .
And that 's just for starters .
Do n't worry if you have trouble doing the math , because you 'll get another chance next year .
The Obama administration has just released its estimate for the fiscal year 2010 budget deficit .
The number ?
Another $ 1.4 trillion .
Approximately 1.30 seconds .
Written and produced by Meredith Bragg and Nick Gillespie .
How to Identify Circumcision Damage
in the Adult Male
NOTE : Links with a right - facing blue arrow will take you off this site .
The risks of newborn circumcision are
an underreported and ignored factor in this argument .
Most often a poor surgical result is n't recognized until years after the event .
The adverse long term consequences of infant circumcision
on the sexual health of American men must be recognized
by physicians , parents , and legislators .
James L. Snyder , M.D. , Past President , Virginia Urologic Society
The Problem of Circumcision in America
Many circumcised men are unaware that they have been harmed by circumcision because they do not understand how the intact ( non-circumcised ) penis functions and / or they do not know how to identify their circumcision damage .
Many circumcised men fail to recognize their own circumcision damage and assume that peculiar things about their penis are ' normal ' or ' a birth defect . '
NOHARMM documents evidence of how males have been harmed by circumcision .
After reading this page , we encourage you to complete a confidential Harm Documentation Form and submit it to NOHARMM .
Some individuals may be able to take legal action against their circumciser , especially those who initiate action within one year after first realizing their damage or , in the case of minors , within one year of turning age 18 .
We can refer you to an appropriate attorney .
This page illustrates some of the physical consequences of infant circumcision , as they appear in the adult male :
For a discussion of circumcision 's sexual and psychological consequences affecting men ,
please read Long - Term Consequences of Neonatal Circumcision .
No skin mobility ; Scarring Below :
This photograph shows the lack of skin mobility during erection of a circumcised penis .
Note the dark scar where the foreskin was amputated .
This tightness and the unnatural dryness of the penile shaft and head causes some men ( and their partners ) pain , abrasion , and bleeding during sex .
Breaks in the skin are an effective way to transmit and contract sexually transmitted diseases , including HIV .
Below :
These five photographs show how the shaft skin of
an intact ( non-circumcised ) penis moves during sexual activity .
Anonymous photo taken from usenet news .
Range of skin movement marked by point A is several inches back and forth .
Note how point B moves and the end of the foreskin widens to accommodate
the head of the penis .
Notice the smooth texture of the head of the penis .
The moist mucosal surface of the foreskin and glans is similar to that
of the female labia and vagina .
NOTE : Retraction is normally not possible or desirable in infants and young children .
Explore the severity of your circumcision or the amount of foreskin you have using the Coverage Index
Keratinization
The glans ( penile head ) is normally an internal organ protected by the moist mucosal tissue of the prepuce ( foreskin ) .
Without the foreskin , the glans is exposed to the outer environment ( air , soap , clothing , sun , etc . ) .
The glans dries out and develops several extra layers of skin ( keratinization ) .
1 Compare the dry , cracked appearance of the glans of a circumcised penis ( upper right ) with the moist mucosal end of the glans of an intact penis ( lower right ) .
The unnatural dryness of the circumcised penis can cause abrasion and bleeding during sex , whereas the moistness of the intact penis makes sex more comfortable , especially during penetration .
For women with circumcised male partners , the problem of ' vaginal dryness ' during sex may also be partly attributable to the unnatural dryness of the circumcised penis .
Besides removing the densely nerve - laden foreskin , circumcision removes 50 % of the penile shaft skin and associated nerve endings .
2
The exposed glans then keratinizes , causing further loss of sensation .
Many circumcised men in the Awakenings survey 3 reported that desensitization caused them to abandon or bypass the subtler pleasures of genital foreplay in favor of immediate intercourse , which would offer them greater stimulation .
They often hurried through intercourse , however  often needing extraordinary and sometimes violent thrusting  to obtain sufficient stimulation for both pleasure and orgasm .
Other men reported frequent reliance on behaviors offering more stimulation than vaginal sex ( e.g. , oral sex , anal sex or masturbation ) or compensating for diminished quality of sexual response with quantity ( sexual compulsivity ) .
Eventually , keratinization occurs even after adult circumcision .
It can also occur in intact men with short foreskins or those who habitually wear their foreskin in the retracted position .
Imagine how different female sexual response would be if the clitoral hood ( female foreskin ) and the labia were removed .
Exposure of the clitoris to the constant effects of the outer environment would approximate the effects of male circumcision .
Circumcised penis
( top view ) Intact penis
( end view )
NOTE : Non-surgical foreskin restoration methods ( uncircumcision ) have helped circumcised men
to regain skin mobility and to reverse some of the effects of keratinization .
These methods are explained in The Joy of Uncircumcising !.
Support group assistance is available from the National Organization of Restoring Men .
Missing frenulum
The frenulum is a web of tissue connecting the foreskin to the underside of the glans ( similar to the frenulum under the tongue or the upper lip ) .
The penile frenulum is densely nerve - laden and is described as a male ' G - spot '  a very erogenous part of the penis .
4 Circumcision often destroys the frenulum .
Left : Circumcised penis with no frenulum .
Right : Intact penis with retracted foreskin and an intact frenulum .
Image : Pro-Foreskin Site
Skin bridge(s )
A skin bridge is tissue connecting the coronal ridge of the glans to the shaft of the penis .
During erection and / or sexual activity , bridges can pull on the glans and be painful .
A man can have one or several skin bridges of various lengths and widths .
Some are flush with the penile surface , while others actually create a loop of skin through which one can insert a pencil .
Skin bridges are a complication of infant circumcision and do not occur in adult circumcision , because infant circumcision requires the forced separation of the foreskin and glans .
( Natural separation occurs between infancy and age 18 . )
Removing an infant 's foreskin prior to its natural separation results in an exposed and raw glans , the coronal ridge of which can fuse with the raw skin edges of the penile shaft where the foreskin was cut .
This fused tissue is what causes the bridge effect .
Pigmentation variations
The pigmentation of the epidermal tissue of the penile shaft is often different from that of the mucosal tissue of the glans and inner foreskin .
In the intact penis , only the epidermal tissue of the penile shaft and outer foreskin are visible .
The pigmentation of this tissue is usually consistent .
Only when the foreskin is retracted , and the glans is exposed , does any pigmentation difference become noticeable .
In a circumcised penis , any difference in pigmentation ( between the epidermal tissue and that of the mucosal tissue of the glans and remaining inner foreskin ) is readily and permanently visible .
Stark contrasts in skin tone can be a source of embarrassment and self - esteem issues for some circumcised males .
Gouges / missing portions of the glans Separation of the foreskin from the glans occurs naturally between birth and age 18 , which is why forcible separation is not required for adult circumcision .
Infant circumcision involves the forced separation of these structures , which can tear portions of the glans that are tightly adhered to the foreskin .
Also , some circumcision devices ( e.g. , Sheldon clamp ) can sever all or part of the glans , or fail to shield the glans from the scalpel used to remove the foreskin .
Other circumcision - related damage may include : Meatal stenosis :
The normal meatus ( urinary opening ) in an intact penis is a long slit .
When the infant 's penis is deprived of its protective foreskin , the meatus can become ulcerated ( irritated ) by urine , feces and abrasion from diapers .
Ulceration can lead to stenosis ( narrowing ) of the meatus .
If the stenosis is severe and impedes urination , a boy may need a meatotomy ( surgical reopening of the meatus ) .
Bowing / curvature of the penis : Uneven removal of tissue during circumcision can cause skin to be tighter on one side of the penis than the other .
Bowing or curvature during erection can result .
Curvatures can also be congenital ( from birth ) or the result of Peyronie 's Disease .
Skin tags :
These are portions of the foreskin that remain after an uneven circumcision .
Hemorrhage , infection , penile amputation , gender reassignment and death are other self - evident forms of damage .
For additional photos of dramatic , yet common , circumcision damage , visit :
http://www.circumstitions.com/Botched1.html
References
1 Bigelow J. The Joy of Uncircumcising !
Aptos : Hourglass Publishing 1995:22-3 .
2 Taylor JR , Lockwood AP , Taylor AJ .
The prepuce : specialized mucosa of the penis and its loss to circumcision .
British Journal of Urology 1996;77:291-5 .
3 Hammond T. Awakenings : A Preliminary Poll of Circumcised Men. San Francisco : NOHARMM 1994 .
4 Per Judith Seifer , R.N. , President , American Assn. of Sex Educators , Counselors and Therapists .
In Ask Mens Health .
Mens Health Magazine October 1994 ;133 .
More Pages Related to Male & Female Circumcision
Top of Page | Home | Updates | FAQ | Research | Education | Advocacy | Litigation | Search | Ideas | For Media | Videos | Bookstore | FactFinder
Your Rights | Attorneys for the Rights of the Child | Video Excerpt | Dads | FGC Experts | Position Statement | Harm Form | Class Action
Twin brothers and designers R&E Praspaliauskas have designed a collection of shoes made of bread .
Called Bread Shoes ( of course ) , the products come in a variety of designs and dough recipes .
Children 's styles are also available .
More information here .
Here 's what the designers say :
--
That ’s right , boys and girls !
Put some romance in your “ loaf ” life !
Edible … dries itself … made from bread ... first in fashion … needs no pressing … feels good in dry climate … wo n’t sag
Every pair is unique and comes with a best suitable , hand - picked cardboard box .
The Baucus Bill ' milestone ' obscures the only real solution to the ills of our current health care system ...
Ernest A. Canning Byon
10/16/2009 , 10:34 am PT
Guest blogged by Ernest A. Canning
As recounted in a front - page article in The New York Times , on the strength of a single " yes " from a member of the Party of No , President Barack Obama described the 14 to 9 Senate Finance Committee vote in favor of the Baucus health care bill as " a critical milestone , " adding , " We are now closer than ever to passing health care reform . "
With all due respect , Mr. President , it is nothing of the sort .
To the contrary , the Senate Finance Committee has produced nothing less than a legislative obscenity .
After nearly a year of back room deals and unending propaganda , which has included extensive corporate media coverage of insurance industry sponsored , wing - nut assaults on town halls , fabricated issues about " death panels , " the exclusion of single - payer advocates from the White House and the Senate Finance Committee , and a deafening corporate media silence about the widespread public support * for a single - payer ( Medicare for All ) system , the time has come to pierce through the confusion by asking and answering a few simple questions ...
What is reform ?
According to Webster 's , the word " reform " means [ emphasis added ] :
1 a : to put or change into an improved form or condition b : to amend or improve by change of form or removal of faults or abuses .
2 : to put an end to ( an evil ) by enforcing or introducing a better method or course of action .
What is the ' evil ' in the U.S. health care system that needs ' reform ' ?
The short answer --- for - profit insurance and an uncontrolled pharmaceutical industry , or , as I so delicately put it in ObamaCare : Right Diagnosis , Wrong Prescription : "
America needs private carriers for health care like a local businessman needs the Mafia for protection .
As noted in " Single - Payer and the ' Democracy Deficit , ' " per capita cost of health care in the U.S. is nearly double that of single - payer countries , yet the U.S. ranks 37th in health care delivery .
Administrative costs in single - payer countries range from 1 % to 2 % .
In the U.S. , private carriers siphon off 31 % of health care dollars .
That 31 % amounts to $ 350 billion per year .
Physicians for a National Health Program ( PNHP ) reports " medical bills contribute to half of all personal bankruptcies .
Three - fourths of those bankrupted had health insurance at the time they got sick or injured . "
Where opponents of single - payer rail against paying taxes toward a single - payer system , the PNHP observed that our taxes already pay for 60 % of health care costs in the US .
" Americans pay the highest health care taxes in the world .
We pay for national health insurance , but do n’t get it , " they charge .
As I 've noted in " Single Payer and the ' Democracy Deficit ' " , the U.S. health care system is not merely corrupt and dysfunctional but deadly .
47 million Americans are uninsured ; a figure that is growing at a rate of 14,000 per day .
A Harvard University study which has been released by the American Journal of Public Health revealed that our system kills close to 45,000 each year due to lack of coverage --- 45,000 in addition to the still uncounted numbers who die when carriers refuse to authorize vital procedures .
A system that places greater value on the obscene profits of a handful of already wealthy insurance company CEOs and their Wall Street investors than on the health and very lives of the citizenry is both irrational and immoral .
Is the Baucus bill an obscenity ?
The word " obscene " is not applied in the formal legal sense entailing sexual content appealing to the prurient interest that is of no redeeming social value but instead , as applied by Webster 's , as an abhorrent act made " repulsive by reason of crass disregard of moral or ethical principles ( an obscene misuse of power ) . "
Thus , I previously described the Baucus bill as a " legislative obscenity that Sen. Max Baucus ( D - MT ) and a former vice president of WellPoint spent months preparing --- an insurance carrier wish - list that contains no public option , no means for controlling costs or abuse ; a measure that does not merely protect but expands the already obscene wealth of the few by mandating that every citizen purchase insurance , with massive subsidies flowing into carrier coffers . "
There can be no true " reform " short of either a single - payer system or a public option that would permit everyone to opt out of the private insurance system
As I 've noted previously , the President 's effort to satisfy both the health needs of our citizens and the greed of the health insurance cartel is a fool 's errand .
Per the Congressional Budget Office ( " CBO " ) , Baucus would funnel $ 461 billion in subsidies into the coffers of private carriers in order to extend coverage " to 18 million people who otherwise would be unable to afford " it .
It would force every American ( save those who qualify for Medicare , VA benefits , etc. ) to purchase coverage or face financial penalties .**
The ostensible rationale for mandating that every American purchase insurance arises from the President 's desire to eliminate preexisting conditions as a basis for carrier refusals to authorize and pay for medical care .
If there were no exclusions for preexisting conditions , there would be no need to purchase insurance until you get sick .
Only sick people would have insurance , and private carriers would go under .
Thus , the mandate now being proposed in Baucus ' and the other similar proposals supported by Obama .
But , of course , there would be no need to address the issues surrounding preexisting conditions under a single - payer system where no one would have to buy insurance and everyone would be covered by a publicly funded program .
The desire to retain a private , for - profit system to address the public health care needs of our citizens leads to a perversion of the principles on which this nation was founded .
Where this nation 's founders declared that each individual is born with certain " inalienable rights " --- " life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness " --- under Baucus every birth carries with it a lifetime obligation to pay into to the private coffers of the health insurance cartel in order to maintain the obscene wealth of the privileged few , albeit , one that does not apply under Baucus until the age of majority when the $ 750 penalty for failing to obtain coverage kicks in .**
Where a citizen 's obligation to pay taxes is , under the preamble to the U.S. Constitution , reciprocated by the federal government 's obligation to provide for the common defense and to promote the general welfare , Baucus imposes taxes on citizens that will do little more , ultimately , than maximize profits for those whose campaign contributions have corrupted the legislative process .
So much so , that the public good , as envisioned by the founders , is no longer recognizable .
Indeed , where the Declaration of Independence proclaimed that government exists to " secure " these " inalienable rights , " Baucus declares that the government 's role is to simply guarantee private carrier profits by making our mere existence a form of indentured servitude to the insurance cartel --- a cartel which remains free to deprive us of our health , our hard - earned savings and even our very lives through creative " utilization reviews " in which , as revealed by health insurance cartel whistle blower Wendell Potter , vital medical procedures give way to the corporate / Wall Street bottom line .
( See video below ) .
And , after all that , Baucus still leaves 29 million uninsured ; many of whom would remain at risk of death by reason of non-coverage .
From ' the good ' to ' the corrupt '
The CBO asserts Baucus would not add to the federal deficit because the $ 821 billion price tag would be offset by the penalties and by cuts in Medicare .
Medicare is a single - payer system which , in the eyes of the corrupt , is deficient since money that flows into Medicare cannot be siphoned off by private carriers .
So we take money from the good system and put it into the corrupt system , and that 's reform ?
As Fortune 's Shawn Tulley observes , " the Baucus legislation would impose the equivalent of a giant tax hike on middle - class families , who would have far less money left over after buying insurance than they do today . "
Baucus does not mandate employer coverage .
To the contrary , Tulley argues , Baucus " offers irresistible incentives for America 's big employers to dump their coverage " --- a factor that calls into question whether , over the course of decade , the number of individuals incapable of purchasing coverage will be far greater than anticipated by the CBO .
Rep. Alan Grayson ( D - FL ) asserts that an employer mandate would save $ 200 billion ; that a public option would save $ 100 billion more .
Both the CBO's and Grayson 's analysis fail to mention that under the single - payer system envisioned by HR 676 ( " Medicare for All " Act ) , there would be no need for employer mandates .
A single - payer system would make U.S. manufacturing competitive with foreign companies which do not include the cost of health care in the price of their products .
President Obama conceded the only system that would provide health care coverage for every American is single - payer --- a system which the PNHP estimates would save between $ 350 billion to $ 400 billion per year by eliminating the parasitic middle men --- for - profit carriers .
Of course , the greed of a cartel which --- as documented in the sworn Congressional testimony of Dr. Linda Pino recounted in Michael Moore 's Sicko --- is willing to allow patients to die in order to maximize profits , knows no bounds .
On the eve of the Finance Committee Report , the industry advanced a doctored Price - Waterhouse Cooper 's study which let the cat out of the bag .
As observed by Lawrence O'Donnell on MSNBC's " Countdown , " " health care premiums will continue to rise with or without the Baucus bill . "
This latest demonstration of unbridled corporate greed prompted Jonathan Cohn , author of Sick : The Untold Story of America 's Health Care Crisis -- and the People Who Pay the Price to observe that " it comes down to ‘ Do you trust the insurance industry ? ’ "
Cohn 's question was too narrow .
We know we can't trust either the insurance cartel or the Party of No , but can we trust any politician who would attempt to pawn off this legislative obscenity as " a critical milestone " in the effort to achieve meaningful " health care reform ? "
Can we trust the President of these United States to truly effectuate " change we can believe in ? "
While mulling that question , consider the fact that , one day after the Senate Finance Committee approved the Baucus obscenity , Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - NV ) moved quickly to sequester the question of reconciling Baucus with the somewhat more progressive measure once championed by Senator Edward Kennedy ( D - MA ) .
Those selected to take part in this new round of back - door deals were Senator Christopher Dodd ( D - CT ) , whose " wife , Jackie Clegg Dodd , serves on the boards of four health - care companies , receiving more than $ 200,000 in salary and stock from her service in 2008 , " Sen .
Baucus , the largest recipient of health insurance campaign contributions in Congress , White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel , who was directly involved over many months in the drafting of the Baucus obscenity , and Senator Olympia Snow ( R - ME ) , a member of the Senate Finance Committee 's gang of six responsible for crafting this monstrosity .
Does anyone believe that this little clique is meeting behind closed doors to advance the public good ?
Will progressive Senate Democrats , like their counterparts in the House , be willing to filibuster a bill that emerges from this motley crew if it does not contain a public option ?
Or will they passively go along , permitting a legislative obscenity to become law ?
Even as the only real solution , single - payer , is ignored .
* * *
The 10/10/09 ' Democracy Now ! coverage of Robert Greenwald ’s “ Sick for Profits ” follows below ...
___
UPDATE 10/18/09 : Referencing the Baucus bill in " Public Health Before Wall Street Wealth , " former Los Angeles Times columnist , Robert Scheer , observed :
The main thrust of the proposal is to forcibly submit even more customers to the tender mercies of the insurance industry while doing nothing significant to cut costs .
Insurers will now pretend that the burdens on them are onerous and will demand concessions to make this an even bigger boondoggle for the medical profiteers than George W. Bush ’s prescription drug coverage initiative .
===
Ernest A. Canning has been an active member of the California state bar since 1977 .
Mr. Canning has received both undergraduate and graduate degrees in political science as well as a juris doctor .
He is also a Vietnam vet ( 4th Infantry , Central Highlands 1968 ) .
I would 've assumed George Lucas ' foley had more advanced equipment than this , but judging by how convincing these junkpile - produced sound effects are , maybe not by much .
BWAA !!
BWAAAA !! etc .
Advertisement
Click to view
Before diving into the toy cabinet , remember : this will make a lot of noise , attract people to the scene , and leave you in the awkward situation of explaining to your wife / mother / terrified child that " no , it 's ok , I 'm just recreating the blaster sounds from A New Hope from scratch , because I do that kind of thing .
[ CollegeHumor ]
It was an epic failure by anyone 's standards .
Bumbling thieves who allegedly attempted to steal a motorised go - kart by squeezing into the back seat of a Holden Commodore in Toowoomba were in even deeper when police showed up to arrest them .
Tight fit ... three men attempting to steal a go - kart came unstuck when they tried to fit it into the back of this Holden Commodore .
Patrolling police passed three men attempting to fit a kart on the back seat of the car outside St Luke ’s Lutheran Church , on in Wilsonton , about 10.30 pm on Friday .
Further questioning of the men revealed they were attempting to steal the kart .
" They tried to get it into the back seat but it got stuck and they could n’t squeeze it in , " Toowoomba Police sergeant Jamie Deacon said .
Read the full story at The Toowoomba Chronicle .
On the lookout for the Motorola / Android / Verizon trifecta , we dug up some handset renders over at motofan .ru that seem to fit the bill quite well , thank you .
According to the site , " Sholes " is a 3.7 - inch ( 480 x 854 ) touchscreen device that will make its debut in the U.S. in October , featuring : 512MB storage , 256MB RAM , support for microSD / microSDHC up to 16 GB ( an 8 GB microSD ships with the phone ) , a 5 megapixel camera with autofocus , GPS , and the expected connectivity ( USB , Bluetooth 2.0 , WiFi ) , audio , and video formats .
And if the translation was n't hopelessly garbled , the source is also saying that this bad boy will support both CDMA and EVDO Rev A .
No word on a price yet , but if this phone does make it to the realm of the real it 'll be nice to see a Moto / Android device that does n't look like it belongs in the hands of a tweenage girl ( yeah , we said it , Morrison ) .
See for yourself after the break .
Am I the only one getting sick of all the wahhh talk about " Fast DLC means they 're charging us extra for the ' full ' game !!! 11one!1eleven "
Do a check on how long it takes between going gold and a game actually selling on shelves .
Compare that to how long it takes to get DLC out when it 's finished .
Just because DLC comes out a week or two after a game launches , does n't mean the DLC was magically finished in time for the game to go to print and they excluded it because they were evil .
But honestly , the same people would probably bitch and moan if it took them a month to launch DLC because it should have been out sooner .
The game had plenty of content at launch .
Them adding more later does n't mean they subtracted before .
Grow up .
# borderlands
Policy of Avoidance How Blunt Can One Be about Integration ?
Bluntness and bitterness have long been elements of integration debates in Germany .
But emotion often obscures an important question :
Why do many ethnic groups integrate well into German society while others do not ?
Von SPIEGEL
Staff
Ford will recoup less than a third of 1999 value in sale to Zhejiang Geely after quality issues and 22 % drop in US sales
Swedish carmaker Volvo – renowned across Europe for its chunky , ultra - safe vehicles – is likely to fall into Chinese hands after the brand 's owner , Ford , chose a consortium led by industrial group Zhejiang Geely as preferred bidder for the loss - making business .
Sources say Geely – which is China 's largest independent motor manufacturer – is willing to pay about $ 2bn ( £ 1.2bn ) for Volvo , and is keen to build on the presence of the so - called " Swedish tanks " in the increasingly affluent Chinese car market .
Premium European names such as Audi and BMW are already becoming popular on the Asian nation 's roads .
A sale would be a relief to Ford , which has been trying to offload Volvo since the end of last year .
The Detroit - based US company is likely to get a price well below the $ 6.45 bn ( £ 3.95 bn ) it paid for Volvo in 1999 .
" Ford believes Geely has the potential to be a responsible future owner of Volvo , and to take the business forward while preserving its core values and the independence of the Swedish brand , " said Ford 's chief financial officer , Lewis Booth .
Established in Gothenburg in 1927 , Volvo took its name from the Latin verb " volvere " , meaning " to roll " .
The manufacturer employs about 20,000 staff , three quarters of whom work in Sweden .
However , Volvo lost $ 231 m ( £ 140 m ) in the second quarter of 2009 and sales of its vehicles have fallen 22 % in the US this year .
Craig Fitzgerald , an analyst at business advisory firm Plante & Moran in Michigan , said that Ford overpaid when it bought Volvo and then failed to build the name effectively on both sides of the Atlantic .
It also struggled , until recently , with quality challenges .
But he said Volvo remained a strong name : " It has a relatively clear identity for somewhat stylish , different , very safe , durable vehicles .
This is a brand that can be built upon . "
Geely has seen off other potential buyers for Volvo , including a US consortium called Crown – which is led by several former Ford executives .
Negotiations have been prolonged by intellectual property issues – Ford is concerned about sensitive technology shared between Ford cars and Volvo vehicles in powertrain , engines and vehicle architecture .
After talks in London , brokered by the investment bank Rothschild , Geely has offered to keep Volvo as a relatively autonomous unit .
Sweden 's government has provided emergency aid to Volvo and rival carmaker Saab to keep them afloat as sales wane , although the country has been reluctant to take public ownership of carmakers .
The head of Volvo 's engineering union , Magnus Sundemo , expressed reservations yesterday about the prospect of a Geely buyout : " My main concern is whether they have what is needed to understand Volvo culture – the way we work here and the values at Volvo . "
Chinese carmakers are an increasingly influential presence in the international motor industry .
General Motors recently sold its Hummer brand to China 's Sichuan Tengzhong and another Chinese firm , Beijing Automotive , is taking a minority stake in Saab .
News of the potential deal emerged amid further signs of financial stress in Detroit , where General Motors ' former financial arm , GMAC , is negotiating with the Treasury about a third helping of government aid .
GMAC is a crucial player in financing car dealerships across the US .
It has already received $ 12.5 bn ( £ 7.6 bn ) of taxpayers ' money , but is struggling to raise capital needed to get its balance sheet on a stable footing .
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
Like a tractor driven by a drunk , the Obama administration keeps zigzagging on food / ag policy –sometimes veering in the direction of progressive change , other times whipping back toward the agrichemical status quo .
In the last couple of days , there ’s been a sharp turn toward the status quo .
As I reported yesterday , Obama plucked Islam “ Isi ” Siddiqui from the nation ’s most powerful agrichemical lobby group and made him our chief negotiator on ag issues in global trade talks .
This is a major coup for Big Ag .
Ramming open foreign markets for our cheap food commodities and pricey ag inputs is critical to the industry ’s future profits–and perilous for global food security and the environment .
And today , Obama ’s Big Ag side got the best of him again .
He tapped Roger Beachy , long - time president of the Danforth Plant Science Center , as chief of the USDA ’s newly created National Institute of Food and Agriculture ( NIFA ) .
A creation of the 2008 Farm Bill , the NIFA “ replaces the Cooperative State Research , Education , and Extension Service , which distributes $ 200 million in competitive grants and about $ 280 million in ‘ formula funding ’ to land - grant universities , ” Science blog reports .
Science continues :
The Farm Bill adds another $ 106 million annually of competitive funding for research into organic farming , biomass , and fruits and vegetables .
It also calls for a “ distinguished scientist ” to be appointed for a 6 - year term as director .
So this is a critical post .
If the sustainable farming movement is going to scale up and really start providing a large portion of the nation ’s calories–and deliver on its potentially huge environmental promises –than we ’re going to need a significant commitment of federal research dollars .
Photo : Courtesy of the Danforth CenterAnd what are we getting with the appointment of Beachy ?
The Danforth Plant Science Center , nestled in Monsanto ’s St. Louis home town , is essentially that company ’s NGO research and PR arm .
According to its website , the center “ was founded in 1998 through gifts from the St. Louis - based Danforth Foundation , the Monsanto Fund ( a philanthropic foundation ) , and a tax credit from the State of Missouri . ”
Monsanto CEO
Hugh Grant sits on the center ’s board of trustees , along with execs from defense giant McDonnell Douglas and pharma titan Merck .
Another notable board member is Alfonso Romo , a Mexican magnate who cashed in big during his country ’s notoriously corrupt privatization / liberalization bonanza in the early ’90s .
Romo used his connections to build a company called Seminis into the globe ’s biggest vegetable - seed concern , with dreams ( as yet unrealized ) of loads of new GMO veggie varieties .
Monsanto bought Seminis in 2005 .
Here ’s a revealing Wall Street Journal profile of Romo from 1999 ; and here ’s what I wrote about him and the Monsanto / Seminis tie up back in 2005 .
( Interesting tidbit : Romo claims credit for innovating those insipid and ubiquitous “ baby carrots ” ; and for reducing the spiciness of jalepeno peppers . )
On its short list of “ partners ” we find several research - oriented universities and one corporation : Monsanto .
In the Danforth Center ’s 2007 annual report ( PDF ) , Monsanto is mentioned no fewer than ten times funding this or that project .
So essentially , the public face of Monsanto ’s research efforts now has his fingers on the USDA ’s research purse strings .
Score a big one for agribusiness !
So Obama has become an agribiz shill , right ?
Well , it ’s not nearly so simple .
Last winter , the administration tapped Kathleen Merrigan as deputy USDA secretary .
This is traditionally a powerful position within the agency ; under Bush , a paid - up industrial corn man held the post .
Merrigan has pristine credentials as an organic advocate–and from the whispers I ’ve heard , has been pushing that agenda within USDA .
I ’m told she ’s met with many prominent sustainable - ag advocates –folks who were completely frozen out by the Bush USDA .
The latest : On Twitter , Michel Dimock of California ’s Roots of Change recently announced he has “ 4 mtngs w/ USDA nxt 2 days . ”
That sort of access simply was n’t available at Bush ’s USDA .
Then there ’s Merrigan ’s brainchild , “ The Know Your Farmer Know Your Food ” initiative ( complete with splashy new web site ) .
It ’s essentially an attempt to alert players in the sustainable food movement to possibilities of getting existing USDA funding .
( I wrote briefly about its limits and promise lat week . )
Again , you can call the initiative largely symbolic , but nothing remotely like it was happening under Bush .
It ’s certainly energizing sustainable ag NGO chiefs .
On Chews Wise blog , Sam Fromartz reports that such folks are “ pumped ” by the initiative .
He asked several for their reactions .
Words like “ fantastic , ” “ thrilling , ” and “ quite encouraging ” tripped off their tongues .
Meanwhile , Michelle Obama–and her food ambassador , White House assistant chef / gardener Sam Kass–continues to push sustainable ag from the East Wing .
One can assume she has some influence in the Oval Office .
So what ’s going on here ?
Whither the Obama administration on food and ag–toward a food future that seeks big , top - down , corporate - led answers , always straining to leapfrog ecological limits–and creating new sets of problems to be ( lucratively ) solved ?
Or toward one that works within ecological limits , builds resilience , and generates wealth and health within communities ?
Right now , we ’re getting a kind of policy whiplash .
But I have a conjecture –based completely on my own observation , not on any inside info .
I ’ll give it here ; and I urge readers to give their own conjectures below .
My conjecture is this : Obama likes cutting - edge ideas .
You look at the ag landscape , and you see two distinct areas with great innovation , energy , and movement : biotech and organic / sustainable .
So he ’s coming out strong behind both camps , and plans to sit back and see which one develops the best ideas .
The problem is that the biotech side has a massive advantage in terms of resources ; and , as I ’ve shown before , has benefitted from years of government cronyism and coddling .
Moreover , it utterly dominates the university research agenda , aided by the draconian intellectual rights the government has awarded it .
So if Obama is setting up a kind of contest between the two camps , the game is rigged in advance .
That ’s what I think .
Please write what you think below .
School board members in Miami have won their battle to remove a children 's book from the shelves of Miami - Dade school libraries because they said the book presented an inaccurate picture of life in Cuba .
On Monday , the US Supreme Court declined to take up the case of " Vamos a Cuba " – the little book that sparked a big controversy over alleged censorship in Miami .
The action lets stand a 2 - 1 ruling by the 11th US Circuit Court of Appeals that the school board 's decision to remove the book was not censorship in violation of the First Amendment .
Instead , the Atlanta - based appeals court said the school board was seeking to remove the book because it contained substantial factual inaccuracies .
The American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) of Florida had appealed to the high court to overturn the 11th Circuit decision .
" It is a sad day for free speech in our great nation , " said JoNel Newman , a lawyer with the ACLU of Florida .
" This is a dangerous precedent , and a huge leap backwards in the battle against censorship .
Aftershocks may be felt in public school libraries across the country . "
A federal judge had earlier found that the school board had engaged in unconstitutional censorship .
" School board members intended by their removal of the books to deny school children access to ideas or points - of - view with which the school officials disagreed , " US District Judge Alan Gold said .
The judge issued an injunction blocking removal of the book .
The appeals court ordered the injunction to be lifted , and it is this order that was upheld by the Supreme Court 's action .
Parents complained
The underlying controversy arose in 2006 , when the parent of a student at a Miami elementary school complained about the book .
" As a former political prisoner in Cuba , I find the material to be untruthful " in a way that " aims to create an illusion and distort reality , " wrote the student 's father , Juan Amador .
" Vamos a Cuba " and its English - language version " A Visit to Cuba " are part of a series of 24 books seeking to introduce young readers , aged four to eight , to other countries .
Among the offending passages was this one : " People in Cuba eat , work , and go to school like you do . "
Critics of the book said it presented a distorted view of Cuba by suggesting the lives of children there are no different from those in the US .
A more accurate portrayal would include the hardships of life in Cuba , they said .
Those against a ban of " Vamos a Cuba " stressed that other books could be included on library shelves to offer a more rounded view of Cuba .
They said removing and banning the book was censorship .
The school district responded to the controversy by assembling two boards to review the complaint .
The boards voted 7 to 1 and then 15 to 1 to keep the books in school libraries .
The Miami -Dade School Board then took up the issue and voted 6 to 1 to replace the book .
The board majority said the book was inaccurate and contained several omissions about life in Cuba under Fidel Castro .
Correcting inaccuracy or censoring books ?
In its ruling , the appeals court embraced this view .
Supposing the book series included one on North Korea , wrote Judge Ed Carnes in his decision .
" Suppose the book stated : ' People in North Korea eat , work , and go to school like you do . '
We probably could all agree that statement is factually inaccurate . "
" Would a school board be prohibited from removing the book on the ground that doing so would constitute viewpoint discrimination ? , " Judge Carnes asked .
" Or because it promotes political orthodoxy to remove a book that makes a despised regime look better than the truth would ?
Would a school board 's decision to remove that book from the shelves of its libraries amount to book banning ?
Would removing it be unconstitutional ? "
The dissenting judge on the appeals panel answered those questions with a yes .
The correct response , he said , was to make more books on Cuba available to students , not fewer .
Carnes argued that " Vamos a Cuba " is not content - neutral .
Statements in a nonfiction book that " whitewash the problems of a country and make the life of its people appear to be better than it is are not content neutral any more than overt propaganda would be , " he wrote .
Once it is established that the book presents a false picture , Carnes said , the argument that the school board acted as ideological censors " collapses on itself . "
The ACLU disagrees .
" The Miami - Dade School Board violated the right of school children to have access to the marketplace of ideas in their school libraries , " said Howard Simon , executive director of the ACLU of Florida .
" These books were removed under the guise of ' inaccuracies , ' but the real reason they were removed was because the books ran afoul of the political orthodoxy of a majority of the school board members . "
He added , " If that is to become the new standard for censoring books from public library shelves , the ACLU may be immersed in censorship battles for years to come . "
----
Follow us on Twitter
Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates ruled on Friday that 44 photos that reportedly show abuse of detainees by the U.S. military in Iraq and Afghanistan cannot be released publicly .
The Obama Administration notified the Supreme Court on Friday evening of this action by the Pentagon leader , and urged the Court to set aside a lower court ruling directing release of those photos .
The new brief was filed in Defense Department v. American Civil Liberties Union ( 09 - 160 ) .
UPDATE : The Court may not act on the new filing until after the AC LU responds .
A statement by the ACLU reacting to the Pentagon decision is here .
The Pentagon had appealed the case to the Supreme Court , to get a ruling on whether the photos at issue are exempt from mandatory disclosure under the federal Freedom of Information Act .
The government was relying on Exemption 7 ( F ) of the Act , which protects law enforcement records that , if released , could be expected “ to endanger the life or physical safety of any individual . ”
The Second Circuit Court , however , ruled that this exemption only applies if a government agency identities at least oen specific individual who would be endangered , and it concluded that the Pentagon had not done so .
While the Pentagon petition was pending at the Court , however , Congress passed an amendment to FOIA , explicitly to overrule the Second Circuit ruling so far as it applied to the 44 military photos , some of which have been made public and some of which have been used in criminal prosecutions within the military .
The new law , signed by President Obama on Oct. 28 , is written so that it reaches photos taken between the 9/11 attacks in 2001 and last Jan. 22 relating to treatment of individuals captured abroad by the military after 9/11 .
The law gives the Pentagon chief the authority to issue a certificate that disclosure would endanger U.S. military service members or U.S. civilian employees serving outside the U.S. Using that authority on Friday , Gates issued the certificate .
( The document is included as Appendix B to the filing linked above . )
Submitting it to the Court , Solicitor General Elena Kagan urged the Justices to vacate the Second Circuit ruling , and then take into account the new law and Gates ’ action .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Securities exchanges have a sound network back - up if a severe pandemic keeps people home and clogging the Internet , but the Homeland Security Department has done little planning , Congressional investigators said on Monday .
The department does not even have a plan to start work on the issue , the General Accountability Office said .
But the Homeland Security Department accused the GAO of having unrealistic expectations of how the Internet could be managed if millions began to telework from home at the same time as bored or sick schoolchildren were playing online , sucking up valuable bandwidth .
Experts have for years pointed to the potential problem of Internet access during a severe pandemic , which would be a unique kind of emergency .
It would be global , affecting many areas at once , and would last for weeks or months , unlike a disaster such as a hurricane or earthquake .
H1N1 swine flu has been declared a pandemic but is considered a moderate one .
Health experts say a worse one -- or a worsening of this one -- could result in 40 percent absentee rates at work and school at any given time and closed offices , transportation links and other gathering places .
Many companies and government offices hope to keep operations going as much as possible with teleworking using the Internet .
Among the many problems posed by this idea , however , is the issue of bandwidth -- especially the “ last mile ” between a user ’s home and central cable systems .
" Such network congestion could prevent staff from broker - dealers and other securities market participants from teleworking during a pandemic , " reads the GAO report , available at www.gao.gov/new.items/d108.pdf.
“ The Department of Homeland Security is responsible for ensuring that critical telecommunications infrastructure is protected . ”
BLOCKING WEBSITES
Private Internet providers might need government authorization to block popular websites , it said , or to reduce residential transmission speeds to make way for commerce .
The Financial Services Sector Coordinating Council for Critical Infrastructure Protection and Homeland Security , a group of private - sector firms and financial trade associations , has been working to ensure that trading could continue if big exchanges had to close because of the risk of disease transmission .
“ Because the key securities exchanges and clearing organizations generally use proprietary networks that bypass the public Internet , their ability to execute and process trades should not be affected by any congestion , ” the GAO report reads .
However , not all had good plans for critical activities if many of their employees were ill , the report reads .
Homeland Security had done even less , it said .
“ DHS has not developed a strategy to address potential Internet congestion , ” the report said .
It had also not even checked into whether the public or even other federal agencies would cooperate , GAO said .
“ The report gives the impression that there is potentially a single solution to Internet congestion that DHS could achieve if it were to develop an appropriate strategy , ” DHS ’s Jerald Levine retorted in a letter to the GAO .
“ An expectation of unlimited Internet access during a pandemic is not realistic , ” he added .
( Fortune Magazine ) -- Just after 9 a.m. on a humid Friday in late September , the trustees of Auburn University gather in a campus hotel conference room for their first meeting of the new school year .
Even this early in the day there 's a bit of electricity in the air .
It is football season , it 's a home - game weekend , and expectations are running high .
The Tigers have a new coach and are undefeated through their first three games .
When 87,000 orange - and - blue - clad fans gather in Jordan - Hare stadium on Saturday night to watch Auburn vanquish another overmatched out - of - conference visitor , chests will be puffed up .
But first a bit of higher - ed theater must be played out .
Auburn is a state - funded school , and the trustees ' meetings are open to the public .
More than 100 university staffers , faculty , reporters , and interested citizens have gathered this morning to watch the board tend to school business .
After presentations from the audit and compensation committees , the focus turns to the school 's 2010 budget and to Robert E. " Bobby " Lowder , the chairman of the finance committee and the longest - serving member of the board .
Because of the ailing economy , Auburn is looking at a drop - off of close to $ 100 million in state funding from 2008 to 2010 , and hard choices need to be made .
" What we 're facing here is a tough situation , " says Lowder .
" And it could get worse . "
The same could be said of Lowder himself .
On Aug. 14 , just a few months after Lowder , 67 , announced his retirement as CEO and chairman of Colonial Bancgroup , federal and state regulators took control of the company he had founded and spent 28 years building into a regional banking powerhouse .
The seizure of Colonial 's roughly 350 branches and $ 26 billion in assets -- the bulk of which were then handed over to BB&T ( BBT , Fortune 500 ) of North Carolina -- made it the sixth - biggest bank failure in U.S. history , the worst this year , and the third largest since the beginning of the credit crisis that plunged the markets into turmoil in 2008 .
( Only Washington Mutual and IndyMac , which went under last year , were bigger . )
At an estimated cost of $ 2.8 billion to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. , the Colonial collapse helped push the already depleted FDIC further into crisis mode .
( In September , the FDIC proposed a plan to raise $ 45 billion to replenish its coffers . )
As Colonial 's largest shareholder , with some 8 million shares , Lowder personally lost $ 164 million on paper during the stock 's plunge from its 2006 high to its delisting from the New York Stock Exchange in August .
To many of his enemies it's more than a little ironic that Lowder ( pronounced " louder " ) has retained his role overseeing Auburn 's finances .
And Lowder has made plenty of enemies over the years .
His name might not be familiar outside Alabama , but he is easily one of the most feared , loathed , and some say misunderstood men to wield power in this state since George Wallace -- the governor who first appointed him to the board in 1983 .
Lowder has been accused of making backroom deals with governors and treating the Auburn football program like a private fiefdom .
( Because of his influence over Auburn 's athletic program , three years ago ESPN named him the most powerful booster in college sports . )
At various times Lowder has been at war with Auburn 's faculty , its student newspaper , its alumni association , and some of his fellow trustees -- developing a reputation along the way as a tyrant with a vindictive nature .
It has been alleged that Lowder made a death threat to one board member he clashed with .
To Lowder 's defenders , he is a tough but ethical businessman whose two passions in life have always been Colonial Bank and Auburn , and not necessarily in that order .
They describe a shy person whose introverted nature has often been misperceived by critics , and point to his and his family 's almost unmatched generosity over the years in giving back to his school .
The Edward L. and Catherine K. Lowder Business Building ( named for his parents ) and the Charlotte G. Lowder Student Development Center ( named for his wife ) are among the monuments to his giving .
One acquaintance who has seen him recently says he appears " humbled . "
( Through his lawyer , Lowder declined to answer questions or respond to allegations for this article . )
Lately Lowder has suffered personal as well as business setbacks .
In the past two years his 37 - year - old son died suddenly from an aneurysm , his beloved 93 - year - old mother passed away , and his longtime consigliere -- a brilliant lawyer named Jack Miller who served as both Colonial 's primary outside counsel and its vice chairman -- waged a losing battle with cancer that ended with his death in July .
As much as Lowder has already lost , he could still lose much more .
A slew of class - action suits have been filed by both Colonial shareholders and former employees that charge Colonial with reckless and dishonest conduct and name Lowder as a primary defendant .
One thing that seems clear is that Colonial Bank , led by Lowder , binged on the real estate bubble probably as much as or more than any sizable bank in the country , making dozens of acquisitions to get into fast - growing markets such as Nevada , Atlanta , and especially Florida , and concentrating more than 85 % of its loan portfolio in real estate .
Perhaps most worrying for Lowder is an investigation by the FBI and the Office of the Special Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief Program into Colonial 's so - called warehouse - lending business .
Colonial applied for $ 550 million in TARP funds last fall but was never cleared to receive a bailout .
On Aug. 3 , just 11 days before regulators shut down Colonial , agents raided the bank 's offices in downtown Orlando , where the warehouse lending was managed , and spent hours carting away boxes of documents .
As the man who signed Colonial 's financial statements , Lowder could face civil or even criminal charges if evidence of fraud is found in the bank 's TARP application .
No matter what the outcome of the lawsuits and the investigations , the story of Bobby Lowder is more than another tale of a tyrannical banker or overzealous college booster .
It 's a classic yarn of a steady rise to power and a dizzying fall -- a narrative of hubris with a Southern twist .
" I 'm anxious to see what comes out like everybody else , but I can't see Bobby ever knowingly doing anything dishonest , " says a former executive at Colonial .
" I think he just overreached . "
Troubles with TARP
For a man who 's often been portrayed as a larger - than - life villain , Lowder hardly looks intimidating in person .
About 5 feet 8 inches tall , he is slight and stoop - shouldered .
When he smiles , he tends to bust out in a wide , outsize grin .
He has a tall forehead , and the back of his skull , rather than curving naturally , angles down sharply .
A fellow Auburn trustee once described him as " this li'l ol ' harmless guy who looks like Howdy Doody . "
Like many a Southern banker , Lowder favors conservative gray suits .
But tailoring is no trivial matter to him .
One former employee describes him as " completely into clothes .
If someone was wearing a cheap suit he would know it , and he would let them know it .
If he did n't think a woman was dressed nicely , he might tell someone to give her directions to Neiman Marcus . "
At Colonial , Lowder surrounded himself with attractive , well - groomed women in high - ranking positions .
" One of the great things about working for Bobby Lowder was that he encouraged the females that worked with him to grow within the company , " says one former longtime female employee .
When he retired , the CFO , COO , and chief credit officer at Colonial were all women .
" I asked him about that once , " says another woman who worked closely with Lowder at Colonial .
" He said , ' In my experience it 's always been men that betray me .
Women are more loyal . ' "
His current wife was once his trusted secretary .
Since announcing his retirement in May , Lowder and his wife have left his hometown of Montgomery -- the state capital and the city in which Colonial had its headquarters -- and moved full - time to Auburn , a quaint but fast - growing town of 56,000 people .
From there he will presumably spend a good amount of time working on his legal defense .
There is a lot to sort through .
At the heart of Colonial 's legal troubles is the bank 's attempt to participate in the TARP program .
Colonial announced last October that it had applied for a bailout .
And on Dec. 2 the bank said that it had obtained preliminary approval to receive $ 550 million from the Treasury , subject to certain conditions , which it did n't specify .
Its stock , trading at $ 2 at the time , jumped 54 % that day .
When Colonial announced its fourth - quarter earnings on Jan. 27 , however , Lowder and his executive team revealed that Colonial would receive the TARP money only if it could raise $ 300 million in private capital from another source -- roughly double the amount of its equity at the time .
Angry about the belated disclosure and sensing the unlikelihood of that scenario , investors dumped the stock in droves .
And the class - action lawyers started to circle .
At the end of March , hours before a deadline set by regulators to boost its capital and stay eligible for TARP , Colonial announced that it had reached an agreement under which Taylor Bean & Whitaker , an Ocala , Fla. , mortgage lender , would inject the $ 300 million Colonial needed .
In exchange , TB&W , a major Colonial customer founded by a burly college dropout named Lee Farkas , would get 75 % of Colonial 's common equity .
Regulators never approved the agreement .
It was abandoned on July 31 .
On the same early August day that federal investigators raided Colonial 's Orlando office , they also executed a search warrant at TB&W , which shut down and declared bankruptcy later that month .
Federal investigators are tightlipped , but they appear to be focusing on Colonial 's warehouse - lending business .
Warehouse lending involves extending short - term lines of credit to mortgage brokers so that they in turn can make individual loans , which are then sold , packaged , and securitized .
Over the past decade Colonial had become the biggest warehouse lender in the country .
Warehouse lending allowed Colonial to rake in generous fees for keeping loans on its books for a short time .
But it required immense amounts of paperwork to track the underlying loans .
And that paper trail could be crucial evidence for investigators .
" What they 're looking for is whether or not Colonial was way undercapitalized before they submitted the TARP application , and as a consequence was the balance sheet fraudulent , " says Tony Plath , a banking professor at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte and an industry consultant .
" That 's one issue : Did they write down their loan book fast enough ?
And then No. 2 , Did they take proper collateral with the loan positions they had outstanding to brokers ?
And I 'm guessing they did n't . "
If investigators conclude that there was willful deception , they could bring criminal charges .
" And then they will strip Bobby Lowder of his cars and his houses and his football tickets at Auburn , " says Plath .
" And it wo n't matter anymore that he 's got political connections in Alabama or that his daddy was a big shot . "
In the shadow of Daddy
Most boys grow up admiring their fathers .
Bobby Lowder had to follow a living legend .
The story of Ed Lowder 's rise from southern Alabama country boy to captain of industry reads like a chapter from " The Greatest Generation . "
After getting a degree in agriculture , he worked as a county extension agent before serving as an artillery commander in the Battle of the Bulge during World War II .
When he returned to Alabama in 1946 , he was asked to help start and run an insurance company for the Alabama Farm Bureau .
Under Ed Lowder 's leadership , the company , known today as Alfa Insurance and based in Montgomery , grew into one of the largest insurers in the South .
Ed Lowder made his name in the insurance business , but he built a family dynasty in real estate .
In the mid-1950s he started buying and selling houses on weekends .
Then he got into homebuilding and commercial land development , and acquired a mortgage - lending company that he renamed Colonial .
There was never any doubt that Ed's three sons were going to follow their hard - driving father into business .
Bobby , the oldest , was a quiet , intense student but not particularly popular .
" Ed had a big presence , " remembers Boyd Christenberry , who worked for the senior Lowder for 25 years .
" Bobby , he never was too eat up with a warm , attracting personality . "
He was a scrawny backup center for two years on the football team at Sidney Lanier High School , where Bart Starr had played just a few years earlier , but he stood out more for his grit than his talent .
" Bobby was real competitive , " says Billy Livings , one of his coaches .
" He got that from his daddy . "
Also like his father , Bobby went to Auburn and spent a few years in the Army .
In 1966 he returned to Montgomery and began running Colonial Mortgage .
In the early 1970s Bobby and his younger twin brothers , Tommy and Jimmy , bought the Colonial company from their father and started investing in banks .
Eventually they divided the real estate empire into three parts : owning property , building , and lending .
" To keep us from killing each other , we needed to be in charge of different things -- is that a good way of saying that ? " said Jimmy in an interview in 2004 .
Today Tommy runs Colonial Properties Trust ( CLP ) , a Birmingham real estate investment trust that trades on the New York Stock Exchange with a market value of $ 700 million .
Jimmy runs the Colonial Co. , a private builder based in Montgomery .
Bobby , of course , became the banker .
In 1981 , Lowder created Colonial Bank by acquiring a failed institution called the Southland Bancorp .
From the beginning , his strategy was to build his deposit base by snapping up community banks around the state and using the capital to make real estate loans .
After the Riegle - Neal
Act of 1994 gave banks greater freedom to operate across state lines , he set his sights on faster - growing markets , such as central Florida .
He established Colonial Bancgroup as a holding company to own Colonial Bank 's different operations and took the company public with a listing on the NYSE in 1995 .
Though its headquarters remained in Montgomery , beginning in the late 1990s Colonial became essentially a Florida lender .
In 1996 , when Lowder first entered the market with the purchase of the $ 230 million Southern Banking Corp. , Colonial had $ 4.9 billion in assets .
By 2002 , after a half - dozen more acquisitions in the Sunshine State , the bank 's assets had grown to $ 15.8 billion , and 44 % were in Florida .
By 2008 about 53 % of its loan portfolio and 62 % of its $ 26 billion in assets were in the state .
Lowder 's management style , insiders say , was bound to create problems as the bank grew bigger .
He insisted on being in complete control .
He stacked his board with high - profile allies such as former Auburn football coach Pat Dye and Montgomery pastor John Ed Mathison , or recruited businessmen he knew through Auburn ties .
" I thought he was a good guy , always looking out for the shareholders , " says one former executive who left within the past two years .
" He just had a very difficult time giving people authority .
When an organization is $ 3 billion , you can do that ; when it's $ 26 billion , you can 't . "
The problem was exacerbated by Lowder 's fickle nature , some former colleagues say .
" He either loves you or hates you -- there is absolutely no in - between , " says a onetime member of his inner circle .
" And everyone who got into a role where they worked with him closely knew that one day he would probably turn on them . "
Consider the Biscuits story .
In 2004 , Montgomery got a new minor - league baseball team called the Biscuits .
A Colonial marketing executive bought a few season tickets to use with clients .
A few days later , while on a business trip , he got a call from his boss .
She asked whether he'd bought Biscuits tickets , and when he said yes , she told him to return to Montgomery .
" Will I have a job when I get there ? " he asked .
" No , " was the response .
Mr. Lowder , he was told later , did n't like the Biscuits .
The football fanatic
One thing that no one disputes about Lowder -- friend or foe -- is his passion for Auburn .
In 1995 , when then - Gov. Fob James tried to replace Lowder on the Auburn board , he refused to leave .
Lowder fought James in court and enlisted fellow trustee and political ally Lowell Barron , a state senator , to prevent a vote on a nominee to replace him .
Meanwhile , he threw his support and his money behind Lt. Gov. Don Siegelman , James 's opponent in the next gubernatorial election .
Siegelman defeated James .
In 1999 , he reappointed Lowder to another 12 - year term and , some prominent Auburn alumni say , agreed to let Lowder vet new appointees .
Siegelman says he admired Lowder 's service to Auburn and denies that Lowder had input on other picks .
Lowder had no problem mixing Colonial business with Auburn business .
When the alumni association launched its first branded credit card in the mid-1980s , Colonial was awarded the contract .
Over the years Lowder has installed a few of his fellow trustees on the Colonial board , and others have had business relationships with his bank .
" People always talk about the millions he 's given to Auburn , " says Paul Davis , a local newspaperman who 's been writing columns critical of Lowder for two decades .
" I always say , What about the millions he 's made off of Auburn ? "
And , critics say , Lowder used his sway to settle scores .
For years , Lowder 's most vocal opponent on the board of trustees was a lawyer named John Denson .
Denson had a particular interest in Auburn 's Ph.D. program in economics , which had a free - market bent and attracted graduate students from around the world .
When the board conducted a university - wide review of academic programs in 1999 the Ph.D. program was eliminated despite its robust health .
During the same review , the journalism department , which Lowder had publicly blamed for pushing the school newspaper to write negative stories about him , was folded into the communications school .
" I 've never met anybody like that before , " says Denson , who is now a judge in the Auburn area .
" Lowder plans long range .
He plots .
It 's not a flare of temper .
It 's a calculated plan of control . "
Denson has particular reason to view Lowder in such a negative light : Lowder once allegedly threatened to have him killed .
In a 2006 lawsuit involving Auburn trustees that was to have appeared before Denson , Auburn 's former athletic director submitted an affidavit saying that Denson had told him that Lowder had once said to him , " John , I can have you killed with no problem at all . "
Denson recused himself from hearing the case and says now he can't comment because it is a judicial matter .
In 2001 former Sun Microsystems president Owen Brown , like Lowder a 1964 graduate of Auburn , withdrew a $ 2 million pledge to the school to protest Lowder 's meddling .
" I do n't think Bobby knows how to debate something logically , " says Brown .
" He 's either in control or he 's down your throat . "
Not surprisingly given that it 's Alabama -- where , as they say , " college football is n't life or death ; it 's more important than that " --
Lowder 's most high - profile clashes have involved the football program .
( It might be a good juncture for the writer to offer , as full disclosure , that I am a graduate of the University of Alabama .
On learning that , certain Auburn readers will give this story no credibility . )
From the time he joined the board of trustees , Lowder has shown a special interest in day - to - day operations , chairing an athletics committee of the board that met in private and , insiders say , calling coaches directly to mandate changes .
And he has shown that he runs out of patience with football coaches just as he does with bank executives .
In 1998 Terry Bowden resigned as football coach with five games remaining in the season , despite a 47 - 17 - 1 overall record , after he was given the message that Lowder wanted him gone .
Lowder denied any involvement .
There was an outcry among alumni and students , but soon Bowden 's replacement , Tommy Tuberville , was winning and the controversy subsided .
A few years after his resignation , however , Bowden gave an interview to local reporter Davis alleging that Lowder had organized a program in which wealthy alumni contributed cash to a slush fund to pay players to sign with Auburn .
Several people with knowledge of the system and Lowder 's role in it told Fortune that Bowden was telling the truth and that they had seen a book with a list of the slush - fund donors .
Again , Lowder would not comment for this story , and we could find no record that he had addressed this question in the past .
Lowder 's next showdown over football -- what became known as Jetgate -- attracted even more national attention .
When Auburn failed to live up to expectations in 2003 , Lowder apparently got fed up with Tuberville .
That November he dispatched the university 's interim president , its athletic director , and two fellow trustees to Louisville to try to hire away its coach , Bobby Petrino , a former Auburn assistant .
The news leaked , and the groundswell of support for Tuberville forced Auburn to not only keep him but also extend his contract .
The president and the athletic director left their jobs in the aftermath of the incident .
Lowder denied any involvement , despite the fact that the contingent had traveled on his private jet .
Last year , after a losing season , Tuberville was forced out .
" It was only a matter of time , " says one former athletics department insider .
" Lowder was going to get him eventually . "
Lowder 's high - profile role in athletics and his clashes with faculty eventually attracted attention from the school 's accrediting organization .
In December 2003 , shortly after Jetgate , the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools put the university on probation and specifically named Lowder in a report citing micromanaging by trustees .
The outcry has empowered others to push back against Lowder .
Alabama 's current governor , Bob Riley , has installed some new trustees -- such as former Vodafone chairman Sam Ginn and Birmingham investor Raymond Harbert -- who are strong , independent voices and not beholden to Lowder .
" I was kind of a supporter of Lowder until I saw him up close , " says Andy Hornsby , 65 , an Auburn alum , former state official , and onetime director of the U.S. Food Stamp program , who has clashed with Lowder .
" I think I 'm like a lot of Auburn folks who 've been waiting until the day that scoundrel stops holding our university hostage . "
Into the storm
Even after the real estate bubble in Florida began to burst , Lowder expressed confidence that Colonial was n't going to have major problems .
" I think our credit quality remains excellent , " he said during a conference call to discuss Colonial 's second - quarter earnings in July 2007 .
He added , " Real estate goes through cycles , and that 's what we are experiencing now .
What you should be comfortable with about Colonial Bank is our ability to manage ... through these cycles as we have done successfully in the past . "
By July 2008 , however , as the storm clouds gathered in the credit markets , Lowder apparently realized that some sort of dramatic action was needed .
So he created a war room :
On the 25th floor of Colonial 's Tampa office , a team of bankers commandeered a conference room and four adjacent offices to store documents relating to what Lowder said were 42 bad credits on Colonial 's books .
A parade of potential buyers for the underlying properties came in to review them .
Lowder started repeating a speech to investors , employees , and regional bank directors alike .
" He would pull out this piece of paper , " says a banker who worked closely with Lowder during this time , " and say , ' Here are our bad loans .
They 're all right here .
It 's $ 325 million of notes , and we 're working through it right now .
Our family has been in homebuilding for 50 years , and we know how to do this .
We just have to get the stuff on this piece of paper fixed and it's over , and we 'll move on . ' "
As more loans started to go bad , people inside Colonial would joke , " Does Lowder know his piece of paper is getting bigger ? "
Lowder 's credibility was not helped by the fact that he was viewed by many in the industry as shopping regulators .
In 2003 Colonial switched its charter from the Alabama Banking Department to the federal Office of the Comptroller of the Currency .
According to sources inside and outside Colonial , Lowder did n't like the fact that the examiners were pushing him to decrease his exposure to real estate and increase his capital reserves .
In June 2008 Colonial switched back to state supervision , saying that it wanted to save money on fees .
" He always had a belligerent attitude toward regulators , " says a former Colonial executive in Florida .
" And when he switched the charter again in 2008 , that sent a bomb up their butts . "
In his final months as CEO , Lowder scrambled to pull Colonial out of its death spiral .
In meetings he projected confidence that a solution would be worked out .
And he held on to all of his Colonial stock , something his lawyers are eager to point out .
The day after the trustees meeting , Auburn hosted the not - so - mighty Ball State Cardinals .
A few minutes before kickoff , Lowder showed up at the stadium with his grandchildren and chatted politely with the staff before taking an elevator to the luxury suite he still owns near the president 's box .
At kickoff , a steady rain was falling .
Near the south end - zone scoreboard in the stadium , the Colonial ad that had once stood side by side with an Alfa billboard had been replaced by one for BB&T .
After a slow start , the Tigers began to rack up points on their way to an easy 54 - 30 victory .
Cheers of " War Eagle ! " rang through the night .
And Auburn 's most notorious supporter watched from high above , still secure in his role at Auburn .
Section 60 of the Alabama constitution provides that " no person convicted of ... infamous crime , shall be ... capable of holding any office of trust ... "
For now , that 's not him .
Reporter associates Doris Burke and Beth Kowitt contributed to this article .
we ’re working with FareShare to feed those in need find out more
Iranians who took to the streets this summer to protest electoral fraud failed to win a new election .
But they nevertheless returned concerns about the Islamic republic 's human rights record to the international stage .
On June 20 , U.S. President Barack Obama declared : " The Iranian government must understand that the world is watching .
We mourn each and every innocent life that is lost .
We call on the Iranian government to stop all violent and unjust actions against its own people .
The universal rights to assembly and free speech must be respected , and the United States stands with all who seek to exercise those rights . "
Today , the debates sparked by the summer unrest remain fierce .
Inside Iran , politicians call for an investigation into torture and murder at the Kahrizak detention center .
Meanwhile , within the Iranian parliament , President Mahmud Ahmadinejad 's supporters call for new prosecutions of alleged " velvet revolution " plotters .
Outside the Islamic republic , the debate is just as strong -- as officials in the United States and Europe struggle with the balance between engagement on nuclear proliferation and a desire not to legitimize the worst human rights offenders .
At an October 5 forum at George Washington University , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton tackled the issue directly , explaining that the Obama administration did not see the issue as an " either / or " proposition .
" Human rights [ are ] at the core of who we are as Americans .
We hope for all people the rights that we enjoy here , " Clinton said .
" But at the same time , just as no American president walked away from summits with the Russian presidents working to try to achieve the goals that you could possibly find common ground on , that 's what we 're doing with the Iranians . "
Efforts to achieve such balance are not new .
It was a desire for balance which underpinned Europe 's " Critical Dialogue " in the 1990s .
Concluding its December 1992 meeting , the European Council declared : " Dialogue should be maintained with the Iranian government .
This should be a critical dialogue which reflects concern about Iranian behavior and calls for improvement in a number of areas , particularly human rights , the death sentence pronounced by a fatwa of Ayatollah Khomeini against the author Salman Rushdie , which is contrary to international law , and terrorism . "
" Improvement in these areas will be important in determining the extent to which closer relations and confidence can be developed , " the council continued .
The evolution of the Critical Dialogue can be instructive .
As engagement developed , Iran 's application of the death penalty increased and efforts to lift the bounty on Rushdie faltered .
Between 2000 and 2005 – the height of the Dialogue of Civilizations – European Union trade with the Islamic republic almost tripled .
But during this period , according to the 2007 U.S. National Intelligence Estimate , Tehran researched nuclear warhead design and , as revealed last month , began construction of a secret uranium - enrichment facility .
Meanwhile , as many European countries ' commercial interests in Iran expanded , they became less willing to hold the Islamic republic to account for its human rights abuses .
Still , Clinton 's Soviet analogy is apt -- during the Cold War , every U.S. administration maintained dialogue with Moscow .
The history of U.S. dialogue with the Soviet Union , however , can also provide pointers for how Washington can engage an oppressive regime without ceding human rights advocacy .
At the height of the Cold War , successive administrations struggled with the balance between national security and desire to criticize human rights abuses .
Congress inserted itself into this debate with passage of the Jackson - Vanik amendment , signed into law by President Gerald Ford on January 3 , 1975 , which denied most - favored - nation status to countries that restricted emigration .
The U.S. foreign policy establishment was furious .
Secretary of State Henry Kissinger saw the amendment as an impediment to further detente .
But with the end of the Cold War , historians generally credit the amendment with stripping the Soviet Union of legitimacy and emboldening internal dissident .
The Helsinki Accords , finalized in the summer of 1975 , further intertwined human rights and traditional statecraft .
While hawkish critics lambasted the accords ' de facto recognition of the most abusive regimes , they also prioritized freedom of thought , conscience , religion , and belief .
The Helsinki Commission subsequently became a bully pulpit from which to measure states ' respect for human rights .
In 1981 , President Ronald Reagan entered office skeptical of his predecessors ' engagement with what he labeled " the Evil empire . "
It is an ironic , then , that he initiated unprecedented detente and disarmament , albeit only after overseeing a massive military buildup so that he could negotiate from a position of strength .
Efforts to balance engagement and human rights advocacy are nothing new .
Fortunately , history provides a window into a successful formula .
Policy makers may fear that human rights advocacy derails diplomacy but , in reality , moral clarity and strength catalyze diplomacy .
As Soviet dissident Andrei Sakharov explained , ' A country that does not respect the rights of its own people will not respect the rights of its neighbors . '
Forcing the Islamic Republic to be accountable to its people can catalyze diplomacy 's success .
Washington ( CNN ) --
The Virginia couple accused of crashing President Obama 's first White House state dinner on Tuesday are named in at least 16 different civil suits in Fauquier County , sometimes as plaintiffs , sometimes as defendants .
A trawl through court records on Thursday revealed a more complete picture of Tareq and Michaele Salahi , who have left an extensive paper trail in federal bankruptcy and state court filings .
The couple was spotted rubbing elbows with the likes of Vice President Joe Biden and Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel at Tuesday 's dinner , but the Secret Service says they were not invited .
A Secret Service checkpoint " did not follow proper procedures " to determine if the two were on the guest list , said Edwin M. Donovan , a Secret Service special agent , in a statement .
The incident represents a security breach for the White House at the Obama administration 's biggest social event to date .
More than 300 guests , including Cabinet members , diplomats and Hollywood celebrities , attended the dinner in honor of visiting Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh .
The couple did not respond to CNN requests for comment Thursday .
" At this time the Salahis will not make any formal comments regarding the rumors and media speculation surrounding the White House state dinner , " their publicist , Mahogany Jones , said in a statement .
" Their counsel , Paul W. Gardner Esq. , states emphatically that the Salahis ' did not ' crash ' this event .
We look forward to setting the record straight very soon . "
Asked for comment on the Salahi 's legal difficulties , Jones said in an e-mail , " We will begin doing press and media next week providing exclusive interviews and press junkets .
If you would like to be considered in our media circuit we request that you hold your proposed published profile until then . "
A page on Facebook , apparently maintained jointly by the Salahis , paints them as high rollers , listing their interests as polo , wine , and diplomatic relations , among others .
A separate Facebook fan page dedicated to Michaele that appears to be run by her says , " I was honored to be invited to attend the First State Dinner hosted by President Obama & the First Lady to honor India . "
The page in her name is full of pictures showing her at social events around Washington .
But the two also spend quite a bit of time in court , records show .
One of the lawsuits against the Salahis was filed by Robb Levin of Fairfax , Virginia , who held his wedding at the Oasis Winery in August 2005 .
" I have a judgment against them , " he said by phone on Thursday .
" The settlement was for $ 15,000 , plus interest from June 2008 .
They have n't paid a penny . "
Levin contracted with the winery to provide vendors , such as florists and catering , for the event .
But , he said , he discovered the winery was adding a " significant profit " to what the vendors were charging them .
" Vendors told me what they were charging .
They were charging me two or three times as much , " he said .
When he tried to use his own vendors , he said , he was fined $ 1,000 .
After he signed a contract to hold his wedding there , " They were very , very , very hard to get a hold of , " he said .
" I remember [ the contract ] being very short and it just said to hold the date .
When I went back , I found it said they could charge my credit card at will .
At the time I signed it I do n't remember all those pages being there .
I do n't remember a whole 8 - or 12 - page document , " Levin said .
" There were thousands of dollars charged to my card with no explanation . "
He fought with the Salahis , dealing mostly with Michaele , throughout the run-up to his nuptials , he said .
" They wanted more money and I was n't releasing it , " he said .
" They threatened me with lawyers .
They threatened to cancel the wedding . "
In the end , Levin said , he paid up to make sure the wedding went ahead , then sued the Salahis afterward to get his money back .
Tareq and Michaele , meanwhile , were engaged in a long court battle with his parents over the winery .
Court records show Tareq sued his mother , Corinne , and the case was dismissed .
Corinne sued Tareq and the case went to trial .
The outcome is not clear from a Virginia courts Web site .
Tareq and Michaele won control of the winery in 2007 , but it has run into debt since then .
Oasis Winery filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy in February , according to U.S. Bankruptcy Court records in the Eastern District of Virginia .
Tareq Salahi is listed as company president in the filing .
Creditors listed include the IRS , Fauquier County , the state of Virginia , several banks and American Express Corp. , among others .
The company claims about $ 335,000 in assets and $ 965,000 in liabilities .
Among the debts listed are more than $ 60,000 in credit card debt and an " unknown " amount in federal back taxes .
" Debtor has not filed corporate taxes since tax year 2006 , " the filing says .
" Has always previously had business loss , with refund flowing to shareholders . "
Also listed is a $ 65 parking ticket in Montgomery County , Maryland , nearly $ 3,000 in gasoline purchases to Exxon - Mobil and more than $ 95,000 in legal fees .
According to the February filing , Oasis made $ 1.7 million in 2007 but only $ 35,000 in 2008 .
The filing lists two pending lawsuits against Oasis , one for more than $ 300,000 for " catering services " and one judgment against the company .
Under " repossessions , " the filing lists a 2004 Aston Martin , which it estimates was worth $ 150,000 when it was repossessed in October 2008 .
Some $ 85,000 was still owed , according to the filing .
In addition , a boat valued at $ 90,000 was repossessed in June 2008 , with $ 56,000 still owed , according to court documents .
The company also had closed a checking account , $ 3,800 in the red , about a year before the filing .
Oasis owes $ 224,000 " for rental of FedEx Redskins Suite and related hospitality services , " according to court documents .
The Chapter 7 filing , under which a debtor 's assets are sold to pay creditors , followed an apparent effort to save the winery earlier .
The business had filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in December 2008 , with Salahi 's mother , Corinne , listing herself as president .
A Chapter 11 bankruptcy is referred to as a " reorganization " bankruptcy , according to the federal judiciary 's Web site .
In addition to federal bankruptcy , Tareq and Michaele may now face criminal charges .
The incident represents a security breach for the White House at the Obama administration 's biggest social event to date .
More than 300 guests , including Cabinet members , diplomats and Hollywood celebrities , attended the dinner .
If they lied to federal agents in order to get into the White House dinner , that is a federal crime , said Fran Townsend , CNN national security contributor .
The agents tasked with protecting the president " did not follow proper procedures , " Secret Service agent Edwin Donovan said in a statement , but said the gatecrashers went through metal detectors " and other levels of security . "
The Salahis are aspiring reality - TV stars who hoped to land roles in the forthcoming show , " The Real Housewives of D.C. , " by the Bravo cable network , The Washington Post reported .
In a statement Thursday , Bravo said , " Michaele Salahi is under consideration as a cast member , as such [ series producer ]
Half Yard Productions were filming the Salahis on that day .
Half Yard was only aware that per the Salahis they had been invited [ to the state dinner ] as guests . "
Video of the dinner showed the couple walking past journalists into the event .
The couple also appears to have posted pictures on Facebook purportedly showing them gaining access to high profile events during inauguration week , according to The Washington Post 's Reliable Sources gossip column .
Pictures on the couple 's joint Facebook account appear to show them in the first family 's glass - enclosed viewing area after a concert at the Lincoln Memorial , according to the Post .
" Tareq & Michaele were honored to be invited to President Obama 's private viewing box at the Lincoln Memorial , " the Facebook posting from inauguration weekend reportedly reads .
" Naturally this picture was taken after his departure . "
Other pictures purportedly show them mingling with celebrities during inauguration weekend , including talk show host Oprah Winfrey at the Kennedy Center , according to the Post .
CNN 's Richard Allen Greene , Shannan Butler and Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .
Do ya think ?
Not only did Anita Dunn take a really strong stand for President Obama over the Roger Ailes run FOX Noise Propaganda Network , she also called out the conservative - teabagger movement in its entirety .
Dunn :
A week ago many conservative commentators had been rejoicing in the fact , celebrating in the fact that the United States did n't get the Olympics , one week later they seem to be somewhat bitter at the fact that an American President was awarded the Nobel peace prize .
So I think people will draw their own conclusions abut the reflexive negativity on the part of some commentators regardless of what happens ...
Dunn held back no punches and stated fact .
That 's nice to see .
Howard Kurtz was pretty comical with his questions , but he was trying to provide some pushback , I guess .
KURTZ : You were quoted this week in Time Magazine as saying of Fox News , it 's opinion journalism masquerading as news .
What do you mean , " masquerading " ?
See what I mean ?
But he did have to ask that .
DUNN : Well , you know , Howie , I think if we went back a year ago to the fall of 2008 , to the campaign , that , you know , it was a time that this country was in two wars , that we'd had a financial collapse probably more significant than any financial collapse since the Great Depression .
If you were a Fox News viewer in the fall election , what you would have seen would have been that the biggest story , the biggest threats facing America were a guy named Bill Ayers and something called Acorn , when the reality of it is that Fox News often operates almost as either the research arm or the communications arm of the Republican Party .
Yep , that sums up FOX Noise .
Then she delivered the knockout punch .
Think Progress writes :
Last month , President Obama appeared on five Sunday morning talk shows , including Univision ’s Al Punto .
He rejected Fox , however .
Dunn revealed this morning that Obama did not appear on Fox because of its reflexive , partisan opposition to Obama .
Obama will go on Fox in the future , Dunn said , but when he goes on , “ he ’s going on to debate the opposition . ”
And then after Kurtz asked her if the president would go on FOX ever again , she said this too :
Dunn :
That when he goes on FOX , he understands he's not going on , it really is n't a news network at this point , he 's going to debate the opposition and that 's fine .
The opposition , I loved that .
Howard asked someone from FOX to appear on Reliable Sources , but they refused and instead issued their usual statement .
They 'd rather have BillO speak to his audience than have anybody debate the facts -- especially , of course , on another network .
FOX gives their usual argument that while they do have news , people really rely on their opinion programs .
That 's stunning really .
MSNBC has their lefty hosts too , but during the day , you 'll hear all the news and not MSNBC 's opinion version of the news .
Kurtz did his best to find a few reporters that he thought were n't corrupted by Ailes so he mentioned Major Garrett .
Do you think he 's fair ... Please say he 's fair ... Oh please oh please oh please .
And Anita then calmly explained why they did n't go on Chris Wallace .
Good for her .
And I told Major quite honestly that we had told Chris Wallace that having fact - checked an administration guest on his show -- something I 've never seen a Sunday show do .
And , Howie , you can show me examples of where Sunday shows have fact - checked previous weeks ' guests , and I 'd be happy to see those .
We asked Chris , for an example , where he had done that to anybody besides somebody from the administration in the year 2009 .
And we 're still waiting to hear from him .
She did n't stop there .
Dunn : Let 's be realistic here , Howie .
They are widely viewed as , you know , a part of the Republican Party .
Take their talking points , put them on the air .
Take their opposition research , put them on the air , and that ’s fine .
But let ’s not pretend they ’re a news network they way CNN is .
Kurtz did his best to try and get her to differentiate between the Beck 's show and their little news nuggets , and she would n't back down .
Where 's the John Ensign coverage ?
she asks Howie .
Hmmm , you wo n't see it much -- if at all -- on FOX .
And that 's only one example out of thousands .
Welcome to Extrafootie.co.uk – a football blog featuring football news , transfers , results , opinions and more .
If you want to get in touch for any reason , please use the contact form .
Check our partner Soccer24 for Live Soccer Scores .
There 's nothing tidy about sticking your arm deep into a cow 's backside , getting up to your elbows in warm and gooey bovine innards .
But for new vet students , there 's no avoiding the procedure :
To diagnose pregnancy or check for infection , you 've got to reach into a cow 's rectum and feel for the uterus , ovaries and stomach .
Unfortunately , proper palpation is a tough skill to teach , because once your arm is buried inside a cow butt , no one can see what you 're doing .
That 's why veterinarian and computer scientist Sarah Baillie has created the " Haptic Cow , " a virtual , touch - feedback device that mimics the feeling of real bovine anatomy , placed inside a fiberglass model of a cow 's rear end .
" With this technology , students can feel something that feels like the inside of a real cow , but I or another instructor can be following their movements on a monitor , " said Baillie , who teaches at the Royal Veterinary College in London .
" This means we can say , ' Come back a bit or go left a bit . '
It actually means you can direct them . "
Not only can professors follow a student 's exact movements and critique the technique , but they can also keep track of how much force is being applied .
If a fledgling vet gets too rough and exceeds the number of Newtons considered safe by experienced vets , virtual Bessie will belt out a cautionary " Moo-oo ! "
Baillie first came up with the idea for the virtual cow several years ago , after an injury forced her to leave veterinary practice and retrain in computer science .
She 'd spent years trying to teach students how to palpate cows on the farm , so when she learned about touch - feedback technology that could simulate the feel of human anatomy , she recognized a perfect opportunity to blend her two careers .
" It took me a long time to get it right , " Baillie said .
" It would be no underestimate to say that the code that creates the feel has been iterated on hundreds of times .
But when I got it right , I knew it was right , because I 've actually felt the inside of a cow many , many times . "
The current model of the Haptic Cow uses a touch feedback device from SensAble Technologies , hooked up to a computer that 's programmed to deliver just the right amount of force in response to a student 's touch .
Instructors can set up different scenarios to help students learn the difference between the soft sensation of a healthy pregnant uterus and the firmer , doughier feel of an infected animal .
The virtual cow has been incredibly successful , and it's now being used by four of the seven veterinary colleges in the United Kingdom .
Baillie was recently named " Most Innovative Teacher of the Year " in the U.K. by the 2009 Times Higher Education Awards , and the organization called her project " possibly the most significant innovation in veterinary education in the past 50 years . "
But Baillie 's not yet content — in addition to trying to commercialize her cow for use in the United States and Canada , she 's also working on a Haptic Horse and a Haptic Cat .
" It ’s particularly good for cats , " she said , " as they have a certain limit to their tolerance . "
Image : A vet student practices on the Haptic Cow , while Sarah Baillie and a real cow look on .
Courtesy of Sarah Baillie / Royal Veterinary College .
See Also :
Follow us on Twitter @wiredscience , and on Facebook .
Last week the Minnesota Supreme Court ruled that bong water is an illegal drug .
Under state law , a controlled substance includes any " mixture " containing that substance , " regardless of purity . "
The consequences of reading that definition literally can be severe .
In the case before the court , a woman whose bong contained 37 grams of water with traces of methamphetamine will now be treated as if she possessed 37 grams of speed , which converts possession of drug paraphernalia , a petty misdemeanor punishable by a $ 300 fine , into a a first - degree drug offense , punishable by seven or more years in prison .
Three dissenting justices wrote that the majority 's interpretation of the statute " misapplies the plain - meaning rule …runs counter to the legislative structure of our drug laws , does not make common sense , and borders on the absurd . "
This sort of absurdity has a long pedigree .
Back in 1993 , I wrote a piece for Reason in which I highlighted the ridiculously unjust results of including the " carrier medium " for LSD ( typically blotter paper ) in calculating the drug 's weight for sentencing purposes :
Under federal sentencing guidelines , selling 100 doses of LSD in pure form triggers a minimum sentence of less than a year , but selling the same amount on paper will get you a sentence of at least two years , three months .
And if you were old - fashioned enough to drop your acid onto sugar cubes , you will end up behind bars for no less than 15 years , eight months .
Like the Minnesota ruling , this interpretation of the law elicited amazed dissents .
" All this seems crazy , " the 7th Circuit 's Richard Posner wrote in 1990 .
" To base punishment on the weight of the carrier medium makes about as much sense as basing punishment on the weight of the defendant . "
The arbitrary , incomplete fix that the U.S. Sentencing Commission devised for that problem — counting each dose in a carrier medium as 0.4 milligram to avoid " unwarranted disparity among offenses involving the same quantity of actual LSD " — is still in force , to judge by this 2006 sentencing manual ( PDF ) .
Many states also include " mixtures " in their definitions of illegal drugs ; the earliest example I found was New York in 1969 .
Rereading that 1993 article , I was also struck by the discussion of the disparity in sentences between crack and cocaine powder :
Julie Stewart , president of Families Against Mandatory Minimums , says the Sentencing Commission 's proposed LSD amendment will probably take the pressure off Congress .
Especially if the change is retroactive , the families of LSD defendants will be less noisy , and judges will find the sentences they 're forced to impose less disturbing .
Stewart is more optimistic about the possibility of a legislative solution for crack offenders .
Federal law treats crack cocaine as if it were 100 times worse than the powdered form of the drug , cocaine hydrochloride .
Thus 500 grams of crack triggers the same penalty as 50 kilograms of cocaine hydrochloride .
A first - time offender with 20 grams of cocaine hydrochloride faces a minimum sentence of 10 months , while a first - time offender with 20 grams of crack faces a minimum of six years , six months .
As I noted a couple weeks ago , it looks like the remedy that Stewart was optimistic about 16 years ago is finally coming to pass .
iiNet CEO Michael Malone has emerged " more confident " of his company 's position and the strength of its defence after almost five weeks of hearings in the copyright case against the film industry
In a video interview with iTnews after the case closed , Malone said he was happy to be able to be getting " back into the real job " , which he said was " running the business and taking care of customers , releasing some new plans and focusing on what we do best " .
He also described his three days in the witness box as " an experience " as he'd never been in one before and " did n't know the rules " .
" It kind of puts you in an odd position where the Attorney of course has all the cards , " he said .
The case was adjourned yesterday .
You can follow the case in - full here .
For a background on the case , click here .
Mind you , the appeals of atheism as a diverting pastime are not immediately obvious to those of us who are on relatively easy terms with God .
Why would anyone get so excited about the misconceptions of third parties as to the existence of a fourth party in which they themselves do not believe ?
The answer is twofold .
First , the great advantage of designer atheism is that you get to think of yourself as immensely clever .
After all , you are at least much brighter than all those dumb-asses who believe in a supreme being , such as Sister Perpetua down the road , Thomas Aquinas , Isaac Newton and Dietrich Bonhoeffer .
So satisfying .
The second factor has to do with wit .
For some reason , contemporary Australian atheism seems to consider itself terribly funny .
Its proponents only have to wheel out one of the age - old religious libels to lose control of their bladders .
To outsiders , of course , it is a bit like watching a giggling incontinent drunk at a party .
This is not to say that believers - and perhaps especially Catholics - do not get seriously irritated by atheists .
They do , but not because atheists are fearfully clever or Wildely funny .
Frankly , the prime reason the average believer finds the common or garden atheist as appealing as a holiday in Birchip is because they consign them to that sorry category of individuals who spend their lives loudly congratulating themselves on their own intelligence without noticing that no one else is joining the chorus .
Thus , as a Catholic , I do not normally sense in some tabloid atheist the presence of a supreme discerning intellect .
I simply place him or her in much the same pitiable bin of intellectual vulgarians as the chartered accountant who cannot see the art in Picasso , the redneck who cannot admit of indigenous culture , and the pissant who cannot see the difference between Yeats and Bob Ellis .
It is not deep perception we encounter here , but a critical failure of imaginative capacity .
It is a bit like the old joke : how many atheists does it take to screw in a lightbulb ?
None - no matter what they do , they just can't see the light .
( Newser ) – Wisconsin college student Adam Bauer should represent a cautionary tale for Facebook users under 21 , or otherwise on the wrong side of the law : be careful what you post , and whom you friend .
Shortly after accepting a request from an unfamiliar , “ good - looking girl , ” Bauer was invited to the local police station — where a cop laid out pictures of him and friends enjoying beers , and charged him with underage drinking .
“ I just ca n’t believe it .
I feel like I ’m in a science - fiction movie , like they are always watching .
When does it end ? ” Bauer told the LaCrosse Tribune .
Added another student busted for boozy photos someone else posted : “ I feel like it is a breach of privacy .
You feel like you should be able to trust cops . ”
( Read more Facebook stories . )
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
October 23 , 2009
Earlier in the week , Chris Matthews attempted to portray Stewart Rhodes of the Oath Keepers as a paranoid conspiracy nut for suggesting the presence of foreign troops in the United States .
France ’s RAID or Les Hommes en Noir — the Men in Black , appropriate for a militarized police unit .
Matthews , as a supposed news anchor , should read the newswires instead of relying on his CIA Mockingbird script .
But then , of course , MSNBC is not interested in reporting the news .
On October 22 , two days after his disgraceful attack on the Oath Keepers , The Oakland Tribune reported on just that — foreign troops inside the United States .
“ Armed officers in full battle gear will be scattered throughout the Bay Area this weekend , rescuing hostages , fighting bank robbers and quelling terrorism at the Oakland Airport , Lawrence Livermore Laboratory , the NASA Ames Research Center and 22 other high profile sites , ” writes Sophia Kazmi .
“ For the first time in the three - year history of the Alameda County Sheriff ’s Department - sponsored exercise , there will be a foreign team of officers taking part and international observers .
An eight - member team representing the French National Police ’s Research , Assistance , Intervention , and Dissuasion unit will compete ” ( emphasis added ) .
French police are technically speaking not troops .
However , the French RAID unit — Recherche Assistance Intervention Dissuasion ( Research , Assistance , Intervention , Deterrence ) — is a militarized SWAT team that uses special forces techniques .
It is accused of triple tapping a mentally disturbed man who took school children hostage in 1993 .
RAID killed the man while he slept .
[ efoods ]
It is interesting to note how terrorism is conflated with bank robbery in the article .
It ’s part of a federal effort to characterize all crime — from marijuana possession to bank robbery — as terrorism .
“ There will be the sound of gunfire and blasts — all part of Urban Shield , one of the biggest domestic terrorism drills in the country .
The $ 1 million , two - day event begins Saturday and will test the training of 27 crack teams from throughout the state , elsewhere in the country and the world , ” the Tribune article reports .
Urban Shield is funded by the Department of Homeland Security and at least one large corporation — BAE , a death merchant based in Britain .
BAE stands accused of paying millions of dollars in bribes to secure contracts in Africa and Eastern Europe .
BAE ’s “ generous contributions ” to Urban Shield will get the residents of Alameda County acclimated to the “ sound of gunfire and blasts ” and the presence of militarized cops “ in full battle gear ” roaming the streets of the Bay Area this weekend .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
( CNN ) --
The Archdiocese of Dublin and other Catholic Church authorities in Ireland covered up clerical child abuse until the mid-1990s , according to a government - commissioned report released Thursday .
The Dublin Archdiocese Commission of Investigation 's 720 - page report said that it has " no doubt that clerical child sexual abuse was covered up " from January 1975 to May 2004 , the time covered by the report .
" The Dublin Archdiocese 's pre-occupations in dealing with cases of child sexual abuse , at least until the mid 1990s , were the maintenance of secrecy , the avoidance of scandal , the protection of the reputation of the Church , and the preservation of its assets , " the report said .
" The welfare of children , which should have been the first priority , was not even a factor to be considered in the early stages , " it said .
" Instead the focus was on the avoidance of scandal and the preservation of the good name , status and assets of the institution and of what the institution regarded as its most important members -- the priests . "
Archbishop Diarmuid Martin apologized Thursday in a news conference .
" No words of apology can ever be sufficient , " he said .
And Dermot Ahern , Ireland 's justice minister , said he felt a " a growing sense of revulsion and anger " as he read the report .
" Bottom line is this : A collar will protect no villain , " he said .
The commission was set up in March 2006 to look into allegations of child sexual abuse made against clergy in the Irish capital .
Its report was completed in July .
Although the commission said it was not its place to " establish whether or not abuse occurred ... it is abundantly clear ... that child sexual abuse by clerics was widespread throughout the period . "
One victim , Marie Collins , said those who covered up the abuse were just as guilty as the perpetrators of the crimes .
" How many people accused of abuse are still sitting in parishes today ? " she asked in a Thursday news conference .
The commission examined the histories of 46 priests , who were picked as a sample from 102 who had had complaints or suspicions of child abuse raised against them .
Complaints from more than 320 children were leveled against the 46 , the report said .
But it said that the number of children abused likely exceeded that .
" One priest admitted to sexually abusing over 100 children , while another accepted that he had abused on a fortnightly basis during the currency of his ministry which lasted for over 25 years , " the report said .
" The total number of documented complaints recorded against those two priests is only just over 70 . "
In its analysis of the 46 priests , the commission said that all four archbishops -- Archbishops John Charles McQuaid , Dermot Ryan , Kevin McNamara , and Desmond Connell -- who served during the time period covered by the report handled the child sexual abuse complaints " badly . "
" Not one of them reported his knowledge of child sexual abuse to the Gardai ( the Irish police force ) throughout the 1960s , 1970s , or 1980s , " the report said .
The commission did credit Connell , who took over the archdiocese in 1988 , with giving Irish authorities in 1995 the names of 17 priests against whom complaints had been made -- although it called the number incomplete , saying that there was " knowledge within the Archdiocese of at least 28 priests against whom there had been complaints . "
They said he was " slow to recognize the seriousness of the situation . "
Connell also gave authorities permission to access the archdiocesan files in 2002 .
Connell , a cardinal , apologized in a written statement .
" I wish to express without reservation my bitter regret that failures on my part contributed to the suffering of victims in any form , " he said .
" Although I am all too aware that such apologies and expressions of regret can never be adequate as a response to so much hurt and violation and , in any case , lose their value through repetition , I apologize again now from my heart and ask the forgiveness of those who have been so shamefully harmed . "
The report named 11 priests who had pleaded guilty to or were convicted of sexual assaults on children .
Of the other 35 , it gave pseudonyms to 33 of them and redacted the names of two .
The report shot down the notion that church leadership was unaware of the problem .
" The Archdiocese of Dublin and other Church authorities have repeatedly claimed to have been , prior to the late 1990s , ' on a learning curve ' in relation to the matter , " it said .
However , it said McNamara , Ryan and McQuaid had information on complaints against at least 17 priests when the Archdiocese took out insurance in 1987 to cover future compensation claims and lawsuits related to sexual abuse allegations .
" The taking out of insurance was an act proving knowledge of child sexual abuse as a potential major cost to the Archdiocese and is inconsistent with the view that Archdiocesan officials were still ' on a learning curve ' at a much later date , or were lacking in an appreciation of the phenomenon of clerical child sex abuse , " it said .
The report also said church officials perpetuated the problem by ignoring allegations and in some cases simply moved an alleged abuser on to another parish -- leaving him free to abuse another group of children .
Thursday 's findings follow a report that came out in May , detailing allegations of child abuse in various institutions across Ireland from the 1940s to the present .
Though both reports deal with child abuse , they are not related , having been written by two separate commissions investigating two different subjects .
The May report looked at child abuse in lay institutions , including reformatories , hospitals , orphanages , children 's homes and industrial schools across the country .
Some of those institutions were linked to religious orders , but none were strictly religious schools .
Speaking last month after the Irish High Court cleared the way for Thursday 's report to be made public , Irish Justice Minister Dermot Ahern said he was pleased the information would not be kept private .
" I have always made it clear that I have been anxious to put the report into the public domain as quickly as possible , while at the same time not wishing to do anything which would prejudice the chances of any of the people involved in these evil deeds being brought to justice , " Ahern said in a statement .
CNN 's Atika Shubert contributed to this report .
The tragedy happened on a military base in the west of Germany
Her body was found two hours later near the balloon , 40 miles ( 70 km ) away .
The freak accident happened when the girl became entangled in the mooring ropes of the balloon as it was taken by high winds .
It was about to be used for fun rides at a British military show at Rheindalen , near Moenchengladbach in western Germany .
British military spokeswoman Lt Col Helen Wildman said the plan was to lift people up and down with the balloon tethered to a rope on a hot , sunny day .
When the weather suddenly changed , high winds caught a large helium balloon that was tied to the ground .
The weather was very nice but suddenly it changed and it became extremely stormy
Lt Col Helen Wildman
She told BBC Radio 5 Live : " The weather was very nice but suddenly it changed and it became extremely stormy .
" The balloon broke away from the rope and flew away .
" Unfortunately , the rope got tangled with a five - year - old girl and dragged her away with the balloon .
" She was lifted in the air . "
Counselling
The balloon was recovered first and the girl 's body found nearby soon after .
Lt Col Wildman said nothing like this had ever happened before .
The parents , who are British service personnel , are being given psychological support .
The rest of the military show , which was to continue until Monday , has been cancelled .
Peterborough United appeared to have parted company with Darren Ferguson tonight , although the struggling Championship club refused to confirm or deny reports that their manager had been sacked .
Sir Alex Ferguson 's 37 - year - old son has been said to be " under pressure " at London Road for the past couple of weeks and it did not help that Saturday 's 3 - 1 defeat at Newcastle United saw Peterborough slump to the bottom of the table .
It is understood Ferguson was dismissed after meeting board members but neither Barry Fry , Peterborough 's director of football , or Bob Symms , the chief executive , was prepared to comment as they left the ground late in the afternoon .
One explanation for such silence could be a possible on - going legal wrangle over a pay - off as Ferguson only signed a new four - year contract this summer after guiding Peterborough into English football 's second tier .
Peter Taylor , the former England Under - 21 , Leicester and Hull manager who recently left Wycombe and is close to Fry , emerged as an early favourite to succeed Ferguson .
In the context of Ferguson 's achievement in leading the club to successive promotions in his two full seasons since taking over in January 2007 , dismissal now appears extremely harsh .
Very much his own man , Ferguson had , however , increasingly failed to see eye to eye with Darragh MacAnthony , the Peterborough chairman , and , privately , insiders claimed he could be " stubborn , wilful and unwilling to admit to mistakes " .
Ten days ago it was reported that the manager , whose side have taken 11 points from 16 games this season , had been summoned back from a coaching course to hold " emergency talks " with MacAnthony and Fry .
Although all parties concerned said no such summit had taken place , the denials were not be convincing .
Ferguson , who was assisted by Kevin Russell , leaves with his side a point adrift at the foot of the Championship but just four points removed from safety .
Whatever the strengths and weaknesses of the former Manchester United , Wolves , Wrexham and Peterborough midfielder , it appears extraordinary for MacAnthony to have wielded the axe following a defeat at St James ' Park .
After all , the 43,000 crowd Peterborough played in front of on Saturday was the biggest audience they had enjoyed since the club gained admission to the Football League in 1960 .
Moreover , Newcastle are arguably the Championship 's strongest side .
" Let 's be honest and say we were out - played , " said Ferguson on Saturday .
" But we were in League Two two years ago and were up against an ex-Premier League team who will probably be promoted as champions at the end of the season . "
By Susanne L. King , M.D .
Berkshire Eagle
09/04/2009
The disruptions at town meetings in August were not just the work of conservative hecklers and their corporate backers .
The wave of anger also revealed that many Americans feel left out during the current recession .
It is not just the 50 million people who are left out because they do n’t have health insurance , or the tens of millions who are left out because they have inadequate health insurance , or even the many people who have been bankrupted by their medical bills ( the most common cause of bankruptcy in the United States ) .
Millions of other Americans also feel left out and angry , frustrated by the bailouts for Wall Street and other corporations which profit from the tax dollars of struggling Americans .
The current health insurance reform bill being created in Congress is looking like just another bailout — this time for health insurance and pharmaceutical companies .
With their lobbying dollars and influence , these companies are crafting health insurance legislation to expand their profits and power .
A proposed individual mandate to force 47 million citizens to buy health insurance will be a windfall for private health insurance companies , and will be partially paid for with taxpayer dollars for subsidies to support premiums for people who ca n’t afford health insurance .
And the drug companies pulled a real coup .
President Obama agreed to a promise of $ 80 billion from the pharmaceutical companies over ten years in exchange for an agreement with the government to not bargain down medication prices for Medicare , and to not allow people to buy cheaper drugs from Canada .
The drug companies did not give the government $ 80 billion , nor agree to cut prices , but only to reduce the amount they would otherwise have raised prices .
$ 80 billion over ten years translates into savings of only 2 percent of the projected U.S. spending on prescription drugs .
What was Obama thinking ?
What ordinary people seem to be thinking is , “ We ’ve given enough bailouts to the private sector , and we are sick of our government continuing to subsidize private corporations . ”
At a “ Community Meeting for Healthcare ” in New Hampshire during his campaign for president in 2007 , Barack Obama talked with 200 - plus people about health care reform .
He said , “ I want to be held accountable for establishing a universal health care plan by the end of my first term , but I have to insist on the voters rallying for this change .
When I take office I have to feel I have a mandate for change . ”
According to the Associated Press , his audience at the community meeting was “ almost single - mindedly focused on a single - payer system . ”
What we know from polls is that 59 percent of Americans support a single payer national health insurance program , an improved “ Medicare for All . ”
So why have our president and Congress abandoned single payer health care when the majority of Americans support it ?
Representatives John Conyers and Dennis Kucinich are sponsoring HR 676 , the single - payer , not - for - profit health insurance bill in the house , along with 85 other representatives .
Kucinich says , “ Insurance companies will stop at nothing to hold on to the American people ’s wallet when it comes to health insurance . ”
He believes that health care reform needs to come from public input , not the special interest groups who are driving the legislation in Congress .
He recommends that we step back and start over on health care reform , and that congressmen should go back to the people and listen to their stories .
They need to talk to all their constituents , not just those who scream the loudest .
They need to hold town meetings where civil discourse prevails .
For those of us who support single payer health care , we can make it clear to our representatives in Congress that this will be an important issue in their re-election as we go to vote next year .
Since health insurance lobbyists have effectively squelched discussion of single payer bill HR 676 as an option for health care reform in Congress at this time , Rep. Anthony Weiner , a single payer supporter , has filed an amendment to the health reform legislation recently created in the House , HR 3200 .
Weiner ’s amendment would effectively change HR 3200 into a single payer bill .
Speaker Nancy Pelosi has promised an up or down vote on this amendment in September .
If you support single payer health care , please call your representative , or go to www.pnhp.org and send an email asking him to support the Weiner amendment to HR 3200 .
If we had an improved “ Medicare for All ” program , everyone would have comprehensive coverage , including medical and dental care , prescription drugs , and long term care , all without deductibles and co-payments .
This approach would not add to our burgeoning national deficit , but would save $ 400 billion in administrative costs alone by eliminating for - profit health insurance companies .
The current Medicare program is financially threatened : Medicare viability would be enhanced by including everyone in the system , rather than siphoning off healthy workers to the for - profit insurance industry .
Only with a single payer national health program will we have “ everybody in and nobody out . ”
There is a moral imperative to providing comprehensive health care to everyone .
Health care should be a human right , not a market good .
As Senator Teddy Kennedy said , “ For all those whose cares have been our concern , the work goes on , the cause endures , the hope still lives , and the dream shall never die . ”
Susanne L. King is a Lenox - based practitioner .
I saw this segment from Rachel Maddow 's show last night and felt the same way on why President Obama deserves this Nobel Peace Prize .
The faux outrage from the Republicans and right wing crazies is all about hate .
This from the same people who jumped up and down in glee that the United States lost the 2016 Olympic bid .
The more this is done , the more these idiots look like unpatriotic Americans .
George W. Bush DRAINED all the good will and political capital that the United States of America had with is " us vs. them " , " axis of evil " tone coming from the United States .
And we paid the price for it , we had to go it alone in Iraq and look what has happened , we found out that we had no business going there and destroying that country and have paid in the billions to trillions for two wars that have brought us NOTHING in return but almost bankruptcy .
We have all been through this for two years .
Barack Obama was the only candidate that campaigned on talking to our enemies , talking about diplomacy , talking about removing nuclear arms and he was ridiculed .
Barack Obama was constantly told he has done NOTHING to deserve the Democratic Nomination , in fact Hillary Clinton was so sure that the super delegates would give the nomination to her that she campaigned to the very last state up until June .
Barack Obama was told he was not ready , needed to wait , and had not done nothing , enough to be President of the United States .
Well , all those conventional wisdom know it alls were wrong , as they are wrong now .
In the end , when history will speak , many will say he deserved it .
h/t Daily Kos
Home Page
We Americans are drowning in a sea of goods from excessive
commercialism .
Can we confront and address this condition and do
so in a balanced manner , that is , one where we show the seriousness
of the situation and yet remain light - hearted ?
Yes , success is
possible provided we work together and perform meaningful actions
on a wide variety of fronts that are individually - directed ,
community - oriented , and involve regionally , nationally and globally
concerted efforts .
Our goal should include reaffirming our
American freedom and constitutional democracy , which have been
systematically threatened by the growing influence of multinational
corporations .
Brevity .
I 'll keep this brief even though on other issues I do
speak at length .
My thesis is that , if we expose the absurdity of
commercialism , we can dilute its impact and find imaginative
solutions that will work in the long run .
If it were n't that crass
commercialism is global in scope and is enticing many in developing
countries , we would say the current commercial situation is
ludicrous .
But the dead seriousness in which the Cato Institute ,
the World Bank , Wall Street and Advertising Age take their world
mission only prods us the more to do the opposite .
We 're not being
frivolous ; we just make light of ourselves for allowing such a
commercial system to spawn , thrive , and entrap us .
Let 's keep our
cool while we turn on the heat .
An Invitation for Comments .
The following list of suggestions
is our current best endeavor , but it certainly can be improved
through insights and suggestions .
It is one way to shake the
public from the addiction of consumer products .
However , addicted
consumers have some creativity left , which , when coupled with a
light - hearted spirit , may confront this wretched system paralyzing
so many of us .
It will take a united effort to topple the idols of
commercialism , preserve and enhance the environment , keep our
sanity , enter into solidarity with others throughout the world , and
enjoy this activity all the while .
Arrangement .
We move from the individual action to the more
global ones without trying to say that one is more or less
important than another category .
The order within sub-sections is
random and without any judgment as to relative importance of
individual entries .
They are more or less arranged according to
when discovered .
Choose from the selections those which you can
better perform with your own limited resources .
We can't do
everything , but we can do some things well .
-- Al Fritsch , SJ
INDIVIDUAL ACTIONS
1. BOLSTER WILL POWER --
This first challenge is perhaps the most
difficult .
It involves the overcoming of our addictions whether of a
chemical , consumer product , media , or other nature .
As we gain self -
control we acquire self - confidence and an ability to use our creativity
to assist those around us whether near or far .
We begin to understand
the situation and see ourselves as part of the problem whether by
commission or omission .
If necessary , we can attend AA meeting or
other related group gatherings , and we can seek and find proper
spiritual direction from a balanced friend .
We can't stand alone but
need assistance from a Power greater than ourselves .
Armed with self -
knowledge and Divine assistance we are more able to confront the
crushing power of over - commercial interests .
By ourselves we are weak ;
with God 's help we can overcome the seemingly insurmountable .
Experience : I give several retreats a year though not as many as
in the past .
These retreatants plus my parishioners in two parishes
hear much about the need to enhance our will power .
2. DON'T BUY --
An important anti-commercial challenge is to
refrain from going out to acquire more things .
However , we have got to
fight the sheer panic of commercial pressure .
Plan before you shop and
refrain from impulse buying .
Check at home to see what you already
have that you may have simply forgotten about having at home .
This
planning strengthens the will power to refrain from acquiring .
If
items are not needed , do n't get them .
Reuse , exchange , take what
another does n't want , and be cautious about purchasing .
Experience : Post a shopping list and add to it when needs arise .
I suffer from the impulse to buy but find the list quite helpful .
I
seek to refrain at least until prices come down .
And I observe making
no commercial purchases on the day after Thanksgiving as well as not
purchasing on Sundays .
3. THROW BACK JUNK MAIL -- Conquering junk mail ( a minor problem )
is a challenge showing us that we can become successful in major
difficulties .
The amount of junk mail is overwhelming and depressing ;
it creates a messy situation where it collects ; it requires disposing ;
and it contributes to the depletion of our threatened forests .
This
challenge offers quick success .
One plan involves collecting junk mail
for a month .
Selecting the franked return envelope from the sending
group you dislike most and attach it to a box containing the month's
worth of junk mail .
The cost will be several dollars for the original
sender , and it is almost a guarantee that one will not send it again to
you .
Forget about clearinghouses which are meant to notify junk mail
senders .
Our direct action works far better , and is a success .
Furthermore , postal workers play a valuable part in this vote of no -
confidence for junk mailers .
Experience :
It 's a pleasure to return junk mail .
I have insisted
on the policy of never trade or sell a mailing list , for this is
confidential matter .
Certainly there could be profit in trading the
list , but that would be going against the trust of supporters .
I have
actually returned metal items to disliked senders in pre-9 - 11 days .
Today that becomes a problem for a tolerant postal worker who lets such
items through .
Far better is focusing on paper products alone .
4. VOTE --
The challenge in our complacent democratic society is to
get the people out to vote .
First we have to resolve to do it
ourselves , especially in local and off - year elections when turnout is
light .
Major differences occur among politicians that are often hard
to determine and that requires some attention to campaigns -- an
increasingly hard task due to the sophistication and escalating price
of 21st century publicity and promotion .
None of these are perfect and
so we must attempt to choose the better one among a slate of
candidates .
It is not enough to resolve to vote ; let 's encourage
others to get out and vote as well .
If we vote intelligently , changes
may occur , or at least have a better chance to occur .
We begin to take
our democracy more seriously .
Experience : Voting is very important both in Appalachia and
throughout our country and world .
I have always attempted to vote even
when I know the vote is a mere protest against a sure winner .
The
right to vote is too precious to take lightly .
5. MAKE YOUR VIEWS KNOWN --
The challenge is not to hold it in ; we
are psychologically more healthy if we try to say what is on our mind .
Commercialism has a grasp on people in all walks of life .
Infants are
being taught from the first TV viewing ; youngsters are targeted with
placement of favorite cereals at the bottom of supermarket shelves ;
teens are caught up in MTV and in fashion purchases .
Adults have their
toys in the form of expensive speed boats , off - road vehicles , and
sports cars and vans .
Let 's speak up amid the commercial noise and let
our word be placed properly .
Say what you think at parties or at the
dinner table about the dangers of over - commercialism to our national
moral fabric ; lobby a favorite bill or write or phone your
congresspersons about pertinent legislation ; encourage others to create
their missives and to participate as well ; send letters to the editor
or e-mails to the media .
All of our opinions are important .
Experience : Resolve to make your views known at least once every
three months in some manner .
That is my individual goal and I attempt
to keep it .
However , on some issues we may have to become far more
intensely engaged during a shorter period of time .
6. PUBLISH ON THE INTERNET --
The challenge is to expand individual
communications to publication and the Internet -- the citizen's
publishing house .
We soon realize that mass commercialism means that
publishing firms target celebrity and sensationalism as part of
dumbing - down people .
Those with meaningful things to say are often
drowned out and denied a voice through the selectivity of the
publishing and electronic media .
In such circumstances it is hard to
remain enthusiastic .
The Internet 's access to a broader audience is a
promising device , for it has not succumbed yet to corporate or
governmental interests .
Writers , who are frozen out of large
publishing firms , have a new outlet for public discourse .
Search
engines can find your issue quite quickly .
We only need recall the
late 18th century early American historic struggle for a free press
waged by Ben Franklin 's grandson and others in the Philadelphia Aurora ,
and other non-Federalist newspapers .
Remember that the infamous Alien
and Sedition Laws threatened and nearly overcame the constitutional
freedom of the press .
Let 's champion free access to the Internet .
Experience : This website < www.earthhealing.info> has enough
materials to keep most visitors busy .
If they need more , we have links
to many other valuable sites .
We currently have a visiting rate of
about one and a half million visits per year and hope to expand this in
the coming year through interspersing more pertinent photographs among
the Daily Reflections .
7. JOIN PUBLIC INTEREST GROUPS --
The challenge is to work together
on local environmental problems with public interest groups .
The
larger groups with few exceptions have six - figured salaried directors
and a temptation to take over local issues and group achievements .
Often local groups are more in touch with issues , have better contacts
with decision makers , know how to engage others in work or celebration ,
and can muster local support more easily .
However , some national
groups are worthy of support as well .
One is well worth mentioning ,
Public Citizen , which does an excellent job .
This Washington - based
group offers a host of actions worth considering , and the group invites
readers to participate through letter - writing , signing , supporting , and
lobbying .
We are often reminded that the public interest can easily be
damaged by the immense power of special commercial interests .
A lack
of public interest opens the door to totalitarian repression by a
fearful government .
Terrorists are becoming modern Paul Reveres by
throwing monkey wrenches at an ever more vulnerable complex technical
system .
A fragile democracy can best be preserved by making sure the
marginalized have a voice in civic affairs so they do n't resort to
violence .
Experience :
As a member of Public Citizen , I can vouch for how
dedicated and consistent both the president , Joan Claybrook , and the
founder , Ralph Nader , have been throughout the past three decades .
Visit their website and find out for yourself < www.citizen.org>, or
send in a donation by letter to 1600 20th Street , N.W. , Washington , DC
20009 .
8. ORGANIZE A YARD SALE --
We are challenged to do more than
individual acts that are hidden and personal like voting and returning
junk mail .
We can go public and reduce throwaways through bringing
ecologically sound commerce to our front yards and local parking lots .
A yard sale is a public statement that we want to trade with others and
to share unwanted or surplus materials with those looking for a
bargain .
Here is an opportunity to hone in on social skills , offer a
place to trade stories , and participate in social life , as well as
reducing one 's inventory of furnishings , fixtures , clothes , books and
what is sometimes classified as " junk . "
We can become lean by being
cheerful , not mean .
We might even dissuade others from engaging in a
favorite modern sport -- malling , or strolling through mall stores in
search of bargain .
A yard sale is low - pressure commercialism and may
even involve giving items to those who are financially hard pressed .
Some people want frequent wardrobe changes in order to remain
fashionably dressed .
Often they discard usable garments and then feel
guilty and take them to second - hand stores or yard sales .
Experience : I believe in the value of yard sales more than the
fact I frequent them .
That is partly because I may end up buying what
I do n't need .
When someone has a shopping list and takes that to a
yard sale , that is salutary ; to simply perform a miniature malling
exercise is not .
However , I did organize an end of academic year yard
sale at Marquette University during my sabbatical stay in 1998 as an
ecological project by the students .
9. SHOW BUMPER STICKERS --
Answer the challenge of the current
closing of access to the air waves from public use .
Think of doing
this in places of maximum public display , namely , on bumper stickers .
This may be done positively by adding good stickers to vehicles --
those promoting the public interest on a wide range of social justice
and environmental issues .
Some of us do not like to clutter up our
vehicles , because a multitude of stickers make reading more difficult .
Only select stickers say it well and are brief and clear .
" If you read
this you are too d----- close " is short but gets to the point quite
well .
The negative sticker ( a " don't " to be placed over a " do " ) has
some value provided you do n't get caught putting them on in the ball
park before or after the game has started .
Sometimes a cute sticker
just fits the vehicle even when it is not yours .
But be careful with
your generosity for it may not be appreciated .
Experience : I find that thinking up good bumper stickers is a
mental exercise when on road trips or when having spare time .
Getting
someone to print or distribute these gems is a far harder task .
People
would rather put them on small items ( books or suitcases ) .
The one I
put on in 2003 just before the Iraq invasion was torn off along with a
vandalizing threat that made me see how much these can be political and
social statements .
10 . CREATE ANTI -COMMERCIALS --
The challenge is to make a
caricature of familiar television or radio commercials .
This can be
done in school and scouting skits , in conversation , and in special
writings .
Be aware that commercial interests may take this seriously
and even threaten to sue .
The local fireside is an ideal place to
purge ourselves of the pervasive influence of commercials .
Through the
game process we help generate a low credibility for things which richly
deserves the gutter -- most high pressure , loud , gaudy , addictive
advertisements .
Today the credibility of most ads has sunk to low
levels , but the very young , the gullible , the new immigrant seeking to
assimilate American culture , and the mentally less fortunate are all
prime targets for the advertising world .
So are the rest of us in our
more relaxed moments .
Exposing idols through anti-commercials can be
fun and serve a very useful prophetic purpose .
Turn the tables on the
commercial interests and tie up their lines and e-mail with your own
creative anti-commercials .
Experience : I answer the phone to credit card and phone peddlers
by goofy and odd - ball responses .
Do n't you know credit cards are
sinful ?
We hope such responses generate conversation among the sending
groups who must have a boring life at the phones .
And the list of
actual comments is growing to where one could have a one - act skit of
good sayings .
LIFESTYLE CHANGES
11 . USE RENEWABLE ENERGY --
The challenge facing Americans is to
wean ourselves away from the umbilical cord of the large utility
companies .
This can be partly or totally done through such solar or
wind applications as solar photovoltaics and electricity produced by
wind turbines , through solar hot water heating , space heating , food
cooking , food drying , solar greenhouses and water pumping systems .
While the movement from non-renewables ( coal , gas and oil ) to renewable
energy sources cannot be done in a day , still some applications can be
more easily installed than others .
Begin with solar food ovens or
solar photovoltaic path lights .
Advance to installing solar hot water
systems , which can replace a high portion of domestic non-space heating
and cooling energy .
Experience : Setting up the Appalachia - Science in the Public
Interest ( ASPI ) physical facilities involved using renewable energy for
space heating ( wood fuel and solar gain ) .
The Mount Vernon office uses
solar energy collected in the adjacent solar greenhouse to give about
40 % of the space heating in winter , and solar arrays add electricity
through a net metering program and to run the ventilation system .
See
ASPI Technical Papers 4 , Solar Greenhouses ; 9 , Breadbox Solar Water
Heaters ; 6 , Solar Food Dryer ; 1 , Solar Box Cooker ; and 49 , Solar
Photovoltaics .
12 . BUILD A CISTERN --
The challenge facing people experiencing
severe droughts is to design , encourage and use appropriate
technologies , which are independent of community water supplies .
We
can save water by catching runoff from roofs during rainy seasons .
The
traditional centralized utility structure allows for ease of control as
opposed to multiple cisterns , wells and other individual water sources ,
which are less capable of being monitored .
Consider reducing your
dependence on distant water sources by building a cistern , which can be
ample storage , sturdy , and free from exterior contamination through a
special sealing process .
This collected water can be used for house
and garden plants and , through proper safeguards , as potable water .
The rainwater quality is generally far superior to chlorinated
municipal water .
Experience : The ASPI cisterns , which we designed and built , have
furnished plentiful supplies of water even during the periodic
droughts .
There is a finite amount of water in a cistern , but the
limited supply can withstand sizeable droughts through proper domestic
water conservation measures .
If the utilities fail and the municipal
water pumps stop , the trusty cisterns are always there .
See ASPI
Technical Paper 3 , Cisterns .
13 . CONSIDER LOCALLY BUILT DRY COMPOSTING TOILETS --
The
challenge is to popularize well - built and well - maintained dry
composting toilets ( CT ) .
Unfortunately , some CTs that have too small
a capacity have been built in the very difficult arena of public places
( parks , playgrounds , etc. ) .
These receive sporadic heavy use that can
easily overload the system .
Individualized homesteads have better
controls over these composting devices .
The CT can easily be built at
low cost ; it is easy to maintain and can be maintained so as to avoid
an unpleasant odor ; it saves half of the domestic water used in the
average home ; it furnishes a rich humus material in a very short time
which can be used to fertilize trees and flowers ( and edible vegetable
plants with proper precautions ) .
Locally built systems allow
construction money to remain and be circulated in poorer communities .
Experience : ASPI has installed three commercial dry composting
toilets and has designed and built five others .
Likewise the
associated greywater effluent from three residences are connected to
artificial wetlands .
See ASPI Technical Paper 2 , Compost Toilets ; 30 ,
Artificial or Constructed Wetlands ; and 41 , Humanure .
14 . EAT LOWER ON THE FOOD CHAIN --
The ongoing challenge is to be
watchful of one 's diet and eat foods which require less resources to
produce : vegetables instead of meat ; chicken and fish instead of pork
and beef ; eggs from free - ranging chickens rather than corporate farm -
produced eggs ; whole grains instead of bakery prepared products ; bulk
foods rather than individually packaged items ; dried foods rather than
frozen ones ; and locally and seasonally produced items rather than
those produced in distant places .
The non-renewable resource ( how much
oil , gas , nuclear , or coal it takes to produce , process , and ship )
contained in a particular food item varies immensely .
It often takes
as much to produce the bottle as the contents or the TV food tray
package as the served food .
Eat less fast food and return the litter
to the parking lot of the fast food logo .
Buy less packaged food and
more bulk produce such as whole grains , lentils , cabbage , and dried
beans .
Experience :
We find that gardening can furnish a sizeable portion
of fresh vegetables and herbs throughout the growing season , and even
beyond , with careful use of seasonal protective materials such as cold
frames .
15 . TURN BLACKTOP INTO GARDEN --
The challenge is to turn urban
areas or recreation space into productive gardens .
Raised beds allow
for intensive gardening and the foliage overlapping walkways during the
summer productive season .
These raised beds should be organic ( no
commercial chemical pesticides or fertilizers ) and yielding high
quality crops that can be consumed right at home .
Interplanting with
flowers add color , protect from certain pests , and attract bees ,
butterflies and curious neighbors .
Domestic gardens can be quite
artistic with the mosaic changing by the week .
If properly done ,
domestic gardening enhances spiritual well - being , adds to personal
enjoyment , affords physical exercise , offers a social opportunity , and
furnishes a steady supply of nutritious food without the transportation
and preservation costs associated with distant commercial produce .
Experience :
While directing the ASPI operation , we turned a
portion of a paved parking lot next to the Mount Vernon office into a
productive garden yielding over 1,400 pounds of vegetables on the one -
twentieth of an acre of raised bed plots for a number of years .
See
ASPI Technical Paper 46 , Backyard Gardens : The Last Frontier .
16 . SHARE ALTERNATIVE GIFTS --
The challenge is to give gifts that
reflect more of ourselves and less from a commercial outlet .
Items
produced or services performed by individuals have far more meaning to
the one receiving the gift , e.g. , home - baked goods , picked berries ,
visits on regular occasions , yard work for the elderly , donations to a
worthy cause in the name of someone , and dedicated poetry to or offered
prayers for an special person .
Christmas have been turned into a
materialistic orgy with mountains of once - used wrappings and a large
array of expensive items , some of which have little or no use .
The
economic forces attempt to get people to start shopping for gifts at
Thanksgiving or even before .
Children should be encouraged to become involved in gift sharing .
They should be encouraged to share unused ( or even favorite ) toys or to
donate one to a more needy child when they receive one for themselves .
Otherwise they can soon become quite selfish gift receivers bent on
acquiring more and more .
Adults need to share as well underused items
such as garden tools or devices used but once a year ( kraut cutter ,
wine press , or chain saw ) with others in one 's immediate neighborhood .
Experience : The ASPI Simple Lifestyle Calendar encourages others
to give volunteer time to worthy causes in Appalachia .
This has also
encouraged through our Daily Reflections and homilies near the end of
the year and the gift - giving holidays .
17 . BUILD YOUR OWN HOUSE -- Challenges can be humorous but , if you
start house - building for the first time , there are intermingled tears
of joy and sadness .
Some general pointers on simple living methods
that will keep housing costs low and use less resources : keep
construction plans as simple as possible ; build the most essential
portions of the building first and plan to construct additions over the
next one or two decades , rather than all at once ; use native building
materials where possible ( do n't build a straw bale house if you do n't
have a source of local straw or it is too humid ) ; look for recycled
building or what are called deconstruction materials from structures
being torn down ; do n't design fashionable tall ceilings or high attic
space , if you plan to heat or cool the entire house ; and keep home
construction away from mortgage hounds by doing the task yourself .
Additional pointers include keeping as many mature and healthy trees
for shade or wind barriers as possible , positioning the building for
maximum solar gain in summer ; protect the windward sides as much as
possible by earth or vegetation ; and go at least partly underground in
a portion of the house to reduce heating and cooling costs .
Experience :
When growing up my dad and our family built about a
dozen houses , one each summer .
While directing ASPI I have helped
design and build five dwellings using native materials and including
cisterns and compost toilets : a two - story solar frame house ; a
cordwood log building ; a cordwood covered mobile home ; a frame one -
story traditional building from native materials ; and a semi -
underground apartment with accompanying yurt as bedroom .
See ASPI
Technical Papers 5 , Cordwood Buildings ; 8 , The Yurt : An Excellent Low -
cost House ; and 40 , ASPI Solar House .
18 . TAKE AN ALTERNATIVE VACATION --
The challenge is to find
vacation time that satisfies us and yet does not require costly travel ,
motels , and the vast outlays to the tourist industry .
So many consumer
havens like Disneyland near Orlando , Florida , or the strip malls and
trinket stores of Pigeon Forge or Gatlinburg , Tennessee become traps to
take money and return a limited change of scenery and entertainments
that could be substituted at far less expense and time .
Traveling on
the byways or house - sitting for a relative can be a change of location
and pace and yet allow for a limited amount of activity that is
relaxing .
Enjoyed vacations means changes of pace , different patterns
of life , new places , and new ventures .
Vacation alternatives to long hours of travel could involve : doing
service for others such as building Habitat for Humanity housing ;
taking time off to learn a hobby ; furthering one 's education by
attending an Elderhostel class ; allowing home care givers to take a
vacation ; or house - sitting for others .
Also consider an alternative
vacation through virtual travel , i.e. , getting a travel tape and plug
into the VCR , settling back with popcorn and having an evening or
longer entertainment ; no trips to the doctor to get required shots , no
passport photos , no waiting when dogged tired for buses or taxis and no
need to leave home .
Experience : I try to couple vacations with speaking engagements
or assessments at distant places ..
19 . AVOID CREDIT CARDS --
The challenge is to resist the ever
present temptation to accept and get involved in the credit card world .
Some testify that by paying promptly the system could work in your
favor beyond the seeming convenience of not having to deal with cash .
In fact , so many now carry credit cards that few could be robbed for
much cash .
However , I once found a folder of 20 some cards lost by a
jogger in DC .
When I called he was extremely hurt by his loss and was
relieved to hear they were found and not used by the finder .
Maybe you
like credit card convenience , the free periods of credit , and the
ability to easily purchase things .
Remember , you are beholden to the
banking establishment and could owe your soul to them through rash
excessive purchases .
What about other members of family or community
who do not share your abstemious ways ?
They contribute to the multi-
trillion dollar consumer indebtedness load .
Be credit cardless and
create a scene if cash is not accepted .
Experience : I avoid all the temptations to accept an inviting
institutional or individual credit card .
It gets harder to do each
year and is now impossible for convenient on - line purchases .
20 . CHOOSE GREEN RECREATION --
There is a challenge when it comes
to fulfilling our need for exercise and relaxation to either do things
that require motors or those without .
These expensive activities are
highly promoted by the recreation industry and are considered the macho
thing to do for recreation .
Motorized forms of recreation ( dune -
buggies , motorboats , off - road vehicles , airplanes and snowmobiles or
accompanying sports such as sky - diving and water - skiing ) use much non -
renewable energy to operate motors .
These devices are generally noisy ,
costly , polluting , and dangerous as well .
In the same amount of quality
leisure time one could hike , bike , jog , camp , bird watch , read or
write .
Green recreation is no joke ; it takes less resources and
equipment ; it can be just as pleasurable , healthy and wholesome .
Some
forms of green recreation may work best with costly gear but these
generally are single purchases that last a long time .
Even sightseeing
by the disabled ( using motor vehicles ) can be considered a wholesome
and green form of recreation .
Spectator sports may or may not take
resources depending on your choice of place to watch ( TV or a distant
recreation park ) .
Remember , the goal should be to stay active and
healthy .
Experience : Like other environmentally conscious individuals ,
many of us seek to do only green recreation sports , namely , walking ,
jogging , camping , hiking -- and gardening .
21 . PRESERVE ONE'S HEALTH --
Health care is our most expensive
bill and our greatest worry .
Preserving health is more a question of
don'ts -- do n't smoke , do n't eat too much , do n't become a couch
potato , do n't forget proper sleep , and do n't let worries bother you .
Even with good health measures we do need medical advice and help .
We
need to be cautious about television pharmaceutical messages of cures
and miracle drugs that may do more harm than good .
Some physicians
become pill pushers and some patients do n't have enough stamina to
endure all those chemicals medicines they are encouraged to take .
Who
knows what happens when a number of these chemicals are taken
simultaneously ?
Advertisements and pressured sales inflate drug
companies profits , while African AIDS sufferers can't afford
treatments .
Think less commercial medicines and more alternatives ,
namely , herbal therapy , relaxation and meditation , and vitamin and
mineral therapy .
Read Drug - Free Healing : Breakthrough Remedies for
Healing Yourself Naturally by the editors of Prevention .
Experience : Several of us founded the Appalachian Ginseng
Foundation , which encourages the growth of a major herbal medicine .
I have grown comfrey ( exterior use ) , garlic ( colds ) , aloe vera ( minor
burns ) , jewelweed ( scrapes ) , echinacea ( flu ) , and pokeweed ( rheumatism )
-- I take one fresh or frozen pokeberry each day .
22 . REDUCE PAPER USE --
Challenge the use of paper , especially
that derived from wood pulp , which is obtained from overly harvested
forests .
While wood pulp - derived toilet paper use is not challenged ,
some practices can include :
* cutting use of bathroom and kitchen paper towels through use of
cloth towels and air blowers which take less resources ;
* using permanent dishes , cups and glasses in place of paper ( and
styrofoam ) picnic supplies and personalized mugs ;
* recycling office and especially copy paper when possible .
Many
grant agencies allow and even encourage use of two sides in submitting
proposals ;
* reuse envelops in sending mailings when feasible ;
* refraining from buying note pads through use of backs of junk
mail and other blank paper materials ;
* carrying along tote bags for purchases ( I find this difficult ) ;
* curbing newsprint use by sharing papers , buying specialized
publications in place of entire newspapers , using the Internet , radio
or television for news ( even though not perfect substitutes ) ; and
* recycling newsprint through mulching and plant cover , insulation ,
wood fire tinder , gift wrapping , and pressed fuel logs .
Experience :
We encourage the reuse of envelops and the use the
back blank side of old manuscripts obtained from a local indexing
editor for draft copies .
I have bought less newspapers and obtained
more news over the Internet and radio and thus saved newsprint .
Weekly
newspapers , magazines and periodicals are exchanged ; office paper is
recycled .
Also check again the section on Junk Mail -- a major paper
user in our society .
This , sir , is the language of democracy -- that a majority of the
community have a right to alter government when found to be oppressive
....
How different from the sentiments of freemen , that a contemptible
minority can prevent the good of the majority .
-- Patrick Henry of Virginia
COMMUNITY ISSUES
23 . PLANT TREES --
A major challenge facing our planet is to
preserve forestlands .
Some hesitate to say " plant trees , " which seems
be a cop -out to more active endeavors .
Yet planting trees , especially
as a community project , is needed today .
Some calls for tree planting
may be excuses for cutting down many other trees .
However , replanting
is a sign of hope , a start at healing the Earth , a necessary
conservation measure that takes some effort and public commitment .
When planting , we realize the trees perilous journey to maturity even
long after we are gone .
We confront our own mortality ; we place trust
in a better world with these added trees ; we recognize trees as sources
of nuts , fruit , fuel wood , shade from the summer sun , protection from
wind and soil erosion , privacy and noise barriers , and moisture -
retaining and micro-climatic mitigation instruments .
Tree planting can
become a special celebration and an opportunity to socialize .
Experience : While assisting at Good Shepherd 's in Frankfort , we
developed a project where every one of the approximately 300 students
at the school planted a tree in the spring .
In 2005 - 6 , the parish at
Ravenna planted a mini-orchard on the church grounds with memorial
plaques for those who passed on .
Additional tree - related efforts
involve getting people to sprout and plant American chestnut as part of
our Appalachian reforestation project .
24 . COMPOST --
The challenge is to return organic matter that is
considered kitchen wastes ( except meat scraps ) and yard wastes ( small
brush , weeds , grass clippings , etc. ) to a compost bin or a compost box
under the kitchen sink .
With friendly bacteria , some earthworms , and
proper air and moisture , the work can be done efficiently and well .
The end product is rich dark humus , which can be returned to flower
beds or garden plots .
A backyard bin could be protected from rodents
if that proves a problem .
Cover the composting materials with dirt at
all times to keep out pests .
The process is simple and , if you wish
more , see the ASPI Technical Paper 11 , Composting for Gardens .
Experience :
All current kitchen and yard wastes are being
composted in a bin in my backyard .
Efforts are being made to expand
the use of this excellent natural recycling technique to others .
25 . REUSE OR RECYCLE --
The challenge is to refrain from buying
unless necessary .
When something is purchased , it should be used to
the degree possible or recirculated through yard sales and giveaways --
provided it 's no excuse for more purchases .
Recycle what is left .
For
instance , a soft drink with much of the material resource found in the
container and not the contents , becomes a problem .
Some states find
bottle deposits add to keeping the place cleaner when people return
container for refunds .
However , larger profits have come with the more
centralized bottlers shipping to remote places and stamping the need
for consumer responsibility to recycle on the label .
Thus originates
the commercial effort to promote recycling instead of returning
containers .
Recycling is obviously more convenient for the producer
even though it takes resources to collect and make new containers .
While composting is participation in a natural process , recycling
metals , paper , plastics and rubber as useable consumer products is not .
Returning containers and other reusable materials to the system for
reuse is better ecological practice .
However , recycling ( for
production of another item ) by way of efficient , sustainable and
accessible recycling centers is the next best thing in our consumer
culture .
Experience :
We are privileges in our local town for it has a
multi - sort recycling pick - up system ( newsprint and paper , cardboard ,
metal , glass , and plastic ) with additional specifics for drop off at
the local recycling center .
26 . PROMOTE LOCAL SELF -INSURANCE --
Insurance coverage is always
challenging .
Billions of dollars are siphoned from across America to
insurance companies and only a portion is ever returned .
Why are not
all of us like the Amish and insure ourselves as community ?
If a barn
or house burns , let 's commit ourselves to helping the victims rebuild .
Thus community dependence and good will becomes the best and cheapest
insurance .
This works when communities are living simply ( do not want
a larger place than what was destroyed ) , when the community is
cohesive , and when the disaster is not so widespread as to cripple an
entire area through hurricane or disastrous flood .
For times of
extensive damage , another coverage strategy is possible -- self -
insuring but underwritten by broader communities of other self - insured .
To our knowledge , extensive networks of the self - insured do not yet
exist .
Federal assistance generally works in very specific cases and
most often when there 's existing traditional insurance .
Self - insurance
counters what could be America 's largest gambling racket and is a ready
candidate for Federal protective measures .
Experience : Self - insurance is difficult but can be achieved by
some group such as our Jesuit health plan .
A question many of us must
raise is the high cost of home insurance that is rising in part due to
coverage for expensive homes in hurricane prone areas .
Why must we pay
for their foolishness ?
27 . SUPPORT SMALL FARMS AND COMMUNITY SUPPORTED AGRICULTURE --
Challenge the welfare system , which allows corporate farms to flourish
and smaller family farms to flounder and fall one by one .
This
condition is in part due to subsidies going to the larger farms , which
can obtain money more easily than can the smaller farms .
The costs of
farming has escalated to such a degree that the larger feedlots and
plantations have a cost efficiency when considering machinery and
pesticide expenses .
Small farmers are bothered when urbanization
contests their way of life ( complaints of manure smells and machinery
operations ) ; unchecked land development and highway building takes away
the cohesive farming community one farm at a time .
Radical stances
have been tried .
Some small - farm support has resulting in attending
forced farm sales ( by banks ) and blocking outside purchasers of the
land .
Encourage bankrupted farm families to stay put as long as
possible and organize communities and groups to back such stands .
Small farm health should be strengthened before such events by
encouraging profitable a variety of small farm alternative crops such
as fresh herbs , mushrooms , certain flowers and bulbs , seeds , locally
grown fruits , vegetables and fish .
Champion community supported
agriculture where possible .
Experience : Many with whom I am associated support the cultivation
of organic vegetables .
A community herb growing association meets here
at the parish each month and good growing information is shared .
28 . EXPOSE ILLEGAL BILLBOARDS --
The challenge is always to reduce
visual pollution due to advertisements , especially on billboards .
All
the while , we see the need to furnish basic information to travellers
for restaurants , motels and fuel stations .
The Interstate system uses
service signs before each intersection .
This is certainly preferable
to large random signs blanketing the approaches to interstate exits ,
towns , and cities .
In the past some have taken it on themselves to cut
down forbidden signs or doctor such signs with anti-commercial
graffiti .
It ends as one illegal act to demonstrate against another
and more commercially acceptable illegal act .
If you must pretty up
illegal signs , do so with creative imagination at the proper place .
Far better is to get the illegal signs removed through pressure to
Federal , state , county or municipal transportation agencies .
Experience :
The property I managed at ASPI is barely within sight
of one of America 's busiest highways ( Interstate 75 ) , but the board of
directors has resisted the temptation to put up billboards that could
be seen by thousands .
29 . STOP COMMERCIAL GAMBLING --
Let 's give a challenge to those
whose only exercise is coming to a casino and operating a one - arm
bandit .
Gambling is a touchy subject .
Many like it ; some of us hate
it ; a large group of those in between find some special gambling
occasions enjoyable .
We all get nervous about the big money behind
some of the gambling operations .
These places can be very highly
commercial , and simply requiring the posting of odds of winning is not
sufficient to curb gambling .
The addicts and their families suffer ;
the community where the gambling joints are located is destabilized
when bad elements take over .
We need to resist the gambling economy at
the individual , community , and national level as important .
Surveys
show that poor folks gamble higher percentages of their limited income .
The best argument against expanded gambling is that such activities ,
always fall heavier on the lower income folks ; a better alternative to
shunting proceeds to the government is to levy taxes on the rich .
Experience : Some of us try to avoid gambling and even discourage
the practice of giving unclaimed Kentucky winnings to non-profits
engaged in low - income home construction projects .
Gambling is not a
healthy practice and is fostered by commercial interests .
30 . DISCOURAGE HUNTING FOR PURE SPORT --
Some hunters no longer
conduct themselves in a traditional sportsman manner .
It seems that
for them the kill is the important thing .
A challenge to bear hunters
who work in packs and use two - way radios to track and trap bears or
other large game is to disrupt their radio frequencies in areas where
and when the animals are being sought .
This can prove to be quite
successful , though it does leave activistic bear protectors vulnerable
to angry people with guns .
Experience : I have never promoted hunting purely as a sport .
However , excessive wildlife ( partly encouraged by the state hunting
interests ) has resulted in immense damage to vegetation , especially by
so - called wild turkeys and by deer .
Some of this excess is thinned by
coyotes but other measures may be necessary -- and we do distribute
venison for the local poor -- and I eat some of this myself .
31 . CURB NOISE POLLUTION -- Advertisements are often produced
louder than the rest of the television and radio programs .
Surface
traffic , jackhammers , chainsaws , airplanes and office equipment all add
up to a numbing , roaring jumble that produces stress and harms our
hearing .
We could address excessive noise in a number of ways :
individually , by putting sound - proofing and fabric hangings to dampen
the exterior noises from disturbing us ; in the household , by cutting
down on times or places where noise is traditionally made ; in the
neighborhood , by pressing for local noise ordinances , and at the
national level , by championing less noisy road surface materials ( as
required in parts of Europe ) , or reducing the level of motor noise on
airplanes , motor surface vehicles or boats .
Experience : I am planning to write a book on Silence and Sound
with Arthur Purcell of the Los Angeles - based Resource Policy Institute
-- but it is slow going due to our other books and commitments .
He
will cover noise pollution and I am developing another fifty ways to
reduce stress and reestablish a quiet environment .
32 . FIND THE POOR IN YOUR COMMUNITY -- Network , a national Catholic
social justice lobby , deplores the fact that 35 million Americans have
lived in poverty during this past decade of unparalleled prosperity .
One quarter of children in this country under six lack life 's basic
necessities .
All of us should become all the more concerned because
individual ( not corporate ) welfare rolls have declined 4.6 million
people ( 38 % ) since welfare reform legislation was enacted in August ,
1996 .
Still people are caught in the web of poverty and quite a few
women and children go to soup kitchens and ask for food handouts .
Find
out who is going hungry in your county and help keep tabs on school
children who are on breakfast programs -- especially during winter
months on snow days when schools are closed .
Most likely these
students will go hungry .
Develop food packets of nutritious materials
that can be easily distributed during these times of emergency .
Make
potential hunger situations known to legislators and county and state
authorities .
Experience :
The parish where I reside has an outreach program
with the poor who need food and other necessities .
My other parish
cooperates with a community - wide ecumenical program to aid the needy in
Powell county , Kentucky .
We still have people needing food especially
towards the end of each month .
REGIONAL ISSUES
33 . FOREST PROTECTION --
The challenge in an age of assault on our
forests is to save our trees and forestlands .
A forest is a community
of which trees are part .
Thus opposition to clear - cutting , which
compacts the forest floor with heavy machinery , rests on solid
ecological and scientific grounds even though some scientists for hire
would object to this .
Opposition to forest destruction in the past has
been through legal actions , educational programs and such practices as
spiking trees and trails .
Effectiveness rests on the story , the
actors , the publicity and the end results .
Greater efforts are now
being made to get the forest landholders to grow virtually wild ginseng
with an understanding that in so doing they make the forest more
valuable than just as a producer of timber .
Experience :
Over time , I have been associated with a variety of
groups that have attempted non-violent , educational , and other forest
defense techniques , always advocating the least violent means to effect
meaningful change .
Our book , Eco-Tourism in Appalachia : Marketing the
Mountains , lists a variety of recreational activities such as sight -
seeing that enhance forestland value through tourism and non-resource
extractive activities .
34 . LOCAL MONEY : A NEW ECONOMIC ORDER -- Creating a new economic
order is a challenge that we find quite difficult .
Different
communities , especially academic ones , have tried to organize
alternative money systems to the current American money system .
The
problem is much the same as faced by a small nation that is not self -
sufficient and requires medicine and basics from outside the
boundaries .
The local money system would work if the local community
produces all its basic needs and is truly self - sufficient .
While
services like cutting hair or fixing vehicles can work reasonably well ,
furnishing non-renewable fuel from an exterior source will not .
The
alternative money system works for services but not materials or for
health and educational services outside the local area .
In other
words , economic alternative Americans for the most part would have to
straddle two economic systems in order to survive .
Only thoroughly
self - sufficient communities could make local alternative money systems
work -- and these are rare .
Experience :
This is the most theoretical of all the challenges
and remains a problem for me because many economic alternative systems
have not proved too practical .
We have to remain open to such
possibilities even though educational and health costs are a hurdle
that must be overcome .
35 . ENCOURAGE RELIGIOUS INSTITUTIONS
--
The challenge is to inspire
the very institutions whose goal is spiritual inspiration .
Why not ?
All need encouragement and that includes the churches and other
religious institutions .
Let 's target them because they could be such
worthwhile models to oppose the over - commercialism and materialism of
our American culture .
Churches are visible , open , morally committed ,
and supposedly authentically prophetic .
They can ill afford to be
silent when their members are persuaded by the civic religion of
commercialism .
Should good church administration be defined through
profitable investments and unquestioning conformity to the current
economic system ?
Are even so - called socially responsible investments
mere cover-ups for becoming party to the system itself ?
Is the
prophetic witness of churches and church leaders toned down for fear of
raising the discomfort level of affluent people ?
Raise such questions
in an encouraging fashion .
Experience : Paul Gallimore at Long Branch Environmental Education
Center and I have performed over 200 environmental resource assessments
over the past quarter century and the majority are for religious
institutions ( churches , cathedrals , motherhouses , senior citizen
facilities , colleges , and youth camps ) .
Many of our recommendations
seek to strengthen the prophetic voice of the community being assessed
-- and quite a number have become model places in their neighborhoods .
36 . CONFRONT COMMERCIALISM
IN PUBLIC INSTITUTIONS --
The challenge
is to return the public school to being a forum of free expression and
sound instruction for our American youth .
And the added challenge is
to return public institutions into being truly public and not the
private domains of a privileged few .
For instance , why should the
taxpaying public have to support unneeded new sports arenas which are
now equipped with luxury seating for the super - rich ?
Why are
commercials found in the public schools ( 12,000 of these schools have
subscribed to Channel 1 -- the advertising educational channel as of
this writing ) ?
Why is there a Coca Cola / Pepsi commercial war directed
to school boards across the nation over which vendor has a right in set
up machines in the particular facilities ?
Why should one who wears a
pepsi shirt be sent home on Coca Cola appreciation days ?
These turf
wars , while yielding some money to school board coffers , are also
giving the wrong choice of products to students who are the principal
victims of these commercial wars .
Soft drinks are quite popular and
often replace milk needed to reduce calcium deficiencies .
Parents ,
teachers , students , and the general public should take up this battle .
It is ironic that those who rave most about taking God out of schools
are often silent about the godless materialism ( crass commercialism )
now found in many school systems .
Help preserve the " public " in public
schools , museums , libraries , and sports arenas .
Experience :
We in Kentucky are proud of this state taking a
national leadership role in combating junk food promotion in schools .
The state received the highest mark by a 2006 report by the Center for
Science in the Public Interest , Suite 300 , 1875 Connecticut Avenue , NW
Washington , DC 20009 - 5728 .
NATIONAL ISSUES
37 . DEMAND CAMPAIGN FINANCE REFORM --
Our democratic heritage
challenges us to take back our democracy which is threatened by the
escalating cost of electoral campaigns .
Poll after poll shows that
the majority of us want campaign finance reform .
Powerful lobby and
special interest groups have inordinate influence on candidates for
public office , mainly because of the high costs of campaigning and the
purchase of critical media time .
The cost of running for public office
spirals into the millions and even tens of millions of dollars and is
gradually cutting out worthy potential officeholders who lack the
finesse to capture large sums of money .
The qualifications move away
from the public interest and to persons who have access to personal or
special interest funding .
Gradually this is becoming a game for the
super wealthy or those associated with such persons or corporations .
Why should not campaigning be done on free public service time ?
The
reason is that a major promotion of candidates comes through television
watching .
The public debate should be open in its location , air time ,
and subsequent public discussion .
We should no longer tolerate " soft
money , " which is not donated to specific candidates ( spending caps of
$ 1,000 are imposed ) , but to the political parties .
Let 's help save the
threatened democratic process .
Experience : Support finance reform through support of Public
Citizen ( mentioned elsewhere ) .
Also consider supporting Common Cause ,
1250 Connecticut Avenue , NW Washington , DC 20036 Web Site : < www .
commoncause.org >
38 . CHALLENGE THE U.S. MILITARY BUDGET -- We Americans are all
challenged to be honest with ourselves .
Why is so much being spent on
an American military budget ( over four hundred billion dollars
annually ) when we engage in hopeless Middle East conflicts and a
supposed War on Terrorism ?
The answer rests in the basic insecurity of
materialism , for those who have more are more afraid of losing what
they have .
An affluent nation on top of the world can get in this fix .
Did not the Roman Empire have the largest military expenditures in its
last century ( fifth AD ) -- though it did have challengers from the
outside ?
Congress enjoys pork barreling military money for their
respective districts and thus fight any closure of wasteful unneeded
military bases in their respective districts .
Challenge congresspersons
in DC or at some state occasion .
Become responsible taxpayers and turn
war - making into peace - keeping .
Experience :
While organizations may be forbidden to lobby , we
individual citizens are encouraged to do so .
Letter - writing and
meetings with congress personnel can be effective in at least
reconsidering aspects of the ever growing military budget .
39 . REGULATE LARGE CORPORATIONS AND BANKS --
The current climate of
deregulation of banks , media companies and others has assumed that
competition can be preserved with fewer groups .
From that way of
thinking bigger is better and smaller is ugly .
Corner grocery stores ,
clothiers and local banks are disappearing .
Mere competition does not
define all services of the local small establishments , and it is this
flavor of the hometown and small community that is disappearing at a
rapid pace .
We need to return to a national strict regulatory policy
that hampered the excesses of the 19th century and to do so very soon
before more small businesses are lost .
The focus of attention on the
rapid growth of Walmart in the 21st century may lead to some
regulations regarding hiring practices and worker insurance coverage .
Experience : I enjoy purchasing materials from the local hardware
store and garden supplies from the local greenhouse , even when at
greater cost per item .
The guarantee of quality and the story that
goes with sales is so very important .
We strive to promote local
merchants and banking establishments .
40 . MAKE PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENTS ( PSA's ) --
Americans are
challenged to reassert public ownership of the airwaves .
Over the past
eight decades the American electronic media has gradually taken over
the air waves , which are part of our commons .
This has reduced the use
of air waves by the citizenry to fewer restricted areas .
In so doing
the control by the electronic media has infringed upon our basic right
to free expression as guaranteed by the Constitution .
See RICH MEDIA
POOR DEMOCRACY by Robert W. McChesney .
A strong case can be made that
available public service broadcasting and televising has become
increasingly restricted .
The best and sometimes the only viewing and
listening times are cooped by paid commercials .
Even children's
programs are filled with commercials , a practice which is forbidden in
Sweden where the controlling agencies understand the harm of
commercials to the young mind .
It is time we reassert our demand for
public interest programming and for controls on current commercial
content and timing .
Experience : Some of the very early public interest work in the
1970s included PSAs for radio .
These cost little to develop and put on
the air .
However , with time this faded partly because PSAs were
relegated to times of low audience .
We are free today , substantially , but the day will come when our
republic will come to impossibility because its wealth will be
concentrated in the hands of a few .
When that day comes , then we must
rely on the wisdom of the best elements in the country to readjust the
laws of the nation to the changed conditions .
-- James Madison
41 . STOP CORPORATE WELFARE --
The challenge is to confront the last
and largest form of welfare ( the dirtiest word in American Politics ) as
Mother Jones Magazine notes , namely , corporate welfare .
In 1998
Federal government aid to these corporations amounted to $ 167 billion -
- nearly five times the amount that trickled down in welfare to the
poor and their children .
Why should corporations have such benefits ?
Why should they be regarded as persons , somewhat coequal with the human
person ?
Corporations do not have inherent rights , but rather the
corporation is the creature of the state .
Corporations are not
mentioned or protected within the Constitution , but became over time an
entity , which can take on an international status as powerful as many
smaller nations .
Is there time left to return corporate controls to
the people through Federal laws and regulations ?
Those politicians
beholden to corporate interests appear unable to apply controls to the
real welfare chiselers .
Experience : I have tried to introduce this theme in certain
seminars , writings , and talks throughout the years .
This is most
recently true in the September contribution to Eco-Spirituality
throughout the Seasons .
42 . ENERGY EFFICIENT VEHICLES --
Throughout the last quarter
century , the Federal Government has attempted to cut fuel consumption
by requiring that the total population of new cars ( not all individual
ones ) meet average fuel consumption goals .
This was being achieved
until recent increases in popularity of sports vehicles , which were
outside the anticipated scheduled categories .
Suddenly fuel efficiency
leveled off and then began to decline .
It would seem that after so
much engineering and work on the internal combustion engine that fuel
efficiency would steadily improve .
Part of this problem is due to the
current economic prosperity with relatively low fuel prices until quite
recently .
But until 2006 the total number of inefficient new vehicles
grows and that exacerbates the problem .
More efficient vehicles mean
less air pollution , reduced global warming , and even reduced ozone
depletion .
It is time to improve energy efficiency through tighter
Federal regulations and to accelerate the production of cleaner
vehicles for the driving public .
Experience : ASPI has always strived to drive fuel - efficient
vehicles , especially through the ASPI solar electric car ; this is a
model for others in the region to take a lead and curb the gas guzzlers
that do not seem to lose popularity fast enough .
43 . COMPREHENSIVE HEALTH INSURANCE --
The challenge is the best
health plan at the lowest cost to the most Americans .
Some question
whether all people are entitled to such health insurance .
Today , some
44 million Americans ( many of these the lower income working poor and
their families ) are virtually frozen out of health care systems .
The
debate will be expanded in the coming years where the emphasize will be
on lower cost coverage , on controls of HMO practices , on preventative
medicine , on long - term care for the elderly , and on high risk patients
with large health costs .
The issues are somewhat complex and some
politicians are finding that escalating health costs must be addressed .
Experience : With more and more un - or underinsured it is becoming
necessary that we take this matter beyond what individuals at do at a
local level .
This is a national issue and demands our concerted
political effort so that the tens of millions of uninsured will have
decent health coverage .
That is certainly an important current social
justice issue .
44 . PROMOTE ALTERNATIVES
TO PRISONS -- Many of America 's exploding
prison population do not need to be incarcerated .
In fact , these one -
and - a- quarter million Federal prisoners become the laborers at
virtually no wages .
The system involves manufacturing cheap prison
products which enrich private businesses working hand - in - glove with the
Federal and state prisons .
It is America 's gulag .
Instead of this
prison economy , the non-violent convicts ought to be paroled and
allowed to live in their home towns under proper surveillance .
If a
parole is broken , the prisoner returns to the institution .
Savings for
those who comply with the requirements could be as high as $ 20,000 per
person per year , and the surplus money saved could be allocated to
crime and drug prevention programs .
Furnishing prison supplies and
buildings is a " growth " industry and part of the crass commercialism
involved with incarceration .
But this is hardly a way to build and
maintain a healthy domestic economy .
Experience : Eastern Kentucky is fraught with Federal prisons , a
growth industry .
In my work at these places it becomes evident that a
great number of folks need not be here at all .
The cost of imprisoning
these people is staggering .
We support reducing prison populations ,
especially with the non-violent offenders .
We champion the cause of
prisoners and try to help them prepare for reintroduction into the non -
prison world .
45 . RAISE THE MINIMUM WAGE --
The challenging condition of the
working poor in a land of immense wealth is always before our eyes .
The working poor must pay relatively high rental fees and food bills ;
they often cannot afford health insurance .
The gap between the rich
and the poor continues to rise even in times of the most robust
national economy .
A number of states have raised minimum rates in
recent years but , as of this writing , the federal government has not
succeeded in raising the rate that has been stuck well below six
dollars an hour for the past two decades .
The working poor find it
increasingly difficult to meet basic needs of rent , food , health , and
education .
Raising the minimum wages is one way to begin to equalize
the wealth and expand the national well - being especially since many of
those who suffer from low rates have little political voice .
Experience : During my administration at ASPI we always paid more
than minimum wages , and this is all the more important today when
people can't quite make it on less than six dollars an hour .
GLOBAL ACTIONS
46 . CONTINUE TO CELEBRATE A JUBILEE --
This was first written
before turning of the calendar for the 21st century and thus focused on
a Jubilee year in the biblical sense -- a time for freeing existing
debts and sharing again the commons with all the people .
Many economic
debts result from oppressive regimes under the encouragement of western
governments .
The affected inhabitants had little participation in the
growth of the debt and yet repayment to wealthy governments and banks
requires denying them their basic medicine and food .
Nations like the
Democratic Republic of the Congo under Mobutu Sese Seko witnessed
massive funds transfer ( even billions of dollars ) to Swiss banks .
Some
say that if the banks are to relinquish such money that came from
Holocaust victims surely the same principles should apply to looting of
the resources of developing nations .
The basic justices has been
recognized to some extent and the seventeen poorest nations have had
their debts eliminated , but what about the next tier of nations ?
Experience :
What has begun as a forgiveness by richer nations and
agencies must continue and thus we need to insist that the year of
Jubilee is right now for the poorer indebted nations .
47 . THINK GLOBAL POOR -- A challenge is to present a viable
alternative to confront the global commercial interests -- multi-
national corporations , NAFTA and the International Monetary Fund --
where power and money go hand - in - hand .
Do we need to globalize the
world economy when certain players hold all the cards ( and money ) , and
others are at their mercy ?
Should 25,000 American cotton farmers have
their crops lavishly subsidized while millions of African and other
small cotton growers languish ?
Or , is it better to have decentralized
economies which are more locally - controlled , people - oriented , and
community - based ?
The two choices are quite different , though media
popularity and big government favors the global approach .
However
ecological health and ultimate viability favors a decentralized
approach such as that espoused by the late appropriate technician --
E.F. Schumacher and the Society that bears his name .
Write to E.F .
Schumacher Society 140 Jug End Road , Great Barrington , MA 01230
< www.schumachersociety.org>.
Experience :
We feel close to EFS , my distant cousin , and seek to
promote decentralization .
However , some global controls are necessary
such as involves international controls on widespread pollutants .
These global problems cannot be handled adequately at the local level ;
they need more widespread support .
48 . SUPPORT UNITED NATION'S EFFORTS --
The challenge facing
affluent nations is the Lazarus Effect ( named for a New Testament
parable of the rich man who knew the beggar Lazarus by name but did not
reduce his misery ) .
Do we as a people know Niger and Haiti by name --
but do so little to help them ?
The agency that seeks to address such
problems as destitution in a world of plenty is the United Nations ,
which was born in San Francisco and has its main offices in New York
City .
It deserves our American support and dues payments .
It
undertakes many health , education , Food for Peace , and peace - keeping
efforts which cost money .
It takes $ 15 to immunize a child for life
from the six killer diseases ( measles , polio , tuberculosis , tetanus ,
whooping cough and diphtheria ) but still over two million children die
annually from these .
About a quarter of child deaths are due to
diarrheal diseases which could be remedied by just seven cents per
packet .
Supporting the United Nations is supporting the poorest of the
poor .
UN Children 's Fund 333 East 38th St. New York , NY 10016
< www.unicefusa.org>
Experience : Our October issue of Eco-Spirituality through the
Seasons on this website is a strong endorsement of UN efforts on many
fronts .
49 . COMMUNICATE WITH FOLKS WORKING IN THE THIRD WORLD -- One of
the glories of the Internet is its ability to transmit messages to
people in distant lands conveniently , rapidly , and at low cost .
Communication is the bond that holds a world together .
Without it we
soon become isolated from others ; with it we are blessed with the good
word and cheer of people in distant places .
These folks challenge us
to break away from ourselves and expand our vision to other peoples ,
problems and legitimate needs .
Thus the encouragement is mutual , for
we need to know , and to realize our own place in the vast world of
needs .
Contact the Tapori Children 's Network , Fourth World Movement ,
7600 Willow Hill Dr. , Landover , MD 20785 .
( 301 ) 336-9489
< www.tapori.org>
Experience :
We are in communication with people in an average of 80 countries
through this website .
Our e-mails from them are always most welcome .
50 . SUPPORT LOW -INCOME VENTURES --
The final challenge is to
recognize the need to support small business ventures in foreign lands ,
which are geared for launching people into entrepreneurial enterprises .
Many need just a little money to get things rolling and are sincere and
willing to pay back over time .
Venture capitalism , as it is termed ,
strives to make small sums of money available to those seeking to built
their own small local businesses .
If you desire to make such loans
make contact through your church with overseas mission personnel who
may guide you to persons of greatest need and how funds are used .
Loans persons should consider forgiving interest payments and rotate
the basic funding to new starting enterprises in these foreign lands .
Experience : I strive to donate as much as I can afford to groups
in Central America , Asia , Africa , and the Middle East who work with
low - income groups .
Please distribute your support carefully .
CNN 's conservative pundit named Alex Castellanos tried his best to undermine Alan Grayson 's charge that republicans have a non existent health care plan which is hurting America .
He 's as slimy as they get since he's an old ad man and he made me cringe when he said this to Rep. Alan Grayson .
Castellanos : I 'm a republican congressman and I have a question .
Which particular Americans do you think I 'd like to die ?
Can you name some ?
Well I have a name for you ..
Kimberly Young
Friends say the Miami University graduate who died this week after reportedly suffering from swine flu delayed getting medical treatment because she did not have health insurance .
News of Kimberly Young ’s death Wednesday , Sept. 23 , came as a shock to those who knew the vibrant 22 - year - old who was working at least two jobs in Oxford after graduating with a double major in December 2008 .
Young became ill about two weeks ago , but did n’t seek care initially because she did n’t have health insurance and was worried about the cost , according to Brent Mowery , her friend and former roommate .
Mowery said Young eventually went to an urgent care facility in Hamilton where she was given pain medication and then sent home .
On Tuesday , Sept. 22 , Young ’s condition suddenly worsened and her roommate drove her to McCullough Hyde Memorial Hospital in Oxford , where she was flown in critical condition to University Hospital in Cincinnati .
There are thousands more just like Kimberly .
Castellanos should be ashamed to even go there , but he 's a conservative pundit and he can say anything .
I think the blogosphere appreciates a liberal with guts .
Alan Grayson needs our support so he can keep fighting for the Kimberly 's of America .
Story here .
Excerpt :
' NEW YORK ( CBS / AP ) Prosecutors in New York say a devoutly religious Muslim woman , Rabia Sarwar , slashed her husband 's neck after he introduced her to booze , pork , and miniskirts .
Sarwar 's defense lawyer says his client was " emotionally abused " and forced to violate her religious beliefs .
Sarwar is free on bail after appearing in a Staten Island court Thursday on attempted murder and other charges .
Her lawyer , Joe Licitra , said Sarwar 's husband " got her to drink alcohol , eat pork " and wear clothing that violated her Muslim beliefs .
Sheikh " Eddie " Naseem , who has surface wounds on his neck , face and hands , said his wife needs psychological help .
Licitra said Sarwar was previously treated for depression .
...
Said Naseem : " There was no gun pointed to her head to do these things . " '
Ann Coulter ’s guest appearance Thursday night on Sean Hannity ’s Fox News show took a startling turn when she veered from lamenting how Rush Limbaugh ’s NFL dream supposedly got sacked by the far left to holding forth about yet another of those “ crazy left - wing hoaxes ” that have “ spooked ” the NFL .
According to Coulter ’s apparent expertise on the subject of domestic abuse : “ Husbands rarely beat up their wives … single women get beaten up more . ”
How she arrived at that particular sweeping statement is unclear , but you can read some empirically researched information about domestic abuse here , here and here .
Meanwhile , here ’s one clip that Limbaugh ’s detractors ( and defenders ) have pointed to while discussing why the NFL , a privately owned organization , was opposed to letting Limbaugh become a minority investor in the St. Louis Rams .
–KA
YouTube :
Mandatory Coverage ?
New Taxes ?
What Health Care Overhaul Would Mean for Americans
A look at some key proposals and what impact they would have on the system .
Oct. 7 , 2009  --
As senators debate and work to iron out the details of various health care bills , uncertainty remains about how an overhaul of the nation 's health care system would actually affect Americans .
An estimate released late Wednesday by the Congressional Budget Office revealed that health care legislation drafted by the Senate Finance Committee , sometimes referred to as the Baucus bill after the committee 's chairman , Sen . Max Baucus , D - Mont. , would cover 29 million of the currently uninsured , ultimately achieving 94 percent coverage and costing a total of $ 829 billion over 10 years .
But , what about bills drafted by other Senate and House committees ?
Differences abound , even among Democratic lawmakers who are leading overhaul efforts .
For instance , House Democrats say the final legislation has to have a so - called " public option " -- a government - run insurance plan that would compete with private insurers .
Some Senate Democratic leaders , such as Baucus , say they need to pass a bill that will get the Republican nod as well , which would mean taking a public option off the table .
Beyond the legislative jargon , any overhaul is likely to have a significant impact on Americans ' lives , even those who have never had to worry about coverage .
Here 's a look at some key sticking points between Democrats and what they mean for Americans :
Tax on ' Cadillac Plans ' :
Baucus ' plan would slap an excise tax on insurance companies for so - called Cadillac plans , high - value , generous insurance packages that include luxuries such as no co-payments and deductibles .
Such plans are often sold to companies with older workers and high - risk employees and which , some people say , are big cost drivers .
Under Baucus ' plan , insurers would pay tax on plans for which premiums exceed more than $ 8,000 for individual coverage and $ 21,000 for family coverage , starting in 2013 .
Most Americans are n't covered by such plans .
In 2009 , the annual premiums for employer - sponsored health insurance averaged $ 4,824 for single coverage and $ 13,375 for family coverage , according to the Kaiser Family Foundation 's 2009 Employer Health Benefits survey .
House Democrats have mulled a similar plan although none of the proposals on the table include such a provision .
Being debated in the House is , instead , the idea of raising income taxes on upper - income individuals and families , rather than insurers .
Proponents of the tax say such high - end plans drive up costs of health care and the tax would help pay for the proposed overhaul .
To alleviate some concerns , Baucus excluded many people who work in the public sector from this rule .
But critics , including some Republican lawmakers , say taxing insurance providers means taxing people because companies will simply pass on their new costs to people in the form of higher co-payments and deductibles .
Many union members have been against the plan amid fears that it will impinge on their benefits package .
The change is not likely to have any impact in the short term unless insurance companies choose to spread the cost of the additional tax across their entire business , experts say .
" It will effectively end those insurance plans that would otherwise cost more than the upper limits , " said Henry Aaron , a health care expert at the Brookings Institution in Washington , D.C. " For the average American , it means next to nothing . "
But , in the long term , that may change .
Because the premiums -- based on the current proposal -- would be gauged on the consumer price index rather than health insurance costs , which tend to rise faster than the former , more plans could be folded into the " Cadillac " category in the long haul .
" Because of the way the indexing works , it 's likely that more plans over time will end up being caught in or considered to be a high - cost plan , " said Jennifer Tolbert , principal policy analyst at the Kaiser Family Foundation .
" The threshold for defining a high - cost plan is indexed to the consumer price index , whereas we know that health insurance premiums rise at a faster rather than that .
It 's hard to know . "
It could be a while before that happens , experts say .
" A number of years would have to go by , probably many more than 10 , " for the average person to be affected by the proposed tax , Aaron said .
Mandatory Coverage
More than 15 percent of Americans do not have health coverage and the numbers continue to rise , according to the latest census .
Nearly all Democrats are proposing to make health coverage mandatory , although there are still disagreements about what penalties would be imposed .
Both Senate committees are proposing a $ 750 yearly penalty on individuals who do n't have coverage .
The health committee wants to slap a similar fine on companies who do n't provide coverage for their employees .
While this proposed shift will not affect 85 percent of the population , it will have a significant effect on the more than 46 million Americans who are uninsured .
Critics of mandatory coverage say it will put a burdensome onus on low - income individuals and households .
Politically , some GOP lawmakers argue that it constitutes an additional tax and , essentially , goes against the president 's promises of no additional taxes .
Proponents of the plan argue that it will encourage individual responsibility and that taxpayers wo n't have to bear the burden of the non-insured who are often treated at a much higher cost in emergency rooms .
" There 's a bit of an unfairness about the current system in that people who elect to go uncovered still receive many benefits of insurance coverage , " said Aaron of the Brookings Institution .
" And , so I think this is simply a way of distributing more equitably the responsibilities and financial burden of having coverage . "
The effect will depend on what kind of subsidies and financial aid is offered to low - income families to make health coverage affordable , analysts say .
" Except , in some states , there are n't available federal subsidies for insurance unless you argue that there 's a big tax preference for employer - based insurance , " said Tolbert of the Kaiser Family Foundation .
" Providing federal subsidies for people to enable them to purchase health insurance would be a new initiative , a new benefit to people and it's pretty significant and pretty important in the context of individual mandate .
...
You have to make sure it 's affordable . "
The Senate committees and House Democrats are proposing to provide subsidies to those individuals and families whose incomes are up to 400 percent of the federal poverty level .
For a family of four , that was gauged at $ 22,050 for 2009 .
There are also provisions for tax breaks for small businesses and expansion of Medicaid .
Public Option
While the idea of a government - run insurance program may be a novelty to many Americans , it already exists in the form of Medicare .
Baucus left the public option out of the Finance Committee bill , saying that he wants to put forth legislation that will get enough bipartisan support to pass the Senate .
Any legislation with a public option is unlikely to garner Republican votes .
The Health Committee and House Democrats argue otherwise , with many members of the House insisting that the final bill will have a public option included .
Republicans say a government - run insurance plan would stifle all competition in the health care sector and it constitutes a form of government takeover .
Meanwhile , the U.S. public is divided on whether public option should be included , with slightly more than half saying they would support such a plan .
There 's little clarity on what impact a public option plan would have , given the different proposals that are being circulated .
If a government plan is structured on the model of Medicare , it could have the impact of reducing overall costs and providing a lower cost alternative to Americans who are participating in a health exchange , said Tolbert of the Kaiser Family Foundation .
But it will be available to only those people who are uninsured and in those markets where there are n't competing private insurance companies .
If the plan were to negotiate provide rates , then the focus would n't be so much on reducing costs , but more on providing choice of insurance coverage to Americans .
" There 's no clarity at this point , " Tolbert said .
" There 's quite a bit of uncertainty about if there will be a public option ... and what it will look like . "
Instead of a government - run insurance plan , Baucus has suggested cooperatives , which are member - owned , nonprofit organizations that would compete with the private sector .
Insurance Market Overhaul
President Barack Obama has time and again assailed health insurance companies for denying patients care based on pre-existing conditions and high - cost medical treatments .
New rules in a health care overhaul could generate a significant shift in the insurance market .
Across the political spectrum , members of both parties -- in what is one of the few points of agreement in the health care debate -- are calling for the removal of pre-existing conditions that deter many Americans from getting affordable coverage , if any at all .
" Insurance market reforms are critically important and have widespread appeal , " said Aaron of the Brookings Institution .
" Nobody likes it when a sick person is cut off and denied insurance . "
Some people want insurance companies to remove limits on lifetime coverage altogether .
Such measures could open up access for many uninsured Americans , but it could also boost costs because insurance companies cite these measures as a way to keep their costs down .
Next Steps
Now that the CBO estimate is complete , the Senate Finance Committee is poised to vote -- possibly as early as Friday -- on the bill proposed by Baucus .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D - Nev. , will lead an effort to merge the bill with a more liberal version passed July 15 by the Senate Health , Education , Labor and Pensions Committee .
Meanwhile , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D - Calif. , is -- in what are likely to be tough negotiations -- attempting to merge the three different bills passed by committees in the House .
Once these negotiations end and each side has one bill , negotiators from all fronts , including the White House , will try to reconcile the Senate and House legislation in what will be an intense series of conference negotiations .
The final version would then be voted on in the House and Senate .
Even if health care overhaul is achieved , almost everyone agrees the debate wo n't end with the president signing a bill .
With some of the proposed changes being completely foreign to the U.S. health care system , their impact would be felt for a long time .
" It will be evolving , " Tolbert said .
" And it 's going to take a number of years to implement the number of provisions that are contained in the bill .
As time goes on , things will likely be modified and adjusted . "
ABC News ' Jonathan Karl contributed to this report .
( Note : My comments never seem to show up and this one will probably be no different . )
Anyone who thinks that yet more proof of already known facts is somehow going to change the minds of folks who do n't believe those facts is just as insane as the " moon landing is a hoax " conspiracy theorists .
Such is the wonderment and power of a grand conspiracy .
It can never be proven or disproven because it is so big that literally everyone in the entire world could be in on it .
You think one more picture is going to forever debunk it ?
Pffft. # apollo17flag
Goofs
On the last page of text in the intro , on the fourth line , there is a grammatical error .
It reads : " ... she would have been smart and gotten far away New York . " but it should read : " ... she would have been smart and gotten far away from New York . "
See more
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
British National Party leaders have voted " overwhelmingly " to ballot members on changing its constitution to allow non-white members to join .
Leader Nick Griffin said he welcomed the change , which the party had been " moving towards " for years .
If the new membership rules are approved , the BNP would be brought in line with the recent Equality Bill .
The party 's " closed for business " talks in Hindley Green , Wigan , came on the first day of its annual conference .
Anti-fascists Senior members discussed whether its policy should discriminate on the ground of race or religion .
Members of the public and journalists were barred .
A party spokesman said : " More than 300 of the party 's voting membership voted overwhelmingly in favour .
At a later stage it will be put to the entire membership of the party to vote for , or against . "
The Human Rights Commission has ruled that if the BNP does not allow people from ethnic minorities to join , it would become an illegal party .
We are here because the BNP is a fascist party and it does not represent the people of Wigan , the North West or the country
Paul Jenkins Mr Griffin said : " We will ensure the new constitution still makes sure that the party is there primarily to represent the interests of the indigenous people of these islands who have been grotesquely discriminated against by the other parties now for decades .
" But to have members of loyal assimilated minorities in this country involved in the party as well I 'm sure will actually help . "
A group of about 50 anti-fascist protesters gathered outside the conference venue chanting " Black and white unite and fight " , and " Smash the BNP " .
Dozens of police officers were on patrol outside the complex and the surrounding roads .
Paul Jenkins , 40 , from Cumbria , is the north - west organiser for Unite Against Fascism .
He said : " We are here because the BNP is a fascist party and it does not represent the people of Wigan , the North West or the country . "
Mr Griffin , who was controversially invited on to BBC's Question Time last month , will bring the conference to a close on Sunday with a keynote speech .
Delegates will discuss 12 policy motions put forward by various regional party groups .
The BNP 's membership has increased this year and two candidates were elected to the European Parliament .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Discover Ways We Can Help You During Quarantine
Fibernet offers stay at home tools like VPN , Firewall , Broadband , and Cybersecurity Services so you do n't have to miss a beat , even if you are n't in the office .
Border Love : Newlyweds Barred From Entering Each Other 's Country David Williams and Janeane Ardiel meet at a picnic table on the border weekly .
Sept. 25 , 2009  --
Like any newlywed couple , David Williams and Janeane Ardiel enjoy looking into each other 's eyes and imagining many happy years together .
But their only physical contact comes during weekly meetings at a picnic table in a park on the U.S. - Canadian border while they sort out the legal complications that prevent the two from entering each other 's country .
" I was just devastated , " Ardiel said of the day in July when she was banned from entering the U.S. for six months after officials told her they feared she would stay with her husband illegally instead of going back to Canada .
They 've known for a couple of years that Williams was barred from entering Canada because of a 2003 DUI conviction .
The government has told him that he needs to wait at least five years from the time his probation ends in the U.S. , which was in 2004 .
For now , the couple , both 45 , are just happy they get to see each other at all while their paperwork is being processed .
They told ABCNews.com they did n't know about the Peace Arch International Park that straddles the two countries until they hired a lawyer who has worked with clients in similar situations and knew just the place for the two to meet .
" It 's been absolutely awesome that I can see him , " Ardiel said of their picnic meetings , which include lunch and about four hours together each week .
" At least you can hold hands -- you can do something physical . "
The two , both previously divorced parents , began a relationship over the phone after Ardiel 's sister met Williams , then living in Florida , while visiting Williams ' friend .
" She 's never done anything like that before , " Ardiel said .
" She said ' You know how there 's that perfect guy for you ?
I found him . ' "
Ardiel was the one to initiate the first phone call in October 2006 , and both said they clicked right away .
" Next thing you know we were talking every day , " Williams said .
" We fell in love over the phone . "
Ardiel agreed it was an easy relationship right from the start , despite the distance between British Columbia , where she lived , and Florida , where he lived .
" We talked for hours on the phone , " she said .
" We could talk about anything and everything . "
Blossoming Relationship Leads to Border Troubles
They met for the first time in January 2007 when Ardiel flew to Florida , though Williams quickly pointed out that " I was already in love with her before I met her . "
But when he tried to reciprocate two months later , he was denied access at the border because of the DUI conviction , even though he's no longer on probation in the United States .
" We were really surprised , " Ardiel said .
They continued their long - distance romance and in October 2008 , Williams left his job as a chef to move to Washington State so Ardiel would n't have as far to travel .
He spent two months working as a day laborer and dishwasher , but the two were only 40 minutes apart .
Then he got a job as a steakhouse chef and with Ardiel driving down several times a week to visit , life seemed happy .
They married in a courthouse ceremony in Bellingham in April 2009 , jumping at the chance after learning all of Ardiel 's family would be in the area .
The couple told ABCNews.com that they had always intended to file the paperwork to allow both to travel freely back and forth and to eventually live together .
" At the time , we were n't really worried about that , " Williams said .
Ardiel said the two were waiting to save up the money to file for her citizenship -- some forms cost more than $ 1,000 in addition to legal retainers .
Then , on July 22 , she was stopped by border patrol on her way to visit Williams .
Her car was searched and the contents of her purse were emptied .
That 's where the border agent found her marriage certificate and determined Ardiel was a risk for illegal immigration .
" He looked at it and said , ' Yup , you 're not going across the border today , ' " she said .
The couple hired a lawyer and filed the first of the forms for Ardiel to get her green card .
That 's when they found out about the picnic table in the park .
" I get to hold her and talk to her and look into her eyes , which is amazing , " Williams said .
And Williams said he is beginning to look into when Canadian law will allow him into his wife 's country since he 's nearing the end of the five - year penalty .
Marriage Not a Free Pass to the United States
A foreigner is not automatically entitled to permanent residency simply for marrying an American , according to Paromita Shah , associate director of the National Immigration Project .
" That 's a very common misconception , " she said .
Though unfamiliar with the case of Williams and Ardiel , Shah said that even though Ardiel may have been entering the U.S. legally , her recent marriage could have easily piqued the interest of border patrol agents , especially if she did n't offer that information when questioned .
" When you do n't disclose that information , it can be used negatively against you , " she said .
Ardiel said the two have been extremely careful not to violate any laws , both out of a sense of responsibility and because her government job would be at stake .
" It was never ' I 'm not going to sneak across , ' " she said .
They still are n't decided where they want to live once they are allowed to be together .
Ardiel wants to keep her job as a 911 operator and would consider commuting from Bellingham if she can get dual citizenship .
The couple said their friends and family have been very supportive .
" They think it 's heartbreaking , " Williams said .
" And no one really understands why they 're doing this . "
This article was first published in Alternet .
Editor ’s Note :
The shocking transfer of public wealth to Wall Street ’s pockets is illustrated vividly in Mark Ames ’ article below , which covers some very disturbing recent events in Alabama , where billionaires and banks are squeezing the locals so hard that they ’re literally going bankrupt just for flushing their toilets , where violence and the threat of violence are reaching a boiling point and where even the Posse Comitatus Act is under threat .
One of this year ’s more disturbing stories that were ignored was the illegal Army occupation of Samson , Alab. , in March following a shooting spree that raged across two towns by a disgruntled worker , leaving 11 people dead .
As I wrote at the time , Michael McLendon , 27 , went on a killing rampage following years of relentless corporate exploitation and harassment against him , his mother ( whom he mercy - killed ) , and the entire rural Alabama region , which suffered like so many parts of rural America at the hands of billionaire goons like chicken oligarch Bo Pilgrim of Pilgrim ’s Pride notoriety .
One of the creepiest details to emerge in the shooting rampage were reports that troops from nearby Fort Rucker were brought into Samson and other surrounding areas to patrol the streets .
This is a clear violation of the Posse Comitatus Act , every freedom - loving American ’s worst nightmare .
And now , finally , the Army officially agrees that its occupation of the Alabama streets was illegal , according to an internal report the Associated Press got a hold of , following a Freedom of Information Act filing :
An Army investigation found that soldiers should not have been sent to man traffic stops in a small Alabama town after 11 people were killed in March during a shooting spree .
An Army report released to the Associated Press on Monday in response to a Freedom of Information Act request said the decision to dispatch military police to Samson from nearby Fort Rucker broke the law .
But an Army spokesman said no charges have been filed following the Aug. 10 report .
The report from the Department of Army Inspector General found the use of military personnel in Samson violated the Posse Comitatus Act , which prohibits federal troops from performing law - enforcement actions .
The names of those involved were redacted from the report .
According to the report , the officer ’s “ intent was to be a good Army neighbor and help local civilian authorities facing a difficult , unique tragedy affecting the local community .
There were no apparent adverse collateral effects to the support provided . ”
Indeed .
For a lot of Americans , the sight of troops occupying their towns is their worst nightmare come true — part of the reason that America came into existence was to create a country where this sort of thing would never happen , even if the Army ’s sole intent was to be a good neighbor and help old ladies cross the streets .
Strangely enough , there was almost no media coverage of the occupation — you had to rely on various right - wing outlets like CNSNews.com , whose article I blogged at the time , or the left - wing Democratic Underground .
But what even the right - wing anti-government people wo n’t report is the true reason why the Army was called out in the first place , something that goes right back to the cause of the shooting rampage : billionaire exploitation of the local Alabamans , not just by the chicken oligarch , but from higher up the predator food chain — Wall Street banking behemoth JP Morgan Chase .
You see , thanks to a combination of corporate - tax holidays ( which reduce local revenues ) , billionaire greed like the sort that bankrupted Pilgrim ’s Pride , and Wall Street investment - banking scams on places like Alabama that result in corrupted local officials and bankrupted municipalities , counties and states — now , there ’s no money left to fund local police forces , as the U.S. Army report reveals :
The soldiers arrived in the hours after the shootings , which stretched the town ’s tiny police force and county officers to the limit with several different crime scenes .
The report said troops were dispatched after the Geneva County Sheriff ’s Office and Samson Police requested assistance from Fort Rucker to relieve law enforcement at traffic checkpoints around the crime - scene area .
As I wrote earlier this year , Pilgrim ’s Pride hooked up with Wall Street to leverage itself into bankruptcy while enriching the executives ’ family and a handful of insiders at the expense of tens of thousands of Americans workers :
In 2006 , Pilgrim ’s Pride , then the second - largest chicken processor in the world , made a huge gamble that will seem familiar to anyone who ’s been following the financial crash : the company borrowed hundreds of millions of dollars , leveraging itself well beyond its means , in order to acquire a rival company and become the nation ’s No. 1 chicken processor , slaughtering 45 million chickens per week .
That might have given the executives a nice , big hard - on , but it also meant they would have to come up with more money to pay for all that debt .
So the company did do what every post - Reagan company has done and gotten away with : it made the workforce pay for the executives ’ bonuses .
That meant squeezing lower - middle - class workers for more work for less pay , or in Pilgrim ’s case , more work for no pay :
In August 2007 , the U.S. Department of Labor filed a lawsuit against Pilgrim ’s Pride accusing it of grossly undercompensating its employees .
That same year , 10,000 Pilgrim ’s Pride employees launched a class - action lawsuit demanding compensation for their work .
The damage extended well beyond Pilgrim ’s Pride ’s plants .
With bankruptcy came huge unpaid local tax bills , leading to further layoffs and reduced services for the already - beleaguered locals :
Suwannee County could be out about $ 2 million if Pilgrim ’s Pride does n’t pay its property - tax bill , according to property appraiser Lamar Jenkins .
The biggest taxpayer in the county filed for bankruptcy protection Dec. 1 .
Now it ’s not clear when — or if — the bill will be paid .
“ It ’s certainly going to put a hurt on the budget of the county , ” Jenkins told the [ Suwanee ] Democrat by phone Thursday .
Jenkins said the unpaid bill represents 7.4 percent of the money local schools get from property taxes ; 5.3 percent of county funds from that source ; and 8 percent of the money the Suwannee River Water Management District receives from local property - tax revenues .
A spokesman for Pilgrim ’s did not respond to a request for comment .
Bo Pilgrim , the head of Pilgrim ’s Pride , once told his Texas church that he was worth over $ 1 billion before the market crash , and he ’s still worth hundreds of millions .
His rapacity was boundless , and in the end it was the undoing of Pilgrim ’s Pride — not the Pilgrim family , mind you , which is still filthy disgusting rich , but the company is through .
Last month , 64 percent of Pilgrim ’s Pride was sold to JBS , a Brazilian beef giant , making it the largest meat company in the world , topping America ’s Tyson .
The American cattle industry tried to block the deal , which it says could result in the destruction of the American beef industry , but the Justice Department already approved JBS ’ takeover .
In the billionaires ’ Third World model for America , it makes awful sense that a Brazilian meat company would take control of a bankrupt , corrupt American chicken company .
For Wall Street and the billionaires , the more they destroy in America , the richer they get , consequences be damned .
And anyway , it ’s not like Pilgrim ’s Pride was a model of corporate responsibility while under American ownership ; just read some of the comments on this recent Reuters article :
Gilmer , Texas , Sep. 8 , 2009 — working as a supervisor in mt pleasant plant use to be injoyable , but lately they expect you to work 50/70 hours for no extra pay .
pilgrims pride does not care about family life just their money .
Everyone is afraid to say anything , because upper management may let you go with no warnning because you voiced your oppion robert , Carrollton , Ga. — i work carrollton , ga former goldkist plant we were goldkist 1 plant now we fill like we in pure hell working for pilgrim pride these people want you to kiss there ass and work three times hard for same money no rasied in two years old chicken farmer Doddridge , Ark . —
While I was raising chickens for Pilgrim ’s Pride , I became friends with many lower management employees of the company .
The manner in which they were terminated was just simply unmerciful .
While the growers had the brunt of the financial devastion , many that were nearing retirement were left with no prospects of employment in the near future .
I know some that have had to uproot their families and settle for a considerable more modest lifestyle with their retirement benefits in doubt after a number of years of employment .
It is just a shame that Bo Pilgrim has pocketed the money of many hard working people .
I still believe Bo needs to be in the jail cell next to Bernie Madoff .
The comments section is where you ’ll find the real , unvarnished , ungrammatical rage among America ’s cheated majority , because for the most part , people are too desperate and afraid to complain in public .
Bo Pilgrim ’s statue of himself at Pilgrim ’s Pride headquarters .
But here ’s the rub : Selling Pilgrim ’s Pride to a Brazilian meat monopoly does n’t mean things will get better for Alabamans .
Just weeks after the buyout was announced , Pilgrim ’s Pride closed another plant , this one in northern Alabama .
According to the AP :
A chicken - processing plant owned by Pilgrim ’s Pride Corp. is shutting down this week after almost six decades , putting more than 600 people out of work and creating ripples that will be felt all over town .
The city of almost 20,000 is preparing for the end of a relationship that began in 1952 when James Beasley founded Sweet Sue Poultry , which originally ran the plant .
Owners included Beatrice Foods and ConAgra before Pilgrim ’s Pride purchased the business in 2003 .
Which looks a lot like an even more depressing Pilgrim ’s Pride story from a few months earlier , this from rural Arkansas .
The town of Clinton filed a lawsuit in June against Pilgrim ’s Pride , accusing it of turning the town into a “ ghost town ” :
“ With its largest and sole remaining employer , Pilgrim ’s , now evacuated , the city faces a crisis of revenue , bond payments and economic devastation , and as a result of the Pilgrim ’s evacuation is threatened with becoming a modern - day ghost town , ” the lawsuit filed by the city said .
“ This serious economic situation is , however , a direct consequence of Pilgrim ’s illegal purpose in shuttering the Clinton plant and operations . ”
This story is repeated all over the rural South .
So guess who put together the deal that bankrupted Pilgrim ’s Pride ?
Lehman Bros. , the king of bankruptcy .
On the other side of the deal , serving Gold Kist , was Merrill Lynch , which also collapsed last year .
But Merrill ’s banker in the Pilgrim ’s Pride acquisition is still doing well , thank you very much .
In fact , he was recently hired by JPMorgan Chase as vice chairman of mergers and acquisitions .
Which makes perfect sense , because JPMorgan Chase has been laying waste to Alabama on a level that makes Pilgrim ’s Pride ’s destruction look downright humanitarian .
JP Morgan Chase has plundered so much wealth from one county in Alabama , using a complex derivatives scheme and old - fashioned bribery , that some locals are calling it “ Armageddon . ”
According to Bloomberg :
In its 190 - year history , Jefferson County , Ala. , has endured a cholera epidemic , a pounding in the Civil War , gunslingers , labor riots and terrorism by the Ku Klux Klan .
Now this namesake of Thomas Jefferson , anchored by Birmingham , is staring at what one local politician calls financial “ Armageddon . ”
The spectacle — a tax struck down , about 1,000 county employees furloughed , a politician indicted over $ 3 billion in sewer debt that may lead to the largest municipal bankruptcy in history — has elbowed its way up the ladder of county lore .
“ People want to kill somebody , but they do n’t know who to shoot at , ” says Russell Cunningham , past president of the Birmingham Regional Chamber of Commerce .
Jefferson County ’s debacle is a parable for billions of dollars lost by state and local governments from Florida to California in transactions done behind closed doors .
Selling debt without requiring competition made public officials vulnerable to bankers ’ sales pitches , leaving taxpayers to foot the bill for borrowing gone awry .
[ T ]he county bet on interest - rate swaps , agreements that a representative of New York - based JPMorgan Chase & Co. told commissioners could reduce their interest costs .
Instead , the swaps — covering more than $ 5 billion in all — blew up during the credit crisis after ratings for the county ’s bond insurers fell .
JPMorgan , through spokeswoman Christine Holevas , declined to comment for this story .
Yeah , why bother commenting to the public when you own the bastards ?
JPMorgan , which took $ 25 billion in direct bailout money and tens of billions more in backdoor subsidies and handouts , just posted a massive $ 3.6 billion quarterly profit , and has set aside at least $ 11.1 billion for management bonuses .
Meanwhile , Alabamans can’t afford to flush their toilets .
This is what inequality looks like .
From Wall Street , it must look extremely appealing ; for the rest of America , it ’s a nightmare that ’s only getting worse .
So far , it ’s clear that Birmingham and the entire Jefferson County are following the wretched script of a typical Third World scenario , where the Wall Street bankers corrupt the politicians and eventually bankrupt the place and then , while the corpse is still warm and the bankruptcy deals are cut , Wall Street makes sure it ’s first in line to profit off the chaos it created , while its corrupt local shill ( in this case Birmingham ’s mayor ) takes the fall for the crime of accepting the JP Morgan bribes … and the locals get screwed worst of all , paying off the bill for years or decades .
Just this week , it emerged that Goldman Sachs , employer of Brian “ Inequality Is Good ” Griffiths , bilked the state of New Jersey using a similar scheme involving interest - rate swaps on bonds that do n’t even exist .
According to Bloomberg , New Jersey is considering raising its gasoline tax to pay the $ 1 million a month they have to pay out to Goldman for the scam — a regressive tax that once again takes from the struggling middle class and poor , and puts in thepockets of the billionaires .
Meanwhile , over in Jefferson County , Ala. , there ’s so little left to steal from the impoverished locals that Wall Street has been forced to come up with a new , grotesquely evil plan to line their pockets : taxing the local residents for taking a shit :
In August , Bank of New York Mellon Corp. , as trustee for owners of about $ 3 billion in sewer warrants , filed suit in Jefferson County Circuit Court seeking an appointed receiver for the sewer system .
The receiver should have authority to raise rates enough to meet the debt service , the bank said in the complaint , which is pending .
The sewer system is already charging customers about 300 percent more to drain bathtubs or flush toilets than a dozen years ago .
By one county estimate , average annual bills are now about $ 750 , compared with the national average of $ 331 , according to a 2007 survey by the Washington , D.C. - based National Association of Clean Water Agencies , a coalition of utilities .
It ’s impossible to boost them enough without putting them beyond the means of many residents , County CommissionerJim Carns says .
“ We ’re like a guy making $ 50,000 a year with a $ 1 million mortgage . ”
In Wall Street ’s eyes , Alabamans really do shit gold .
The thing now will be to convince the locals to use their toilets rather than , say , gas to heat their homes .
As I wrote a few months ago , Jefferson County residents have become so desperate that they ’re being forced to choose between water and heating , as this article shows :
As nighttime temperatures plunged in Birmingham , Ala. , last October , Dora Bonner had a choice : either pay the gas bill so she could heat the home she shares with four grandchildren , or send the Birmingham Water Works a $ 250 check for her water and sewer bill .
Bonner , who is 73 and lives on Social Security , decided to keep the house from freezing .
“ I could n’t afford the water , so they shut it off , ” she says .
Bonner ’s sewer bills have risen more than fourfold in the past decade .
So have those of others in Jefferson County , which has 659,000 residents and includes Birmingham , the state ’s largest city .
The logical outcome of the billionaires ’ plundering of Alabama is the same thing that happens all over the Third World : violence , fear and calling in the troops , the only way to secure the billionaires ’ dirty profits :
In August and September … Jefferson County residents got a taste of what bankruptcy might look like .
As the county began putting about 1,000 workers on leave without pay , one disgruntled employee allegedly e-mailed bomb threats to officials and was promptly arrested , according to the Jefferson County Sheriff ’s Office .
Lines soon formed outside the courthouse as such tasks as renewing driver ’s licenses slowed .
A kind of legal civil war broke out when three county agencies — the sheriff ’s department , an indigent - care hospital and the tax - assessor ’s office — sued the county commission to stop the budget cuts on the grounds that they posed a danger to public safety .
Bettye Fine Collins , the commission president , declared the situation , “ our Armageddon . ”
The state ’s response is right out of the Central America banana republic playbook :
When there ’s no money left for the people , send in the troops .
The cuts in the sheriff ’s department budget were so severe that he was planning to call in the National Guard to keep order :
The sheriff in Alabama ’s most populous county may call for the National Guard to help maintain order , a spokesman said Tuesday , as a judge cleared the way for cuts in the sheriff ’s budget , and lawmakers reached a compromise they hope will end the budget crisis .
In light of all of this , the Army ’s brief , illegal occupation of a string of towns in Alabama this past spring no longer looks like a freak one - off , but rather a logical progression in the ongoing billionaire plunder of America .
It gives new meaning to what MSNBC host Dylan Ratigan is calling “ corporate communism . ”
Not only are banking billionaires on permanent state wealthfare , but even worse , as the wealth available becomes increasingly scarce and there is n’t enough left to satisfy the billionaires ’ grotesque appetites and regular citizens ’ needs to flush their toilets or heat their homes , we ’re heading to the point that all Third World countries come to — calling out the troops to ensure that the peasants pay their tithes to their absentee masters in New York and Connecticut and do n’t get all uppity like those Europeans .
Now you can see why Alabamans are loading up on so many weapons .
That makes sense .
Now they need to understand who the real enemy is .
Not the make - believe liberal bogeymen of their nightmares .
Rather , Alabamans should focus their anger on the real - world billionaires who are making this country a living hell .
This article first appeared in Alternet .
Mark Ames is the author of Going Postal : Rage , Murder and Rebellion from Reagan ’s Workplaces to Clinton ’s Columbine .
Click the cover & buy the book !
We made a video about how Google handles the robots .
txt file .
You can watch it if you want :
This answers a couple questions such as :
– Why is my url showing up in Google when I blocked it in robots .
txt ?
Did you fetch that url ?
– How do I make that url disappear from Google ?
I hope the video helps if you have questions .
3 ways to run Java main from Maven
Overview
Maven exec plugin lets you run the main method of a Java class in your project , with the project dependencies automatically included in the classpath .
This article show you 3 ways of using the maven exec plugin to run java , with code examples .
1 ) Running from Command line
Since you are not running your code in a maven phase , you first need to compile the code .
Remember exec : java does not automatically compile your code , you need to do that first .
mvn compile
Once your code is compiled , the following command runs your class
Without arguments :
mvn exec : java - Dexec.mainClass="com.vineetmanohar.module.Main "
With arguments :
mvn exec : java - Dexec.mainClass="com.vineetmanohar.module.Main " - Dexec.args = " arg0 arg1 arg2 "
With runtime dependencies in the CLASSPATH :
mvn exec : java - Dexec.mainClass="com.vineetmanohar.module.Main " - Dexec.classpathScope=runtime
2 ) Running in a phase in pom.xml
You can also run the main method in a maven phase .
For example , you can run the CodeGenerator. main ( ) method as part of the test phase .
< build > < plugins > < plugin > < groupId>org.codehaus.mojo</groupId > < artifactId>exec-maven-plugin</artifactId > < version > 1.1.1</version > < executions > < execution > < phase > test </ phase > < goals > < goal> java</goal > </ goals > < configuration > < mainClass>com.vineetmanohar.module.CodeGenerator</mainClass > < arguments > < argument > arg0</argument > < argument>arg1</argument > </ arguments > </ configuration > </ execution > </ executions > </ plugin > </ plugins > </ build >
To run the exec plugin with above configuration , simply run the corresponding phase .
mvn test
3 ) Running in a profile in pom.xml
You can also run the main method in a different profile .
Simply wrap the above config in the < profile > tag .
< profiles > < profile > < id>code- generator </id > < build > < plugins > < plugin > < groupId>org.codehaus.mojo</groupId > < artifactId>exec-maven-plugin</artifactId > < version > 1.1.1</version > < executions > < execution > < phase > test </ phase > < goals > < goal> java</goal > </ goals > < configuration > < mainClass>com.vineetmanohar.module.CodeGenerator</mainClass > < arguments > < argument > arg0</argument > < argument>arg1</argument > </ arguments > </ configuration > </ execution > </ executions > </ plugin > </ plugins > </ build > </ profile > </ profiles >
To call the above profile , run the following command :
mvn test - Pcode- generator
Advanced options :
You can get a list of all available parameters by typing :
mvn exec: help - Ddetail=true - Dgoal=java
arguments ( exec.arguments )
The class arguments .
classpathScope ( exec.classpathScope , Default : compile )
Defines the scope of the classpath passed to the plugin .
Set to compile , test , runtime or system depending on your needs
cleanupDaemonThreads ( exec.cleanupDaemonThreads )
Wether to interrupt / join and possibly stop the daemon threads upon quitting .
If this is false , maven does nothing about the daemon threads .
When maven has no more work to do , the VM will normally terminate any remaining daemon threads .
In certain cases ( in particular if maven is embedded ) , you might need to keep this enabled to make sure threads are properly cleaned up to ensure they do n't interfere with subsequent activity .
In that case , see daemonThreadJoinTimeout and stopUnresponsiveDaemonThreads for further tuning .
commandlineArgs ( exec.args )
Arguments for the executed program
daemonThreadJoinTimeout ( exec.daemonThreadJoinTimeout , Default : 15000 )
This defines the number of milliseconds to wait for daemon threads to quit following their interruption .
This is only taken into account if cleanupDaemonThreads is true .
A value < =0 means to not timeout ( i.e. wait indefinitely for threads to finish ) .
Following a timeout , a warning will be logged .
Note : properly coded threads should terminate upon interruption but some threads may prove problematic : as the VM does interrupt daemon threads , some code may not have been written to handle interruption properly .
For example java.util .
Timer is known to not handle interruptions in JDK <= 1.6 .
So it is not possible for us to infinitely wait by default otherwise maven could hang .
A sensible default value has been chosen , but this default value may change in the future based on user feedback .
executableDependency
If provided the ExecutableDependency identifies which of the plugin dependencies contains the executable class .
This will have the affect of only including plugin dependencies required by the identified ExecutableDependency .
If includeProjectDependencies is set to true , all of the project dependencies will be included on the executable 's classpath .
Whether a particular project dependency is a dependency of the identified Executable Dependency will be irrelevant to its inclusion in the classpath .
includePluginDependencies ( exec.includePluginDependencies , Default : false )
Indicates if this plugin's dependencies should be used when executing the main class .
This is useful when project dependencies are not appropriate .
Using only the plugin dependencies can be particularly useful when the project is not a java project .
For example a mvn project using the csharp plugins only expects to see dotnet libraries as dependencies .
includeProjectDependencies ( exec.includeProjectDependencies , Default : true )
Indicates if the project dependencies should be used when executing the main class .
mainClass ( exec.mainClass )
The main class to execute .
sourceRoot ( sourceRoot )
This folder is added to the list of those folders containing source to be compiled .
Use this if your plugin generates source code .
stopUnresponsiveDaemonThreads ( exec.stopUnresponsiveDaemonThreads )
Wether to call Thread.stop ( ) following a timing out of waiting for an interrupted thread to finish .
This is only taken into account if cleanupDaemonThreads is true and the daemonThreadJoinTimeout threshold has been reached for an uncooperative thread .
If this is false , or if Thread.stop ( ) fails to get the thread to stop , then a warning is logged and Maven will continue on while the affected threads ( and related objects in memory ) linger on .
Consider setting this to true if you are invoking problematic code that you can't fix .
An example is Timer which does n't respond to interruption .
To have Timer fixed , vote for this bug .
systemProperties
A list of system properties to be passed .
Note : as the execution is not forked , some system properties required by the JVM cannot be passed here .
Use MAVEN_OPTS or the exec:exec instead .
See the user guide for more information .
testSourceRoot ( testSourceRoot )
This folder is added to the list of those folders containing source to be compiled for testing .
Use this if your plugin generates test source code .
FAQ and Errors
Why do I get this error when specifying arguments to my main method :
[ ERROR ] BUILD ERROR [ INFO ]
------------------------------------------------------------------------
[ INFO ]
Failed to configure plugin parameters for : org.codehaus.mojo:exec-maven-plugin:1.1.1 on the command line , specify : '- Dexec.arguments=VALUE '
Cause : Cannot assign configuration entry ' arguments ' to ' class [ Ljava.lang .
String ; ' from ' $ {exec.arguments} ' , which is of type class java.lang .
String [ INFO ]
------------------------------------------------------------------------ [ INFO ] Trace org.apache.maven.lifecycle.LifecycleExecutionException : Error configuring : org.codehaus.mojo:exec-maven-plugin.
Reason : Unable to parse the created DOM for plugin configuration at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.DefaultLifecycleExecutor.executeGoals(DefaultLifecycleExecutor.java:588 ) at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.DefaultLifecycleExecutor.executeStandaloneGoal(DefaultLifecycleExecutor.java:513 ) at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.DefaultLifecycleExecutor.executeGoal(DefaultLifecycleExecutor.java:483 ) at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.DefaultLifecycleExecutor.executeGoalAndHandleFailures(DefaultLifecycleExecutor.java:331 ) at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.DefaultLifecycleExecutor.executeTaskSegments(DefaultLifecycleExecutor.java:292 ) at org.apache.maven.lifecycle.DefaultLifecycleExecutor.execute(DefaultLifecycleExecutor.java:142 ) at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.doExecute(DefaultMaven.java:336 ) at org.apache.maven.DefaultMaven.execute(DefaultMaven.java:129 ) at org.apache.maven.cli.MavenCli.main(MavenCli.java:301 )
Solution
exec.arguments was used before version 1.1 of the exec plugin , it did not support conversion of command line String to String [ ] array .
If possible upgrade to 1.1 or later and use exec.args instead of exec.arguments .
If you can't upgrade the plugin version , you can still use command line arguments with a profile and use multiple < argument > tags associated in the pom.xml
References
Related posts :
WHEN THE CHRYSLER car company released a new model of its Dodge Coronet in 1967 , the theme of its advertising campaign was the “ White Hat Special . ”
Some of the ads featured cartoon cowboys riding around “ keepin ’ the prices low , ” whereas others had the ubiquitous “ Dodge Girl ” in her signature white Stetson , chirping : “ Only the good guys could put together a deal like this . ”
These ads did not need any elaboration .
Madison
Avenue knew that potential buyers had all been raised on film and TV Westerns and were familiar with the symbolism of white hats .
Roy Rogers , Gene Autry , the Lone Ranger — these cinematic heroes wore white hats , and bad guys wore black .
It was all very simple .
Simple , but maybe not all that original .
The colors white and black have carried layers of moral meaning since long before Americans ’ infatuation with cowboys and automobiles .
Indeed , some scientists believe that our conception of blackness and sin may be entangled with a fundamental and ancient fear of dirt and contagion that remains deeply wired in our neurons today .
Mental Mismatch
Two University of Virginia psychologists recently decided to explore this provocative idea in the laboratory .
Gary D. Sherman and Gerald L. Clore wanted to know if common metaphors may be more than mere rhetorical devices , if in fact they might be deep embodiments of moral thinking .
They decided to test the link between white and virtue ( and black and sin ) as part of this larger question .
The psychologists adapted a reaction - time test from the 1930s called the Stroop test .
You may know it from the Internet , where it circulates as a kind of parlor game .
In the test the names of colors are printed in a mismatched color — say , the word “ blue ” may be yellow in hue — and you must very quickly indicate the color rather than the word ’s meaning .
The task is hard because our mind wants to read the word , and slow reaction time is taken as a sign of cognitive disconnect or conflict .
In Sherman and Clore ’s version of the Stroop , volunteers read not the names of colors but words with strong moral overtones : greed and honesty , for example .
Some of the words were printed in black and some in white , and they flashed rapidly on a screen .
As with the original Stroop , a fast reaction time was taken as evidence that a connection was mentally automatic and natural ; hesitation was taken as a sign that a connection did not ring true .
The researchers wanted to see if the volunteers automatically linked immorality with blackness , as in black ink , and virtue with whiteness .
And they did , so quickly that the connections could not possibly be deliberate .
When moral words were printed in white and immoral words in black , reaction time was significantly faster than when words of virtue were black and sin were white .
Just as we unthinkingly — almost unconsciously — “ know ” a lemon is yellow , we instantly know that sin and crime are black and that grace and virtue are white .
Dirt and Sin
Why would this intrinsic association exist ?
One possibility is that the metaphor is more complex , embodying not just right and wrong but purity and contagion , too .
Think of the metaphor “ new - fallen snow . ”
It is not only white , it is also virginal and unadulterated , like a wedding dress .
And blackness not only discolors it , it stains it , taints its purity .
With this in mind , the psychologists ran another experiment , adding this dimension of contagion , of feeling morally “ dirty . ”
They deliberately primed some volunteers ’ immoral thoughts by having them read a story about a self - serving , immoral lawyer and then compared them with volunteers primed for ethical thinking .
The idea was that people who were feeling morally dirty would be quicker to make the connection between immorality and blackness on the moral Stroop test , which is exactly what the researchers found .
And what ’s more , they found the link using much looser definitions of morality and immorality — including words such as dieting , gossip , duty , partying , helping , and so forth .
In other words , those primed for misbehavior linked blackness not only with crime and cheating but with being irresponsible , unreliable , self - centered slackers .
This result offers pretty convincing evidence in itself that the connection between black and bad is not just a metaphor we all have learned over the years , but rather it is deeply associated with our ancient fear of filth and contagion .
But Sherman and Clore wanted to look at the question yet another way .
If the association between sin and blackness really does reflect a concern about dirt and impurity , then this association should be stronger for people who are preoccupied with purity and pollution .
Such fastidiousness often manifests as personal cleanliness , and a proxy for personal cleansing might be the desire for cleaning products .
The researchers tested this string of psychological connections in a final study , again ending with the Stroop test .
The results were unambiguous .
As reported in the August issue of Psychological Science , those who expressed the strongest desire for an array of cleaning products were also those most likely to link morality with white and immorality with black .
But here is the really interesting part :
The only products to show such an association were Dove soap and Crest toothpaste , products for personal cleanliness .
Items such as Lysol and Windex did not activate the sin-blackness connection .
In short , concerns about filth and personal hygiene appear central to seeing the moral universe in black and white .
These findings have obvious implications for our understanding of racial prejudice .
Although scientists have not yet investigated whether people of different races perform the same way on the moral Stroop test , research on other types of unconscious associations has shown racial differences [ see “ Buried Prejudice , ” by Siri Carpenter ; Scientific American Mind , April / May 2008 ] .
As Sherman and Clore note , this country once had a “ one drop of blood ” rule , which meant that even a trace of African lineage “ tainted ” an otherwise white lineage .
These official practices may be gone , but this new study may help explain why black is linked to immorality and impurity on a fundamental level in many people ’s minds .
“ Bernard B. Kerik , a former New York police commissioner , pleaded guilty to eight felonies in a Federal District Court in White Plains on Thursday morning , ” the New York Times reports .
“ Mr. Kerik , who will be sentenced in February , faces 27 to 33 months in prison . ”
From the Times report :
Wearing a blue suit and a red tie , Mr. Kerik , with a subdued expression , appeared in the packed courtroom and said , “ Guilty , your honor , ” as each of the charge were read by Judge Stephen C. Robinson .
Throughout the 90 - minute proceeding , Mr. Kerik ’s lawyer , Michael F. Bachner , rubbed the defendant ’s back in support .
Mr. Kerik , 54 , pleaded guilty to two counts of tax fraud , one count of making a false statement on a loan application — the most serious — and five separate counts of making false statements to the federal government .
These last charges stemmed from statements Mr. Kerik made to the White House during the vetting process after the Bush administration nominated him to lead the Department of Homeland Security .
He later withdrew his name .
ADVERTISEMENT
The New York Daily News notes that Kerik has become “ the first NYPD Commissioner in city history to admit he ’s a felon . ”
“ Robinson warned Kerik that the maximum sentence for the counts to which he was pleading was 61 years in prison ; the judge said he was not bound by the terms of the plea agreement , ” the Associated Press reports .
“ Kerik said he understood and told the judge he was giving up his right to appeal . ”
The former police chief faced 142 years in jail and fines of almost five million dollars if convicted on all the charges .
Kerik was accused of secretly accepting more than 250,000 dollars in renovations to his apartment from a construction firm with suspected mafia ties while he was Corrections Department commissioner under Giuliani .
Kerik , who pleaded guilty in a state court last year to accepting the work , was also accused of not declaring a total of 236,000 dollars in rent he received on an luxury apartment in New York ’s posh Upper East Side .
ADVERTISEMENT
Other payments allegedly not declared include a total of 100,000 dollars received from a software company and a book publisher .
He was also accused of making false statements at the time he was being considered as head of the US Department of Homeland Security in 2004 .
Kerik , who once served as Giuliani ’s chauffeur and bodyguard , rose through the ranks of the police department to become police commissioner , enjoying hero status in the wake of the September 11 , 2001 attacks .
ADVERTISEMENT
He went on to help train Iraq ’s fledgling police force after the US - led invasion in 2003 .
( with AFP report )
“ Most screenwriters are unemployed , chronically unemployed . ”
Screenwriter Tom Lazarus ( Stigmata )
Secrets of Film Writing
“ It ’s either very lucrative and exciting , or nothing . ”
Screenwriter Anthony Peckham ( Invictus ) on screenwriting
( Note : Though this post is now several years old it continues to get solid hits because it ’s such a basic question .
I ’ve chosen not to update the NFL references because that ’s a continually moving target .
Just exchange the names for the current hot players of whatever year you ’re reading this post . )
When people think of how much professional football players make they tend to focus on the big numbers .
Brett Favre ’s $ 20 million dollar one year contract with the Minnesota Vikings .
Payton Manning ’s $ 99.2 million seven year contract with the Indianapolis Colts .
But the truth is most rookies in the NFL earn around $ 300,000 per year .
Deduct taxes , agent fees , a down payment on a house , and an expensive sports car or two and there ’s not that much left .
( Relatively speaking , of course . )
Then factor in that most pro football careers last less than four years ( NFL= Not For Long ) and you can see why the majority of players who play in the NFL really have under a million dollars to their name when they retire .
And when you factor in a history of NFL players making bad investment decisions it ’s not hard to understand why so many end up filing for bankruptcy when their short careers are over .
( Hence , the ESPN documentary Broke . )
Often when people think of Hollywood writers they tend to once again think of the multi-million dollar deals .
( Like Basic Instinct banking Joe Eszterhas $ 3 million — back in the early 90s . )
But the truth is most writers ( factoring both union and non-union ) wo n’t make any money this year from their writings .
( According to the Writer ’s Guide of America - West ( WGAW ) recent report , of the 8,129 union members in 2007 3,775 were unemployed . )
Depending on different sources working WGAw members seem to average between $ 40,000 - $ 110,000 .
per year .
( Key word there is “ working ” WGAw members . )
Factor in the cost of living where most writers live ( New York & L.A. ) and that ’s probably about the earning power of ( just a wild guess ) $ 20,000 - 65,000 .
in much of the country .
On the film side a good rule of thumb is scripts can make up between 2 - 5 % of the total budget .
So on a $ 50 million dollar film that could be as much as $ 2.5 million .
( The highest paid spec script to date I believe is $ 5 million to M. Night Shyamalan for Unbreakable , though that may have included his directing fee . )
But it also means on a $ 200,000 indie film could mean the screenwriter was paid $ 4,000 .
( And independent films make up the majority of the 500 or so feature films made per year . )
“ When you ’re not in the [ WGA ] you ’re just grateful for anything that ’ll you give you a month of rent or a couple months of rent .
My first couple of jobs were New York independent things …of course , there was n’t a lot of money for an untested writer .
So if somebody had read some things you ’d written , or a play you ’d written , or a script you ’d written on spec then sometimes you ’d get paid 5,000 bucks , if you ’re lucky , on a good day maybe 10,000 bucks . ”
Screenwriter Chris Terrio ( Argo ) taking about getting his start on DP/30
Of course , what screenwriters make globally will vary greatly .
In Nigeria — Nollywood — they are making a lot of movies , but most budgets are sub -$ 100,000 .
And even in Hollywood what screenwriters make will vary .
At the top of the Hollywood feature film food chain are working WGA writers who generate writing income several ways .
Nailing down those exact numbers is hard , but this is how the top screenwriters can make $ 100,000 or $ 200,000 a week and millions over the course of the year :
— Writing assignment ( developing new script from book , article , or an idea )
— Punch - up a script ( take an existing script and add action and make it more dynamic , tweak the dialogue , and / or add humor to make funnier )
— One to three week polish of a script
— Page one re-write .
Take an existing screenplay that has promise , but needs a lot of work , and make it a script worth producing .
— Residuals ( DVD / Blu - Ray / digital sales , Tv and foreign rights )
— Speaking ( college and corporate work )
— Spec work ( selling a screenplay without a deal from a producer or studio )
— Story meetings ( A gathering of writers to kick around story concepts .
Seen by some as a negative direction for the industry , as it ’s the equivalent of kicking tires . )
On the TV side writers can be paid per script or as a staff writer .
The highest paid are the ones who create a hit network show and stay on as producer / writers .
If that show stays on the air for five years and goes into syndication then they can afford to buy a small tropical island .
( Largely based on the success of the TV show Seinfeld , Jerry Seinfeld ’s net worth is in the hundreds of millions — and maybe over a billion dollars by the time you read this . )
A good gig if you can land it , but that does n’t describe most TV writers .
“ On balance , television writers today are the highest - paid practitioners of the literary profession in history .
But mark the phrase on balance .
If you can sell two one - hour scripts per year , which is a pretty good average for a freelance writer , that ’s about $ 40,000 per year , before taxes .
That figure is comparable to or less than the yearly average of elementary school teachers and considerably less than plumbers .
The majority of working writers fall into this financial category .
It ’s only when you get the top 5 to 10 percent that you find writers and hyphenates who routinely earn six figures a year or more . ”
J. Michael Stracznski , writer / producer
( Babylon 5 , Changeling )
The Complete Book of Screenwriting
Granted that book was published in 1996 ( and I think the minimum range for a 90 minute or less story & teleplay these days is around $ 30,000 .*) but in a world of reality TV programing there is less scripted work being produced .
( I know there are a lot fewer soap operas being produced than in 1996 . )
“ In 24 hours , NBC has just three hours of dramas and comedies .
And , on some nights those make way for Dateline or Deal No Deal . ”
Charles B. Solcum
Written By , August / September 2009
page 19
I have a writer friend with network credits in L.A. who was recently offered a job on a cable TV program that would pay her just a little more than her unemployment benefits .
When you live in a land where rent is $ 1,500 - 3000 .
per month these are trying times .
One more reason to live outside L.A. , right ?
Screenwriter John August recently wrote an excellent post
What ’s wrong with the business where he addressed some of these issues .
I ’ve quoted from that article before , but this is worth repeating because the industry is changing and the young , creative people coming up are going to embrace the changes ;
“ To become one of those inventors of industry , you need to surround yourself with similarly ambitious people .
Film school is a good choice , but so is living and working in the right neighborhood in Silverlake or Brooklyn or Austin — or more likely , a place I would n’t even realize is a hotbed . ”
Screenwriter John August
( Big Fish , Corpse Bride )
Could that hotbed be a place like Des Moines , Iowa ?
Steven Spielberg thinks so .
He told Katie Couric on the NBC Today Show back in 1999 , “ I think that the Internet is going to effect the most profound change on the entertainment industries combined .
And we ’re all gonna be tuning into the most popular Internet show in the world , which will be coming from some place in Des Moines . ”
Wait a minute , did n’t John August go to Drake University in Des Moines ?
That Spielberg is a genius , you know ?
And did n’t Diablo Cody go to school in Iowa City ?
If John August and Diablo Cody ever move back to Iowa then you know that this blog will at least be assured a small footnote in the history of screenwriting .
I would n’t bet on that anytime soon , but I would bet that within ten years places now known more for football like Minnesota & Indianapolis ( as well as Detroit , Austin , Atlanta , Memphis…and , of course , Cedar Falls ) will see writers and filmmakers rise up ( and stay put ) as they embrace the digital revolution and the opportunities it brings .
Related Post : Investing in Screenwriting .
( I have a quote in there by Max Adams who explains how a $ 500,000 .
feature script option can really translate to a mere $ 3,500 .
per year for the writer who worked on that script . )
* To see current Writers Guild of America ’s Theatrical and Television Basic Agreement visit the WGA - West website .
Update 12/09 : Since this is a popular post as far as views I will update it from time to time and welcome your input on correcting any numbers .
While reading over the WGAw report I made another connection between screenwriting & the NFL .
On the film side there were 1,553 male writers employed in the last year of the report .
That ’s about 150 less writers than players in the NFL any given year .
If you ’re a female writer it just gets harder as they make up just 24 % of all members in the guild .
I do n’t write these stats to discourage you but to help you know how solid your writing has to be to make a living doing this .
And to also encourage you to keep your eyes open for alternative ways to earn a living in film , TV , and the Internet .
Update 3/12/10 : Just read on Scott Myers ’ blog Go Into The Story that the average production worker salary in the motion picture and tv industry is $ 74,400 a year .
Update 5/14/10 : Residuals are another way film and TV writers get paid .
I once worked with an actress who had worked on a popular TV show back in the day who told me she made $ 40,000 a year in residuals .
A nice base .
Check out the post Question :
Do screenwriters get a percentage on the back end ? by Scott Myers .
Update 11/08/10 : Interesting article about football player ( Keith Fitzhugh ) who turns down NFL offer to keep his train conductor job .
Update 1/15/11 : “ Let ’s talk money , because no one ever does .
A top tier screenplay deal these days might be for a million dollars or more .
Most are far , far less , but let ’s work with those crazy high numbers , in fact let ’s say 2 million dollars , though nobody is paying that any more .
Wow that ’s a lot of money .
But consider .
With a writing partner , that gets cut down to $ 1,000,000 . , and after taxes , lawyers , agents , managers , and the WGA , let ’s hope you get to keep $ 400,000 .
That ’s still a truckload of money , life changing , but they do n’t give you that all at once .
It might take six months to a year just to get the contract done , and the deal is contingent on the film going into production , and if it does that might take a year or three or five , and also the WGA has to grant full credit at the end of it all , which often does n’t happen .
But let ’s say it all goes well , which means the ‘ highest paid screenwriter in history ’ is actually taking home around $ 200,000 .
a year , at least on that one deal .
Which is good money , real good money , more than I ever imagined making , and let me tell you I do own a dream home in the hills … but it ’s not in the fly - a - Learjet - to - your - own - private - island - in - the - Caribbean category . ”
Screenwriter Terry Rossio ( Shrek & Pirates of the Caribbean )
Interview with John Robert Marlow
Update 2/11/11
“ For every writer I know that lives high on the hog I know twenty who buy their bacon at Costco . ”
Josh Friedman ( War of the Worlds )
And this from the book Power Screenwriting :
“ The truth is , the odds of writing and selling a screenplay are probably just as great as winning the state lottery or the next Publisher ’s Clearing House Sweepstakes .
Yet , with the emphasis directed towards the big bucks sale , the aspiring screenwriter may be deprived of one of the greatest transformational processes known to man : spinning a well - told story . ”
Michael Chase Walker
Update 3/24/11 : “ Most writers never sell scripts .
Why should you be any different ? ”
Christopher Lockhart who is the Story Editor for WME
From the post The Right Stuff on his blog THE INSIDE PITCH .
Update 5/29/11 : This is the WGA ’s current minimum basic agreement ( MBA ) for a screenplay purchase :
Between $ 500,000 & $ 1.2 million budget : $ 42,930
Between $ 1.2 million and $ 5 million : $ 42,930
Between $ 5 million or more : $ 87,879
Keep in mind those are union numbers — and minimun numbers at that .
( Top writers making much , much more than scale . )
But if a non-union company buys your script expect less .
If you wrote the screenplay with another writer cut those numbers in half , and of course , deduct for taxes , lawyers , agents , etc .
Update 7/6/11 :
This post is by far the most viewed post of all time on this blog and you may enjoy this post today from Scott Myers on his blog Go Into The Story : Reader Question :
How much does a top screenwriter get paid for a rewrite ?
Update 11/08/11 : “ Most writers are middle class ; 46 % did not even work last year .
Of those who do work , one quarter make less than $ 37,700 a year and 50 % make less than $ 105,000 a year .
Over a five year period of employment and unemployment , a writer ’s average income is $ 62,000 per year . ”
Writers Guild of America , West
Update 2/22/12 : Bureau of Labor Statistics in May of 2010 listed the mean annual wage for writers ( including screenwriters ) and authors at $ 65,960 ( with $ 109,440 being in the 9o percentile ) .
Update 12/11/13 : Even though this post is now four years old it continues to get steady hits and is by far the most viewed post I ’ve ever written .
But I ’d like you to take the time to jump over to the post and read what Oscar - winning screenwriter Michael Arendt has to say about what I call The 99 % Focus Rule .
And a positive thing that ’s happened since I originally posted this is quality cable TV has exploded — as well as groups like Netflix producing their own programs — opening up new opportunities and a broader income stream for writers .
Update 6/11/17 : While this post was on how much screenwriters get paid in the U.S. , I should at least touch on the various ways writers can get paid for their work .
This seems to be the core areas :
Spec script ( You do n’t get paid to write unless the script sells . )
Writing assignment ( A writer is asked to write the script . )
Open assignment ( Where several writers are asked to come in a pitch their take on what they ’d do with a concept and one of the writers is chosen . )
Rewrite / polish ( Could be as short as one day , but one to three weeks seems to be common .
Enough time to take a script in various stages of either pre-production , production , and post - production and work your magic .
Punch up the humor , tighten the structure , round out a character — something that makes the script better .
I ’ve heard the numbers between $ 100,000 - $ 500,000 a week tossed around so that ’s great money for those who get that kind of work .
( Though the WGA minimum for a polish is in the $ 12,000 range when I last checked . )
And it could also be a page one rewrite where a studio or production company likes a basic concept of a script the bought , but it needs a complete overhaul before it goes into production .
Staff Writers on network on cable TV shows
Residuals Backend money that comes from things like DVD sales and when a feature plays on TV .
Jerry Seinfeld has made hundreds of millions of dollars as the co-creator of Seinfeld which has made an estimated $ 3 billon in syndication .
So if you really want to make a killing as a writer the gold at the end of the rainbow is having a hit TV show .
Closing thought : “ There ’s more to life than a little money , you know ?
… Do n’t you know that ? ”
Sheriff Marge Gunderson in Fargo
Written by Ethan Coen & Joel Coen
Scott W. Smith
Irradiating nitrobenzene in the presence of a fullerene catalyst yields nearly 100 % aniline .
Text Size A A
Fullerenes can catalyze hydrogenation of organic compounds as effectively as metals can , according to a study by researchers in China ( J. Am. Chem .
Soc. , DOI : 10.1021/ja9061097 ) .
The discovery may lead to replacing precious - metal catalysts with carbon - based substitutes , which could reduce costs and the environmental effects of heavy - metal pollutants .
Transition - metal catalysts lie at the heart of global - scale hydrogenation processes , such as the ones used to refine crude oil and to synthesize the common fertilizer ammonia .
Nonmetal hydrogenation catalysts could provide industry with substantial cost savings .
But such catalysts typically require high temperatures and pressures or are ineffective at mediating hydrogenations with molecular hydrogen ; they work instead with other hydrogen sources .
Now , Nanjing University chemists Baojun Li and Zheng
Xu report that nitroaromatic compounds are readily and selectively hydrogenated to aromatic amines by molecular hydrogen under mild conditions in the presence of a fullerene catalyst .
Specifically , the team finds that bubbling hydrogen at atmospheric pressure through a room - temperature solution of nitrobenzene containing a small quantity of C 60 , while irradiating the reagents with ultraviolet light , yields aniline in nearly 100 % yield .
That level of catalytic performance is considered the hallmark of noble metals such as palladium and platinum .
The reaction runs well without UV radiation but requires higher temperature and pressure , the team notes .
For example , a 2:1 mixture of neutral and anionic forms of C 60 also leads to nearly 100 % yield of aniline but requires raising the temperature above 120 °C and the pressure to about 4 megapascals .
The group reports that C 70 gives similar results .
“ These results are quite interesting ” and are likely to catch the attention of researchers in many fields , including green chemistry , says Yoshiaki Nishibayashi , a chemistry professor at the University of Tokyo .
The exact role of the fullerenes remains unclear and needs to be explored for further development of new catalysts , he adds .
Reverse entry drift --
Click above to view the video after the jump
You know the famous soccer announcer ( football to you internationals ) , Andrés Cantor , who screams " Goooooaaaallllll " after a score ?
A bit of performance genius has had some Japanese drift announcers overcome in similar ecstasy .
When M. Kawabata launched his Nissan S13 ( a 240 SX to us Yanks ) into the corner , he threw the car around so quickly the rear end enters the turn first -- and then he kept it under control .
It 's being called " drifting history " and " the perfect drift " and " the best drift ever . "
Make the jump to see the vid and judge for yourself .
[ Source : Tampa Sports Car Examiner via Car Domain
Book Review A The Name Of The Wind Author Patrick Rothfuss Publisher Daw
The Name Of The Wind is quite simply the best fantasy novel of the past 10 years , although attaching a genre qualification threatens to damn it with faint praise .
Say instead that The Name Of The Wind is one of the best stories told in any medium in a decade .
Author Patrick Rothfuss teaches English at the University of Wisconsin - Stevens Point , and he describes himself in self - deprecating terms as a perpetual student , role - playing geek , and connoisseur of rejection letters .
That 's all about to change .
His debut novel combines the intricate stories - within - stories structure of The Arabian Nights with the academic setting of the Harry Potter series , and transforms it all into a brooding , thoroughly adult meditation on how heroism went wrong .
More entries in the series , dubbed " The Kingkiller Chronicle , " are promised ; they can't appear fast enough .
Advertisement
Rothfuss ' protagonist initially appears as a village innkeeper named Kote .
But when the spider - like Chandrian , demonic beings long relegated to myth , reappear near his town , a Chronicler suspects that Kote is actually the legendary hero Kvothe , and visits to demand his history .
The bulk of the novel is the first part of that history , Kvothe 's first - person account of his upbringing in a traveling theatrical troupe , his tutelage in the ways of sympathy — natural magic — by an arcanist who joins the band , the death of his parents at the hands of the Chandrian , and his education at the university where he masters the techniques of sympathy , has his heart broken by a melancholy courtesan , and begins to learn the deepest magic of secret names .
All this is preface to the revenge he hopes to exact on the creatures who killed his family , yet the rich digressions make for compelling stories on their own : Kvothe 's escalating feud with a nobly born student , his dangerous debt to a loan shark to pay for his tuition , the risks he runs to gain access to the library for his Chandrian research after being banned on his first day for carrying a flame into the stacks .
Fantasy is often considered an adolescent medium , but there 's nothing juvenile about Kvothe or his story .
Not only does Rothfuss sprinkle in the occasional vulgarity ( in one bracing moment , Kvothe 's beloved blurts out " it 's a goddamn huge dragon and it's going to come over here and eat us " ) , but the aura of tragedy that hovers over this bright , crowded coming - of - age tale conveys a fully mature world - weariness and loss of hope .
Shelve The Name Of The Wind beside The Lord Of The Rings , The Deed Of Paksenarrion , and The Wheel Of Time — and look forward to the day when it 's mentioned in the same breath , perhaps as first among equals .
The Kihansi spray toad is now considered to be extinct in the wild More than a third of species assessed in a major international biodiversity study are threatened with extinction , scientists have warned .
Out of the 47,677 species in the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species , 17,291 were deemed to be at serious risk .
These included 21 % of all known mammals , 30 % of amphibians , 70 % of plants and 35 % of invertebrates .
Conservationists warned that not enough was being done to tackle the main threats , such as habitat loss .
" The scientific evidence of a serious extinction crisis is mounting , " warned Jane Smart , director of the International Union for the Conservation of Nature 's ( IUCN ) Biodiversity Conservation Group .
At what point will society truly respond to this growing crisis ?
Professor Jonathan Baillie ,
Zoological Society of London
In pictures : Threatened species " The latest analysis ... shows that the 2010 target to reduce biodiversity loss will not be met , " she added .
" It 's time for governments to start getting serious about saving species and make sure it's high on their agendas for next year , as we are rapidly running out of time . "
The Red List , regarded as the most authoritative assessment of the state of the planet 's species , draws on the work of thousands of scientists around the globe .
The latest update lists amphibians as the most seriously affected group of organisms on the planet , with 1,895 of the 6,285 known species listed as threatened .
Of these , it lists 39 species as either " extinct " or " extinct in the wild " .
A further 484 are deemed " critically endangered " , 754 " endangered " and 657 " vulnerable " .
The Kihansi Spray Toad ( Nectophyrnoides asperginis ) is one species that has seen its status change from critically endangered to extinct in the wild .
It was only found in the Kihamsi Falls area of Tanzania , but its population had crashed in recent years from a high of an estimated 17,000 individuals .
Conservationists suggest that the rapid decline was primarily the result of of a dam being constructed upstream from the toads ' habitat , which resulted in a 90 % reduction in the flow of water .
" In our lifetime , we have gone from having to worry about a relatively small number of highly threatened species to the collapse of entire ecosystems , " observed Professor Jonathan Baillie , director of conservation programmes at the Zoological Society of London ( ZSL ) .
" At what point will society truly respond to this growing crisis ? "
The updated data from the 2009 Red List is being made publicly available on the IUCN website on Tuesday .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Honey , call the exorcist .
Basement Cat is possessing our toaster ... again .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Despite some recent signs that the recession probably ended this summer , the employment news for men sure has n't gotten any better , and actually continued to worsen in August .
The
BLS employment report
today shows that the Great Mancession deepened to an unprecedented level in August , as male unemployment jumped by almost a half percent to 10.9 % ( from 10.5 % in July ) compared to the .10 % increase for women , from 8.1 % in July to 8.2 % in August .
The new male - female jobless rate gap of 2.7 % in August ( 10.9 % male vs. 8.2 % female ) sets a new record for the highest gender jobless rate gap in either direction , as well a record for the highest male - female gap in BLS history back to 1948 ( see chart below ) .
There were some months in the 1960s and 1970s when the female jobless rate exceeded the male jobless rate by 2.5 % , and there was a 2.5 % male - female jobless rate gap in May , but the 2.7 % male - female gap in August sets a new historical record .
The chart above shows how the male - female jobless rate gap during the most recent recession compares to the 1990 - 91 and 2001 recessions , and it 's not even close .
Following the 2001 recession the male - female jobless rate gap reached a peak of 0.9 % in July 2003 , and following the 1990 - 91 recession the maximum gap was 1.1 % in January 1992 .
Therefore , the 2.7 % gap in August is exactly 3 times the .90 % gap in 2002 , almost 3 times the 1992 gap .
Another way to see how bad the current employment situation is for men is that the August jobless rate of 10.9 % is just slightly below the highest - ever male rate of 11.2 % in December 1982 by only 0.30 % .
For women , the current rate of 8.2 % is n't even close yet to the highest - ever female jobless rate of 10.4 % in December 1982 .
I am 14 and in grade 9 , the only tv with digital cable is in our basement , we get some foreign channels ( My parents are Italian ) and every night at 2 they show european softcore pornography which is VERY hot .
( Think beautiful nakedmodels swimming and kissing each other in marble mansion pools ) .
It is the highlight of my day ,
When I went downstairs for my daily treat I found my mom asleep on the couch , I should have went to sleep but I could n't help but quickly check out the channel and it was 7 women kissing each other in a shower completely nude .
I was so turned on that I could n't help but masturbate , I made sure to glance at my mom every 5 seconds to make sure she was asleep and kept my hand on her calf so I could stop if she started to wake up .
I finished as quickly as I could ( cup and slurp ) and then change the channel and sprint upstairs .
I am worried she saw me however as she has been acting very weird and nervous around me and seems to be avoiding me , although this cpuld be all in my head .
How can I tell if she did catch me without asking her and if she did how can I make this up to her and her not be so weirded out with me ?
Peter ’s
Pence is the name given to the financial support offered by the faithful to the Holy Father as a sign of their sharing in the concern of the Successor of Peter for the many different needs of the Universal Church and for the relief of those most in need .
For more information , visit : www.obolodisanpietro.va
At any time you can send your offering to :
His Holiness Pope Francis - 00120 Città del Vaticano
Current Bank Account :
FinecoBank S.p.A .
IT 96 J 03015 03200 USD023501166
SWIFT : UNCRITMM
BIC beneficiary : FEBIITM1
Beneficiary : Obolo di San Pietro ( Peter ’s Pence ) ( Please state your name , your surname and your full address )
Donations can be made by check to “ Obolo di San Pietro ” and sent to the following mail address :
TORONTO ( Fortune ) --
Not even Franz Kafka could have dreamed this one up .
This past spring , prime ministers Stephen Harper of Canada and Mirek Topolanek of the Czech Republic met with European Union mandarins from Brussels .
The setting was Prague 's medieval castle -- made famous by Kafka in what is perhaps the darkest novel in his moody oeuvre -- where they hatched a plan for the biggest free - trade deal of the 21st century .
How could a development of this magnitude result from a fairly routine conference between Canada and the EU ?
( At the time , the Czech Republic was responsible for the trading bloc 's presidency , which rotates between member states every six months . )
The short answer is that after decades of spinning their wheels , Canada and the EU finally agreed to begin negotiating a free - trade agreement ( FTA ) .
That 's far from a Bond - villain plot for world domination .
But fast forward to last week in Ottawa , Canada , where the first round of Canada - EU negotiations reached a successful conclusion , with both sides optimistic that a deal can be signed as early as the summer of 2010 .
When that happens , a push will begin for the ultimate goal behind the Prague agreement : a NAFTA - EU trade zone to counterbalance the growing economic power of Fortress Asia , and the ascendancy of the so - call BRIC ( Brazil , Russia , India , China ) group of countries .
" The U.S. will lose its leadership position in trade unless it comes up with a new strategy , " says Steven Schrage , a specialist in international business at the Center for Strategic and International Studies ( CSIS ) in Washington .
" It makes sense to integrate NAFTA with the EU . "
Annual two - way trade between Canada and EU is about $ 100 billion , less than 20 % of the total between Canada and the U.S. under NAFTA .
But a trans -Atlantic NAFTA - EU trade zone would encompass nearly 1 billion people and account for $ 35.2 trillion in annual GDP , more than half the world 's total .
Elimination of tariffs is only one piece of the free - trade puzzle .
" The largest benefits will come from economic integration , " says Jayson Myers , president of Canadian Manufacturers & Exporters ( CME ) , the country 's largest trade and industry association .
By that he means increased foreign direct investment , improved labor mobility and full access to government procurement .
By comparison the combined GDP of the 10 - member ASEAN ( Association of Southeast Asian Nations ) , China and India was $ 7 trillion in 2008 , according to the International Monetary Fund .
That does not seem like an imminent threat to the economic supremacy of the West , but Asia is not standing still .
Some 140 bi-lateral FTAs have been signed in the region over the past decade .
Most significantly ASEAN and China are moving towards significant tariff reductions by 2010 .
Also , India is set to join this burgeoning trade bloc after signing an FTA with ASEAN earlier this year , which would create a trade zone of nearly 3 billion people over the next decade .
Goldman Sachs estimates that by 2050 the world 's three biggest economies will be China , the U.S. and India in that order , compared to the U.S. , Japan and Germany today .
That represents a clear shift away from the G7 .
A NAFTA - EU trade deal will likely be met with stiff opposition .
" It will be a difficult sell in the U.S. , " says senior economist Many Grauman with CIBC World Markets in Toronto , noting Canada is much more dependent on exports for economic growth than its biggest trading partner .
An FTA with Europe may be a hard sell , but a union of existing trade blocs is likely inevitable , says Schrage of CSIS , who has held senior positions with the U.S. State Department and helped negotiate top - level agreements with G8 nations .
He points out that the preceding Bush administration had a NAFTA - EU deal on its radar , but failed to make progress .
" The ball is in the Obama administration 's court , " says Schrage .
" If they want this to happen , they can move rapidly . "
The World Trade Organization 's efforts to lower trade barriers under the Doha round of talks has hit a wall .
The main reason is that developed countries led by the EU , U.S. and Japan cannot come to an agreement on new rules governing agriculture and industrial tariffs with major developing countries such as India , Brazil and China .
Failure of the WTO provides an added incentive for the West to forge closer economic ties .
However with protectionist sentiment in the U.S. gaining momentum , helped in part by President Obama 's controversial Buy - American position , getting the world 's biggest economy to expand its free - trade frontier could be an uphill battle .
At least for the near term .
Barack is Too Busy Obama Cancels Plans to Attend Berlin Wall Anniversary
US President Barack Obama has shelved his plans to attend festivities marking the 20th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall .
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will reportedly take his place at the Nov. 9 celebrations .
In his now infamous blog post “ The Duct Tape Programmer ” , Joel Spolsky quoted Jamie Zawinski from my interview with him in Coders at Work talking about how they did n’t use many unit tests when developing Netscape .
“ Uncle Bob ” Martin , chiming in to say that Spolsky posting was right in general but wrong in almost all his specific claims and criticisms , was particularly riled by Spolsky ’s implication that maybe unit tests are n’t 100 % necessary at all times :
As for Joel ’s consistent dismissal of unit testing , he ’s just wrong about that .
Unit testing ( done TDD style ) does not slow you down , it speeds you up .
One day I hope Joel eventually realizes this .
Programmers who say they do n’t have time to write tests are living in the stone age .
They might as well be saying that man was n’t meant to fly .
Tim Bray also jumped in to strongly agree with Uncle Bob on the importance of unit tests , though he could n’t bring himself to actually agree with much else Uncle Bob said .
Joel is wrong to piss on unit testing , and buys into the common fantasy that it slows you down .
It does n’t slow you down , it speeds you up .
It ’s been a while since I ’ve run a dev team , but it could happen again .
If it does , the developers will use TDD or they ’ll be looking for another job .
Since this all started from the Zawinski interview in Coders at Work and since there were other people interviewed for the book , I figured it might be interesting to see what some of the other folks I talked to had to say about unit testing and things like TDD ( “ test driven development ” or sometimes “ test driven design ” , for those of you behind on your acronyms . )
To start with , here ’s a bit more context from the Zawinski interview :
Seibel :
What about developer - level tests like unit tests ?
Zawinski : Nah .
We never did any of that .
I did occasionally for some things .
The date parser for mail headers had a gigantic set of test cases .
Back then , at least , no one really paid a whole lot of attention to the standards .
So you got all kinds of crap in the headers .
And whatever you ’re throwing at us , people are going to be annoyed if their mail sorts wrong .
So I collected a whole bunch of examples online and just made stuff up and had this giant list of crappily formatted dates and the number I thought that should turn into .
And every time I ’d change the code I ’d run through the tests and some of them would flip .
Well , do I agree with that or not ?
Seibel : Did that kind of thing get folded into any kind of automated testing ?
Zawinski :
No , when I was writing unit tests like that for my code they would basically only run when I ran them .
We did a little bit of that later with Grendel , the Java rewrite , because it was just so much easier to write a unit test when you write a new class .
Seibel :
In retrospect , do you think you suffered at all because of that ?
Would development have been easier or faster if you guys had been more disciplined about testing ?
Zawinski : I do n’t think so .
I think it would have just slowed us down .
There ’s a lot to be said for just getting it right the first time .
In the early days we were so focused on speed .
We had to ship the thing even if it was n’t perfect .
We can ship it later and it would be higher quality but someone else might have eaten our lunch by then .
There ’s bound to be stuff where this would have gone faster if we ’d had unit tests or smaller modules or whatever .
That all sounds great in principle .
Given a leisurely development pace , that ’s certainly the way to go .
But when you ’re looking at , “ We ’ve got to go from zero to done in six weeks , ” well , I ca n’t do that unless I cut something out .
And what I ’m going to cut out is the stuff that ’s not absolutely critical .
And unit tests are not critical .
If there ’s no unit test the customer is n’t going to complain about that .
That ’s an upstream issue .
I hope I do n’t sound like I ’m saying , “ Testing is for chumps . ”
It ’s not .
It ’s a matter of priorities .
Are you trying to write good software or are you trying to be done by next week ?
You ca n’t do both .
One of the jokes we made at Netscape a lot was , “ We ’re absolutely 100 percent committed to quality .
We ’re going to ship the highest - quality product we can on March 31st . ”
So Zawinski says unit testing would have slowed them down .
Uncle Bob and Tim Bray both say that unit testing , “ does n’t slow you down , it speeds you up . ” Did Zawinski and the rest of the Netscape gang just blow it ?
They were going all out to develop their software as fast as they could ; could they have sped things up with more unit testing ?
Maybe they were just living in the stone age .
Now , if Uncle Bob and Bray wanted to make a less radical claim than that unit testing always speeds you up , they could point out that unit tests can help you go faster over the longer term , and it ’s not clear even Zawinski would disagree .
And they ’d definitely get some strong support for that claim from the subject of chapter two of Coders , Brad Fitzpatrick .
I asked him about any big differences between his early and later programming style :
Fitzpatrick : I ’ve also done a lot of testing since LiveJournal .
Once I started working with other people especially .
And once I realized that code I write never fucking goes away and I ’m going to be a maintainer for life .
I get comments about blog posts that are almost 10 years old .
“ Hey , I found this code .
I found a bug , ” and I ’m suddenly maintaining code .
I now maintain so much code , and there ’s other people working with it , if there ’s anything halfway clever at all , I just assume that somebody else is going to not understand some invariants I have .
So basically anytime I do something clever , I make sure I have a test in there to break really loudly and to tell them that they messed up .
I had to force a lot of people to write tests , mostly people who were working for me .
I would write tests to guard against my own code breaking , and then once they wrote code , I was like , “ Are you even sure that works ?
Write a test .
Prove it to me . ”
At a certain point , people realize , “ Holy crap , it does pay off , ” especially maintenance costs later .
Another interviewee , Joshua Bloch described how he designs code by starting with the APIs .
He claimed this is a sort of “ test - first programming and refactoring applied to APIs ” since the first thing he does with a newly designed is test whether it would support the use cases that had lead to creating the API in the first place .
But since he does all that writing any runnable code , that could also be called old - fashioned , “ thinking about what you ’re going to do before you do it ” programming .
Bloch did dispute the claim of those TDD advocates who say the tests produced by TDD can function as a spec for the code under test :
I do n’t think tests are even remotely an acceptable substitute for documentation .
Once you ’re trying to write something that other people can code to , you need precise specs , and the tests should test that the code conforms to those specs .
Elsewhere Bloch described how he used both system and unit testing when he was working on an implementation of transactional shared - memory :
To test the code , I wrote a monstrous “ basher . ”
It ran lots of transactions , each of which contained nested transactions , recursively up to some maximum nesting depth .
Each of the nested transactions would lock and read several elements of a shared array in ascending order and add something to each element , preserving the invariant that the sum of all the elements in the array was zero .
Each subtransaction was either committed or aborted — 90 percent commits , 10 percent aborts , or whatever .
Multiple threads ran these transactions concurrently and beat on the array for a prolonged period .
Since it was a shared - memory facility that I was testing , I ran multiple multithreaded bashers concurrently , each in its own process .
At reasonable concurrency levels , the basher passed with flying colors .
But when I really cranked up the concurrency , I found that occasionally , just occasionally , the basher would fail its consistency check .
I had no idea what was going on .
Of course I assumed it was my fault because I had written all of this new code .
After the system test demonstrated the presence of a bug he turned to unit tests to find it :
I spent a week or so writing painfully thorough unit tests of each component , and all the tests passed .
Then I wrote detailed consistency checks for each internal data structure , so I could call the consistency checks after every mutation until a test failed .
Finally I caught a low - level consistency check failing — not repeatably , but in a way that allowed me to analyze what was going on .
And I came to the inescapable conclusion that my locks were n’t working .
I had concurrent read - modify - write sequences taking place in which two transactions locked , read , and wrote the same value and the last write was clobbering the first .
I had written my own lock manager , so of course I suspected it .
But the lock manager was passing its unit tests with flying colors .
In the end , I determined that what was broken was n’t the lock manager , but the underlying mutex implementation !
This was before the days when operating systems supported threads , so we had to write our own threading package .
It turned out that the engineer responsible for the mutex code had accidentally exchanged the labels on the lock and try - lock routines in the assembly code for our Solaris threading implementation .
So every time you thought you were calling lock , you were actually calling try - lock , and vice versa .
Which means that when there was actual contention — rare in those days — the second thread just sailed into the critical section as if the first thread did n’t have the lock .
The funny thing was that that this meant the whole company had been running without mutexes for a couple weeks , and nobody noticed .
I asked him if he though the author of the mutex code that had been the cause of his problems could or even should have caught the bug with his own unit tests :
I think a good automated unit test of the mutex facility could have saved me from this particular agony , but keep in mind that this was in the early ’90s .
It never even occurred to me to blame the engineer involved for not writing good enough unit tests .
Even today , writing unit tests for concurrency utilities is an art form .
Donald Knuth , who is also a fan of after - the - fact torture tests , described an approach to coding about as far away from TDD as you can imagine , which he used when originally developing his typesetting system , TeX :
Knuth :
When I wrote TeX originally in 1977 and ’ 78 , of course I did n’t have literate programming but I did have structured programming .
I wrote it in a big notebook in longhand , in pencil .
Six months later , after I had gone through the whole project , I started typing into the computer .
And did the debugging in March of ’ 78 while I had started writing the program in October of ’ 77 .
The code for that is in the Stanford archives — it ’s all in pencil — and of course I would come back and change a subroutine as I learned what it should be .
This was a first - generation system , so lots of different architectures were possible and had to be discarded until I ’d lived with it for a while and knew what was there .
And it was a chicken - and - egg problem — you could n’t typeset until you had fonts but then you could n’t have fonts until you could typeset .
But structured programming gave me the idea of invariants and knowing how to make black boxes that I could understand .
So I had the confidence that the code would work when I finally would debug it .
I felt that I would be saving a lot of time if I waited six months before testing anything .
I had enough confidence that the code was approximately right .
Seibel :
And the time savings would be because you would n’t spend time building scaffolding and stubs to test incomplete code ?
Knuth : Right .
So Knuth too disagrees with the notion that unit testing always makes you go faster .
Maybe he too is living in the stone age .
Joe Armstrong , on the other hand , says he has moved toward a test - first development style recently :
Seibel :
At the point that you start typing code , do you code top - down or bottom - up or middle - out ?
Armstrong : Bottom up .
I write a little bit and test it , write a little bit and test it .
I ’ve gone over to this writing test cases first , now .
Unit testing .
Just write the test cases and then write the code .
I feel fairly confident that it works .
The only interviewee who touched directly on TDD versus other approaches was Peter Norvig .
He said he does more unit testing than he used to and even said some nice things about TDD but pointed out :
It ’s also important to know what you ’re doing .
When I wrote my Sudoku solver , some bloggers commented on that .
They said , “ Look at the contrast — here ’s Norvig ’s Sudoku thing and then there ’s this other guy , ” whose name I ’ve forgotten , one of these test - driven design gurus .
He starts off and he says , “ Well , I ’m going to do Sudoku and I ’m going to have this class and first thing I ’m going to do is write a bunch of tests . ”
But then he never got anywhere .
He had five different blog posts and in each one he wrote a little bit more and wrote lots of tests but he never got anything working because he did n’t know how to solve the problem .
A bit later Norvig said :
Then bloggers were arguing back and forth about what this means .
I do n’t think it means much of anything — I think test - driven design is great .
I do that a lot more than I used to do .
But you can test all you want and if you do n’t know how to approach the problem , you ’re not going to get a solution .
Ignoring Norvig ’s suggestion that the difference between the two attempts does n’t mean much of anything , it is instructive ( or at least interesting , in a rubber - necking kind of way ) to look at the two writeups .
The “ other guy ” turns out to be Ron Jeffries , one of the inventors of Extreme Programming , the author of two books on XP , and according to his website an “ experienced XP author , trainer , coach , and practitioner ” .
Norvig ’s writeup is a short essay explaining about 100 lines of Python that can solve any Sudoku .
Jeffries writeup , by contrast , is spread over five lengthy blog postings here , here , here , here , and here and ends without coming anywhere close to actually producing a program that can solve any but a tiny subset of all Sudoku problems .
At some level the difference between the two simply boils down — as Norvig suggests — to knowledge : Norvig knew how to solve the problem because it ’s a specific instance of a kind of problem he already knew how to solve .
Jeffries , obviously , did not .
But he did choose to tackle this particular problem using TDD , a technique in which he is supposed to be the expert ?
Why did he have so little success ?
One thing I noticed , reading through Jeffries ’s blog posts , was that he got fixated on the problem of how to represent a Sudoku board .
He immediately started writing tests of the low - level details of a few functions for manipulating a data structure representing the 9×9 Sudoku board and a few functions for getting at the rows , columns , and boxes of the board .
( “ Boxes ” are what Sudoku players call the 3×3 squares subsquares of the 9×9 board . )
Then he basically wandered around for the rest of his five blog postings fiddling with the representation , making it more “ object oriented ” and then fixing up the tests to work with the new representation and so on until eventually , it seems , he just got bored and gave up , having made only one minor stab at the problem of actually solving puzzles .
I suspect , having done a small amount of TDD myself , that this is actually a pattern that arises when a programmer tries to apply TDD to a problem they just do n’t know how to solve .
If I was a high - priced consultant / trainer like Jeffries , I ’d probably give this pattern a pithy name like “ Going in Circles Means You Do n’t Know What You ’re Doing ” .
Because he had no idea how to tackle the real problem , the only kinds of tests he could think of were either the very high - level “ the program works ” kind which were obviously too much of a leap or low - level tests of nitty - gritty code that is necessary but not at all sufficient for a working solver .
However , since most of what Jeffries spent his time on was the code for representing a Sudoku board and determining which row , column , and box a given square on the board is in , let ’s look at that part of Norvig ’s code .
Norvig ’s basic strategy is to represent a board using a hash table with the keys being row - column pairs like A1 , A2 , and so on up to I9 .
After seeing the mess Jeffries makes of trying represent a board this is a refreshingly simple choice .
It also seems to me that it requires a bit of creativity : given that a Sudoku board is a 9×9 board , I suspect I ’m not the only programmer in the world who might be inclined to start with a 2d array .
In a language without true 2d arrays , I might then be tempted , as Jeffries was , to then use an 81 - element array and then get all wrapped around the axle , as Jeffries did , making sure I have n’t screwed up the finicky math for converting between 1d and 2d indices .
And for all we know Norvig fell into the same trap and only later realized that all he really needed was the easy random access provided by a hash table .
But pretty clearly Jeffries ’s approach of testing the heck out of an array - based implementation was n’t sufficient to lead him to the much better hash table - based one .
Given his choice to use a hash table , Norvig needs a list of the keys , i.e. the Cartesian product of the row labels ( A - I ) and the column labels ( 1 - 9 ) .
So the first bit of code he shows is a function cross which implements a Cartesian product that combines the pairs of elements by concatenation .
The standard mathematical definition of the Cartesian product is :
A × B = { ( a , b ) | a ∈ A and b ∈ B }
Python ’s list comprehensions let Norvig express this function in essentially the same notation as the standard mathematical definition :
def cross( A , B ) : return [ a+b for a in A for b in B ]
Could he or should he have developed this function via a test - first strategy ?
Dunno .
Would it have been faster ?
Possibly , if he had any problems getting it right .
But given that he ’s just transcribing a mathematical definition , maybe a quick check at Python ’s REPL would be sufficient to make sure he had n’t screwed anything up .
Next he defines two variables to hold the row and column labels :
rows = ' ABCDEFGHI ' cols = ' 123456789 '
Do TDD people unit test their data ?
I do n’t know .
Should they ?
I ’m not even sure what that would mean , at least in a case like this .
At any rate , he then feeds these two untested values to the cross function to produce the list of all 81 squares :
squares = cross ( rows , cols )
Now he ’s basically done with the representation of the board .
Any hash table , with the elements of squares as its keys represents a Sudoku board .
Later in his code Norvig will use a hash table with strings containing the possible digits that could be put in each square as values .
However there is one other bit of work to be done : to solve a Sudoku you ’re going to need to be able to map from a square to the other squares in the same row , column , and box .
Having read a bit about Sudoku solving , Norvig has discovered that people use the term ‘ units ’ to refer to the rows , columns , and boxes and ‘ peers ’ to refer to all the squares that are in one of the three ‘ units ’ of another square .
Norvig , unlike Jeffries , realized that this is better represented in data than in code and proceeds to compute the data once and for all .
First he makes a list of all the units , i.e. all rows , columns , and boxes , using list comprehensions and his cross function :
unitlist = ( [ cross ( rows , c ) for c in cols ] + [ cross (r , cols ) for r in rows ] + [ cross ( rs , cs ) for rs in ( ' ABC ' , ' DEF ' , 'GHI ' ) for cs in ( ' 123 ' , '456 ' , '789 ' ) ] )
Now , he can use unitlist to generate a dictionary , units , that maps each square name to a list of its three units .
He completely brute - forces this , linearly scanning unitlist for each square , selecting the units containing the square which itself requires a linear scan of each element of unitlist .
But why write something more clever when unitlist is only 27 elements long and it ’s elements are each 9 elements long and this whole computation is only going to happen once anyway ?
Here ’s the code :
units = dict ( (s , [u for u in unitlist if s in u ] ) for s in squares )
Once he ’s got units , which will also be used in its own right later , he can compute peers , a hash table that maps from square names to the set of peer squares :
peers = dict ( (s , set ( s2 for u in units [s ] for s2 in u if s2 != s ) ) for s in squares )
And that ’s it : 7 definitions in 12 lines of code and he ’s done with data representation .
I ’m not sure how much code Jeffries ended up with .
In his fourth installment he had about 81 lines devoted to providing slightly less functionality than Norvig provided in the code we just looked at .
In the fifth ( and mercifully final ) installment , he started adding classes and subclasses and moving things around but never presented all the code again .
Safe to say it ended up quite a lot more than 12 lines ; if he ’s lucky it stayed under 120 .
I ’m not a proponent ( or particularly a detractor ) of TDD .
If I was , I ’d be pretty strongly tempted to throw Jeffries under the bus — maybe TDD is n’t quite as bad as he makes it look in this exercise .
It certainly seems that , within the constraints of TDD , he could have done a much better job .
Perhaps if he had stopped to think a bit about what he was doing he could have , using TDD , ended up with code as simple as Norvig’s .
For instance , if he had started a bit closer to the problem domain he could have started by writing tests of his ability to map from squares to peers and units and then implemented something to provide that functionality .
So maybe Norvig is right — maybe there ’s not much to learn from this episode except that Fred Brooks is still right and there are still no silver bullets .
Anyway , those are some of the highlights of , and some of the context around , what the folks I interviewed for Coders had to say about testing .
There are probably some other good bits I ’m forgetting at the moment .
Feel free to buy a copy and look for them yourself .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
NuPIC Vision Toolkit
This tool kit is intended to help people who are interested in using Numenta 's NuPIC on vision problems .
This project is in Maintenance Mode
We plan to do minor releases only , and limit changes in NuPIC and NuPIC Core to :
Fixing critical bugs .
Features needed to support ongoing research .
Running MNIST
Experiment
Install nupic.vision and its dependencies pip install -e .
Prepare MNIST data cd src/nupic / vision / mnist ./extract_mnist.sh mkdir mnist mv mnist_extraction_source / training mnist / mv mnist_extraction_source/testing mnist / python ./convertImages.py mnist ./create_training_sample.sh
Run experiment python run_mnist_experiment .py -- data - dir mnist
Using Docker
Congressman Albert Thomas winks back at a quickly - smiling LBJ as he is being sworn in to be the next President of the United States on Air Force
One while the grief - stricken Jackie Kennedy stands next to him .
LBJ Killed JFK Theory Embarrasses Bush Aide
LBJ Behind JFK Killing - New Book - Remember ' The Wink '
Why I dislike gifts and gifting
I have had so many homemade things given to me like iPod cosies , joke magnets , candles , cheap things for the kitchen that I do n’t use but looked ‘ cute ’ , Dollar store tools that ended up breaking after one use .
Do n’t get me wrong .
I loved the thought that went into the gift .
I mean , heck , at least they thought of me to buy that $ 1 sushi magnet .
But while their hearts were definitely in the right , sweet places , it has caused me to develop a strong aversion to gifts and gifting for five reasons :
It cluttered my home I felt guilty for wanting to toss it I do n’t like people wasting their cash , even if it was just $ 1 It causes more waste for the environment I hate the hidden costs in a gift ( even a great gift like an iPod is not just the iPod , people ! )
How to deal with the guilt of wanting to toss it
This is a big one for me .
I usually just take a picture or scan it into my computer , and breathe a sigh of relief .
And when I look at a picture of the little drunken stuffed Leprechaun , I will smile without having to physically touch it to drudge up the memories .
You can also reason that if you kept every gift everyone ever gave you , you ’d need to buy a second home , and no one wants to go bankrupt .
Right ?
You can imagine that someone else would get a kick out of it .
And we just love to pass on the love here .
What to do with a gift you do n’t really want to keep
Change it
Donate it
Re -gift it ( fraught with nasty complications )
Toss it
Change it
Is it something you ’d never wear in a bajillion years ?
If you cannot bear to get rid of it ( believe me , I know guilt ) , then make something out of it .
Like adding it as a patch to your patchwork quilt .
Or cutting out the most memorable piece and framing it .
Or if it ’s a necklace , rip it apart and make a new one out of it .
Maybe it just needs a little sanding and a paint job .
Or a total makeover with wallpaper .
Be creative .
Donate it
If it ’s a useful gift , but you just have too many of them , or it ’s just one too many frog statues , donate the suckers and get crackin ’ on a plan to stop that person from buying you frog statues in the future .
Re-Gift it * PROCEED WITH CAUTION *
But if you want to re-gift from your uncle to your co-workers ?
Go ahead if they are never likely to cross paths .
First , it must not smell and be decent to re-gift .
Do n’t laugh .
True story : I once received a sweater from a very chic boutique that clearly had dementia when they designed their sweater line .
Not only was it a strange and hideous pattern which was NOT anyone ’s style , it was scratchy and uncomfortable , and it stank of mothballs .
I could n’t even breathe around it , it was so stinky .
It was clearly a re-gift , but a very poor one at that .
I could smell the mothballs all over it .
Second , do n’t lie .
If your conscience weighs heavily on you ( as it does on mine ) , say : “ I received this lovely gift , but it ’s just not my style .
However , I immediately thought of you .
Would you like it ? ” ( But make sure it really is their style before saying that )
Do n’t gush and tell them how long it took for you to find that gift , when it did n’t .
Even worse , that they find out later it was a re-gift .
Some people do n’t take it lightly .
Third , do n’t re-gift to people who are sensitive .
As mentioned above , some people take gifting VERY seriously .
For those people , please do n’t insult them by re-gifting .
Fourth , try and re-gift to groups who do n’t hang out together .
Got a gift from a co-worker and you want to give it to another co-worker ?
No can do .
Off limits .
No re-gifting allowed within the same group .
Even if the re-giftee LOVED the gift , they may gush about it at work and thank you again , which will cause your other co-worker to quirk an eyebrow at you , with a slight furrow of the brow .
I would suggest re-gifting it in a tact and diplomatic manner , and above all ..
HONEST .
Toss it
Close one eye and throw it away if you really , really , really think you can get away with it .
If anyone asks , you ’ll have to think quick on your feet .
It ’s good practice .
How to deal with gifting in the future
Be Gentle .
1 . Make a big deal about something else .
Make a big deal about how you love simple coffee & cake dates over ANY gift anyone could ever give you .
Gush about how connecting with the person is really more important than stuff .
Or focus on how much you care about the environment– the option of electronic Hallmark birthday cards is always a good alternative !
Wave your hands crazily and say you ’ve gone minimalist .
That one tends to scare them off .
2. Stop giving gifts and take them out instead .
( Even useful ones to people ) .
Take them out to eat instead and they may respond in kind .
This is a big success with me .
3 . Stop mentioning that you collect spoons or anything similar .
Stop mentioning you collect things .
Unless it ’s money .
Just kidding .
Sort of .
Once people hear you have a spoon fetish , you will have spoons gifted to you for Every .
Single .
Occasion .
OR if you must mention your antique spoon collection , mention which ones in particular would make you happy .
Be specific , and do n’t say “ Oh I just collect spoons . ”
Talk about what kind of spoons you collect — antique ones — not ones stolen from Denny’s .
4 . Start mentioning that you ’ve stopped collecting spoons or anything similar .
Start saying how you have so many spoons , you ’ve started to donate or give them away to other people ’s collections .
They ’ll get the hint .
Trust me .
Now , you should be able to at the very least , stop the cycle of bad gifts by gently veering them off into another direction with hints .
The project aimed to track offenders through the justice system A government IT project for tracking offenders in England and Wales through the criminal justice system was a " shambles " , MPs have said .
Officials in charge of the scheme - abandoned after costs trebled - lacked even a " minimum level of competence " , the Public Accounts Committee found .
It highlighted a " culture of over - optimism " and lack of " rigorous " scrutiny of the scheme .
The Prison Service said it was working to ensure mistakes are not repeated .
Plans for the £ 234 m National Offender Management Information System system , known as C - NOMIS , began in 2004 with the aim of allowing the prison and probation services in England and Wales to follow offenders " end - to - end " through the criminal justice system .
' Grossly underestimated '
But by July 2007 the project was two years behind schedule and its estimated costs had increased to £ 690 m .
It was later abandoned .
The committee 's report finds that staff " grossly underestimated " the likely cost and neither ministers nor senior management at the Home Office , nor even the project board , were aware of problems until May 2007 .
The work done so far has not been lost but is being used as the basis of the revised programme
Prison Service Even now , the National Offender Management Service , which runs prisons and probation , has no idea what £ 161 m spent before October 2007 was used for , it adds .
The committee 's chairman , Conservative MP Edward Leigh , said : " This committee has become inured to the dismal procession of government IT failures which have passed before us , but even we were surprised by the extent of the failure of C - NOMIS , the ambitious project to institute a single database to manage individual offenders through the prison and probation systems .
" There was not even a minimum level of competence in the planning and execution of this project .
" The result has been a three - year delay in the roll - out of the programme , envisaged separate databases for prisons and probation instead of the original one , each with different information about an offender , and a doubling of costs .
" This project has been a shambles . "
Its replacement , NOMIS , will instead use three separate databases and is not expected to be working fully until 2011 .
A Prison Service spokesman said : " The C - NOMIS project was stopped when it was recognised that it was going to be over - budget and late .
" Steps have been taken to ensure that the mistakes made are not repeated .
" The work done so far has not been lost but is being used as the basis of the revised NOMIS programme .
" This will support our commitment to ensuring that prison and probation service staff have improved access to the information they need to protect the public by managing offenders in custody and in the community .
" The prison element of the programme commenced roll out to public sector prisons on 22 May 2009 and is on schedule to complete in summer 2010 . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Agency Offers Low Teaser Rates , Questionable Refi Loans
That ’s right , FHA is now insuring mortgages with low teaser rates that balloon after a year .
See the last bullet - point in this screenshot via Quicken Loans :
They also require tiny / nill downpayments .
And it gets better :
No income verification !
See the last line in this screengrab from Quicken Loans :
Short - sighted much ?
Similar loans , known as Ninjas ( no income , no job , no assets ) were a major part of the sub - prime debacle .
While I ’m all in favor of getting people out of loans they can’t afford , this is a horrible way to do it .
It rewards the private sector by putting all the risk on taxpayers , while lenders reap all the profits .
See last month ’s FHA : Bailout Waiting to Happen for more on the scale of the problem .
It ’s big , with FHA insuring 23 % of all loans made in 2009 .
I ’ll leave you with one more screengrab :
Disclosure :
No position in any companies mentioned
NEW YORK -- Publicly griping about officials in the Southeastern Conference just got a lot more costly for Lane Kiffin and the rest of the league 's coaches .
After three SEC coaches in two weeks , including Tennessee 's Kiffin , received reprimands for ripping officials , the conference has decided that future punishment for similar antics will be fines and suspensions .
A memorandum was sent by the league office on Friday to every school making them aware of the change , which is effective immediately .
Commissioner Mike Slive , in his eighth season with the conference , was given full discretion by the league 's athletic directors and presidents to hand out the punishment .
He will determine the amount of fines and lengths of suspensions on a case - by - case basis .
" On rare occasions over the last seven years there were several private reprimands and that took care of the matter , " Slive told the AP in a telephone interview .
" On occasion there were public reprimands and that took care of it .
It became clear to me after last week that I was no longer interested in reprimands and the conference athletic directors and university presidents unanimously agreed .
" For the foreseeable future there will be no reprimands , " Slive added .
" We will go right to suspensions and fines . "
The Big 12 , Big Ten , Pac - 10 and Mountain West conferences also use public reprimands , fines and suspensions as possible penalties for coaches who are publicly critical of officiating .
The SEC 's officiating , and public complaints by a few coaches about it , has drawn plenty of unwanted attention to Slive 's conference .
Last week , an SEC officiating crew was suspended after it called penalties the league said were not supported by video evidence in the LSU - Georgia game on Oct. 3 and the Arkansas - Florida game on Oct. 17 .
The SEC publicly announced the suspension , an unprecedented move by the conference .
Slive said that while he believes the SEC officiating has been good this season , the unusual circumstances with that one crew convinced him to go public with the punishment .
" It had to do with a very unusual confluence of events that we have not seen before and I doubt we will see again , in that we had two calls by a crew over a relatively short period of time that the video evidence did not support , " Slive said .
" And one of the rules in play was the excessive celebration rule that has long been a subject of public debate .
" Given all that , we felt it was important to say publicly the discipline we had imposed .
That is not something we expect to have to do again . "
The day after the crew was suspended , Arkansas coach Bobby Petrino was reprimanded by Slive for making critical statements about officiating in the Razorbacks ' 23 - 20 loss at Florida .
Then on Sunday , Kiffin and Mississippi State 's Dan Mullen each went off on the officiating in their Saturday games .
Kiffin's Volunteers lost 12 - 10 at Alabama and Mullen 's Bulldogs lost 29 - 19 to Florida in Starkville , Miss .
The SEC responded on Monday by reprimanding both coaches for violating league ethics rules .
The league made no public admonishment of the calls that Kiffin and Mullen complained about .
Kiffin made it clear he was not worried about getting a reprimand for his comments .
" I 'm sure we 'll get one of those letters that really means nothing as Bobby got last week , but Florida and Alabama live on , " he said Sunday .
Tennessee spokeswoman Tiffany Carpenter said Friday that Kiffin and athletic director Mike Hamilton would not comment on the SEC 's stiffer penalties .
" We fully expect and anticipate that we will have the full cooperation of our coaches from this day forward , " Slive said .
Kiffin 's reprimand was his second of the year and it came with a warning from Slive , who said that another would result in a stiffer penalty , such as a fine or suspension .
Now all the coaches face tougher penalties .
And the head coaches will be held responsible if members of their team or staff slam officials publicly .
Kiffin received his first reprimand in February for accusing Florida coach Urban Meyer of violating recruiting rules .
Kiffin and Meyer tossed a few verbal jabs at each other in the following months , and South Carolina coach Steve Spurrier even weighed in about Kiffin at one point .
Slive twice this year has talked to Meyer and Kiffin about all the chatter .
Slive said he is always available to speak to coaches about concerns about officiating , but he does not feel the need to speak to any coaches individually on the subject .
" I think the memo is crystal clear , " Slive said .
" It needs no embellishment . "
Rep. Alan Grayson ( D - Fla. ) has taken his incendiary rhetoric to a new platform with ' NamesOfTheDead.com . '
Grayson unveils ' NamesofThe Dead.com '
Rep. Alan Grayson ( D - Fla. ) is causing a stir on the House floor again , but this time it ’s a poster , not his words , that have Republicans screaming .
Grayson brought a poster to the floor Wednesday afternoon emblazoned with “ NamesOfTheDead.com ” – a Web site he launched with personal funds to memorialize those who perished from lack of health care .
The site allows the visitor to fill out a form with the name of a loved one – and their personal story .
Advertisement
But site contains a link to his campaign
Web site , raising the question of whether it could be considered a contribution to his re-election effort .
A spokesman for Grayson said the House majority leader ’s office OK ’ed the poster .
But Republican operatives were also quick to raise ethics questions , saying it is improper to speak about a Web site on the House floor that has a link to a campaign site , which is used to solicit funds .
This is far from Grayson ’s debut .
About a month ago , the Florida Democrat took to the House floor with the message that Republican opposition to health care overhaul means GOP lawmakers wanted people to die .
He also compared the health care situation in the U.S. to the Holocaust .
Grayson has become a hero to the left , but he ’s also become a serious target for Republicans , as he occupies a key swing district in central Florida .
House ethics officials did not immediately return calls for comment about whether there was any problem with listing his Web site on his poster .
The FEC does not comment on specific incidents .
Javier Lozano , el Ministro del Trabajo mexicano es , para decirlo de una manera amable , una figura controvertida .
Fiel a su costumbre , volvió a dar de qué hablar la semana pasada .
Ante el aumento de la tasa de desempleo ( este indicador llegó a 6.41 % en septiembre pasado , la cifra más alta desde que se adoptó la nueva metodología en el año 2000 ) señaló que esto no se debía que hubiera más desempleados sino a que ante la inminente recuperación de la economía mexicana más personas se estaban incorporando al mercado laboral .
Nadie como el secretario Lozano para darle una interpretación positiva al peor indicador de empleo en años .
Esto no debería sorprendernos , Lozano es en realidad un experto en telecomunicaciones y no en temas laborales , por ello se pensó que Felipe Calderón lo elegiría como su Secretario de Comunicaciones y Transportes ; sin embargo su estilo rijoso y echado para adelante ( algo no necesariamente malo en un regulador de un sector caracterizado por grandes monopolios ) llevó a que Carlos Slim lo vetara .
Como un premio de consolación Lozano llegó a la Secretaría del Trabajo .
Así pues , Javier Lozano se encuentra en un sector que no conoce y con la actitud equivocada , en lugar de reconocer la gravedad de las cifras y plantear una salida a este problema - finalmente ese es su trabajo - se niega a reconocerlo y trata de darle un spin positivo .
No es la primera vez que realiza una declaración similar .
Hace tan sólo unas semanas , cuando se dio a conocer que la cifra de desempleo para agosto llegaba a 6.28 % ( un récord para entonces aunque menor a la cifra dada a conocer el miércoles pasado ) Lozano destacó que el desempleo en México era uno de los más bajos en la OECD .
Esto es cierto , pero el Secretario olvidó señalar que el criterio para calificar como desempleado es que no se haya trabajado cuando menos una hora la semana anterior ( es decir , alguien que trabajó únicamente dos horas sería técnicamente empleado aun cuando difícilmente ganaría lo suficiente para sobrevivir . )
Olvidó también decir que la mayor parte de los países de la OECD son desarrollados y que en ellos los desempleados tienen derecho a un seguro de desempleo , así que lejos de estar para presumirse el indicador realmente apuntaba a lo difícil de las condiciones del mercado laboral mexicano .
Pero regresemos a su declaración del miércoles pasado , porque realmente vale la pena ; en realidad tengo que reconocer que su afirmación fue bastante ingeniosa .
Seguramente el secretario Lozano había escuchado el término que en la literatura económica anglosajona se llama jobless recovery , es decir crecimiento sin empleo ; y esto es en realidad algo bastante común .
Cuando una economía se empieza a recuperar las empresas empiezan a utilizar todos los recursos ociosos que tienen a mano , tanto en capital como en mano de obra , de tal forma que inicialmente la recuperación se da sin un incremento en el empleo .
Lo repito , muy ingenioso , pero de lo que no se dio cuenta el secretario Lozano es que en el mismo comunicado de prensa mediante el cual el Instituto Nacional de Estadística y Geografía ( INEGI ) dio a conocer las cifras de desempleo se da a conocer también la llamada " tasa de participación " .
Esta tasa señala el porcentaje de la población que está en edad de trabajar , los mayores de 14 años , que así lo quieran hacer , y esta tasa a diferencia de lo que señaló el secretario Lozano disminuyó y no aumentó como él lo sugiere , una peque ña caída del 59,78 % en agosto al 59,42 % en septiembre .
En fin , el desempleo está peor y no hay más gente que se esté incorporando al mercado laboral , Javier Lozano aventuró una hipótesis que escondía estos hechos , nice try señor secretario , pero algunos leímos el comunicado completo .
Cashing In German Energy Giants Eager for US Green Transformation
Many climate change activists have been disappointed with the administration of US President Barack Obama so far .
But German energy giants are ecstatic .
With US money flowing into alternative energies , companies from this side of the Atlantic are eager to get their share .
Von Christopher Lawton
Generally , Americans enjoy traveling .
While Americans may not travel quite as much as Australians , Europeans , or Chinese ; they do enjoy exploring different countries and cultures .
In the past , Americans have tended to predominantly visit countries that speak English and have a similar culture .
Â
However , Americans are expanding their horizons and visiting these 10 countries the most .
1. Mexico
Our neighbor just south of the border is not only close but cheap .
Â
If you ca n’t get very much time off work , Mexico is a great solution .
Â
They have beautiful beaches and resorts , a favorable exchange rate , a different culture and passport regulations are more lax than other countries .
2. Canada
Canada is the second most visited country .
Â Canada is beautiful and many Americans enjoy going to both the rural areas and witnessing the scenic beauty , along with large cities like British Columbia , Montreal , and Quebec .
Â Quebec is the little France at a cheaper price and closer proximity .
Â Plus Canadians tend to be America friendly .
3. England
Since England used to own the United States and many American ’s ancestors are from there .
This is the most visited country overseas by Americans .
Â
England also has a close alliance with the United States , plus it ’s English speaking which makes this a top destination .
4. Italy
Italy is home to so much history .
Â
There are so many great places to see like Rome , Vatican City , Milan , Florence , Venice , and Tuscany .
Â
Not to mention that they have unbelievably delicious food .
Plus Italy is more affordable to go to in comparison with other western European countries .
5. France
Since our country was established , France has been a great ally .
Â
Although we do n’t see eye to eye on everything , this is a great place to see .
Â
Paris is famous for being one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
Â
In addition , France also offers a unique culture .
Although prepare yourself , because it is very expensive .
6. Germany
Germany offers a lot of history .
There are great cities like Berlin , Munich , Frankfurt , Dresden , Nuremberg , and not to mention the Black Forest .
Â
Germany offers diversity that many countries can’t .
Â
It is a very prestigious country and the exchange rate is not in our favor , but it is a lot of fun and surrounded by many other countries which makes it a great place to start or end your trip in Europe .
7. Bahamas / Caribbean
The Bahamas is great for travelers .
Â
It offers beautiful resorts and pristine beaches .
Â Tourists really get to relax and enjoy themselves .
Â
The Bahamas is a popular destination along with other Caribbean countries because they offer a break from everyday life .
Â
Plus they ’re close , safe , and inexpensive .
8. Ireland
Besides the irresistible accent the Irish have , they are also friendly .
Â
In Ireland you really get to explore the countryside and feel like you ’ve stepped back in time .
Â
The country is green and tourists flock to see sheep and thatched cottages .
Â
There are also exciting cities tourists may spend their time in .
Â
Plus , the recession has hit Ireland hard so this is a cheaper European destination .
9. Japan
While Tokyo is one of the most expensive cities in the world it is a great place to visit .
Â
This destination provides Americans with an experience they cannot find anywhere else .
10 . China
Because of the growth that China has experienced it ’s a haven for businessmen and tourists alike .
Â
Tourists can buy tons of stuff for very little money .
Â
There are great cities like Beijing , Hong Kong , and sites like the Great Wall of China .
Although there are thousands of places to see throughout the world , these are the ones more Americans choose to visit than any other .
The world offers exciting places to see but if you find yourself in a predicament about where to go : check out some of these places but do n’t limit yourself .
Dr. Reed Quinn is both a cardiologist and a Stake President for the Mormon Church .
This means he is the ecclesiastical leader for , in this case , 12 Mormon congregations .
As a cardiologist he has undoubtedly saved the lives of many people .
His wife , Eileen Quinn ( or at least someone of that name who lives at the same address ) is the CEO of the PAC Maine4 Marriage.org , which has a spiffy website here .
It 's slogan ?
" Marriage .
One Man. One Woman . "
That 's pretty amusing -- even funnier since the authors do n't get the joke .
You can point and snicker all you want .
The website highlights a general authority of the Mormon church , Elder Russell Nelson , speaking about the importance of families .
Dear friends , future happiness and even the future of nations is linked to children .
Families with children need to be re-enthroned as the fundamental unit of society .
We simply must value children more than we do !
Without a new generation to replace the old , there is no wealth ; without families , there is no future .
How does Eileen Quinn plan on valuing families with children ?
By refusing to allow a subset of them to have the protections of marriage .
Of course .
I protect my right to ( X ) by refusing you to have any ( X ) at all .
Because of course , there 's not enough X to go around .
Or something .
I guess the Quinns are afraid we 'll run out of marriage if the Gays get some share .
I 'm sure that the Quinns are really decent kind loving people , but then they behave like this .
Why ?
I think they know .
Because their environment -- the Mormon church -- screams " Hate the Gay " ( But , Shh , say it nice , and do n't use the word " hate . "
It 's so , uh , hateful . )
In the Stanford Prison Experiment , a significant portion of the guards , after confronting what they had done , spent a good portion of their lives keeping others from similar harm .
Elder Nelson 's speech highlighted on the maine4 marriage.org site continues : " Those who seek to undermine traditional marriage would effectively limit the rights of those who do uphold the sanctions of these institutions . "
Let me rephrase .
Your right to equal protection is outweighed by my right to discriminate against you .
My right to keep you from doing something ( that does n't affect me at all ) outweighs your right to do the same thing .
How amazingly self - centered .
And illogical .
And dumb .
Being kind , being decent , treating people as you wish to be treated is n't " undermin[ing ] traditional institutions " any more than freeing the black slaves back in 1863 was undermining the freedom of white southerners .
Zimbardo , in " The Lucifer Effect " describes how we all follow , blindly , those we deem a " virtuous authority , " even when we should know better .
He also describes how we can rise above our situation .
" I made a mistake , " " I am responsible , " " I want group acceptance , but value my independence , " " I respect authority , but rebel against unjust authority . "
Rebel !
Haye v Valuev build - up photos Russian Nikolay Valuev weighs in at 22st 8lb while Britain 's David Haye weighs 15st 8lb ahead of their WBA heavyweight title fight in Germany on Saturday Londoner Haye is the heaviest of his 23 - fight career , but is still exactly seven stone lighter than his opponent While Valuev comes in lighter than expected as he looks to counter Haye 's superior speed Haye has lost once in 23 fights and is aiming to become Britain 's first heavyweight world champion since Lennox Lewis retired in 2003
The 29 - year - old Haye will be giving up almost a foot in height to the 7ft Valuev , and seven stone in weight .
However , there have been greater height and weight disparities in heavyweight history Haye has only fought twice at heavyweight and is the former undisputed cruiserweight champion but relinquished his titles to step up a division Haye 's trainer Adam Booth wears specially tall boots for sparring so his man can get used to aiming at a high target Booth tries to replicate the conditions
Haye will encounter when he takes on Valuev in Nuremburg on Saturday night Valuev ( left ) and Haye will meet at the Nuremberg Arena , Germany for the Russian 's WBA heavyweight crown .
Predictably , the fight has been dubbed David v Goliath If Haye wants to be champion , he will have to become only the second person to beat the giant Russian Valuev has been beaten just once in 52 professional fights , by Uzbek Ruslan Chagaev in 2007 , and has 34 knockouts on his resume Valuev last fought in December , claiming a controversial points victory over Evander Holyfield , while Haye has not fought since a fifth - round win over Monte Barrett last November
The freakish nature of the fight is sure to inject some much - needed hype into a depressed heavyweight division
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend
Favorite Answer
I can't comment on ATMs in the US but in the UK the money is definately taken back into the machine if it is not picked up within twenty seconds or so .
If the atm was at a branch of your own bank then it should automatically be credited back into your account .
If the machine belonged to another bank then you may have to make a request to your bank for them to reclaim the money ( although this is n't usually required )
I know this because my toddler ran off before my partner could take his cash and catching her heading towards a road was more important than waiting for the cash .
He spoke to his bank and they told him it would be back in his account within a couple of days because , luckily , no one else was near the machine during the 20 seconds his cash was waiting to be taken .
As a special Halloween treat , here 's a seventy minute long horror music mix I put together for the 2001 WFMU marathon , culled from years of Halloween specials on my Wednesday morning show .
When the big day comes , throw a speaker out on the front porch , hook it up to your MP3 player and set it on repeat , this 'll keep those satanic dilletantes at bay .
Careful though , it 's a ginormous download , clocking in at a whopping 97 megs .
Download The Horror .
Artists on the mix include : Krzysztof Komeda , Wojciech Kilar , Krzysztof Penderecki , Jaap Blonk , Albanian Men's Choir , John Cale , Dick Jacobs Orchestra , Jerry Goldsmith , Theatre of Tragedy , Barnabas Collins , Endvra , Elend , Coven , Daniel Licht and others .
For more info , go here .
McDonald 's restaurants are more commonly referred to as McDo in France
By Hugh Schofield
BBC News , Paris
The French press has been kept busy this week - not with the news , but with news about the news .
The news was that McDonald 's is to open a fast - food restaurant in the Louvre .
The news about the news was the way this was reported in the foreign - English - speaking - press .
The news itself did not especially interest French editors .
It got a few paragraphs on the economy pages of Le Figaro , and a column in Le Parisien .
The news about the news was a different story .
Within a matter of hours , this tale of cultural desecration a la francaise had travelled the world .
Internet users from Shanghai to Saskatchewan were reading in their own online papers how the smell of chips would soon be wafting irreverently past the Mona Lisa .
There were cartoons of Ronald McDonald canoodling with the Venus de Milo .
It was le shock et l'horreur as this palace of the holies fell to the wrecking ball of globalised junk .
VIEW FROM THE UK The French are furious , and no wonder ...
Liz Hunt ,
The Daily Telegraph France is in uproar over news that McDonald 's has tainted the hallowed ground of the Louvre .
Doug Lansky , The Guardian
At least that was how the tale was portrayed abroad .
The French picked up on it and ran alarmed reports of the " Look what they 're saying about us now " variety .
But the truth is that the original story - the fact that McDonald 's is to set up an outlet in the underground shopping - mall that abuts the Louvre - did not strike most French people as particularly surprising .
Why was this so ?
Why did the French not take to the streets to defend their cuisine , as foreigners apparently believed they should be doing ?
Had they given up , or what ?
The answer is that McDonald 's - or McDo as the French prefer to call it - is now rooted in France 's social landscape , to a degree that would have been considered impossible 15 years ago .
Frenchification
When people think of McDonald 's and France , they think in stereotypes .
The Asterix versus Ronald scenario was perfectly encapsulated when the anti-globalisation campaigner Jose Bove ransacked a McDo in 1999 , and the cliche has persisted .
Hence the proliferation of foreign stories about the Louvre .
The Louvre mall already contains other fast - foods .
And if you want my opinion , McDonald 's is far from being the worst
Francois Simon
French food critic
But since then - thanks above all to a brilliant marketing campaign - McDonald 's has manoeuvred itself so effectively into the national way of life that it is now almost as invisible as the corner tabac .
Hence the non-proliferation of French stories about the Louvre .
Consider the statistics .
There are now more than 1,130 McDonald 's outlets in France .
Astonishingly , France is the company 's second - most profitable market after the United States .
It is also the country where customers spend most money per visit .
The trick that McDonald 's has pulled off with such success has been to build bridges to the public via a process of Frenchification .
For example , the company makes much of the way it supports French agriculture - a sure - fire heart - warmer in France - by buying 80 % of its produce from local farmers .
There was a make - or - break moment in 2001 when for the first time the chain had a stand at the iconic Salon de l'Agriculture ( Farm Show ) in Paris .
This is an annual occasion where the urban French re-charge their sense of rurality , and it could have gone badly wrong for McDonald's .
However , far from being booed out of the hall or sprayed with cow - dung , the McDonald 's people were accepted , then welcomed , and they are now a fixture .
" McDonald 's is now seen as fully part of the French agricultural community , " says one of its press people .
At the same time , the company has also Frenchified its product .
In addition to the normal array of Big Macs and deep - fried chicken nuggets , it offers salads , raw vegetable snacks and fruit .
McDonald's ... for me is a kind of under- culture , an under - cuisine
Bernard Hasquenof , Louvre pour Tous Some outlets have been given designer treatment , with Wi - fi and new - look furniture , as a way of breaking away from the lard - butt image .
And there are now some 90 McCafes , which compete directly with traditional French cafés .
According to the McDonald 's press people , there is even an outlet in Nice where old people gather in the afternoons to play bridge - so firmly has it entered local habits .
But , of course , the main reason that the chain has done so well is that it provides cheap meals .
Fast - foods of all varieties are booming in France - kebabs , paninis , pizzas - simply because a large part of the population can afford nothing else .
And if fingers are to be pointed , surely the greatest blame for the success of fast - food attaches to French cooking itself , for failing to provide any home - grown alternative .
Of course there are many in France who are indeed outraged by the news of the Louvre .
One such is Bernard Hasquenof , who runs the Louvre pour Tous ( Louvre for all ) internet site .
For him McDonald 's is above all a symbol , whose presence next to the museum signifies a regrettable commercialisation of what was once pure .
" It is a great paradox which I find very sad - that the French should have such a great tradition of cooking and culture , and yet turn in such numbers to McDonald 's - which for me is a kind of under- culture , an under - cuisine , " he told the BBC .
" But they have been very clever .
They have become part of society .
They are unavoidable .
Let 's face it , even I sometimes go there . "
As for Francois Simon , France 's best - known food critic and the man said to have inspired Anton Ego in the Pixar film Ratatouille , he thinks the French papers were right to ignore the story .
" It is a complete non-event , " he told the BBC .
" The Louvre mall already contains other fast - foods .
And if you want my opinion , McDonald 's is far from being the worst . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The number of films being produced by Hollywood is set to fall by more than a third as the major studios struggle against a twin threat , industry analysts say .
Their problems stem from a dearth of funding and from the digital revolution in the way people consume moving images .
Mark Gill , head of the Film Department , an independent film finance firm , predicted that last year 's peak of 606 films to emerge from Hollywood would fall to fewer than 400 next year " and it may go lower than that in future " .
The finances are in freefall , Gill said .
In the wake of the financial meltdown , banks that had acted as the main funders of big - and middle - budget films have withdrawn their largesse , sucking $ 12bn ( £ 7.4bn ) out of the $ 18bn available to the top studios .
Other lines of income have also shrivelled , most importantly DVD sales , which have plummeted by up to 25 % in some studios , partly as a result of piracy .
Digital downloads and video - on - demand are the new buzz technologies , but they still bring in tiny amounts compared with the dwindling DVD market .
As a third blow , the hegemony of English - language Hollywood films is being challenged around the world , with audiences favouring homegrown talent .
That 's been a trend long pronounced in France , for instance , but it has now spread to places such as Greece and Japan , which a few years ago earned just 5 % of its box office revenue from local language films but now has a figure of 65 % .
The latest household name to draw attention to the crisis is Francis Ford Coppola , director of the Godfather trilogy and Apocalypse Now .
Speaking recently at the Beirut Film Festival , where he is showing his latest film Tetro , he warned that " the cinema as we know it is falling apart " .
He told the Bloomberg news service that " it 's a period of incredible change " , predicting that two or three of the six big Hollywood studios were under such strain they would soon go bust .
That gloomy prognosis chimes with other industry analysts who claim that MGM in particular is on the edge , while other big studios are not far behind .
Paramount Pictures registered a loss of almost $ 150 m in the first half of this year .
With a sense of panic setting in across Hollywood , the industry has , in the past three months , seen the biggest shake - up of studio chiefs in 25 years .
In August , MGM ousted its chief executive Harry Sloan .
Disney recently sacked its studio chief , Dick Cook , and Universal Pictures earlier this month dismissed its joint chairmen Marc Shmuger and David Linde following a string of box office disappointments , including the family film Land of the Lost and Sacha Baron Cohen 's Bruno which took in $ 60 m – far short of his previous film Borat , which made $ 129 m .
Paradoxically , while the world 's movie capital is in turmoil , the appetite for its products remains buoyant .
Ticket revenue has continued to climb by about 2 % this year , a modest figure , but a striking achievement in the midst of a recession .
Film buffs are likely to be most distressed not by the overall cut in films on release , but by the quality and nature of what will be on offer .
As cash for new movies dries up , a greater proportion of the shrinking resources is going into a tiny range of sci- fi , superhero and mystic titles .
Coppola said that even if studios survive the upheaval , they will " just make certain kinds of films like Harry Potter – basically trying to make Star Wars over and over again , because it's a business " .
For cinema to survive , Coppola suggested , it would have to become much more interactive , with directors attending live performances of their work on a nightly basis " like the conductor of an opera .
Every night it can be a little different " .
ING plans to make itself a much smaller firm Dutch financial services group ING has announced that it will divide itself into separate companies , splitting its banking and insurance businesses .
Once it has been separated , ING plans to sell the insurance division .
It is also going to sell shares to existing investors so that it can repay half of its 10 bn - euro ( $ 15 bn ; £ 9 bn ) aid from the Dutch government early .
It received the cash in October 2008 , shortly before it reported its first loss as a result of the credit crunch .
Back to basics Chief executive Jan Hommen said the measures would " provide a clear plan for resolving the uncertainty created by the financial crisis " .
In order to get European Commission approval for its restructuring programme , ING said it would need to sell its US internet banking arm ING Direct USA by 2013 .
It is the latest step in ING 's " Back to Basics " programme , which has resulted in 10,800 job cuts so far this year .
ING also said it expected to report third - quarter profits of about 750 m euros , compared with a loss of 568 m euros in the same period last year .
Additional premiums
In addition to the 10 bn - euro direct investment , ING benefited from a deal in January under which the Dutch government took on 80 % of its mortgage - backed securities portfolio .
The government paid 90 % of face value for the assets , which was assumed at the time to be a great deal more than they were worth .
ING expects to raise 7.5 bn euros from its share - sale , of which about 5.9bn euros will go to repay half of the direct investment made by the government plus interest and other premiums .
Under orders from the European Commission , another 1.3bn euros will go to the government as an additional premium for the deal made in January .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Pope Benedict XVI 's visit to Britain next year comes after several years of denial and rumours from Britain and the Vatican .
It also maintains a punishing tour schedule for the ageing pontiff , who since taking office has visited Israel and the Palestinian territories , Angola , Cameroon , Australia , the US , Turkey , Germany , Brazil , Austria and Germany .
The reason for his visit may have something to do with the imminent beatification of Cardinal Henry Newman , who before the former prime minister Tony Blair turned to Rome was England 's most famous convert to Catholicism .
How the pope will be greeted by the British faithful is unclear , as the religious landscape has altered dramatically since the last papal visit , in 1982 .
Then , John Paul II kissed the tarmac at Gatwick airport , kicking off waves of excitement that lasted for days and drawing crowds of up to 1 million .
This pope , who is altogether more shy and retiring , and less rock 'n'roll , has done little to endear himself to minority groups in the UK .
He angered Muslims in 2006 by quoting an unfavourable remark about Islam from a 14th - century Byzantine emperor ; he upset Jews worldwide by reversing the excommunication of a Holocaust - denying priest last January ; and in March he angered health campaigners and international governments by saying that condoms could aggravate the problem of Aids .
And that 's to say nothing of the Vatican 's attitude towards homosexuals and women .
Leaving aside the controversy and the antipathy he has aroused , Benedict will also have to contend with a much diminished flock .
Generous estimates for Mass attendance hover around the 1 million mark , even though the Catholic population is four times that .
The secular state of the nation may well alarm him too .
Atheists have made great strides in challenging organised religion 's claim to be the sole moral compass for contemporary society .
And minority religious groups – namely Muslims – have become increasingly bold , confident and visible in their manifestations of faith .
The question of who will foot the bill will also be a cause for concern , as papal visits do not come cheap .
His trip to the US cost around $ 1.2 m ( £ 750,000 ) a day , mostly because of heightened security after the terrorist attacks of 9/11 .
Then , churchgoers met the cost .
But when a government issues the invitation – as seems to be the case here – the UK taxpayer will pick up the tab .
Like the old song says , " Every picture tells a story , do n't it ? "
A digital camera being used by troops in Afghanistan and Iraq produces pictures can tell incredibly detailed stories : exact time of day taken , longitude / latitude of both shooter and subject , direction of the camera aim , and even 16 seconds of audio per photo , so that the user can note critical information .
" You get everything you need in three seconds , " said Jim Kidd , vice president of Geo Tactical Solutions of Parker , Colo .
Everything is stored on a memory disk and can be turned over to intel officials for analysis .
" This way , you get back into the rear and the intel people do n't have you sitting for hours going over what you saw . "
The Ricoh 500SE - M Tactical Digital Camera is the heart of the system .
It comes with a GPS capability developed by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency , and is compatible with the range of mapping software and programs , including Google Earth and Falcon View , Kidd said .
The camera 's accessories include telescopic lenses , a night - vision lens and a range finder that captures the distance between shooter and target and IDs the target 's exact latitude and longitude .
Even on its own , the camera records its own location every five seconds , and specifically notes its lat / long whenever a photo is taken , according to Kidd .
For Marines and Soldiers out on patrol , the camera is a continuously updated log .
Once back at base , the disc can be put into a computer and the entire route of the patrol can be superimposed over a zoom - in / zoom - out map , with each spot where a picture clearly marked ; a click on the mark and the image appears as a pop-up .
" We 've got about 1,000 of these downrange right now in Afghanistan and Iraq , " Kidd said .
-- Bryant Jordan
After Democrats lost two Gubernatorial elections , Obama claims to have found fiscal religion .
I will believe it when I see it .
Please consider Obama wants domestic spending cuts in next budget .
The Obama administration , mindful of public anxiety over the government 's mushrooming debt , is shifting emphasis from big - spending policies to deficit reduction .
Domestic agencies have been told to brace for a spending freeze or cuts of up to 5 percent as part of a midterm election - year push to rein in record budget shortfalls .
Yet with the economy still in distress and unemployment pushing past 10 percent , prospects for making a dent in a trillion - dollar - plus annual deficit seem slight .
And since the Pentagon and Department of Veterans Affairs would likely be shielded from such cuts , overtures toward trimming the deficit may hold more symbolic value than substance .
President Barack Obama is expected to make post - recession spending restraint a key theme of his State of the Union address in January and an important element of the budget he submits to Congress a few weeks later .
He is under increasing pressure , including from moderate and conservative members of his own party , to show he is serious about tackling a deficit that has become both an economic and political liability .
White House budget director Peter Orszag on Friday told The Associated Press it is imperative to start curbing the flow of red ink .
But he called it a balancing act and said acting too fast could undercut what appears to be a fledgling economic recovery .
Democratic officials in the White House and on Capitol Hill say options for locking in budget savings include caps on the amount of money Congress gets to distribute each year for agency operating budgets .
They spoke on condition of anonymity to frankly discuss internal deliberations .
The White House told agencies to submit spending plans that would , at the very least , freeze their budgets , and to prepare for cuts as high as 5 percent .
That edict is but one round in internal administration deliberations on the budget .
Cabinet heads are sure to seek exemptions , and Orszag warned that firm budget decisions have n't been made .
Congress will soon vote on legislation to raise the debt ceiling -- the limit on how much the government can borrow -- above the present $ 12.1 trillion .
On Friday , the nation 's overall debt stood at $ 11.99 trillion .
Some fiscally conservative lawmakers have said they would not vote for further increases in the debt ceiling until the administration took deficit - cutting steps .
The national debt is the accumulation of annual budget deficits .
The deficit for the 2009 budget year , which ended on Sept. 30 , set an all - time record in dollar terms at $ 1.42 trillion .
The flow of red ink has been increased by war spending for Iraq and Afghanistan , recession - fighting stimulus and bank bailout spending and by reduced tax revenues from high unemployment and reduced personal and business income .
Polls show rising public concern over deficits .
Exit polls from elections earlier this month showed clear majorities of Virginia and New Jersey voters said they were worried about the direction of the nation 's economy .
In both states , Republicans won gubernatorial seats that had been held by Democrats .
Republicans are seeking to capitalize on this month 's Democratic election setbacks and rising voter concerns over the burst in federal spending .
House Minority Leader John Boehner , R - Ohio , said the Democrats ' " so - called `war on deficits ' comes about a year late and more than a trillion dollars short . "
" Spending in Washington has been out of control for years , and instead of changing it as they promised they would , Speaker Nancy Pelosi and President Obama have stepped on the accelerator , " Boehner said in a statement .
Caps and Freezes No The Answer
U.S. defense bill would pay Taliban to switch sides
The defence bill President Barack Obama will sign into law on Wednesday contains a new provision that would pay Taliban fighters who renounce the insurgency , Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman Carl Levin said on Tuesday .
Under the legislation , Afghan fighters who renounce the insurgency would be paid for " mainly protection of their towns and villages , " Levin said .
Massive Defense Spending Leads to Job Loss
Defense spending means that the government is pulling away resources from the uses determined by the market and instead using them to buy weapons and supplies and to pay for soldiers and other military personnel .
In standard economic models , defense spending is a direct drain on the economy , reducing efficiency , slowing growth and costing jobs .
Global Insight ’s model projected that after 20 years the economy would be about 0.6 percentage points smaller as a result of the additional defense spending .
Slower growth would imply a loss of almost 700,000 jobs compared to a situation in which defense spending had not been increased .
Construction and manufacturing were especially big job losers in the projections , losing 210,000 and 90,000 jobs , respectively .
The scenario we asked Global Insight to model turned out to have vastly underestimated the increase in defense spending associated with current policy .
In the most recent quarter , defense spending was equal to 5.6 percent of GDP .
By comparison , before the September 11th attacks , the Congressional Budget Office projected that defense spending in 2009 would be equal to just 2.4 percent of GDP .
Our post - September 11th build - up was equal to 3.2 percentage points of GDP compared to the pre-attack baseline .
This means that the Global Insight projections of job loss are far too low .
The projected job loss from this increase in defense spending would be close to 2 million .
In other words , the standard economic models that project job loss from efforts to stem global warming also project that the increase in defense spending since 2000 will cost the economy close to 2 million jobs in the long run .
For some reason , no one has chosen to highlight the job loss associated with higher defense spending .
In fact , the job loss attributable to defense spending has probably never been mentioned in a single news story in the New York Times , Washington Post , National Public Radio , or any other major media outlet .
It is difficult to find a good explanation for this omission .
" We just marched in we can just march home "
" We just marched in we can just march home .
Besides , I will win this argument .
We are bankrupt and cannot afford it . "
" Let 's quit this militarism around the world .
We are in 130 countries and 700 bases around the world and we cannot sustain these .
It 's pumped out by the left and the right .
There is conservative Keynesianism and liberal Keynesianism which always fails and gives us the financial crisis we are in . "
Until the military moved in illegal diggers were seeking their fortune Zimbabwe is facing calls to be suspended from the international diamond trade following allegations of brutality by its soldiers .
Rights groups are lobbying members of the Kimberley Process , the body which regulates the trade in rough diamonds , to halt exports from Zimbabwe .
Activists say soldiers killed about 200 people at a diamond field .
The government denies the claims .
Kimberley Process members are holding a four - day meeting in Namibia .
Namibia 's government is a close ally of Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe 's Zanu - PF party , which is accused of profiting from the diamonds .
I thought they wanted to beat me but they said : ' Today you 're going to be our wife '
Zimbabwean witness at Marange crackdown The Kimberley Process , which has 70 members , was set up in 2003 to assure consumers that by purchasing diamonds they were not financing war or human rights abuses .
Campaigners are warning that its credibility will be undermined if it fails to act against Zimbabwe .
' Nightmare of lawlessness '
The country 's Marange diamond fields were once used by local prospectors to gather diamonds to sell on the black market .
But troops moved in late last year , and rights groups say they massacred about 200 people .
One witness told the BBC how tear gas was thrown from helicopters and policemen opened fire at the diamond field .
Another told how she was attacked by security forces during the crackdown .
" I thought they wanted to beat me but they said : ' Today you 're going to be our wife ' , " she said .
" That 's when I realised I was going to be raped . "
Human Rights
Watch said the police and army have turned what was a peaceful area into a " nightmare of lawlessness and horrific violence " .
Activists say local people are now being forced to search for diamonds , with all the profit being taken by Zanu - PF .
HRW insists the Kimberley Process should ensure diamonds are not mined in areas where human rights are being abused .
But Mugabe sympathisers argue that the Kimberley Process is meant only to ensure diamond profits are not used to fund conflict , and therefore Zimbabwe should not be banned .
Namibian MP Bernhard Esau , the current chairman of the Kimberley Process , told the BBC's Network Africa programme that Zimbabwe had " really serious problems " and needed help to remain " part of the family " .
He said there were problems with transporting the diamonds and fencing off the fields - suggesting that some " leakage " of the gems could occur .
But he said he had been shown no evidence of killings when he had visited the Marange field .
Some analysts argue that even if Zimbabwe were suspended , it would be almost impossible to prevent all the diamonds which are mined illegally from reaching the international market .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Yahoo !
has open sourced the back - end software platform that underpins the company 's webmail client and countless other applications offered up across its sweeping web portal .
Known as Traffic Server , the platform handles general edge caching , edge processing , and load balancing at Yahoo ! , but it 's also used to manage traffic on the company 's internal storage and server - virtualization services .
" It 's used at the edge , but it also gets used almost like an application server , " Chuck Neerdaels , Yahoo !
vp of content storage , delivery , and edge , tells The Reg .
It serves up the latest version of Yahoo !
Mail , for instance , which the company calls " Candy Gram . "
Acquired with Yahoo !'s purchase of Inktomi , Traffic Server has been in active use at the two companies for the past eight years .
According to Yahoo ! , it now handles 30,000 requests per second , serving 30 billion Web objects and 400 terabytes of data a day .
" It is a very mature , very reliable piece of technology , " says Shelton Shugar , Yahoo ! 's senior vp of cloud computing .
" In some form , it supports more than half of Yahoo ! 's traffic . "
The company donated a version of the platform to The Apache Software Foundation last week through the Apache Incubator program .
" This is part of our overhaul strategy to open source cloud services that are mature and not laden with Yahoo !- specific stuff that would n't make sense for open source , " says Shugar .
In June , the company open sourced its internal Hadoop distro , an internet - scale distributed data - crunching platform based the Apache project of the same name .
Neerdaels says Traffic Server was originally designed as a proxy cache .
But it 's Yahoo !'s go - to tool for http session management , and it includes an API for tweaking content all the way down at the protocol level .
" You can poke around with various headers and inject content and direct client requests to different backends , all through a relatively clean API , " he says .
Neerdaels and Shuger also describe Traffic Server as an " extensible framework " that lets you tweak the architecture according to the task at hand .
And , according to the company , it suits web operations both large and small .
" It 's simple enough for a small operation to pick it up quickly , " says Neerdaels .
" But the big players can pick it up and it will scale to meet their needs pretty impressively . "
Those 400 terabytes are served up from between 100 and 150 " commodity " machines . ®
Aw , suki suki now !
Those Netflix instant streaming discs that started floating out to anxious PS3 owners yesterday are obviously splashing down , with YouTube user ( and avid Engadget reader ) otimus posting up a stellar walkthrough showing everything in action .
We 've got to admit -- the whole thing looks exceptionally sleek , but given the PS3's multimedia prowess , we did n't really expect anything less .
He stated that he did n't notice any stuttering as he sifted through films and mashed play , and that any jitters you see in the video ( after the break ) can be blamed on the janky TV capture device .
So , any others receive their disc today ?
How 's the experience ?
[ Thanks , Otis ] :
Our best buds over at Joystiq got some quality hands - on time with this ( video is now after the break ) , so be sure and check it out
He said the Badghis district where the first helicopter went down was " where we see the nexus between the insurgency and the narcotics trade " .
One in six Americans in poverty in 2008
By Tom Eley
21 October 2009
A revised analysis of 2008 US census data shows that 47.4 million Americans , 15.8 percent of the population , lived below the official poverty line .
The figure is markedly higher than the official government tally , which recorded 39.8 million people in poverty , or 13.2 percent of the population .
The Census Bureau released the data on Tuesday , which is based on the National Academy of Sciences ( NAS ) method for measuring poverty , for consideration by Congress and the White House .
The Obama administration is reportedly considering altering the traditional method for measuring poverty in the US , which grossly underestimates the true level of social misery .
In arriving at the higher figure , the method recommended by the NAS took into account certain factors that the US Census Bureau typically ignores , including increasing costs related to health care , child care , and transportation , as well as regional variations in the cost of living .
Among its most striking findings , the NAS method reveals that nearly one fifth of elderly Americans live in poverty .
At 18.7 percent of the population age 65 and up , this is almost double the official census figure .
Around 14.3 percent of the population aged 18 to 64 is poor , a figure almost 3 percentage points higher than the official tally .
By taking into account the high cost of living in cities such as San Francisco , Boston , and New York City , the NAS figure also reveals much greater concentrations of poverty on the West Coast and the Northeast than official data suggests .
Currently , the official poverty level for a family of four is $ 21,203 .
Established in 1955 , the formula for determining the poverty threshold multiplies by three the estimated annual cost of groceries .
Such official estimates , many experts and advocacy groups point out , are absurdly low .
If anything , however , the NAS data also underestimates poverty in the US .
The method , for example , counts food stamps and other forms of assistance to the poor in total income .
This results in a slightly lower assessment of the number of children living in poverty in the US , at 17 percent as opposed to the Census Bureau statistic of 19 percent .
According to statistical analysis by the Economic Policy Institute in 2007 , a family of four in Peoria , Illinois , required $ 42,324 to be above poverty .
In Chicago , the figure was nearly $ 49,000 , and on Long Island in New York City , almost $ 72,000 — more than three times the official poverty level .
Last October , a study by the Working Poor Families Project found that 30 percent of US households were in poverty .
The survey , based on statistical analysis from census and labor data from 2004 through 2006 , defined poverty as a condition of households unable to meet their basic needs .
( See “ ' Working Poor ' report : Nearly 30 percent of US families subsist on poverty wages ” )
The social catastrophe resulting from the financial collapse of 2008 does not yet register in any of these statistics .
With official unemployment at nearly 10 percent , and the real rate far higher , the unemployment crisis is the worst the nation has experienced since the Great Depression .
Hundreds of thousands of workers are exhausting their modest unemployment benefits .
Meanwhile , for those fortunate enough to have jobs , wages have fallen at a rate not seen in nearly two decades , and the workweek has shrunk to its shortest on records dating back to 1960 .
At the same time , productivity is increasing — by a 6.6 percent annualized rate in the second quarter .
And working class Americans have seen the two largest sources of their personal wealth — home values and retirement plans — decline sharply .
For these reasons , there can be little doubt that when statistical analysis is carried out for 2009 , it will reveal a sharp increase in poverty .
There is little in the way of a social safety net in the US to ameliorate this misery , after decades of cuts to welfare and other social programs .
On the contrary , state and city governments are responding to unprecedented budget crises by further reducing outlays for social services .
The author also recommends :
US Census Bureau report : 40 million living in poverty
[ 30 September 2009 ]
NEW ORLEANS 
In its September newsletter , underneath a notice about using antibacterial wipes during flu season , the local Fraternal Order of Police reminded New Orleans officers they had a right to be represented by a lawyer when questioned by the F.B.I. , whether as a witness or as a potential target .
The warning has become routine for the police over the last few months here .
Four years after the department was accused of acting lawlessly in suppressing violence in the wake of Hurricane Katrina , dozens of officers , some from an elite unit , have been interviewed by the F.B.I. or faced subpoenas to testify before federal grand juries .
F.B.I. agents seized files from the department ’s homicide division .
And on a recent Saturday , a major city bridge , where police officers killed two men in the floodwaters of 2005 , was shut by federal investigators for several hours .
At least three federal investigations into the police are under way ; two concern civilian deaths in the anarchic days after the hurricane .
Their outcomes could answer some of the most disconcerting questions of the storm ’s aftermath  in particular , whether these were singular tragedies in the extraordinary chaos of the time or whether they laid bare deep problems in the force .
Wednesday , September 9 12:00 AM EDT Signs
You 're in a Class with Non-geeks
11 . You 're the only one raising your hand to answer questions .
10 .
You 're the only one who brought a graphing calculator to art class .
9 . You 're the only one reading Heinlein for your book report .
8 . No one laughs at the physics joke you just made , and it 's physics class for christ 's sake .
7 . When the teacher says , " This will be the toughest class you ever take . "
You 're the only one who says " Awesome ! " and means it .
6 . Everyone else needs help with a simple differential equation 5 .
They 're actually there while you 've sent your avatar .
4 . You 're the only one with a Heroes of Physics lunch pail featuring Newton , Einstein , Hawking and Planck .
3 . Although you 're not the only kid with a laptop , yours is the only one running Open Solaris .
2 . Other kids are texting on their iPhone and you 're writing an iPhone app .
1 . The kid next to you asks to borrow a pen , but does n't specify the colour and when you respond as such they just stare at you blankly .
This one goes to 11 .
Previous Story :
BBspot Mailbag Next Story :
Getting a Wii
Submitted by Edward harrison of Credit Writedowns
Yves covered this in an earlier post overnight .
Here ’s my take .
This is probably my fourth post on the tangled web woven by securitization , which puts a considerable distance between home owners and mortgagees which own a mortgage .
The issue is causing huge problems in bankruptcy and foreclosure in courts around the U.S .
Update : I now see Barry Ritholtz has a piece out on this as well .
This morning , Gretchen Morgenson has another good piece out describing how a judge nixed all claims by mortgagee which refused to modify a home owner ’s mortgage .
The debtors ’ revolt is on .
For decades , when troubled homeowners and banks battled over delinquent mortgages , it was n’t a contest .
Homes went into foreclosure , and lenders took control of the property .
On top of that , courts rubber - stamped the array of foreclosure charges that lenders heaped onto borrowers and took banks at their word when the lenders said they owned the mortgage notes underlying troubled properties .
In other words , with lenders in the driver ’s seat , borrowers were run over , more often than not …
But some judges are starting to scrutinize the rules - don’t - matter methods used by lenders and their lawyers in the recent foreclosure wave .
On occasion , lenders are even getting slapped around a bit .
One surprising smackdown occurred on Oct. 9 in federal bankruptcy court in the Southern District of New York .
Ruling that a lender , PHH Mortgage , had n’t proved its claim to a delinquent borrower ’s home in White Plains , Judge Robert D. Drain wiped out a $ 461,263 mortgage debt on the property .
That ’s right : the mortgage debt disappeared , via a court order .
I see this as a watershed case in jurisprudence surrounding mortgage - related bankruptcies and foreclosures .
The reason this is huge is that it echoes the case in Kansas I have written about in two previous posts :
At issue is the question of what legal rights do lenders or their agents have in foreclosure in the new byzantine world of securitized mortgages .
In the New York case the judge nixed the entire claim as the mortgagee could not prove it had legal claim to the mortgage note .
With the mortgagee unable to show ownership , the homeowner might even be able to stay in his home mortgage - free , Morgenson attests .
That ’s huge – and we should definitely expect an appeal .
In the Kansas case , MERS , a mortgage registrar , and a second - mortgage mortgagee were not informed of the homeowners bankruptcy and disposition of assets and claims before judgment was made .
Nevertheless , the district court , the appeals court AND the Kansas supreme court all upheld the original summary judgment arguing that MERS was not contingently necessary .
While I would expect this case to be appealed because of the precedent it could set , I do n’t see how it can be overturned after affirmation in every court – that is except through a politicization of the verdict .
Notice how PHH and MERS , the two lender agents in each cases , are not the actual owners of the mortgages .
They are the agents of the mortgagees .
This is why these cases have a lot to do with securitization
See also :
How much money is Wells Fargo really making ?
for how some of this affects earnings at money center banks .
Morgenson had another article of merit on this topic last week .
See her piece The Mortgage Machine Backfires .
This could get interesting .
Oh , and in an unrelated case , but also involving bank customers successfuly contesting big finance , Citibank Belgium is being held liable by state prosecutors for duping its savers into taking safe money out of their savings account and investing it in Lehman Brothers .
When Lehman went bust , 128 million euros of their savings money went poof .
See my story here .
Agence France Press has covered it , but do n’t expect it to get huge coverage in the U.S. Mish thinks Citigroup is in “ serious trouble ” globally .
So do I .
Let the backlash against reckless finance begin .
OPINION : There are too many politicians in the Oireachtas .
Fine Gael plans to cut those numbers and bring in radical changes in the way Ireland governs itself , writes ENDA KENNY
THE US writer Max de Pree said that the first responsibility of leadership is to define reality .
Well , hundreds of thousand of ordinary Irish workers and families have had reality defined pretty starkly for them over the last 18 months or so .
Massive job losses , the depressing re-emergence of emigration , increased taxes and depleted services have all hit home the new reality facing all our people .
Through all of this a government , whose failures are many and manifest , has struggled and failed to chart a credible course out of the crisis we now face .
We can , and do , blame reckless bankers , greedy developers and a cheer - leading government for getting us in to the mess we are now in , but wait in vain for that same government to chart a way out of the mess they helped create .
While we all wait in vain for that unlikely event to happen , we are subjected to ever - more blunt tax increases and spending cuts while the core system of governance , in its widest sense , remains unreformed and underperforming .
That can and must change .
I believe that radical change is needed in our society , across a range of sectors , if we are to emerge from our current depression .
Our economy , our public services and the very way we govern ourselves all have to change .
To have any credibility as a political system to drive that type of radical change , I am absolutely convinced that the change we need must begin within the political system itself .
As political leaders , if we seek to bring change and have change accepted , we must embody that change ourselves .
That is why , last Saturday night , I told 1,300 Fine Gael elected representatives , members and supporters that in government I would deliver the most fundamental changes in our political system in over 70 years .
I committed my party to put a proposition to the public , via a referendum , to abolish Seanad Éireann and to reduce the number of TDs in Dáil Éireann by at least 20 .
This type of change would save the taxpayer in the region of € 150 million over the course of a Dáil term .
While this type of saving is not trivial or inconsequential when one considers the swingeing cuts facing ordinary families , the longer - term benefits of this proposal are significantly greater .
As a party we have , and will continue to , bring forward radical proposals to change our country for the better .
As we bring those proposals forward , I want people to understand that we are serious about change .
We are serious about taking on vested interests .
And we are serious about slaying a few sacred cows .
Our commitment to change our system of governance is our first down - payment on a deal with you , the public , to transform our country .
And when I say transform , I use the word advisedly .
First off is the absolute requirement to get our country back to work .
Fine Gael has a plan to re-imagine our economy for the 21st century based on making massive new investment in our green energy sector , broadband facilities and clean water supply .
The plan , called NewEra , involves an € 11 billion stimulus package geared towards major new infrastructure in these vital areas .
This plan will be financed by new money funded from the Pension Reserve Fund , borrowings from the European Investment Bank and from the proceeds in the years ahead of the sale of some non-essential State companies .
The beauty and simplicity of the Fine Gael plan is that , in realising our vision of the future , we can get 100,000 people back to work in the short term .
One issue , probably more than any other , describes the abject failure of the Government over the last 12 years : health .
Has any government ever spent so much money on an issue with so little return ?
The Health Service Executive ( HSE ) , co-location , two - tier health system approach of the current government has failed .
Period .
It has simply not delivered the services our people deserve .
There is , however , a viable alternative on offer from Fine Gael .
Our FairCare proposal for a single - tiered health service with universal health insurance coverage is based on the successful Dutch health system .
I took the opportunity on Monday to visit Holland and see with my own two eyes a properly functioning health system .
No trolleys , patients seen within 10 minutes , no MRSA problem , no waiting lists – and all this on a budget that spends less per capita on health than we do .
It is a complete change of direction for Ireland .
The HSE as we know it would no longer exist and patients would get treated based on medical need , rather than personal income .
It has worked for 17 million Dutch people and , with the right attitude here , it can work for four million Irish people .
And it ’s those same four million Irish people that will benefit from a political system that is changed utterly from what we have grown used to .
Before making my speech on Saturday night , I asked my colleagues to look at other countries and compared how their parliaments work .
The blunt truth is that our Dáil is too big and we do not need a Second House .
New Zealand , with the same population as us , abolished its Second House and has only 120 parliamentarians .
And its system works .
We have 226 and our system does n’t .
I strongly believe that we can , and should , reduce the total number of Oireachtas members by 35 per cent .
We can have a streamlined , more responsive and more transparent political system , and in power I will make sure that it happens .
Ministers answering questions and being held to account , committees with the power to do the work of tribunals , office holders not hiding behind quangos they ’ve set up and a 50 per cent increase in the sitting days .
All of this can and will happen .
The only true valid test of leadership is the ability to lead and to lead vigorously .
A personal hero of mine , John Kennedy , said that in 1960 .
The words still ring true today .
The test is still valid , my determination to pass that test still complete .
Dramatic interventions are needed to drive the radical change we need to see in our country .
Our political system is first in line .
Other areas will necessarily have to follow .
Enda Kenny is leader of Fine Gael
Obama : ' This is a Health Care Bill , Not an Abortion Bill ' ABC News ' Jake Tapper sits down with the president for an exclusive interview .
Nov. 9 , 2009  -- President Obama said today that Congress needs to change abortion - related language in the health care bill passed by the House of Representatives this weekend .
" I laid out a very simple principle , which is this is a health care bill , not an abortion bill , " Obama said .
" And we 're not looking to change what is the principle that has been in place for a very long time , which is federal dollars are not used to subsidize abortions . "
Saying the bill cannot change the status quo regarding the ban on federally funded abortions , the president said , " There are strong feelings on both sides " about an amendment passed Saturday and added to the legislation , " and what that tells me is that there needs to be some more work before we get to the point where we 're not changing the status quo . "
After a contentious debate , the House passed a health care bill Saturday that includes a provision banning abortion from being covered in the public insurance option contained in the bill .
The bill also prevents women receiving insurance subsidies from purchasing private plans that cover abortion .
Liberals in the House Democratic caucus were opposed to these provisions but voted for the overall bill .
In an exclusive television interview in the Map Room of the White House , Obama told ABC News ' Jake Tapper that he was confident that the final legislation will ensure that " neither side feels that it 's being betrayed . "
" I want to make sure that the provision that emerges meets that test -- that we are not in some way sneaking in funding for abortions , but , on the other hand , that we 're not restricting women 's insurance choices , " he said .
Watch more of President Obama 's interview with Jake Tapper tonight on " World News " and " Nightline " and tomorrow on " Good Morning America . "
The president was also asked about concerns that the Medicare cuts he proposes to help pay for health care reform would be undone by Congress subsequently , as is often the case with deficit and cost cutting measures .
" Are you willing to pledge that whatever cuts in Medicare are being made to fund health insurance , one third of it , that you will veto anything that tries to undo that ? "
Tapper asked .
" Yes , " the president said .
" I actually have said that it is important for us to make sure this thing is deficit neutral , without tricks . "
Obama told ABC
News there is still more work to be done before a final health care bill reaches his desk for a signature .
" I think everybody understands that there 's going to be work to be done on the Senate side , " he said .
" It 's not going to match up perfectly with the House side . "
Obama : All Necessary Steps Will Be Taken to Prevent Another Tragedy Like Fort Hood
On Tuesday , Obama will attend a memorial service at Fort Hood for the 13 killed in last week 's shooting .
Today he reiterated that the nation is " heartbroken " by what happened there Thursday , but said there are many questions to be answered .
The president was asked about an ABC News report that intelligence officials learned months ago that Maj .
Malik Nidal Hasan had reached out via the Internet to al Qaeda affiliates , and had passed it into military intelligence , though no official actions seem to have been taken .
But he would n't say directly whether he was concerned that the U.S. government failed to communicate with itself as was seen in the investigation into 9/11 .
" We are going to complete this investigation and we 're going to take whatever steps are necessary to make sure that something like this does n't happen again , " he said .
Obama said it was important to let the investigation play itself out so the details as to how and why the rampage happened are known before he comments further .
Asked what philosophically separates an act of violence from an act of terrorism , the president said , " I think the questions that we 're asking now and we do n't have yet complete answers to is , is this an individual who 's acting in this way or is it some larger set of actors ?
You know , what are the motivations ?
Those are all questions that I think we have to ask ourselves .
Until we have these answers buttoned down , I 'd rather not comment on it .
President Continues to Weigh Afghanistan Strategy Decision , Describes Impact of Dover AFB , Walter Reed Medical Center Visits
Obama has yet to publicly announce his decision on a new way forward in Afghanistan and is deliberating whether to send more U.S. troops there , as the commander on the ground , Gen. Stanley McChrystal , has requested .
He will meet again Wednesday with his top national security advisors to discuss the Afghanistan strategy .
Asked what variables would play into his decision - making that would cause him to not just take McChystal 's recommendation and implement it , Obama said today that he 's talking to a wide variety of people , both commanders and civilians , to get the best possible picture of the situation .
" I 've been asking not only Gen. McChrystal , but all of our commanders who are familiar with the situation , as well as our civilian folks on the ground , a lot of questions that , until they 're answered , may -- may create a situation in which we resource something based on faulty premises , " the president said .
Obama described his deliberative process as making " sure that we have tested all the assumptions that we 're making before we send young men and women into harm 's way , that if we are sending additional troops , that the prospects of a functioning Afghan government are enhanced , that the prospects of al Qaeda being able to attack the U.S. homeland are reduced . "
The president in the last week has visited Dover Air Force Base to participate in the " dignified transfer " of troops killed in Afghansitan , and he has visited with wounded troops at Walter Reed Army Hospital .
He said such visits " absolutely " have an impact on his decision - making process because it " reminds me that -- these are n't abstractions .
The decisions that we make in this White House have consequences for our long - term security and they also have consequences for the individuals who are being deployed . "
He added that " as commander in chief , my job is not to just think in terms of one individual or short - term costs , but also what 's required to prevent another 9/11 , what 's required to make sure that we 're not seeing another USS Cole .
And , you know , ultimately , when I make a decision , it 's going to be based on the over arching view of U.S. national security .
But I think I would be making poorer decisions if I did n't have to look into the eyes of a family member who had lost a loved one and tell them how grateful we are as a nation that -- that -- that moment , I think , ensures that I 'm making the best possible decisions going forward . "
Obama Looks at NY - 23 Special Election as ' Important Signal ' for Democrats
Obama said the main message he took from last week 's election results – with Republicans winning gubernatorial races in New Jersey and Virginia – was that Americans are " nervous , and they 're worried and they 're anxious . "
" I do n't think there 's any denying the fact that people are worried out there , " he said .
Obama said Democrat Bill Owens ' victory in the special election in New York 's 23rd congressional district , the one bright spot for the president 's party last Tuesday , " sent an important signal . "
" Bill Owens , the Democrat in a traditionally Republican district , a district that had been Republican for 100 years , did not shy away from saying he supported health insurance reform , that he supported the Recovery Act and the progress that we have made there , and ended up winning , " Obama said .
White House Looks for Ways to Stimulate Job Growth
Obama is also under increasing pressure to do more for the economy .
The nation 's unemployment rate jumped to 10.2 percent in October , the highest rate since 1983 .
The Bureau of Labor Statistics jobs report , released last Friday , was worse than expected , showing employers shed 190,000 jobs last month .
The president said today that the " main message " he took from last week 's elections – in which Democrats won two House seats and Republicans won two gubernatorial races – " is that the American people are looking at over 10 percent unemployment and they 're nervous and they 're worried and they 're anxious .
And they want to make sure that the people here in Washington are fighting for them .
" I do n't think there 's any denying the fact that people are worried out there , " he said .
" And , you know , what I 've said to fellow Democrats is let 's get the job done on the health care bill that is so important to this country 's long - term well - being , we can look back at the end of this year and I think we 'll be able to legitimately say that we have had the most productive legislative session at least since 1965 . "
Said the president , " People have to be convinced that we understand the problem and that we 're working on it .
And if we do those things , then I think the American people will feel like we have been good and responsible stewards for an economy during some very difficult times . "
The president was asked if independent voters who supported him in 2008 but overwhelmingly voted Republican in New jersey and Virginia were convinced he was fighting for them and working to create jobs .
" I think that they are convinced that I am doing everything I can , " he said .
" But they want to see results .
And if they are not seeing results on the jobs front , which is the thing that people feel most acutely , most immediately -- their neighbors , their friends , themselves seeing their hours cut or their -- their jobs at risk , then , you know , they 're going to hold me -- rightly -- responsible .
And they 're going to hold Congress appropriately responsible , and they 're going to hold their respective governors responsible . "
Most of us in the developed world now have relationships with computers – and access to information and entertainment – that we could not have dreamt about even a decade or so ago .
We spend our days sifting emails and browsing the internet , then relax by tweeting or networking online and playing computer games , sometimes all at the same time .
All this , according to Dr Gary Small of UCLA , is changing us .
Dr Small , one of America 's leading neurologists , has written a book , iBrain – Surviving the Technological Alteration of the Modern Mind , that describes what he believes is the profound impact of new technology on our brains and behaviour .
His research indicates that internet use and web - browsing has a marked effect on our brains , which , he argues , are much more changeable than most of us think , especially in the case of young people .
Repeated daily actions such as web research and browsing direct the growth of neurons and connections within the brain , affecting thinking and behaviour .
While the internet enhances our brain function in some ways – his study found it boosted decision - making and complex reasoning in older people – it can also lead to memory loss .
Some research suggests there may be links between excessive computer use and conditions such as attention deficit disorder , depression and anxiety in younger people .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
But the news is not all bad .
Research at UCLA has revealed that just one hour of internet use per day can measurably boost brain function .
" As our brain is plastic and remoulds itself in accordance to our daily activities , prolonged computer use can have a profound effect on the way we think , feel and behave , " says Professor Small .
" We can learn to react more quickly to visual stimuli and improve many forms of attention .
We develop a better ability to sift through large amounts of information rapidly and decide what 's important and what is n't .
In this way , we adapt to cope with the massive amounts of information appearing and disappearing on our mental screens from moment to moment . "
However , some researchers fear prolonged computer use could damage social skills .
A Stanford University study found that for every hour we spend on our computers , traditional face - to - face interaction time with other people drops by almost 30 minutes .
With less face - to - face contact and body language , we may begin to misinterpret others .
Our human relationships may suffer , with areas in the prefrontal cortex which respond to facial expression becoming less developed .
Decision - making may suffer , too .
" Qualitatively , high - speed decisions are not the same as the type of decision that you slowly contemplate and make over time , " says Professor Small .
More pondered decision - making has " a depth that speedy thinking cannot grasp " .
Benefiting most from computers and technology is all about balance : " It 's common sense .
You should aim to balance internet time with real social time as much as you can .
If you work all day at a computer , make sure you mix with real people in the evening , rather than using social - networking sites on the internet or playing computer games . "
And " If you never use computers , then start , " Professor Small recommends .
" As we found , even an hour a day can vastly improve your information processing skills , even in people aged 55 to 60 . "
Internet research
What it does : Boosts the ability to integrate and process information as well as enhancing decision - making skills .
Using rapid spurts of directed concentration for internet research enhances our ability to focus our attention , analyse information and make instant decisions .
Assessing these skills , Professor Pam Briggs at Northumbria University found web surfers spent two seconds or less on any particular website before moving on to the next .
She found they sifted information accurately , despite operating at high speed , stopping only at sites that contained relevant information .
These " high - speed " research skills can be learnt at any age and actively enhance brain function .
Professor Gary Small compared the brains of middle - aged people who rarely use the internet to those of experienced internet users , as they conducted web searches for an hour each day .
With the inexperienced users , " After five days , areas of the prefrontal cortex that control our ability to make decisions and integrate complex information had become markedly more active , " says Professor Small .
" These areas were fairly inactive at the beginning of our experiment .
But after five days they were as active as regular internet users .
This indicates that brain function can change and improve with internet use quickly , even when you are older . "
General browsing
What it does : Encourages the use of continuous partial attention and multi-tasking , which can impair cognition and cause irritability
Hopping from one subject to the next on the web without a specific goal can both be both stimulating and engaging – but also stressful and may lead to " computer fatigue " .
" When people browse the web , they often enter a state of continuous partial attention , " says Professor Small .
" In this , a person might be simultaneously clicking on websites , replying to an email , or speaking on the phone .
This enhances multi-tasking skills , but the problem is that the brain enters a heightened state of stress .
" As a result , many people who have been working on the internet for several hours report making mistakes and feeling fatigued , irritable and spaced - out .
Over time , we know that continual exposure to stress hormones can impair cognition and alter neural circuitry in brain regions that control mood and thought , " he explains .
To counteract all this , Professor Small recommends taking regular breaks away from the screen .
Looking at people who are suffering from such computer fatigue , researchers at Harvard University found that a quick 20 - 30 minute nap had the effect of improving computer performance significantly .
Playing computer games
What it does :
May improve multi-tasking skills , memory and peripheral vision .
Can lead to antisocial behaviour .
Previous research has convincingly shown that excessive use of computer games can cause stress , and even lead to violence , by causing adrenalin surges .
It has also been shown that in young people it can impair the development of the frontal lobe , which is the part of the brain that usually inhibits anti-social behaviour .
But not all games are equal , and the news is not all bad .
Looking at volunteers who played computer games for eight hours a week , neuroscientist Paul Kearney at Unitec , New Zealand , found that multi-tasking skills were enhanced two - and - a half times .
Meanwhile research at Rochester University in the US found that video - game playing , which requires an overall awareness of the video screen , can improve peripheral vision .
" Computer games exercise a range of neurological functions , such as performing goal - oriented tasks , using spatial awareness and engaging reflex reactions , " explains Professor Small .
" Played regularly , all these functions are likely to improve . "
Specialised computer games , such as Nintendo's Brain Age and Brain Fitness Program , have been specifically designed to enhance memory and cognition .
Doctors nowadays recommend memory - boosting exercises such as these as a way of staving off age - related diseases such as Alzheimer's .
Building a blog or website
What it does : Building a blog or your own website improves frontal lobe function , reasoning and memory .
" As you learn to build a site or blog , brain areas that are needed for making logical connections as well as medium to longer - term functional memory are challenged and enhanced , " explains Professor Small .
" Your memory is improved by learning and remembering how to construct a site or blog , and will be enhanced the more you actually use and update your site , " he adds .
To keep these brain functions active , add to your skill levels by learning new web - building functions and updating your site .
Sorting email
What it does : Boosts information - processing functions in the brain 's frontal lobe .
Can also cause stress .
" By sorting through email on a daily basis we develop a better ability to sift through large amounts of information rapidly and decide what 's important and what is n't , " says Professor Small .
" In this way , we are able to cope with massive amounts of information appearing and disappearing on our mental screens from moment to moment . "
While this helps with information processing , we are also at risk of email burnout – a state of stress triggered by feeling overloaded .
" This is similar to computer fatigue and can be prevented by taking regular breaks , " says Professor Small .
Using emoticons
What it does : Exercises brain centres linked to emotion and social connection ; particularly beneficial to those who use computers for long periods .
Using abbreviations or smiley faces in email correspondence has been found to stimulate the gyrus – the same area of the brain that is activated by one - to - one emotional contact .
" Neuroscientists at Tokyo Denki University , Japan , discovered that when volunteers viewed emoticons during an MRI scan , their right inferior frontal gyrus was activated , " says Professor Small .
" This area is linked to emotional contact rather than reasoned or rational thinking . "
Sending and receiving emoticons , he says , is important as it can , perhaps rather ironically , help to offset feelings of isolation that can be caused by excessive computer use .
Using emoticons may also help to keep areas of the brain that need emotional connection active and healthy .
Tweeting and chatrooms
What it does : Enhances peripheral attention , helps to boost self - esteem and protects the hippocampus .
Using virtual chatrooms , tweets or instant messaging to keep up with friends , virtual friends and virtual lovers keeps us feeling connected , which in turn bolsters self - esteem .
" Neuro - imaging studies suggest that this sense of self - worth may protect the size of the hippocampus , an area of the brain which allows us to learn and remember new information , " says Professor Small .
" However at some point the sense of control and self - worth generated through virtual relationships breaks down .
" Firstly , internet relationships seem intimate but they are not , and people can suddenly cut you off .
Also our brains are not built to maintain connections for extended periods via computers . "
The key to maintaining true connection and self - esteem , he says , is balance .
" Be careful not to use virtual relationships as a substitute for real - life experiences .
Aim to maintain a balance by ensuring you have enough ' real - person time ' away from the computer . "
I am going rogue .
Democrats can win the 2010 elections if they remember why they were elected in 2006 and 2008 .
They could lose big if they do n’t .
ADVERTISEMENT
President Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaIt 's now up to health systems to solve our food problems Testing the Electoral College process against judicial overreach Obama steps into The Shade Room to urge ' roommates ' to vote , says White House ' working to keep people from voting '
MORE ’s support for the public option has been weak at best , but behind the scenes there is a major effort to pass it .
If the president fights for it , he wins with majority public support .
House Financial Services Committee Chairman Barney Frank ( D - Mass . ) is holding major hearings Thursday for the bill he introduced with Rep. Carolyn Maloney ( D - N.Y. ) to end credit card abuses by moving the effective date of the credit card law to this year .
If Frank and Maloney fight for this bill with the president ’s support , they win .
They would be applauded by voters holding some 700 million credit cards who are angry at being abused by banks that announce gigantic bonuses , made possible by gigantic bailouts , paid for by them .
Democrats could lose real or effective control of the House in 2010 .
If they do , the Obama program is bye - bye , kaput , and farewell .
The Obama years would be a modest interlude that began with profound promise but ended with business as usual in Washington that fomented the same backlash against Democrats that defeated Republicans .
Do n’t believe pundits who are brilliant at predicting yesterday ’s news .
They were often wrong about 2006 and 2008 .
They live in a Stockholm Syndrome of insiderism .
Democrats can still win in 2010 .
Frank Rich nailed it Sunday in The New York Times .
Democrats were not elected to glorify Democratic insiders dining at plush restaurants and reaping payola selling their soul and their party for things they never believed in , doling out cash to Democratic members to entice them to vote for things they never believed in , either .
I am going rogue because I believe Democrats can win if they fight like hell for things they believe in , which most Americans want , and will lose by accepting the Gilded Age abuses , which most Americans despise .
Democrats can win if they stop being corrupted by cash and bullied by lies paid for by special interests .
Democrats will lose if they remain cowed into fear by those who shout at town meetings , yell at joint sessions , rant on cable television , slander on talk radio , bring guns to greet elected officials , take surveys about violence against presidents , cheer when America does not win the Olympics and filibuster to preserve , protect and defend the despised status quo .
The president should fight for the public option the majority of Americans support .
Democrats should stand with the huge majority of Americans to end credit card rip - offs that punish consumers and small businesses that create the jobs our nation desperately needs .
Democrats should stand against the price - fixing and premium - gouging that plague the health of heartland America .
If Democrats have the courage of their convictions and campaign promises , they can win in 2010 .
Budowsky was an aide to former Sen. Lloyd Bentsen and Bill Alexander , then chief deputy majority whip of the House .
He holds an LL.M. degree in international financial law from the London School of Economics .
He can be read on The Hill ’s Pundits Blog and reached at brentbbi@webtv.net .
Functional Geometry
Peter Henderson wrote an article about a method to describe pictures with functional programs .
I 've implemented it in Lisp .
An updated version of the article uses curves and different shapes and has some references to other applications for this method , like " An Algebra of Music " .
How it works
The basic unit is a picture , which is a function , which must be called with three vectors : vector " a " for the offset from left bottom and vector " b " and " c " for the bounding box .
The " grid " function returns such a picture function .
For example we can define a simple figure :
( defparameter * man * ( grid 14 20 ( polygon '( ( 6 10 ) ( 0 10 ) ( 0 12 ) ( 6 12 ) ( 6 14 ) ( 4 16 ) ( 4 18 ) ( 6 20 ) ( 8 20 ) ( 10 18 ) ( 10 16 ) ( 8 14 ) ( 8 12 ) ( 10 12 ) ( 10 14 ) ( 12 14 ) ( 12 10 ) ( 8 10 ) ( 8 8 ) ( 10 0 ) ( 8 0 ) ( 7 4 ) ( 6 0 ) ( 4 0 ) ( 6 8 ) ) ) ) )
Plotted it looks like this :
Now we can define a function " beside " , with the pictures " p " and " q " as arguments , which returns a function with three vectors as arguments , which calls the pictures " p " and " q " with this three vectors .
So " p " and " q " are functions , which are arguments to a function , which in turn returns another function .
This sounds complicated , but is very elegant , if once understanded .
See the implementation section for how it is implemented .
If you use it , you simply write it like this :
( beside * man * * man * )
Some other functions :
( above * man * * man * )
( rot * man * )
But you 'll get the full power of this concept , if you combine the functions to new functions .
I never really understood , how it could be useful to use higher order functions as combinators , but it is immediatly clear , if you use it for geometry .
For example we can define " quartet " like this :
( defun quartet ( p1 p2 p3 p4 ) " returns the pictures p1 - p4 , layouted in a square " ( above ( beside p1 p2 ) ( beside p3 p4 ) ) )
You use it like this :
( quartet * man * * man * * man* * man * )
Another function :
( cycle * man * )
The fishes
With these functions you can define interesting graphics .
These are the elements for the Escher drawing ( see the article for details ) :
; ; defines part p of the fish ( defparameter * p* ( grid 16 16 '( ( ( 4 4 ) ( 6 0 ) ) ( ( 0 3 ) ( 3 4 ) ) ( ( 3 4 ) ( 0 8 ) ) ( ( 0 8 ) ( 0 3 ) ) ( ( 4 5 ) ( 7 6 ) ) ( ( 7 6 ) ( 4 10 ) ) ( ( 4 10 ) ( 4 5 ) ) ( ( 11 0 ) ( 10 4 ) ) ( ( 10 4 ) ( 8 8 ) ) ( ( 8 8 ) ( 4 13 ) ) ( ( 4 13 ) ( 0 16 ) ) ( ( 11 0 ) ( 14 2 ) ) ( ( 14 2 ) ( 16 2 ) ) ( ( 10 4 ) ( 13 5 ) ) ( ( 13 5 ) ( 16 4 ) ) ( ( 9 6 ) ( 12 7 ) ) ( ( 12 7 ) ( 16 6 ) ) ( ( 8 8 ) ( 12 9 ) ) ( ( 12 9 ) ( 16 8 ) ) ( ( 8 12 ) ( 16 10 ) ) ( ( 0 16 ) ( 6 15 ) ) ( ( 6 15 ) ( 8 16 ) ) ( ( 8 16 ) ( 12 12 ) ) ( ( 12 12 ) ( 16 12 ) ) ( ( 10 16 ) ( 12 14 ) ) ( ( 12 14 ) ( 16 13 ) ) ( ( 12 16 ) ( 13 15 ) ) ( ( 13 15 ) ( 16 14 ) ) ( ( 14 16 ) ( 16 15 ) ) ) ) )
; ; defines part q of the fish ( defparameter * q* ( grid 16 16 ' ( ( ( 2 0 ) ( 4 5 ) ) ( ( 4 5 ) ( 4 7 ) ) ( ( 4 0 ) ( 6 5 ) ) ( ( 6 5 ) ( 6 7 ) ) ( ( 6 0 ) ( 8 5 ) ) ( ( 8 5 ) ( 8 8 ) ) ( ( 8 0 ) ( 10 6 ) ) ( ( 10 6 ) ( 10 9 ) ) ( ( 10 0 ) ( 14 11 ) ) ( ( 12 0 ) ( 13 4 ) ) ( ( 13 4 ) ( 16 8 ) ) ( ( 16 8 ) ( 15 10 ) ) ( ( 15 10 ) ( 16 16 ) ) ( ( 16 16 ) ( 12 10 ) ) ( ( 12 10 ) ( 6 7 ) ) ( ( 6 7 ) ( 4 7 ) ) ( ( 4 7 ) ( 0 8 ) ) ( ( 13 0 ) ( 16 6 ) ) ( ( 14 0 ) ( 16 4 ) ) ( ( 15 0 ) ( 16 2 ) ) ( ( 0 10 ) ( 7 11 ) ) ( ( 9 12 ) ( 10 10 ) ) ( ( 10 10 ) ( 12 12 ) ) ( ( 12 12 ) ( 9 12 ) ) ( ( 8 15 ) ( 9 13 ) ) ( ( 9 13 ) ( 11 15 ) ) ( ( 11 15 ) ( 8 15 ) ) ( ( 0 12 ) ( 3 13 ) ) ( ( 3 13 ) ( 7 15 ) ) ( ( 7 15 ) ( 8 16 ) ) ( ( 2 16 ) ( 3 13 ) ) ( ( 4 16 ) ( 5 14 ) ) ( ( 6 16 ) ( 7 15 ) ) ) ) )
; ; defines part r of the fish ( defparameter *r* ( grid 16 16 ' ( ( ( 0 12 ) ( 1 14 ) ) ( ( 0 8 ) ( 2 12 ) ) ( ( 0 4 ) ( 5 10 ) ) ( ( 0 0 ) ( 8 8 ) ) ( ( 1 1 ) ( 4 0 ) ) ( ( 2 2 ) ( 8 0 ) ) ( ( 3 3 ) ( 8 2 ) ) ( ( 8 2 ) ( 12 0 ) ) ( ( 5 5 ) ( 12 3 ) ) ( ( 12 3 ) ( 16 0 ) ) ( ( 0 16 ) ( 2 12 ) ) ( ( 2 12 ) ( 8 8 ) ) ( ( 8 8 ) ( 14 6 ) ) ( ( 14 6 ) ( 16 4 ) ) ( ( 6 16 ) ( 11 10 ) ) ( ( 11 10 ) ( 16 6 ) ) ( ( 11 16 ) ( 12 12 ) ) ( ( 12 12 ) ( 16 8 ) ) ( ( 12 12 ) ( 16 16 ) ) ( ( 13 13 ) ( 16 10 ) ) ( ( 14 14 ) ( 16 12 ) ) ( ( 15 15 ) ( 16 14 ) ) ) ) )
; ; defines part s of the fish ( defparameter * s* ( grid 16 16 ' ( ( (0 0 ) ( 4 2 ) ) ( ( 4 2 ) ( 8 2 ) ) ( ( 8 2 ) ( 16 0 ) ) ( ( 0 4 ) ( 2 1 ) ) ( ( 0 6 ) ( 7 4 ) ) ( ( 0 8 ) ( 8 6 ) ) ( ( 0 10 ) ( 7 8 ) ) ( ( 0 12 ) ( 7 10 ) ) ( ( 0 14 ) ( 7 13 ) ) ( ( 8 16 ) ( 7 13 ) ) ( ( 7 13 ) ( 7 8 ) ) ( ( 7 8 ) ( 8 6 ) ) ( ( 8 6 ) ( 10 4 ) ) ( ( 10 4 ) ( 16 0 ) ) ( ( 10 16 ) ( 11 10 ) ) ( ( 10 6 ) ( 12 4 ) ) ( ( 12 4 ) ( 12 7 ) ) ( ( 12 7 ) ( 10 6 ) ) ( ( 13 7 ) ( 15 5 ) ) ( ( 15 5 ) ( 15 8 ) ) ( ( 15 8 ) ( 13 7 ) ) ( ( 12 16 ) ( 13 13 ) ) ( ( 13 13 ) ( 15 9 ) ) ( ( 15 9 ) ( 16 8 ) ) ( ( 13 13 ) ( 16 14 ) ) ( ( 14 11 ) ( 16 12 ) ) ( ( 15 9 ) ( 16 10 ) ) ) ) )
( defparameter * t* ( quartet * p* * q* *r* * s* ) )
( defparameter *u* ( cycle ( rot * q * ) ) )
( defparameter * side1 * ( quartet ( blank ) ( blank ) ( rot * t * ) * t* ) )
( defparameter * side2 * ( quartet * side1 * * side1 * ( rot * t* ) * t* ) )
( defparameter * corner1 * ( quartet ( blank ) ( blank ) ( blank ) * u* ) )
( defparameter * corner2 * ( quartet * corner1 * * side1 * ( rot * side1 * ) * u* ) )
( defparameter * pseudocorner * ( quartet * corner2 * * side2 * ( rot * side2 * ) ( rot * t* ) ) )
( defparameter * fishes * ( cycle * pseudocorner * ) )
Fishes in PDF and Postscript .
The implementation
First we define some mathematical functions on 2D vectors , which are represented as a list of two numbers :
( defun p* ( vector m ) " vector scalar multiplication " ( destructuring - bind ( vx vy ) vector ( list (* vx m ) (* vy m ) ) ) ) ( defun p/ ( vector d ) " vector scalar division " ( destructuring - bind ( vx vy ) vector ( list ( / vx d ) ( / vy d ) ) ) ) ( defun p+ ( &rest vectors ) " #'+ for vectors " ( case ( length vectors ) ( 0 ' ( 0 0 ) ) ( 1 ( car vectors ) ) ( otherwise ( flet ( ( p+p ( v1 v2 ) ( destructuring - bind ( vx0 vy0 ) v1 ( destructuring - bind ( vx1 vy1 ) v2 ( list (+ vx0 vx1 ) (+ vy0 vy 1 ) ) ) ) ) ) ( reduce #'p+p vectors ) ) ) ) ) ( defun p- ( &rest vectors ) " #'- for vectors " ( case ( length vectors ) ( 0 ' ( 0 0 ) ) ( 1 ( p* ( car vectors ) - 1 ) ) ( otherwise ( flet ( ( p - p ( v1 v2 ) ( destructuring - bind ( vx0 vy0 ) v1 ( destructuring - bind ( vx1 vy1 ) v2 ( list ( - vx0 vx1 ) ( - vy0 vy 1 ) ) ) ) ) ) ( reduce #'p - p vectors ) ) ) ) )
And now the functions , with which we can construct pictures :
( defun grid ( m n s ) " defines a picture from lines in a grid " ( lambda ( a b c ) ( loop for line in s collect ( destructuring - bind ( ( x0 y0 ) ( x1 y1 ) ) line ( list ( p+ ( p/ ( p* b x0 ) m ) a ( p/ ( p* c y0 ) n ) ) ( p+ ( p/ ( p* b x1 ) m ) a ( p/ ( p* c y 1 ) n ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( defun polygon ( points ) " converts the points , which specifies a polygon , in a list of lines " ( let ( ( start ( car ( last points ) ) ) ) ( loop for point in points collect ( list start point ) do ( setf start point ) ) ) ) ( defun blank ( ) " a blank picture " ( lambda ( a b c ) ( declare ( ignore a b c ) ) '( ) ) ) ( defun beside ( p q ) " returns picture p besides picture q " ( lambda ( a b c ) ( let ( ( b - half ( p/ b 2 ) ) ) ( union ( funcall p a b - half c ) ( funcall q ( p+ a b - half ) b- half c ) ) ) ) ) ( defun above ( p q ) " returns picture q above picture p " ( lambda ( a b c ) ( let ( ( c - half ( p/ c 2 ) ) ) ( union ( funcall p ( p+ a c- half ) b c-half ) ( funcall q a b c- half ) ) ) ) ) ( defun rot ( p ) " returns picture p rotated by 90 degree " ( lambda ( a b c ) ( funcall p ( p+ a b ) c ( p- b ) ) ) ) ( defun quartet ( p1 p2 p3 p4 ) " returns the pictures p1 - p4 , layouted in a square " ( above ( beside p1 p2 ) ( beside p3 p4 ) ) ) ( defun cycle ( p ) " returns four times the p , layouted in a square and rotated " ( quartet p ( rot ( rot ( rot p ) ) ) ( rot p ) ( rot ( rot p ) ) ) )
A platform dependent function shows a picture as Postscript :
( defun plot ( p ) " saves a picture as postscript and shows it " ( with - open - file ( s " c:/tmp/test.ps " : direction :output :if-exists : supersede ) ( format s " 500 500 scale ~ % " ) ( format s " .1 .1 translate~ % " ) ( format s " 0 setlinewidth ~ % " ) ( format s " 0 0 moveto 1 0 lineto 1 1 lineto 0 1 lineto 0 0 lineto~ % " ) ( dolist ( line ( funcall p ' ( 0 0 ) ' ( 1 0 ) ' ( 0 1 ) ) ) ( destructuring - bind ( ( x0 y0 ) ( x1 y1 ) ) line ( format s " ~D ~D moveto ~D ~D lineto~ % " ( float x0 ) ( float y0 ) ( float x1 ) ( float y1 ) ) ) ) ( format s " stroke~ % " ) ( format s " showpage ~ % " ) ) ( sys:call - system " c:/gs/gs7.05/bin/gswin32.exe - g800x800 c:/tmp/test.ps " ) )
The source in one file .
23 . January 2005 , Frank Buß
RABAT , Morocco —
Death threats , police interrogations and a media firestorm are n’t typical upshots of a decision to enjoy an afternoon picnic .
But that ’s just what happened after a circle of Moroccan activists tried meeting for an outdoor lunch during Ramadan last month .
The activists planned the meal to protest a national law that punishes those who break the Islamic holy month ’s mandatory daytime fast .
Their stated aim was to spur debate on religious freedom .
The resulting brouhaha has observers debating the sway fundamentalists hold in a country that has a 98 percent Muslim majority and which , despite travel advertisements that make its society appear modern and secular , is actually quite traditional .
“ Moroccan society is particularly hard on people who do n’t observe Ramadan , ” said Zineb El Rhazoui , 27 , a Casablanca journalist who helped organize the protest .
“ If people see you eating in the street , they attack you .
This needs to be stopped . ”
Billing themselves as the Alternative Movement for Individual Liberty , the group came together in a manner befitting one of the Arab world ’s more web - savvy countries — on Facebook .
The French acronym for the group ’s name , MALI , is also fitting .
In Moroccan Arabic " mali " translates roughly to “ what do you blame me for ? ” or “ what ’s wrong with me ? ”
If you ask Moroccan authorities , the answer seems to be : plenty .
The picnickers planned to meet on Sept. 13 halfway between Casablanca and the capital city of Rabat — a compromise between residents of the country ’s financial and administrative hubs .
But as the handful of snack - toting youths descended onto a train platform near the appointed spot , they were immediately accosted by a crowd of police officers and several journalists who , it seems , also kept tabs on Facebook .
As cameras whirred , witnesses said scores of uniformed and plainclothes cops detained the activists before even one sandwich was munched .
Ibtissam Lachgar , 34 , a psychiatrist who attended the protest from Rabat recalled , “ It was 100 police officers against 10 sandwiches , truly . ”
The following day , the state - controlled wire service , MAP , announced that police had “ thwarted ” an illegal attempt to break the Ramadan fast , pledging that the “ promoters of this demonstration , for trying to incite a violation of the fast in public , will be prosecuted under existing law . ”
Partisan newspapers ran photos of the protesters alongside denunciations from conservative politicians .
The protesters , interrogated by authorities over the course of several days and dubbed “ de- jeuners ” or “ fast - breakers ” in the press , said they received emailed death threats from Islamists .
“ I got dozens and dozens of threats and insults , people saying unbelievable things , ” El Rhazoui said .
“ I ’m going to be careful , but I refuse to let these people scare me . ”
One message , from a sender named Tarik , said El Rhazoui deserved to be put to death before the eyes of the whole Muslim world .
Another , named Houcine , suggested that since El Rhazoui was willing to break her fast in public , perhaps she would consent to sex with the sender in public , too .
“ Bitch , ” the message said , “ write me back . ”
The activist who administrated MALI ’s Facebook group , Omar Radi , said some of the threats he received became quite specific .
“ ‘ We ’re going to cut off your head , ’ things like that , ” he recalled .
Morocco ’s premier liberal news weekly , TelQuel , published an editorial calling the fierce reaction a sign Morocco has lost its culture of tolerance .
“ In one generation our country has radically transformed , ” it said .
“ It ’s scary . ”
But even some critics of the crackdown said observers should n’t read too much into a backlash they say stems less from theological fervor than a cultural insistence on keeping the fast .
“ Ramadan is something unique here , ” Khadija Ryadi , president of the Moroccan Association of Human Rights , which has called on the government to repeal the fasting law .
“ The reaction to the protest was more cultural than religious . ”
Whether the picnickers will face prosecution remains to be seen , said their lawyer , Abderrahim Jamai .
He said authorities initially intimated the protesters would be slapped with Article 222 of the Moroccan Penal Code , which forbids Muslims from eating between sunrise and sunset during the holy month .
But the fact picnickers were intercepted pre- rather than post - nosh may help explain why none of them have been formally charged with a crime , Jamai said .
“ They had a debate and they expressed ideas , ” he said .
“ But they did n’t complete the act . ”
A Long Island couple is home free after an outraged judge gave them an amazing Thanksgiving present — canceling their debt to ruthless bankers trying to toss them out on the street .
Suffolk Judge Jeffrey Spinner wiped out $ 525,000 in mortgage payments demanded by a California bank , blasting its “ harsh , repugnant , shocking and repulsive ” acts .
The bombshell decision leaves Diane Yano - Horoski and her husband , Greg Horoski , owing absolutely no money on their ranch house in East Patchogue .
Spinner pulled no punches as he smacked down the bankers at OneWest — who took an $ 814.2 million federal bailout but have a record of coldbloodedly foreclosing on any homeowner owing money .
“ The bank was so intransigent that he [ the judge ] decided to punish them , ” Greg Horoski , 55 , said about Spinner ’s scathing ruling last Thursday against OneWest and its IndyMac mortgage division .
MORE NYPOST .COM COVERAGE
LAMBERT DOESN’T APOLOGIZE FOR AMA SHOW
DOBBS CONSIDERING US SENATE RUN IN NJ
ESCORT TELLS ALL ABOUT NIGHT WITH ITALIAN PM
It erased up to $ 291,000 in principal and $ 235,000 in interest and penalties .
The Horoskis — who had been paying only interest on their mortgage — had no equity in the home .
Horoski , who had begged the bankers to let him restructure the loan , said , “ I think the judge felt it was almost a personal vendetta . ”
Dealing with the bank , he said , was “ like dealing with organized crime . ”
OneWest said , “ We respectfully disagree with the lower court ’s unprecedented ruling and we expect that it will be overturned on appeal . ”
It claimed it “ has been extremely active in working with consumers on home loan modifications through the Obama administration ’s Home Affordable Modification Program and other loan modification initiatives . ”
The bank is owned by a private equity group that purchased the failed IndyMac bank .
Yano - Horoski , a college professor of English and cognitive reason , and Horoski , who sells collectible dolls online , bought their 3,400 - square - foot , one - level house 15 years ago for less than $ 200,000 .
In 2004 , court records show , they refinanced , paying off their original mortgage with part of a $ 292,500 sub - prime loan from Deutsche Bank .
They used what was left for health care and for his business .
The loan carried an initial adjustable interest rate of 10.375 percent , which soared to 12.375 percent .
It eventually ended up being either owned or serviced by IndyMac , and the bank sued the couple in July 2005 when they began having trouble making payments because of Horoski ’s health problems .
After a foreclosure was approved last January , Yano - Haroski successfully asked for a court settlement conference .
Spinner excoriated OneWest for repeatedly refusing to work out a deal , for misleading him about the dollar amounts at stake in the case , and for its treatment of the couple over months of hearings .
OneWest ’s conduct was “ inequitable , unconscionable , vexatious and opprobrious , ” Spinner wrote .
He canceled the debt because the bank “ must be appropriately sanctioned so as to deter it from imposing further mortifying abuse against [ the couple ] . ”
The bank is involved in a similar case in California , where it ’s trying to foreclose on an 89 - year - old woman , despite two court orders telling it to stop .
kieran.crowley@nypost.com
China 's official Xinhua news agency has a photo gallery from today 's big military parade , and it 's pretty sweet .
In addition to this Austin Powers - inspired ensemble , you can also check out the latest in Chinese military hardware .
Today 's parade , which marks the 60th anniversary of the founding of the People 's Republic of China , featured more than 8,000 servicemen and women , nearly 500 tanks , missiles and other military vehicles and a flyover by Chinese warplanes .
Lieutenant General Fang Fenghui , general director of the parade , told Xinhua the parade was supposed to showcase the transformation of the PLA from a low - tech , manpower - intensive force to a high - tech , 21st - century one .
And nothing says futuristic !
like white go - go boots .
[ PHOTO : Xinhuanet ]
Nutt sacked : Scientists quit in protest after Professor David Nutt was forced to resign
There were predictions today of mass resignations from the country 's drugs advisory panel in protest at Alan Johnson 's decision to axe its chairman for criticising the Government 's policy .
At least two members of the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs ( ACMD ) have quit since Professor David Nutt was sacked by the Home Secretary on Friday in a row that is threatening the panel 's future .
Writing in the Times today , the professor warned more of the remaining 28 members could leave , saying : " It seems unlikely that any ' true ' scientist will be able to work for this , or future , home secretaries .
" My sacking has cast a huge shadow over the relationship of science to policy .
Several of the science experts from the ACMD have resigned in protest and it seems likely that many others will follow suit .
" This means the Home Office no longer has a functioning advisory group , which is very unfortunate given the ever - increasing problems of drugs and the emergence of new ones . "
Fellow panel member Dr Les King resigned yesterday , saying Mr Johnson had denied Prof Nutt his right to free speech and called for the advisory panel to become truly independent from politicians .
A second member , pharmacist Marion Walker , is also understood to have quit .
Dr King said the Government 's attitude to the panel has shifted and home secretaries now had a " pre-defined political agenda " when they asked for its expert advice .
" It 's being asked to rubber stamp a pre-determined position , " he said .
" If sufficient members do resign , the committee will no longer be able to operate . "
Writing in the Guardian today , Mr Johnson again explained his rationale for the sacking .
" Professor Nutt was not sacked for his views , which I respect but disagree with , " he said .
" He was asked to go because he cannot be both a government adviser and a campaigner against government policy . "
Referring to Prof Nutt 's previous comparison between the risks from horse - riding and taking ecstasy , he added : " There are not many kids in my constituency in danger of falling off a horse - there are thousands at risk of being sucked into a world of hopeless despair through drug addiction . "
The professor reiterated his view that ecstasy and cannabis - class A and B drugs respectively - were not in the correct class and that all drugs should be ranked by a " harm " index .
" It is imperative that that the classification of drugs truly reflects their harms , otherwise injustices may occur and the educational message be undermined , " he wrote .
" Scientific inquiry into drug harms must also be honest and accurate so that the best quality evidence is available to the experts and government .
" Legal drugs such as alcohol and tobacco are as harmful as many illegal drugs and currently score highly on our ranking list . "
Prof Nutt has said alcohol should rank fifth in the harm index behind cocaine , heroin , barbiturates and methadone .
Tobacco should rank ninth , ahead of cannabis , LSD and ecstasy .
He suggested a way forward , saying : " Create a truly independent advisory council .
This is the only realistic way out of the current mess . "
He also admitted yesterday that more than one of his four adult children had confessed to taking drugs .
But the scientist told the Mail on Sunday that he believed alcohol posed a greater risk to young people and that was where the " big effort " should be concentrated .
Prof Nutt , who has four children aged 18 to 26 , said alcohol was " cheap , readily available and accepted " but could lead to " risky behaviour " .
Dr King worked for the Forensic Science Service ( FSS ) for 30 years and spent 10 years as head of the Drugs Intelligence Unit before his retirement in 2001 .
He believes the panel needs to become " free from government interference " in the same way as the National Institute for Clinical Excellence ( Nice ) , the organisation which advises on medicines and clinical practice .
" I do n't see why drugs can't be done the same .
It can be totally depoliticised .
" It 's all about harm .
It 's a scientific issue , " he said .
Dr King also said the Government had " a right " to reject the panel 's advice but added that the attitude towards the panel had changed " very recently " .
" I suppose it goes back to 2002 with ( then Home Secretary ) David Blunkett who was minded to reclassify cannabis downwards .
" He made it clear to us his wishes .
The council supported that .
" In that situation it was something that the council readily agreed to .
That was n't too worrisome but that precedent then continued . "
Belfast Telegraph
Television will never be the same after Oprah goes off the air in 2011 .
If we had a " Favorite Things " list about O , in the top spot would be the way the talk - show host introduces celebrity guests .
Mashup at left .
Advertisement
Earlier : Oprah's Favorite Things 2007 : The Audience Freaks Out !
Police in Russia have arrested three homeless men suspected of killing a man , eating part of the body and selling other parts to a kebab shop .
The men were held in the city of Perm , some 1,400 km ( 870 miles ) east of Moscow , local investigators said .
Their statement said that the suspects had targeted the 25 - year - old victim out of " personal hostility " .
It was not clear when the incident occurred .
The men - who have not been named - have been charged with murder .
The investigators said on Friday that the body of the man had been found in a forested area near a public transport stop in Perm .
They said the three men attacked their victim with knives and a hammer .
" After carrying out the attack , the corpse was dismembered .
Part of it was eaten and part was also sold to a kebab and pie kiosk , " their statement said .
It was not immediately clear if any customers had been served .
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  Criminal charges against Hafiz Muhammad Saeed , the man Indian and Western officials accuse of masterminding the terrorist siege of Mumbai last year , were dismissed Monday by a court in Lahore .
Although Pakistan has been pressed to charge Mr. Saeed with involvement in the Mumbai attacks , Pakistan insists that it lacks enough evidence linking him to the attacks and that the charges dismissed Monday were not directly related to them .
The charges were dismissed for lack of evidence , his lawyer said .
It was the second time that Mr. Saeed had been held on lesser charges that did not hold up in court .
Mr. Saeed is the founder of the banned militant group Lashkar - e - Taiba , 10 of whose members killed 163 people in a rampage in Mumbai in November .
In previous posts , I have explained the sort pump and a way to generate prime numbers .
It would be good to get some assurance that those programs work correctly ; we need to test them .
The newest release of CHP ( v1.4.0 , released yesterday ) contains a new Control .
Concurrent .CHP
.
Test module that will help , and this post will explain how to use it .
Probably the most well - known Haskell testing framework is QuickCheck .
QuickCheck takes a property for the output of a function .
It then generates random inputs , feeding them to the function and checks that the property holds on the output .
Quick Check is a very good fit for testing our sort pump : our inputs can be lists of integers , and the property of the output is that it should be sorted .
An alternative approach to testing is to use something like HUnit which runs a specific prescribed test .
HUnit is a good fit for our primes pipeline : we want to test that the numbers coming out are the prime numbers .
We will start by using QuickCheck to test the sort pump .
QuickCheck version 1 only supported testing pure functions , which is not enough to test our concurrent programs .
Thankfully , QuickCheck 2 supports testing monadic functions ( even if the documentation is lacking ) , so we can use that via the new CHP function : propCHPInOut .
As the documentation for the function says :
propCHPInOut :: Show a => ( a -> b -> Bool ) -> ( Chanin a -> Chanout b -> CHP ( ) ) ->
Gen a ->
Property
The first parameter is a pure function that takes both the input to the process and the output the process gave back , and indicates whether this is okay ( True = test pass , False = test fail ) .
The second parameter is the process to test , and the third parameter is the thing to use to generate the inputs ( passing ‘ arbitrary ’ is the simplest thing to do ) .
The first parameter is straightforward — the output should be a sorted version of the input .
The second parameter is the sort pump process .
The third parameter could just be ‘ arbitrary ’ , the default generator for lists of Ints , but it would be nice to make sure that the list is likely to contain duplicate entries , so we supply a customised generator :
test :: IO ( ) test = quickCheck $ propCHPIn
Out ( \input output -> output == sort input ) sorterGrow gen where gen = do len <- elements [ 0..30 ] replicateM len $ elements [( - 5 ) ..5 ]
That is the complete code for testing our sort pump — and it passes .
The propCHPInOut function ( and its HUnit equivalent ) is very useful for testing these single - input single - output stateless processes .
The primes pipeline is different as it has no input — it is a generator that just produces output .
So we will instead use the more general testCHP function that works with HUnit.
testCHP takes an item of CHP Bool and turns it into an HUnit test , so we have to do all the heavy lifting in producing that Bool that represents test success or failure .
( In future it might be nice to provide support for HUnit asserts in a CHP program , interfacing nicely with the poison mechanism , but that ’s not implemented just yet . )
The key thing to be careful about is that if your process exits with poison , that is automatically counted as a test failure .
So you need to make sure that if the test passes , it shuts down without passing on the poison — for this we can use onPoisonTrap rather than onPoisonRethrow :
test :: IO ( ) test = do runTestTT $ testCHP $ do c <- oneToOneChannel liftM snd $ ( primes ( writer c ) `onPoison Trap` return ( ) ) < || > ( do ps <- replicateM 200 $ readChannel ( reader c ) poison ( reader c ) return $ ps == take 200 funcPrimes ) return ( ) where funcPrimes = sieve [ 2..] sieve ( p : xs ) = p : sieve [ x | x <- xs , x `mod` p > 0 ]
This code creates a channel to communicate on , and passes the primes process one end of it .
Note that any poison thrown by the primes process will be trapped rather than passed on .
At the other end of the channel , we read the first 200 numbers then poison the channel , before checking that these are indeed the first 200 primes ( which we generate with the classic functional algorithm ) .
If the primes process unexpectedly poisons the channel , the poison from the second part of the parallel composition will propagate to the top - level and thus fail the test — we do n’t need any extra code to check if primes misbehaves by arbitrarily poisoning the channel .
This second test is an example that builds up and tears down the whole infrastructure with our own code , but it still is not too long .
Just as with pure functions , QuickCheck is useful for testing random inputs to processes , whereas HUnit is useful for specific tests .
It would also be nice to get Lazy SmallCheck working with CHP , but because of the way it throws errors for test failures it may be more difficult ( and I have n’t checked if it can do monadic tests ) .
These examples have worked with processes that do not carry any particular state — in future I hope to return to look at testing processes that do keep some state over time .
For months Honduras has faced a political crisis .
In June , its president , Manuel Zelaya , attempted to subvert the country 's constitution and was removed from office .
He has since pushed to return to power , called the current president — Robert Micheletti—illegitimate , and has cast a shadow over presidential elections to be held at the end of this month .
On Oct. 30 , it appeared the crisis might come to a close when representatives of Mr. Zelaya signed an agreement with representatives of Mr. Micheletti to create a reconciliation ...
Antipsychotic medication may not be the answer ( Image : Andrzej Krauze )
ARE we too quick to prescribe psychotropic medication for emotional and behavioural problems ?
Take Alzheimer ’s disease .
In an attempt to reduce their aggressive behaviour , up to 60 per cent of people with Alzheimer ’s in Europe and North America are prescribed antipsychotic medications such as Risperdal ( risperidone ) and Zyprexa ( olanzapine ) .
The estimated cost of these drugs is £ 80 million a year in the UK alone .
People given antipsychotics are sedated and become less aggressive or agitated , but compared with placebo the benefits seem modest at best .
In 2006 , a 42 - centre …
Condé Nast will close Gourmet magazine , a magazine of almost biblical status in the food world , it was announced on Monday .
Gourmet has been published since January 1941 .
Also being shut down are the Condé Nast magazines Cookie , Modern Bride and Elegant Bride , according to an internal company memo that also was sent to reporters on Monday .
The magazine has suffered a severe decline in ad pages , but the cut still comes as a shock .
There was speculation that Condé Nast would close one of its food titles — Gourmet or Bon Appétit — but most bets were on the latter .
Gourmet has a richer history than Bon Appétit , and its editor , Ruth Reichl , is powerful in the food world .
Cookie is a relatively new introduction , started in 2005 , while the bridal magazines were seen as offshoots of the bigger Brides magazine , which Condé Nast also owns .
The cuts come at the conclusion of a three - month study by McKinsey & Company , which conducted analysis of Condé Nast ’s costs , and told several magazines to cut about 25 percent from their budgets .
These are the first closings announced by the company since the McKinsey study .
The moves are significant for the publisher .
It has never been quick to close titles , and in the last year or so has closed only newer titles , Condé Nast Portfolio and Domino , along with folding Men ’s Vogue into Vogue .
Condé
Nast tends to hold tight to its prestigious titles , making the Gourmet closing all the more startling .
In an interview in February , even Paul Jowdy , publisher of the in - house rival Bon Appétit , said that such a closing was unlikely .
( To be fair to Mr. Jowdy , the economy has plummeted , and Condé Nast has been hit particularly hard since then .
Its magazines have lost more than 8,000 ad pages , excluding its bridal titles , so far this year . )
“ They would never do that , ” Mr. Jowdy said in February .
“ They ’re both very important magazines in the culinary world , and they ’re very different magazines , and they ’re both very healthy .
So there ’s all these rumors that are just ridiculous .
I try not to pay attention to them , but you have to know — if you think of two of the most prestigious , credible , trusted magazines in the industry , you ’re going to say Bon Appétit and Gourmet . ”
Corpus of Electronic Texts Edition
Cáin Lánamna ( Author : [ unknown ] )
section 36
( 10 ) Union of mockery : union of a lunatic or madman with a deranged woman or madwoman .
Neither of them is bound to take or to make payments .
The person who brings them together for fun and the responsible person in whose presence this takes place , theirs is the offspring , if offspring there be ; its rearing , compensation for its offences , and its suretyship falls on both of them .
The éraic and the legacy of such persons is divided between the king , the church and the family .
Libertarian Socialists formed in Denmark !
For the first time in many years , anarchist socialists organize in Denmark !
The 8th of November witnessed the founding conference of the Danish group Libertære Socialister ( literally : Libertarian Socialists ) .
It 's over ten years since Denmark last had a specifically socialist anarchist group , so this happy event was long overdue .
Libertære Socialister / Libertarian Socialists formed in Denmark !
The 8th of November witnessed the founding conference of the Danish group Libertære Socialister ( literally : Libertarian Socialists ) .
It 's over ten years since Denmark last had a specifically socialist anarchist group , so this happy event was long overdue .
Over two days , 18 representatives from local groups in Aalborg , Århus , Copenhagen and Svendborg , as well as members of the sister organizations SUF ( Sweden ) and Motmakt ( Norway ) met in good spirits to discuss and vote in a constitution , political platform and an action plan for 2010 .
Politically , Libertære Socialister has oriented itself towards syndicalist , anarcho - communist and collectivist anarchist currents , as well as council communists and other strains of libertarian socialism .
In practice , it will be organised on the basis of local groups organized together by way of direct democracy in a federal structure .
These local groups will be supplemented by working groups that will deal with specific political or practical issues .
Libertære Socialister expects to start with approximately 25 members nationwide , and welcomes contact with like - minded groups abroad - they can be contacted at lskontakt@gmail.com
BMW ’s profile in the racing enduro market seems to be slipping of late .
( Which is a pity , because the G450X offers promise , as well as BMW ’s usual 24 - month warranty . )
But this factory - endorsed , 900 cc boxer enduro from almost thirty years ago shows what could have been .
In 1980 it won the German and European enduro championships , plus the prestigious ISDT .
The bike apparently sports 50 bhp and weighs just 132 kg , and inspired the cultish BMW R80 G/S ( Gelände / Straße , or off - road / street ) built from ’ 81 to ‘ 87 .
That machine married the 800 cc R80/7 engine to a strengthened R65 chassis , and was the only BMW twin to be unaffected by the launch of the K series .
For more obscure BMW off - roading goodness , check out this gallery from German BMW race preparation expert HPN .
The Shotgun Blog
« Race for Toronto mayor is now wide open | Main | Cry Me A River , Your Worship »
Sunday , September 27 , 2009
Libertarians and the Tea Party opposition to Obama
The American libertarian movement is the subject of a column by Jurek Martin in London 's Financial Times .
The claim is that libertarianism has recently acquired some actual influence in the US .
Three pieces of evidence for this thesis are presented : Ron Paul , Glenn Beck and the Tea Party movement :
For it is becoming increasingly evident that libertarianism is a common thread in the patchwork quilt of vocal opposition to Barack Obama ’s attempts to change the way America is run .
Not only does it pull many of the organisational strings behind the often raucous public protests of the last few months , but its essential philosophy , that the less government the better , is espoused by some of the titular leaders of the mob . [...]
Garden variety libertarians devoted to notions of economic and personal liberty might be uncomfortable with [ Glenn Beck 's ] combustible approach , but they are not above going along for the ride .
That certainly seems to be the case with former Congressman Dick Armey and his pressure group Freedom Works , as well as more established outfits such as the Ayn Rand Institute , named after the author .
Both have been active in organising the tea party , town hall and Washington protest events that marked this summer . [...]
The great question is whether all this thunder is confined to the hyperactive right or is achieving wider resonance .
I suspect the former , at least for now .
Even a casual look at the angry participants at tea parties and town halls reveals a collection of the disaffected and dispossessed , mostly older , whiter , poorer and less well - educated than the population as a whole , and with myriad motivations , of which belief in libertarianism cannot be high among them .
Still , a debate about the role of government has been ignited , far from the first time in American history .
It may not be as intellectually elevated as that engaged in by the Founding Fathers but it bears some resemblance to that generated by the social policy reforms of FDR and later LBJ .
It even has its own Coughlins and Winchells , the early radio polemicists .
To my mind , libertarianism , which embraces some attractive positions , gives the movement a respectable veneer that today ’s hooligan protagonists ( Messrs Beck , Armey etc ) do not command in their own right .
Read the rest .
Also , this Reason.tv video from the September 12 " 9/12 " Tea Party march and rally on Washington , DC which attracted hundreds of thousands of protesters is worth watching .
Posted by Kalim Kassam on September 27 , 2009 | Permalink
Comments
You have to look a little deeper and try to ascertain the source of these libertarian related concepts and why they are gaining traction .
Many people are upset and worried - that is easy to see .
If you were an American , right , left or center and you just lost your job only to turn on the TV and see that billions of tax payer dollars , including some of your own , were being poured into companies who are " too big to fail " , you just might be a little ticked .
You were after all " too small to save " .
You could then go through the process of trying to identify some of the culprits of your troubles .
You may think in terms of anti-right by blaming it on Bush 's earlier policies or anti-left by blaming Obama .
However , each case does not spot the source of the problem and only gets you caught up in the political polarization that was set up for you .
Or maybe then , you find some common theme among the recent two administrations .
You get the suspicion that current right or left ideology is not the culprit but that the ideology of the oligarchy is .
The fact that there seems to be some sort of elitism flavor that has settled within our great nation that once counted libertarianism as it's highest virtue .
You may then think the founding fathers were right , with all their talk of Republics and fighting overzealous government control .
Hmmm ... maybe it might just be plain old common sense where these concepts finding traction vs some clandestine political agenda of liberty lovers .
Posted by : bgodley | 2009-09-27 10:31:47 AM
bgodley hit the nail on the head .
Posted by : Alain | 2009-09-27 11:46:15 AM
What this country needs , and what it once almost had , is a government whose sole purpose is the protection of individual rights .
The tea-party movement does n't always articulate that concept , but the participants ' viewpoints , as expressed in the signs they bring , seem to indicate a preference for that kind of government .
If so , it is an encouraging sign for the future of America , since a limited government would allow the country to be great , free , and prosperous again .
Posted by : Tedd Potts | 2009-09-27 12:43:08 PM
There is a new book describing the Democratic Party ’s libertarian roots and how they switched from Jefferson and Jackson to Rousseau and Marx in the 20th century .
You ’ll find it on Amazon Books or on the website www.claysamerica.com.
The Tea Parties are objecting to Obama 's call for community interests being more important than are individual interests .
Posted by : Clay Barham | 2009-09-27 4:34:07 PM
Clay , the problem is bigger than the hijacking of the Democratic Party , because it also afflicts the Republican Party .
Both parties are now about big government and big spending .
That is why the protests are not partisan .
Posted by : Alain | 2009-09-27 8:13:24 PM
that 's right , Alain .
the Republicrats and Democans are one in the same .
bloated statists .
neocons are no better than social liberals .
the Constitution defined the US by emphasizing protection of the individual from the state , courts and populism .
i'm amazed that so many Americans are so close to the picture and so partisan that they can't understand this .
hopefully there will be a libertarian renaissance .
it ca n't happen too soon .
Posted by : shel | 2009-09-27 10:02:25 PM
Alain :
You are correct , but that s not new to Republicans who followed the Hamilton , Cla , Lincoln and TR pathway of inervention , but not as Eurpean as the modern Democrats .
I cite the 19th century Democrats as the only true libertarian party reflecting Jefferson to Cleveland and wish we could go back to their influence and their positin on State 's Rights ... but , als , such may never be true in modern America .
Posted by : Clay Barham | 2009-10-07 1:50:19 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
Only the top three marathoners need apply ?
A fellow participant in my marathon - fitness training program told me yesterday ( Thanks , Fran ! ) about an article in The New York Times that appeared three days ago .
“ Plodders Have a Place , but Is It in a Marathon ? ” is the title of the article .
The article quotes Adrienne Wald , Head Cross - Country Coach at College of New Rochelle , as saying this :
It ’s a joke to run a marathon by walking every other mile or by finishing in six , seven , eight hours .
It used to be that running a marathon was worth something — there used to be a pride saying that you ran a marathon , but not anymore .
Now it 's , “ How low is the bar ? ”
Excuse me ?!
Wald is 54 years old and should be wise enough to know better .
If Wald is fast enough to get first , second , or third in a marathon , then why can Wald not be happy with that ?
Why must Wald say that others ' completion of the same marathon effectively cheapens Wald 's completion ?
Does
Wald believe that there should not be age - bracket distinctions ?
Following the logic in the quotation , the presence of older folks , who generally do not have the fastest three times across an entire marathon , cheapens the meaning of any marathon .
Does
Wald also believe that there should not be a distinction for men versus women ?
Again , following the logic in the quotation , the presence of women , who usually do not have the fastest three times across an entire marathon , cheapens the meaning of any marathon .
Following Wald 's thoughts to their logical conclusion , only three people should participate in any marathon .
After all , anyone who finishes with a time slower than third place effectively cheapens the significance of a marathon .
Remember this …
It is the entry fees of the hundreds , thousands , or tens of thousands of participants who make it feasible for the top three runners to win first , second , and third places .
Hundreds or thousands of volunteers are NOT going to support a marathon for three participants .
For example , the Chevron Houston Marathon is America 's premier volunteer - supported marathon with its 5,000 volunteers .
But they do it to support 22,000 race - day participants , NOT three participants .
Spectators , such as the some 200,000 in Houston or one million in Berlin , are not going to show up in anywhere near those numbers to watch and cheer a grand total of three participants run a marathon .
The news media are not going to cover a marathon with only three participants .
The top three runners typically do not run for charity .
In contrast , the participants in the Chevron Houston Marathon , Aramco Houston Half Marathon , EP5K and ABB Team Challenge raised more than $ 1 million for charity in 2009 .
Here is a suggestion for Adrienne Wald : Run all future marathons on your own .
This will prevent others from cheapening your achievement , and you will always come in first place .
Have you ever come across such an elitist attitude about marathons or other foot races ?
What was the gist of the person 's argument ?
What would you say in response to that argument ?
Please leave a comment here .
Thanks !
Laziness is a pressing issue .
Is Britain for or against it ?
Let 's get the workshy off benefits , say some .
Let 's free our children from the tyranny of productivity , say others ( albeit in less strident tones ) .
As we cascade through an economic slump and head towards the reckoning of a general election , it 's time to get serious about sloth .
And that 's where the Moldy Peaches come in .
I should confess to having approached this topic from a decidedly Matt Biancan angle .
Laziness is a scourge and its practitioners should be forced out of bed before the more industrious are forced to count to three .
Listening through this week 's nominations though , what quickly became clear was that laziness was , for some , not only a good thing , but a near - political act .
Paul Westerberg of the Replacements makes just such a statement .
" I 'm shiftless when I 'm idle and I got time to waste , " he snarls , knowing the alternatives on offer are not ones he would choose for himself .
Recorded in 1981 , it also has the benefit of being a punk song that features more than three chords .
The idea of " indolence as political act " was also abroad in the 60s ( Give Peace a Chance , the product of John and Yoko 's bed - in , missed the list by a whisker ) .
Pink Floyd 's Cirrus Minor , from 1969 , is ostensibly about lazing on a riverbank .
But it 's also about being so off your noggin on psychoactive drugs that you 're simultaneously able to take a trip to the furthest reaches of the solar system .
Nancy Sinatra 's Sugar Town was , according to Sinatra herself , about the consumption of LSD .
With its sinister meaning obscured under a sweet melody , however , it becomes a song about the restorative powers of idling .
A third hymn to the virtues of languorous excursions comes from Hoagy ­ Carmichael , who was not a hippie .
Another nuance that I had n't considered was laziness as a form of protection .
This is an idea expressed brilliantly by Yo La Tengo in Little Eyes , where a reluctance to wake up is also a desire to avoid conflict : " Little eyes are open / But they do n't see very far / You can only hurt the ones you love /
Not the ones you 're thinking of . "
Georgia Hubley 's vocals are delivered as if she 's on her last legs ; a real numbness that makes the sentiment all the more discomfiting .
Back to the Moldy Peaches , and if any band could qualify for this topic on the laziness of their sound alone , it is they .
In Jorge Regula , Adam Green and Kimya Dawson bat lyrics back and forth lopingly ; behind them is the horn riff from War 's Low Rider slowed so far down that it can barely parp .
This list is n't entirely pro-torpor .
It 's a fair bet the charm of the Moldy Peaches would be lost on Morrissey who , in a glorious piece of lyrical misanthropy , rages at self - absorbed ray - chasers : " A world war was announced days ago , but they do n't know . "
Del tha Funkee Homosapien offers a more prosaic diatribe against his friends , whose laziness is sapping at his own resources .
Howlin '
Wolf 's rooster is " too lazy to crow for day " , and could do with some hard work and no mistake .
As for David Byrne , he confesses freely to his wicked laziness .
So readily , in fact , you think he might not really mean it .
The A-list
1 Shiftless When Idle - The Replacements
2 Cirrus Minor - Pink Floyd
3 Sugar Town - Nancy Sinatra
4 Lazy River - Hoagy Carmichael
5 Little Eyes - Yo La Tengo
6 Jorge Regula - The Moldy Peaches
7 The Lazy Sunbathers - Morrissey
8 Sleepin' On My Couch - Del tha Funkee Homosapien
9 Little Red Rooster - Howlin ' Wolf
10 Lazy - Xpress 2 featuring David Byrne
Alongside an upgraded version of its shopping app for the iPhone and iPod Touch platform and an enhanced mobile website , eBay today introduced a free new app into Apple ’s App Store called Deals , which provides a constant stream of deals from across the hundreds of millions of eBay listings .
It features simple navigation , customizable search features and even PayPal integration , which basically takes away any excuses for you not to purchase another pair of “ authentic ” Gucci sunglasses .
This release comes with news from eBay that mobile purchases through its site are growing in the double digits every month .
This has resulted in a rate of one mobile purchase every two seconds .
The company has also stated that it expects mobile sales to top $ 500 million by the end of 2009
The app is increasing eBay ’s social media presence by allowing shoppers to share their buying activity and get opinions about their purchases from friends on Facebook and Twitter .
One of the biggest impacts I could see this having , especially during the busy and high expediture holiday season , is saavy shoppers using it to find bargains online while they shop in stores .
Instead of outright buying a product they like , they can search for that product right in the store on eBay using Deals to find it at a better price .
Messianic Urbanism
[ Image : Azadi Tower in Tehran 's Azadi Square ] .
At one point late in the book , Zoellner is discussing Iran 's uranium - processing program and that country 's president , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad — who , as Zoellner points out , earned his doctorate in Traffic and Transport .
Ahmadinejad , that is , is an urban designer .
However , he " is also said to be a fervent believer in a Shiite folk belief , " Zoellner writes .
This " folk belief " is " the return of the '
This Second Coming , as it were , or the eagerly awaited return of someone or something that left us long ago , has its own spatial requirements , however — and , Zoellner again points out , " There have also been reports that the president — a doctor of traffic — has studied the layout of Tehran to make sure the city can handle the crush of people who will arrive for the imam 's first procession . "
The idea that the Second Coming of a messianic figure — from any religion — will bring with it enormous traffic - engineering concerns is something that had not , in fact , occurred to me .
What would
But has there been any serious study of what we might call messianic urbanism : the theologically motivated preemptive re-design of a city in order that that metropolis might better receive a future , supernatural guest ?
Somewhere between the work of I mentioned Tom Zoellner 's book Uranium the other day , in the context of atomic geology , but there is another brief comment in that book worth calling attention to here .
At one point late in the book , Zoellner is discussing Iran 's uranium - processing program and that country 's president , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad — who , as Zoellner points out , earned his doctorate in Traffic and Transport .
Ahmadinejad , that is , is an urban designer .
However , he " is also said to be a fervent believer in a Shiite folk belief , " Zoellner writes .
This " folk belief " is " the return of the ' hidden imam , ' a holy man who disappeared in the ninth century and is believed by Shiites to be the Mahdi , a salvation figure whose dramatic reentry into the world will trigger a final confrontation between good and evil before the dawning of a final age of justice and peace .
This is not found in the Koran , but millions believe it to be true .
" This Second Coming , as it were , or the eagerly awaited return of someone or something that left us long ago , has its own spatial requirements , however — and , Zoellner again points out , " There have also been reports that the president — a doctor of traffic — has studied the layout of Tehran to make sure the city can handle the crush of people who will arrive for the imam 's first procession .
"
The idea that the Second Coming of a messianic figure — from any religion — will bring with it enormous traffic - engineering concerns is something that had not , in fact , occurred to me .
What would Tom Vanderbilt have to say about this , I wonder ?
But has there been any serious study of what we might call : the theologically motivated preemptive re-design of a city in order that that metropolis might better receive a future , supernatural guest ?
Somewhere between the work of Walter Benjamin and Robert Moses , it would be the city spatially formatted in an urbanism of End Times arrival .
Newer | Older
“ Being defeated is often a temporary condition .
Giving up is what makes it permanent . ”
– Marilyn Vos Savant
Imagine a 200 lb soccer player sprinting towards you , where you are the only player standing between him and the goal keeper .
You know you cannot stop him .. but you have to .
What do you know ?
In professional games , when a defender knows he is beaten , he will intentionally slide into the striker ’s feet – fouling them and hoping to knock him down to stop the play .
Often , the striker will get knocked down and the play will reset .
But every once in a while … they keep going .
And when that happens , Andy Gray yells out …
“ He ’s been knocked off his stride , but not off his feet ! ”
The First No
“ And that ” he finished , “ is why this is a better solution . ”
He sat back , satisfied that he had made his point and expected to get approval to move forward … but surprisingly his director said no , and waved him off
Puzzled , he returned to his office to reconsider what was wrong with his proposal .
After reviewing it , he was sure that he was right – and that his director had made a mistake turning him down .
So he returned to the director ’s office , more determined than before , and explained that he could n’t understand why his proposal had been rejected .
He made his case a second time , told the director that he was sure he was right , and wanted to know why it had been rejected .
“ Well , ” his director told him “ every day I have dozens of people who come up to me and believe they have a great idea .
Many of these ideas are good , but people simply do not follow through and we end up with a half finished solution .
So my policy is simple – I say no to every idea the first time .
If you want my support , you have to show me you are not only right – but will finish what you started . ”
The director , impressed that he had returned in spite of being rejected now considered the proposal on it ’s merits – and ended up approving it .
It ’s The Little Things
We like to romanticize the idea of overnight success , overcoming tremendous odds – and a single moment of glory .
But that ’s not what success really looks like .
Success is really a series of overcoming small obstacles every day in your life .
Success is about not being discouraged by the first no , about being able to shake off the small setbacks and keep moving towards your goals .
When you feel frustrated by little things , those are the moments in your life you need to be aware of and take advantage of not as a time to give up – but an opportunity to persist .
The opportunity is not “ out there ” or coming to you “ someday . ”
The opportunity is here for you right now , in every moment of your life – and it is in the small obstacles that will trip you up and take your dreams away from you if you let them .
You need to be stronger , instead of making excuses and pretending things are harder than they really are .
You need to be strong enough , that when those setbacks hit you – you can be “ knocked off your stride – but not off your feet . ”
Become Stronger Today
You do n’t want to live a life where you get knocked down and constantly set back – you need to be the type of person who can overcome setbacks when they happen .
If you are struggling , deserve more from your life , or are just passing through life unmotivated then you need to take action to change that .
I will guide you with the techniques I have used in my own life to take action and get what I want .
Take a look : The Action Solution : Advanced Training Techniques to Take Action In Your Life .
It is the result of decades of experience , and hundreds of hours of making dreams a reality for real people – and it might just be the turning point you need in your life … today .
Palestinian leaders from President Mahmoud Abbas down have alarmed Israeli ministers by swinging their weight behind a planned effort to secure UN backing for a unilaterally declared independent state in the West Bank and Gaza .
In an innovative strategy which would not depend on the success of currently stalled negotiations with Israel , the leaders are preparing a push to secure formal UN Security Council support for a Palestinian state based on 1967 borders as a crucial first step towards the formation of a state .
Although there is no fixed timetable , Palestinian officials see the second half of 2011 as a plausible starting date for such a process .
That is when the Palestinian Authority is due to fulfil Prime Minister Salam Fayyad 's widely applauded two - year plan for completing work on all the institutions needed for a fully - fledged state .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
One senior Palestinian official said here that the new plan was " the last resort of the peace camp in Palestine " given the current negotiating impasse left in the wake of the US failure to persuade Israel to agree a total freeze on Jewish settlement building in the West Bank as a preliminary to talks .
The moderate Palestinian leadership also sees the unilateral process as a viable – and , in internal political terms , significantly more credible – alternative to surrendering to intense US pressure to enter negotiations without the settlement freeze .
As the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu prepared to denounce the Palestinian plan in a speech last night , Israel 's President Shimon Peres declared in Brazil , " A Palestinian state cannot be established without a peace agreement .
It 's impossible and it will not work .
It 's unacceptable that they change their minds every day .
Bitterness is not a policy . "
But officials here are hoping that , without any progress towards " final status " negotiations on a future state , the US could be persuaded not to veto such a resolution .
Explicit UN Security Council support for a Palestinian state based on 1967 borders would , the officials believe , dramatically intensify legal and moral pressure on Israel to lift the 42 - year - old occupation .
Some officials are even drawing a direct comparison with the diplomatic process by which Israel itself was established as a state : a UN resolution endorsing it in November 1947 , the Declaration of Independence by David Ben Gurion in May 1948 and the subsequent swift recognition by the US and Soviet Union .
The strategy is tied closely to – though not specified in – Mr Fayyad 's plan , " Palestine : Ending the Occupation , Establishing the State " , and is thought to have originated with the Prime Minister , an independent who has recently publicly questioned the willingness of Mr Netanyahu 's government to grant more than a " mickey mouse " state in any negotiations .
But it has since had strong backing from Mr Abbas , and other leading figures in his Fatah faction .
At a commemoration of his predecessor Yasser Arafat 's death , Mr Abbas declared last week , " The Palestinian state is a fact which the world recognises " .
Saying that more than 100 countries supported Palestinian aspirations for a state , he added : " Now we are fighting to get the world to recognise the borders of our nation . "
Mr Abbas , who reaffirmed his intention not to run again as President , has insisted that he will not return to negotiations without a settlement freeze and clear terms of reference specifying a state based on 1967 borders , East Jerusalem as the capital , and an agreed solution for refugees .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
The leading Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat yesterday followed his Fatah colleague Mohammed Dahlan in strongly endorsing the plan .
" We have taken an Arab foreign ministers ' decision to seek the help of the international community , " Mr Erekat told Reuters , adding that the US and other leading international players would be consulted before any UN move .
" If the Americans can not get the Israelis to stop settlement activities , they should also not cover them when we decide to go to the Security Council , " he added .
Ghassan Khatib , head of the Palestinian government 's media centre , said that the international community should confront Israel with a choice of a clear negotiating path towards a state based on 1967 borders , or international recognition for a Palestinian state without an agreement .
" They cannot block the negotiating approach to two states and at the same time refuse the alternative , " he added .
He said that progress by the current " peace camp " in charge in Ramallah was essential if it was not to " run out of ammunition " against the alternative offered by Hamas .
" I honestly think there is no future for the peace camp in Palestine if this is not going to work , " he said , adding that it would be " political suicide " for the present leadership to enter negotiations on present terms .
He said the international community had long been striving " for an agreed end to the conflict – a two - state solution as a result of an agreement .
But we are saying it 's not working .
Why not recognise a Palestinian state when it is ready , without necessarily relying on Israeli consent ? "
Mr Khatibadded that recognition for a unilaterally declared state would parallel Israel 's recognition as in 1948 .
" The other side was not [ then ] expected to accept .
There was no consent by either the Palestinians or the Arab [ states ] . "
Such a strategy would be severely complicated by Gaza , if it were still controlled by Hamas at the time – but no more so than the negotiations which the US is currently trying to promote .
Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu was quick to reject the Palestinian proposal .
Addressing a forum on the Middle East in Jerusalem , he said , " There is no substitute for negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian Authority ... any unilateral path will only unravel the framework of agreements between us and will only bring unilateral steps from Israel 's side . "
Independence : Getting past the roadblock
Q. Would a unilateral declaration of independence carry risks ?
A. Even if it were underpinned by a UN endorsement of a Palestinian state based on the areas occupied in 1967 , it would certainly be a lurch into uncharted diplomatic waters .
But some Western diplomats believe it would remove any lingering doubts about the meaning of UN Resolution 242 , on which Palestinian and international demands for an end to the occupation begun in 1967 are based .
Q. What might be the advantage for the Palestinians ?
A. Israel technically regards the West Bank as a disputed territory the final status of which is a matter for negotiation .
Palestinians hope that a process of obtaining UN Security Council support for independence , followed by major individual countries recognising the Palestinian territories of the West Bank and Gaza as a state , would greatly and immediately put Israel under pressure to withdraw its forces and civilian settlers from the occupied territories in the West Bank .
At the most extreme interpretation , Israel would then be regarded as occupying a foreign country .
The UN could also grant the new Palestine immediate and full membership , with voting and proposing rights , in major international bodies .
Q. What is Israel 's main problem with the proposal ?
A. Israel argues that such a unilateral declaration would not only violate its right to reach an agreement on borders with the Palestinians , but also directly cuts across the 1995 Oslo - derived agreement that neither side should take unilateral steps affecting the status of the territories .
BERLIN ( Reuters ) - A car expert says he has tracked down Hitler ’s favorite Mercedes to a garage near the town that helped the Austrian - born Fuehrer become a German citizen .
Classic cars specialist Michael Froehlich said he found the bullet - proof touring car after charting its postwar travels from Austria to Las Vegas and back to Munich , where Hitler burst onto the political scene with a failed putsch in 1923 .
“ It was the best car in the world at the time .
Better than the Bugatti , Bentley , Rolls Royce or whatever , ” Froehlich told Reuters from his office in Duesseldorf .
“ It was his favorite car : the one he used most often , which he used for parades . ”
After being commissioned by a Cypriot buyer to find the vehicle , Froehlich discovered it had been bought by a farmer near Braunschweig , where in 1932 local Nazi officials got Hitler a civil servant ’s job so he could claim citizenship .
“ I thought it was an interesting job , but on the other hand I was n’t too thrilled , because my parents and grandparents suffered greatly under his regime , ” Froehlich said of the commission .
The dark blue car , which Froehlich said had spent decades in the basement of the Imperial Palace Casino in Las Vegas , was recently sold by the heirs of a Munich brewing tycoon before he traced it “ in under two months ” to northern Germany .
Froehlich said reports the buyer was Russian were mistaken , and rejected the notion that past owners of the vehicle with the number plate “ 1A 148 461 ” were admirers of the dictator .
“ They were n’t Nazis from what I can see , I think it ’s something they saw as a business investment , ” he said .
“ I can well imagine that an old Hitler banger has a certain value . ”
Froehlich declined to name the car ’s price tag , or give details about the buyer , but said the 1935 edition custom - made vehicle could fetch “ more than 10 million euros ( $ 14.91 million ) . ”
Though he had not yet had outside confirmation of the car ’s authenticity , the owner ’s paperwork left no doubt , he added .
“ The Mercedes sales register shows this 770 K model was ordered for the Fuehrer and Chancellor of the Reich in 1935 , ” he said .
Only 88 of the series were ever made and the Braunschweig car showed all the special modifications made for Hitler , who had to be driven because he had no “ Fuehrerschein ” -- a German word made up from “ driver ” and “ license ” -- Froehlich said .
“ He was a Fuehrer without Fuehrerschein , ” he said .
ACM TechNews mobile apps are available for Android phones and tablets ( click
To view " Headlines At A Glance , " hit the link labeled " Click here to view this online " found at the top of the page in the html version .
The online version now has a button at the top labeled " Show Headlines . "
Welcome to the September 30 , 2020 edition of ACM TechNews , providing timely information for IT professionals three times a week .
for Android phones and tablets ( click here ) and for iPhones ( click here ) and iPads ( click here ) .
To view " Headlines At A Glance , " hit the link labeled " Click here to view this online " found at the top of the page in the html version .
The online version now has a button at the top labeled " Show Headlines . "
Hackers Infiltrated Many Washington State Agencies
Bloomberg
Kartikay Mehrotra ; Dina Bass
September 27 , 2020
At least 13 of Washington State 's departments and commissions reportedly have been hit by a sophisticated malware attack .
Although the attack has not affected state operations significantly , it highlights potential vulnerabilities in state computer networks about a month ahead of the U.S. Presidential election .
The multifaceted attack enabled hackers to spread malware , including Trickbot and Emotet , and to establish a foothold in several state agencies .
It remains uncertain whether any data was stolen .
The U.S. Department of Homeland Security , the FBI , and Microsoft Corp. are assisting state efforts against the attack .
The office of Washington Secretary of State Kim Wyman office tweeted it is aware of the attack , “ though we have no reason at this time to believe this is targeted at elections . ”
Full Article
At least 13 of Washington State 's departments and commissions reportedly have been hit by a sophisticated malware attack .
Although the attack has not affected state operations significantly , it highlights potential vulnerabilities in state computer networks about a month ahead of the U.S. Presidential election .
The multifaceted attack enabled hackers to spread malware , including Trickbot and Emotet , and to establish a foothold in several state agencies .
It remains uncertain whether any data was stolen .
The U.S. Department of Homeland Security , the FBI , and Microsoft Corp. are assisting state efforts against the attack .
The office of Washington Secretary of State Kim Wyman office tweeted it is aware of the attack , “ though we have no reason at this time to believe this is targeted at elections . ”
Parents Think Computer Science Education Is Important
Gallup Blog
Valerie J. Calderon ; Stephanie Marken
September 29 , 2020
A study by Google and Gallup found two - thirds ( 69 % ) of parents and guardians of U.S. students in grades seven through 12 consider computer science ( CS ) an important or very important subject for their children to learn .
Students in those grades are less likely than their parents and guardians to consider learning CS important , the study found , with boys more likely to value it than girls .
A third ( 31 % ) of public school teachers surveyed for the study said they consider CS courses less important to students ' future success than other required subjects , as do 21 % of principals and 18 % of superintendents .
These findings highlight the challenge educators and families face in improving student perceptions of CS .
Full Article
A study by Google and Gallup found two - thirds ( 69 % ) of parents and guardians of U.S. students in grades seven through 12 consider computer science ( CS ) an important or very important subject for their children to learn .
Students in those grades are less likely than their parents and guardians to consider learning CS important , the study found , with boys more likely to value it than girls .
A third ( 31 % ) of public school teachers surveyed for the study said they consider CS courses less important to students ' future success than other required subjects , as do 21 % of principals and 18 % of superintendents .
These findings highlight the challenge educators and families face in improving student perceptions of CS .
Neural Network Trained to Control Anesthetic Doses , Keep Patients Under During Surgery
ZDNet
Charlie Osborne
September 28 , 2020
Researchers from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) and Massachusetts General Hospital trained a neural network to administer anesthetic during surgery .
The team trained the network on patient data , and on models that track levels of consciousness during an operation and recommended drug doses .
Using a simulated environment and virtual patients , the researchers conducted trials to improve the model over time via a " cross- entropy " methodology .
The network outperforms the proportional - integral - derivative ( PID ) controllers currently utilized to determine the right levels of anesthetic to use , and to administer it .
MIT 's Gabriel Schamberg said , " Deep neural networks allow us to make a model with many continuous input data , so our method generated more coherent control policies than prior table - based policies . "
Full Article Researchers from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) and Massachusetts General Hospital trained a neural network to administer anesthetic during surgery .
The team trained the network on patient data , and on models that track levels of consciousness during an operation and recommended drug doses .
Using a simulated environment and virtual patients , the researchers conducted trials to improve the model over time via a " cross- entropy " methodology .
The network outperforms the proportional - integral - derivative ( PID ) controllers currently utilized to determine the right levels of anesthetic to use , and to administer it .
MIT 's Gabriel Schamberg said , " Deep neural networks allow us to make a model with many continuous input data , so our method generated more coherent control policies than prior table - based policies . "
Using Technology to Tailor Lessons to Each Student
The New York Times
Janet Morrisey
September 29 , 2020
Computer algorithms and machine learning are helping to personalize instruction to individual students , a trend experts say is long overdue .
Some think the Covid - 19 pandemic is accelerating U.S. schools ' migration to personalized learning programs ; American Federation of Teachers president Randi Weingarten said , " Innovations like this can help educators meet students where they are and address their individual needs . "
Companies like New Classrooms are striving to advance personalized learning ; the nonprofit 's Teach to One 360 algorithm gives each student access to multigrade curriculums and skills , in order to better address learning gaps in those who are several grades behind .
Other companies working aggressively on personalized learning solutions include Eureka Math , iReady , and Illustrative Mathematics .
Full Article * May Require Paid Registration Computer algorithms and machine learning are helping to personalize instruction to individual students , a trend experts say is long overdue .
Some think the Covid - 19 pandemic is accelerating U.S. schools ' migration to personalized learning programs ; American Federation of Teachers president Randi Weingarten said , " Innovations like this can help educators meet students where they are and address their individual needs . "
Companies like New Classrooms are striving to advance personalized learning ; the nonprofit 's Teach to One 360 algorithm gives each student access to multigrade curriculums and skills , in order to better address learning gaps in those who are several grades behind .
Other companies working aggressively on personalized learning solutions include Eureka Math , iReady , and Illustrative Mathematics .
3D Biometric Authentication Based on Finger Veins Almost Impossible to Fool
Optical Society of America
September 28 , 2020
Researchers at the State University of New York at Buffalo ( UB ) have developed a three - dimensional ( 3D ) biometric authentication methodology based on finger veins that they say can improve the security of this type of authentication .
The protocol utilizes photoacoustic tomography , in which laser light directed onto the subject 's finger generates sound when it encounters a vein ; an ultrasound detector captures the sound , and uses all the sounds generated to create a 3D image of the veins .
Testing found the technique can correctly accept or reject an identity 99 % of the time .
UB 's Jun Xia said , " Since no two people have exactly the same 3D vein pattern , faking a vein biometric authentication would require creating an exact 3D replica of a person 's finger veins , which is basically not possible . "
Full Article Researchers at the State University of New York at Buffalo ( UB ) have developed a three - dimensional ( 3D ) biometric authentication methodology based on finger veins that they say can improve the security of this type of authentication .
The protocol utilizes photoacoustic tomography , in which laser light directed onto the subject 's finger generates sound when it encounters a vein ; an ultrasound detector captures the sound , and uses all the sounds generated to create a 3D image of the veins .
Testing found the technique can correctly accept or reject an identity 99 % of the time .
UB 's Jun Xia said , " Since no two people have exactly the same 3D vein pattern , faking a vein biometric authentication would require creating an exact 3D replica of a person 's finger veins , which is basically not possible . "
App Analyzes Coronavirus Genome on Smartphone
Garvan Institute of Medical Research ( Australia )
September 29 , 2020
Researchers at Australia 's Garvan Institute of Medical Research and Sri Lanka 's University of Peradeniya have developed Genopo , an open source application that can read or ‘ sequence ’ genetic material in a biological sample using an Android smartphone .
Garvan 's Hasindu Gamaarachchi said , " To enable in situ genomic sequencing and analysis , in real time and without major laboratory infrastructure , we developed an app that could execute bioinformatics workflows on nanopore sequencing datasets that are downloaded to a smartphone . "
In testing Genopo on raw sequencing data of samples extracted from nine patients infected with coronavirus on different Android devices , the app took 27 minutes on average to determine the complete genome sequence .
Garvan 's Ira Deveson said this " makes genomic analysis more accessible , literally placing the technology into the pockets of scientists around the world . "
Full Article Researchers at Australia 's Garvan Institute of Medical Research and Sri Lanka 's University of Peradeniya have developed Genopo , an open source application that can read or ‘ sequence ’ genetic material in a biological sample using an Android smartphone .
Garvan 's Hasindu Gamaarachchi said , " To enable in situ genomic sequencing and analysis , in real time and without major laboratory infrastructure , we developed an app that could execute bioinformatics workflows on nanopore sequencing datasets that are downloaded to a smartphone . "
In testing Genopo on raw sequencing data of samples extracted from nine patients infected with coronavirus on different Android devices , the app took 27 minutes on average to determine the complete genome sequence .
Garvan 's Ira Deveson said this " makes genomic analysis more accessible , literally placing the technology into the pockets of scientists around the world . "
Enterprise Tech Efforts Move Beyond Survival Mode
The Wall Street Journal
Angus Loten
September 23 , 2020
Many companies that rushed to install remote - work applications at the start of the pandemic now are moving forward with their pre-Covid - 19 technology plans .
Enterprise technology firms have seen more companies act on their plans to expand use of cloud computing , data analytics , smart software , and other technologies as lockdowns end .
In a recent analysis by technology research firm Gartner , the impact of Covid - 19 was cited by almost 70 % of corporate boards for increased spending on IT and digital capabilities .
Similarly , in a survey of 800 global business executives by consulting firm McKinsey & Co. , about half said the pandemic has prompted their firms to accelerate the implementation of new technologies .
Full Article * May Require Paid Registration
Many companies that rushed to install remote - work applications at the start of the pandemic now are moving forward with their pre-Covid - 19 technology plans .
Enterprise technology firms have seen more companies act on their plans to expand use of cloud computing , data analytics , smart software , and other technologies as lockdowns end .
In a recent analysis by technology research firm Gartner , the impact of Covid - 19 was cited by almost 70 % of corporate boards for increased spending on IT and digital capabilities .
Similarly , in a survey of 800 global business executives by consulting firm McKinsey & Co. , about half said the pandemic has prompted their firms to accelerate the implementation of new technologies .
Irish Schools Harnessing Solar Power , Smart Tech to Measure Energy Use
CNBC
Anmar Frangoul
September 29 , 2020
Microsoft 's Irish unit has partnered with renewable energy provider SSE Airtricity on a plan to deploy Internet - connected solar panels on the rooftops of 27 schools in Ireland .
SSE Airtricity said Internet of Things technology will link the panels to a cloud computing platform from Microsoft .
Digitally connected screens installed in the schools will let students follow energy use in real time .
The utility said the software would " aggregate and analyze real - time data on energy generated by the solar panels , " and demonstrate " a mechanism for Microsoft and other corporations to achieve sustainability goals and reduce the carbon footprint of the electric power grid . "
The Microsoft Sustainability Project is funding the program , to the tune of 1 million euros ( $ 1.17 million ) .
Full Article Microsoft 's Irish unit has partnered with renewable energy provider SSE Airtricity on a plan to deploy Internet - connected solar panels on the rooftops of 27 schools in Ireland .
SSE Airtricity said Internet of Things technology will link the panels to a cloud computing platform from Microsoft .
Digitally connected screens installed in the schools will let students follow energy use in real time .
The utility said the software would " aggregate and analyze real - time data on energy generated by the solar panels , " and demonstrate " a mechanism for Microsoft and other corporations to achieve sustainability goals and reduce the carbon footprint of the electric power grid . "
The Microsoft Sustainability Project is funding the program , to the tune of 1 million euros ( $ 1.17 million ) .
Amazon Introduces the Amazon One , a Way to Pay with Your Palm When Entering Stores
TechCrunch
Sarah Perez
September 29 , 2020
Amazon on Tuesday unveiled the Amazon One , a contactless scanner that will permit shopper to pay at Amazon Go outlets with their palms .
Shoppers insert their credit card into the device and then hover their palm over it , to match their palm image to their payment mechanism .
Amazon said the Amazon
One uses computer vision technology in real time to generate the palm signature , which allegedly offers more privacy than other biometric authentication solutions .
Images are encrypted and sent to a secure area in the cloud , where palm signatures are generated .
The device is being tried out at two Seattle - area stores .
Full Article Amazon on Tuesday unveiled the Amazon One , a contactless scanner that will permit shopper to pay at Amazon Go outlets with their palms .
Shoppers insert their credit card into the device and then hover their palm over it , to match their palm image to their payment mechanism .
Amazon said the Amazon
One uses computer vision technology in real time to generate the palm signature , which allegedly offers more privacy than other biometric authentication solutions .
Images are encrypted and sent to a secure area in the cloud , where palm signatures are generated .
The device is being tried out at two Seattle - area stores .
Half of Young Women Will Leave Their Tech Jobs by Age 35 , Study Finds
CNet
Erin Carson
September 29 , 2020
A study from information technology consultancy Accenture and technology education organization Girls Who Code found that half of young women who enter the tech workforce exit by age 35 .
The study compiled data from 1,990 tech workers , 500 senior human resources leaders in firms employing people in tech occupations , and 2,700 college students .
About a third ( 37 % ) of respondents who left the industry cited a non-inclusive corporate culture as fueling their departures .
The report also highlighted divergent perceptions among senior HR leaders and women , with 45 % of HR respondents saying it is easy for women to flourish in tech , versus 21 % of women and 8 % of women of color .
The report suggested strategies to reduce the attrition of women from tech , including setting external goals , encouraging employees who become parents to take advantage of parental leave policies , and ensuring employees have access to mentors , sponsors , and employee - resource networks .
Full Article
A study from information technology consultancy Accenture and technology education organization Girls Who Code found that half of young women who enter the tech workforce exit by age 35 .
The study compiled data from 1,990 tech workers , 500 senior human resources leaders in firms employing people in tech occupations , and 2,700 college students .
About a third ( 37 % ) of respondents who left the industry cited a non-inclusive corporate culture as fueling their departures .
The report also highlighted divergent perceptions among senior HR leaders and women , with 45 % of HR respondents saying it is easy for women to flourish in tech , versus 21 % of women and 8 % of women of color .
The report suggested strategies to reduce the attrition of women from tech , including setting external goals , encouraging employees who become parents to take advantage of parental leave policies , and ensuring employees have access to mentors , sponsors , and employee - resource networks .
Drone Carries Human Kidney Over Las Vegas Desert
USA Today
Adrianna Rodriguez
September 28 , 2020
Researchers at unmanned aviation solutions provider MissionGO and the Nevada Donor Network organ procurement organization last week announced successful test flights of drones carrying a human organ and tissue in Las Vegas .
One flight on Sept. 17 flew research corneas from one hospital to another about 2.5 miles away ; a second flight the same day transported research kidneys 10 miles from an airport to a site outside a small town in the Las Vegas desert .
Drone deliveries could reduce flight times , as well as the chances of organs becoming nonviable or failing after implantation .
MissionGO 's sister company MediGO aims to add global - positioning software to monitor the quality of the trip and the transported organ .
Full Article Researchers at unmanned aviation solutions provider MissionGO and the Nevada Donor Network organ procurement organization last week announced successful test flights of drones carrying a human organ and tissue in Las Vegas .
One flight on Sept. 17 flew research corneas from one hospital to another about 2.5 miles away ; a second flight the same day transported research kidneys 10 miles from an airport to a site outside a small town in the Las Vegas desert .
Drone deliveries could reduce flight times , as well as the chances of organs becoming nonviable or failing after implantation .
MissionGO 's sister company MediGO aims to add global - positioning software to monitor the quality of the trip and the transported organ .
MARRIED
At First Sight 's only successful couple of 2016 have split up after five months .
Caroline , 28 , and Adam , 34 , set eyes on each other for the first time when they tied the knot on the Channel 4 reality show last year .
5 Caroline and Adam were the only couple to stay together after the 2016 series but now they have split Credit : Channel 4
5 Caroline is now selling her Vera Wang wedding dress for £ 850 online Credit : Channel 4
5 Caroline said it 's " time to say goodbye " to her dress Credit : Instagram
However , Caroline confirmed the pair had gone their separate ways after an eagle - eyed fan spotted that they had n't celebrated New Year 's Eve together .
One of her followers asked if they had split up and she replied : " Yes we did " .
Now Caroline , who hails from London and works as an operations co-coordinator , has put her Vera Wang wedding dress up for sale online .
Any brides looking to buy it will even get dry cleaning included in the bargain price .
5 Eagle - eyed fans fans noticed Caroline celebrated with her fellow Married At First Sight co-stars but not her husband Adam Credit : Instagram
When the last series wrapped , it was revealed that Adam and Caroline were the only couple still together out of the four that met on the show .
However , they did have a rather rocky start as they discussed where they were going to live as Adam is a train driver in Bournemouth and Caroline is based in London .
related stories ' Get to the doctor now ! '
Married at First Sight 's Zoe Hendrix discovers she has mastitis after fans notice symptoms
Wed you believe it ?
This Married At First Sight couple are still together and they 've just had a BABY ' finally back home ' Married At First Sight 's Clark moves back to London after split … as fans go wild over his bulge ‘ Marriage is hard ’ Married At First Sight ’s Clark opens up about split from Melissa three splits and one success Married At First Sight shock as THREE couples split after initially deciding to stay married Video ‘ PLEASE CAN THEY LAST ’ Married At First Sight fans gush over ‘ perfect ’ couple amid rumours that they have split up Video ‘ GET RID OF HER !’
Married At First Sight viewers left shocked as Caroline loses her temper over Adam ’s breakfast blunder Exclusive are they still together ?
Married At First Sight favourites Clark and Melissa 's marriage struggles revealed ' SMILING THROUGH THE PAIN ' Married at First Sight viewers left cringing after ' awkward ' episode of disappointed couples ' Really risky ! '
Married at First Sight groom Adam divides viewers after picking a ' hot woman ' to be his BEST MAN
Many viewers loved the fact that the pair stayed together and many were rooting for them , especially as they went on a second honeymoon to Morocco just two months ago .
The pair had a good start as they got on immediately after meeting each other and both their families were impressed by them .
5 Caroline said she did n't find the " partnership " she wished for Credit : Channel 4
But it was n't to be and Caroline also wrote about the split on her blog , saying their marriage was n't the " great partnership I 'd so optimistically hoped for " .
She wrote : " I thought I was signing up to find the person who was so compatible with me , someone who would come to be my perfect person and I could build a life with .
" I did n’t find that in the husband the experts found for me .
But I did find it in the friendships that I made from the other crazy optimists who also gave this a shot . "
Got a story ?
email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220
Surrounded by supporters , Hilda Sarkisyan marched into Cigna Corp .'s Philadelphia headquarters on a chilly fall day , 10 months after the company refused to pay for a liver transplant for her daughter .
“ You guys killed my daughter , ” the diminutive San Fernando Valley real estate agent declared at the lobby security desk .
“ I want an apology . ”
What she got was something quite different .
Cigna employees , looking down into the atrium lobby from a balcony above , began heckling her , she said , with one of them giving her “ the finger . ”
Advertisement
Sarkisyan walked out , stunned and hurt .
“ They showed me their true colors , ” she said .
“ Shame on them . ”
Cigna later apologized for the 2008 incident , but it has now become -- unintentionally -- the central element of a lawsuit Sarkisyan and her husband , Grigor , are pressing against the health insurer .
The suit began as a wrongful - death complaint , with the couple contending that Cigna ’s refusal to cover the transplant led to Nataline ’s death Dec. 20 , 2007 , in a case that drew national media attention .
Advertisement
A Los Angeles judge threw out the wrongful - death complaint , saying it was barred by a 1987 U.S. Supreme Court ruling that shields employer - paid healthcare plans from damages over their coverage decisions .
But U.S. District Judge Gary Allen Feess said the Sarkisyans could pursue damages for any emotional distress caused by the Philadelphia incident .
The ruling was bittersweet for the Sarkisyans and patient advocates , who say it points to the need for federal legislation to allow people to sue health insurers for the life - or - death decisions they make .
“ They kill a beautiful 17 - year - old girl , and I get to go after them for a finger ?
That ’s sick , ” Hilda Sarkisyan said .
Advertisement
The Sarkisyans contend that Cigna improperly refused the transplant that Nataline ’s UCLA physicians said at the time was urgently needed to save her life , and that the company reflexively issued a denial letter without looking into the specific circumstances .
The company said at the time that , for Nataline , the operation would have been experimental and was not covered .
Nine days later , amid a storm of publicity , Cigna agreed to cover the transplant .
It was too late .
Nataline died hours later .
“ It was the worst thing in life , ” Hilda Sarkisyan said in a recent interview .
Advertisement
Mark Geragos , the high - profile trial lawyer who helped the family make its pleas to Cigna while Nataline was alive , filed the wrongful - death suit on the family ’s behalf last year .
“ If you do n’t sue , you ca n’t make changes , ” Hilda Sarkisyan said .
“ It ’s not about the money .
It ’s about the principle .
They are just going to keep denying people care if we do n’t stop them . ”
Cigna said the dismissal of the wrongful - death case in April showed that the court “ agreed with our position that the Sarkisyans ’ claims regarding Cigna ’s decision making were without merit . ”
In fact , the court did not consider the merits of the family ’s wrongful - death claims .
Instead , it decided those claims could not be heard .
Advertisement
Judge Feess cited rulings by the Supreme Court and others interpreting 1974 ’s Employee Retirement Income Security Act , or ERISA , which governs employee retirement funds and benefit plans .
Under ERISA , the courts have said , the only monetary damages that beneficiaries of workplace health plans can sue for is the cost of the treatment of service in dispute .
The cost of mounting a lawsuit often far exceeds the cost of the treatment in question , patient lawyer Scott Glovsky said .
As a result , few lawyers take them on .
That has in effect shut the courthouse doors on most treatment coverage disputes involving workplace health plans , which are the source of medical insurance for 132 million workers and dependents .
“ ERISA is a license to kill , ” Glovsky said .
“ The companies know that they can deny treatment with the sick or dead member having virtually no recourse . ”
Advertisement
Wendell Potter , a Cigna spokesman who quit after handling the publicity surrounding the Sarkisyan case , agreed .
“ HMOs and insurers are largely free to deny access to care without fear of reprisal or financial consequences , ” Potter said in a speech to the Civil Justice Foundation in San Francisco .
But without these limits , an industry spokesman said , suits against health insurers could be disastrous for consumers .
“ It will bankrupt these plans , and employers would no longer be able to offer coverage , ” said Robert Zirkelbach , a spokesman for America ’s Health Insurance Plans .
Advertisement
With Congress considering a healthcare overhaul -- including a requirement that individuals buy health insurance -- Potter , the Sarkisyans and their supporters want lawmakers to undo the high court ’s 1987 ERISA ruling .
Santa Monica - based Consumer Watchdog sent a letter to key congressional leaders urging them to undo the ERISA ruling , and group President Jamie Court said Nataline ’s case shows why such a move is crucial to any healthcare reform .
“ If the insurer decides they do n’t want to pay for the treatment because they can save a lot of money , there is not a dime available in damages if the person dies or is injured , ” Court said .
“ It ’s cheaper to kill you .
If you die , you ca n’t go to court . ”
It ’s not the first time this aspect of ERISA has come under fire .
The late Sen. Edward M. Kennedy ( D - Mass . ) led an unsuccessful effort in 2001 to take away the protection for health insurers .
Advertisement
“ Patients should have the right to hold their HMO accountable in court when its negligence causes the injury or death of a patient , ” Kennedy told Senate colleagues .
“ No other industry in America enjoys immunity from accountability for its actions , and the insurance industry does not deserve it either . ”
“ I want to get rid of this ERISA law , ” Hilda Sarkisyan said , “ and replace it with Nataline ’s law . ”
Meanwhile , the Sarkisyans filed a suit this month over the lobby incident .
Cigna said in a statement that the case was “ without merit ” and that the company expected to prevail .
About a month after the incident , the Sarkisyans received a letter of apology from a Cigna executive .
Advertisement
“ I was very disappointed to learn of the behavior of one of our employees when you were at our company ’s headquarters , ” wrote John M. Murabito , executive vice president for human resources .
“ I sincerely regret this individual ’s offensive and inappropriate action , ” he continued .
“ Please know that he did not represent the views of our company or the views of other employees who work here .
We deeply empathize with you and wish you peace and comfort in your loss . ”
--
lisa.girion@latimes.com
Tell us what you 're hearing at work , on campus , at the grocery store — anywhere in Saskatoon !
( OK , we 'll take Martensville , Warman et al , too . )
It 's super easy .
Just click here
And be sure to vote for your favourite submissions ( just check funny , cool , etc. under the posts ) so we can pick the most popular one each month .
This illustration from Tactical and Technical Trends shows the primary weapons of the WWII German infantry division according to range — from the lowly bayonet ( 15 ½ in . ) to the divisional artillery ( 20,000 yds . )
WEAPONS OF THE GERMAN INFANTRY DIVISION
Based on a sketch prepared by the Military Intelligence Training Center , Camp Ritchie , Maryland
LEGEND :
Everyone knows the story by now : ICO 's European and Japanese box art is brilliant , while ICO 's North American box art is f*cking disgusting .
Sony Japan Studio VP
Yasuhide Kobayashi is all too aware of this , and has voiced his belief that if ICO had been packaged as intended in America , it would have actually shifted some copies .
" If the packaging was designed differently , we think it would have sold more , " he explains .
" In fact on the Internet many people have said that the Japanese version was better . "
Kobayashi made this claim at the DICE summit , where he was talking about appealing to Western consumers .
He also criticized what the US and Europe consider to be a " new " game , claiming that Western developers make fresh IP that 's " something similar to something that 's come before , because they think it is easier for people to understand . "
He added : " But actually we do n't like this -- it 's like you 're simulating , following suit , combining two titles into one .
It seems the definition of a new title is different in the US and Europe to Japan .
It means a new genre , that 's what we call a new game . "
Interesting theories .
What do you think ?
Would ICO have sold better if the packaging was better ?
What of the idea of a " new " game in the West ?
Are developers wrong to assume that Western gamers need familiarity in their IP , or are there enough examples of successful new genres to prove him wrong ?
Publishers with unique , must - read material and a well - heeled audience can charge readers .
They sell subscriptions and build paywalls showing hints of tempting stories that non-customers can’t read .
Everyone else has to rely on advertising revenue or deliberately run online publishing at a loss .
That ’s where the problems start : online advertising does n’t work well for most publishers .
No money in online ads
The money earned per ad impression is tiny .
So tiny that , in the normal run , only publishers with huge reader numbers or those offering reliable , lucrative specialist audiences are profitable .
Online advertising is often ineffective .
Readers are either blind to online ads or they make a conscious choice to ignore them .
It does n’t matter which , the net effect is the same .
To get around reader blindness publishers resort to ever shriller , in - your - face techniques .
Ads with loud blaring sound tracks , ideas borrowed from commercial radio .
TV - style ads .
The evils of pop -up advertising
And then there are the hated pop -up ads .
The worst are borderline malware where you ca n’t read a story until you ’ve clicked the rubbish away .
We ’ve all seen those more disreputable ads that look like system messages telling us there is a security problem on our computer .
Publishers argue they have no choice about using pop-ups .
Remember , their customers are not their readers but their advertisers .
If that ’s what the market demands , then given the choice between annoying or abusing readers or bankruptcy you know which way they are going to jump .
Modern browsers often block pop-ups .
Which leads publishers and advertisers to other annoying practices .
Another kind of big data
A media company web page might download as much as 10 MB of data to deliver , perhaps , 500 kB of editorial content .
That ’s not a problem if you ’re reading the page using an unmetered Internet account .
If you ’re paying for mobile data , then the data cost of getting the page will be far higher than the revenue the publisher earns from serving you the advertising .
That ’s economic madness .
A lot of these large downloads are not advertising content as such , but code scripts .
Again , it ’s often not far removed from malware .
Online advertising at a tipping point
Pop-ups and other nasty obtrusive forms of advertising have brought us to a tipping point .
Five years ago in Ad - blocking hurts I argued against ad - blocking on the grounds that it was taking money out of the pockets of publishers and writers like myself .
That ’s still true .
You are the product
On the other hand some online advertising is abusive .
Advertisers track your activity , they can know far more about you than you may be aware .
They swap or sell data about you , they use this to feed analytics projects .
Advertisers snoop and pry .
They are often worse than the most abusive government agencies .
They do all this without your consent .
It ’s just about cold , hard data using inhuman algorithms .
Moreover it ’s about money .
You ca n’t negotiate , explain or mitigate any inadvertent damage to your reputation .
Marco Arment has an excellent post on this at his blog .
Online publishing : not mission impossible
It ’s tough being a publisher in 2015 .
Tough but not impossible .
Sadly we do n’t have the take - the - band - on - the - road option that musicians have to bypass unhelpful online economics .
Yet there are proven , ethical ways of making online publications pay without resorting to evil practices .
Native advertising
If I was to return to commercial publishing – that ’s still an option – I ’d bet on running clearly marked advertiser sponsored comment in my news feed .
This sometimes called native advertising .
Native advertising is doubly profitable if the publisher originates the copy as well as distributes it .
You charge for the creative and the access to an audience .
I ’d also explore paywall publishing and micro-payment technologies .
They are now ways to get small per-story payments .
Although only a tiny fraction of visitors will pay even a pittance because many just expect material to be free and would never pay .
Other online publishing business models
Meanwhile there ’s my experience with my own free site .
For a while I toyed with advertising .
It annoyed readers and paid pennies making just NZ $ 40 to $ 50 a month — barely enough to pay the overheads of running a website let alone making an income .
Perhaps the most important lesson was my reader numbers rocketed after I killed the ads .
In effect my site is a shop window .
It sells my main business which is writing about business and technology .
I get one or two enquiries a month from potential clients who see my work here .
That means a steady flow of new commissions .
I also get paid speaking engagements this way .
It ’s taken years but this has gathered momentum to the point where I ’m now often too busy to write fresh content .
You can tell when I ’m busy with paying work , I post less here .
Ad - blocking : coming if you ’re ready or not
Where does this leave ad - blocking ?
Like it or not .
It ’s now inevitable and unavoidable .
While ethical publishers will pay the price of the abusive behaviour of unethical publishers , widespread ad - blocking will give the industry a chance to reboot .
To find a new business model .
It may mean still fewer opportunities for paid journalism , but it could lead to better paid work writing native advertising – something that needs journalism skills to do well .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Haverhill Family Law Attorney
When families ’ situations change , it ’s important to have an experienced family law attorney by your side .
At Finbury & Sullivan , P.C. , we understand how stressful and emotional these changes can be .
We also understand that no two families are ever the same .
As such , we take the appropriate time to sit down and listen to each client before creating a customized plan that will best meet their needs .
Finbury & Sullivan , P.C. represents families experiencing divorce , child support or child custody issues , adoption , pre or post - nuptial agreements , guardianship or conservatorship needs , and even annulments in and around Haverhill , Massachusetts .
Our team of attorneys has years of experience working in and out of the courtroom to get our clients the results they deserve and is always ready and willing to take on even the most challenging family law cases .
The billionaire co-founder of the Black Entertainment Television mocked Democrat Creigh Deeds ’ occasional stuttering at a fundraiser she held for Deeds ’ Republican opponent in the governor ’s race , Bob McDonnell .
In a YouTube video , Sheila Johnson says Virginia needs a governor “ who can really communicate , and Bob McDonnell can communicate . ”
Then she tells a small crowd of wealthy donors , “ The other people I talk to , especially his op - op - op - o - opponent , di - di - did this all through my interview with him . ”
After muted laughter among the guests , she adds , “ He could not articulate what needed to be done . ”
Jared Leopold , Creigh Deeds ’ press secretary , said a YouTube video depicting BET co-founder Sheila Johnson criticizing the candidate on his communication skills was a “ divisive personal attack . ”
“ This is a cheap shot and a new low for this race , ” Leopold told FOX 5 in a statement .
“ Virginians deserve better than personal attacks like this .
“ Creigh Deeds is n’t the smoothest speaker in the race , but when he speaks he is authentic and means what he says .
That ’s what people will respond to , not divisive personal attacks . ”
I think this is the last time I 'll be reviewing Community since I have so many other shows on Thursday and comedies are hard to review .
This was my favorite episode out of the 3 .
I found myself laughing constantly .
Jeff 's new professor played by John Michael Higgins is right from the Dead Poets Society and tells everyone to seize the day .
Instantly he picks up that Jeff does n't do that stuff .
Jeff is clever and makes his moves carefully to get the most benefit .
This leads to constant interaction between them as Jeff fails to do anything that seizes the day .
John Michael Higgins is great and the writing was spot on .
I hope every episode is n't inundated with movie or TV references since they get overbearing after a while and people do n't get all the references .
The other story was funny and also a little disturbing .
Abed wants to take film class but cannot due to financial restraints , so Britta pays for the class .
Throughout the episode
Abed acts really weird and wastes Britta 's money making her mad .
All the while , Abed is filming her and Jeff .
The end result , an awkward clip with deeper meaning .
Somehow
Abed conveyed that he was blamed for his parents splitting up while never having said that out loud , and his father is moved .
Weird , disturbing , funny , and all the other adjectives out there .
Jeff manages to pass the professors test by kissing Britta .
However , it was n't real since Britta owed him a favor .
There were other funny moments Troy 's girly sneezes and Pierce 's inappropriate comments .
Score : 9.3/10
Baraboom
Games , design and programming for web and handheld devices .
Here 's some gratifying news for any employees out there who are feeling bullied by a tyrannical boss :
That aggressive behavior may have little to do with you , and a lot to do with your boss 's feelings of incompetence .
A new study in Psychological Science found that when managers are made to feel insecure about their job performance , their aggressiveness skyrockets .
" Power holders feel they need to be superior and competent .
When they do n't feel they can show that legitimately , they 'll show it by taking people down a notch or two " [ New Scientist ] ,
says study coauthor Nathanael Fast .
The researchers got 410 volunteers from various workplaces to fill out questionnaires about their position in the workplace hierarchy , how they felt about their job performance , and their aggressive tendencies .
They also conducted a series experiments on the volunteers .
In one , they manipulated the subjects '
sense of power and self - worth by asking them to write about occasions when they felt either empowered or impotent and then either competent or incompetent .
Previous research has suggested that such essays cause a short - term bump or drop in feelings of power and capability [ New Scientist ] .
Next they asked the volunteers to set the level of punishment for ( imaginary ) university students who got wrong answers on a test .
Those people who felt more powerful and more incompetent picked the harshest punishments , the study found .
So what 's to be done with a bullying boss ?
Coauthor Serena
Chen says a little ego stroking may make life easier for everyone .
" Make them feel good about themselves in some way , " Chen said , suggesting this might mean complimenting a hobby or nonwork activity provided it is " something plausible that does n't sound like you 're sucking up " [ San Francisco Chronicle ] .
Related Content : 80 beats : Teenage Bullies are Rewarded With Pleasure , Brain Scans Show DISCOVER : So , You Want to Be the Boss ?
Image : iStockphoto
1. Sending Sediq to India in November for a lifesaving bone marrow transplant ( see story ) .
2. Supporting six woman 's literacy / English clinics in rural villages in Bamyan Province ( see stories ) .
3. Start 3 mini-libraries for children in rural villages by the end of 2010 .
4. Provide 3 solar electric systems for medical clinics and schools in the Hindu Kush .
5 . Keep encouraging Afghan children and women by implementing your generosity on this end of the world .
Contact Will : wfs99501@yahoo.com if you would like to help .
US : ( Becky ) : 001-541-221-3040 Afghanistan : 093-078-692-6972
By Dave Lindorff
Next time you see a junkie sprawled at the curb in the downtown of your nearest city , or read about someone who died of a heroin overdose , just imagine a big yellow sign posted next to him or her saying : " Your Federal Tax Dollars at Work . "
Kudos to the New York Times , and to reporters Dexter Filkins , Mark Mazzetti and James Risen , for their lead article today reporting that Ahmed Wali Karzai , brother of Afghanistan 's stunningly corrupt President Hamid Karzai , a leading drug lord in the world 's major opium - producing nation , has for eight years been on the CIA payroll .
Okay , the article was lacking much historical perspective ( more on that later ) , and the dead hand of top editors was evident in the overly cautious tone ( I loved the third paragraph , which stated that " The financial ties and close working relationship between the intelligence agency and Mr. Karzai raises significant questions about America 's war strategy , which is currently under review at the White House . "
Well , duh !
It should be raising questions about why we are even in Afghanistan , about who should be going to jail at the CIA , and about how can the government explain this to the over 1000 soldiers and Marines who have died supposedly helping to build a new Afghanistan ) .
But that said , the newspaper that helped cheerlead us into the pointless and criminal Iraq invasion in 2003 , and that prevented journalist Risen from running his expose ' of the Bush / Cheney administration 's massive warrantless National Security Agency electronic spying operation until after the 2004 presidential election , this time gave a critically important story full timely play , and even , appropriately , included a teaser in the same front - page story about October being the most deadly month yet for the US in Afghanistan .
What the article did n't mention at all is that there is a clear historical pattern here .
During the Vietnam War , the CIA , and its Air America airline front - company , were neck deep in the Southeast Asian heroin trade .
At the time , it was Southeast Asia , not Afghanistan , that was the leading producer and exporter of opium , mostly to the US , where there was a resulting heroin epidemic .
A decade later , in the 1980s , during the Reagan administration , as the late investigative journalist Gary Webb so brilliantly documented first in a series titled " Dark Alliance " in the San Jose Mercury newspaper , and later in a book by that same name , the CIA was deeply involved in the development of and smuggling of cocaine into the US , which was soon engulfed in a crack cocaine epidemic�one that continues to destroy African American and other poor communities across the country .
( The Times ' role here was sordid �it and other leading papers , including the Washington Post and Los Angeles Times �did despicable hit pieces on Webb shamelessly trashing his work and his career , and ultimately driving him to suicide , though his facts have held up . )
In this case , Webb showed that the Agency was actually using the drugs as a way to fund arms , which it could use its own planes to ferry down to the Contra forces it was backing to subvert the Sandinista government in Nicaragua at a time Congress had barred the US from supporting the Contras .
And now we have Afghanistan , once a sleepy backwater of the world with little connection to drugs ( the Taliban , before their overthrow by US forces in 20001 , had , according to the UN , virtually eliminated opium production there ) , but now responsible for as much as 80 percent of the world 's opium production �this at a time that the US effectively finances and runs the place , with an occupying army that , together with Afghan government forces that it controls , outnumbers the Taliban 12 - 1 according to a recent AP story .
The real story here is that where the US goes , the drug trade soon follows , and the leading role in developing and nurturing that trade appears to be played by the Central Intelligence Agency .
Your tax dollars at work .
The issue at this point should not be how many troops the US should add to its total in Afghanistan .
It should n't even be over whether the US should up the ante or scale back to a more limited goal of hunting terrorists .
It should be about how quickly the US can extricate its forces from Afghanistan , how soon the Congress can start hearings into corruption and drug pushing by the CIA , and how soon the Attorney General 's office will begin a grand jury probe into the CIA 's drug dealing .
Americans , who for years have supported a stupid , blundering and ineffective " War on Drugs " in this country , and who mindlessly back " zero - tolerance " policies towards drugs in schools and on the job , should demand a " zero - tolerance " policy toward drugs and dealing with drug pushers in government and foreign policy , including the CIA .
For years we have been fed the story that the Taliban are being financed by their taxes on opium farmers .
That may be partly true , but recently we 've been learning that it 's not the real story .
Taliban forces in Afghanistan , it turns out , have been heavily subsidized by protection money paid to them by civilian aid organizations , including even American government - funded aid programs , and even , reportedly , by the military forces of some of America 's NATO allies ( there is currently a scandal in Italy concerning such payments by Italian forces ) .
But beyond that , the opium industry , far from being controlled by the Taliban , has been , to a great extent , controlled by the very warlords with which the US has allied itself , and , as the Times now reports , by Ahmed Wali Karzai , the president 's own brother .
Karzai , we are also told by Filkins , Mazzetti and Risen , was a key player in producing hundreds of thousands of fraudulent ballots for his brother 's election theft earlier this year .
Left unsaid is whether the CIA might have played a role in that scam too .
In a country where finding printing presses is sure to be difficult , and where transporting bales of counterfeit ballots is risky , you have to wonder whether an agency like the CIA , which has ready access to printers and to helicopters , might have had a hand in keeping its assets in control in Kabul .
Sure that 's idle speculation on my part , but when you learn that America 's spook agency has been keeping not just Karzai , but lots of other unsavory Afghani warlords , on its payroll , such speculation is only logical .
The real attitude of the CIA here was best illustrated by an anonymous quote in the Filkins , Mazzetti and Risen piece , where a " former CIA officer with experience in Afghanistan , " explaining the agency 's backing of Karzai , said , " Virtually every significant Afghan figure has had brushes with the drug trade .
If you are looking for Mother Teresa , she does n't live in Afghanistan . "
" The end justifies the means " is America 's foreign policy and military motto , clearly .
David Cameron provoked a furious row with Tory backbenchers and grassroots members yesterday after reversing his party 's opposition to all - women shortlists in a bid to boost the number of female Conservative MPs .
Only Labour has opted for all - women shortlists at previous elections , with past Conservative leaders opposing them as undemocratic .
Mr Cameron 's U - turn will see all - women shortlists imposed on some constituencies selecting their candidates in the New Year .
Aides to Mr Cameron have said he has done all he can to promote women MPs on to the frontbench but privately admit that he is hampered by the fact that the party only has 19 sitting female MPs .
That number would rise to 60 should the party win a majority at the next election , still only one fifth of its seats .
To the frustration of Conservative Central Office ( CCO ) , local party associations have resisted rules forcing them to give half of the places on their shortlists to women .
The system has failed to deliver more female Tory candidates , with men appearing in the last six major selection contests .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Announcing the change in policy at the Speaker 's Committee , Mr Cameron said : " It 's my intention , if we continue as we are , that some of those shortlists will be all - women shortlists to help us boost the number of Conservative women MPs , " he said .
" There are many very , very good women on our priority list of candidates who have n't yet been selected and I want to give them the chance to serve in parliament . "
The announcement immediately saw a backlash from Tory backbenchers and grassroots members of the party .
Anne Widdecombe , a staunch critic of the all - women shortlists , said that it would make some female MPs feel like second - class citizens .
" Women , no matter what their circumstances , must get to Westminster on their own merits and be able to know that when they 're sitting in the House of Commons , " she said .
John Strafford , chairman of the Campaign for Conservative Democracy , said that party members were " spitting blood " about the decision .
" Many constituencies are just beginning to understand what controls central office is imposing on them , " he said .
Tim Montgomerie and Jonathan Isaby , editors of the influential Tory members ' website ConservativeHome , also issued a statement opposing the move .
" We feared this would happen , " they stated .
" All women shortlists are fundamentally unConservative and they have no place in a party pledged to meritocracy and localism . "
Gordon Brown , who also gave evidence to the committee , said he wanted to see the number of women Labour MPs rise to 120 after the next election , expected in the spring .
He confirmed all - women shortlists would again be imposed but ruled out the use of ethnic minority shortlists to boost the number of black and Asian MPs .
" Eleven per cent of the population comes from black or Asian or minority population and our determination to increase that representation is by taking measures at a local level encourage constituents that this is the right thing to do , " he said .
Posts
PageRank and MapReduce
Data mining and machine learning
About
Part of what makes
Google such an amazing engine of innovation is their internal technology stack : a set of powerful proprietary technologies that makes it easy for Google developers to generate and process enormous quantities of data .
According to a senior Microsoft developer who moved to Google , Googlers work and think at a higher level of abstraction than do developers at many other companies , including Microsoft : “ Google uses Bayesian filtering the way Microsoft uses the if statement ” ( Credit : Joel Spolsky ) .
This series of posts describes some of the technologies that make this high level of abstraction possible .
The technologies I ’ll describe include :
The Google File System : a simple way of accessing enormous amounts of data spread across a large cluster of machines .
Acts as a “ virtual file system ” that makes the cluster look to developers more like a single machine , and eliminates the need to think about details like what happens when a machine fails .
a simple way of accessing enormous amounts of data spread across a large cluster of machines .
Acts as a “ virtual file system ” that makes the cluster look to developers more like a single machine , and eliminates the need to think about details like what happens when a machine fails .
Bigtable : Building on the Google File System , Bigtable provides a simple database model which can be run across large clusters .
This allows developers to ignore many of the underlying details of the cluster , and concentrate on getting things done .
Building on the Google File System , Bigtable provides a simple database model which can be run across large clusters .
This allows developers to ignore many of the underlying details of the cluster , and concentrate on getting things done .
MapReduce : A powerful programming model for processing and generating very large data sets on large clusters , MapReduce makes it easy to automatically parallelize many programming tasks .
It is used internally by Google developers to process many petabytes of data every day , enabling developers to code and run simple but large parallel jobs in minutes , instead of days .
Together , these technologies make it easy to run large parallel jobs on very big data sets .
Running on top of this technology stack are many powerful data mining and machine learning algorithms .
I ’ll describe at least two of these :
Web Crawling
PageRank
and may describe more , including statistical approaches to spell checking and machine translation , and recommendation algorithms .
In addition to understanding how these technologies work , we ’ll also :
Develop toy implementations of some of the technologies .
Investigate some related open source technologies , such as Hadoop , CouchDB , Nutch , Lucene , and others .
I ’ve never worked at Google .
The posts are based on the published literature , especially some key technical publications released by Google describing the Google File System , Bigtable , MapReduce , and PageRank .
I ’m sure there are some significant differences between the material I will describe , and the current internal state - of - the - art .
Still , we should be able to build up a pretty good picture of a data - intensive web company , even if it ’s not accurate about Google ’s particulars .
Exercises and problems :
The posts will contain exercises for you to do to master the material , and also some more challenging and often open - ended problems .
Note that while I ’ve worked on many of the problems , I by no means have full solutions .
FriendFeed room :
There is a FriendFeed room for the series .
Accompanying lectures : I ’m basing a lecture series in Waterloo , Ontario , on the posts .
Here ’s some details about the lectures .
Audience :
The audience will include both theoretical physicists and developers ; the lectures should be accessible to both sets of people .
Time : Lectures will be held every Tuesday , 7:00 - 8:30 pm .
The exception is the first lecture , which will be Thursday , December 4 , 2008 , 7:00 - 8:30 pm .
Location : AideRSS have kindly offered us a room for the course , at 505 - 180 King Street South , Waterloo – it ’s opposite the Brick Brewery , and near the Hospital .
To get into the building , you need someone from AideRSS to let you in .
If no one from AideRSS is by the entrance , call ( 519 ) 498 1476 .
Background reading
The lectures are based primarily on the following sources :
Related resources include :
First of five lectures on MapReduce .
Lecture course on scalable systems at the University of Washington , covering many similar topics .
Videos of the lectures are included .
Many more resources will be posted in the FriendFeed room for the course .
Pictured above is a hilarious jab at the gaming industry for creating powerful technology for near - useless reasons .
And that was pretty much true .
Until now !
It looks like the tables may have turned in an oh - so ironically - pleasing way !
We gamers may have just won ourselves some moral high ground , at least by proxy .
Some cardiologists have discovered that a chip inside an X - box 360 can do for them what a rather expensive computer does , and for much less money .
I ’ll just let CNN explain the details on this one :
Well , what ’s this mean to you ?
Plenty .
Video game technology may now have a wider impact on global medicine , science , and society .
At last , you can say that video games are helping the world in a positive way .
When your mom / dad / girlfriend start nagging you about that “ horrible ” game machine being a useless waste of time , you can just turn to them and say , “ Could you come back later ?
I ’m busy saving the world . ”
Oh man , in their FACE !
( Source : CNN )
Pictured above is a hilarious jab at the gaming industry for creating powerful technology for near useless reasons .
And that was pretty much true .
Until now !
Its looks like the tables may have turned in an oh - so - ironically - pleasing way !
We gamers may have just won ourselves some moral high ground , at least by proxy .
Some cardiologists have discovered that a chip inside an X - box 360 can do for them what a rather expensive computer does , and for much less money .
I ’ll just let CNN explain the details on this one :
Well , what ’s this mean to you ?
Plenty .
Video game technology may now have a wider impact on global medicine , science , and society .
At last , you can say that video games are helping the world in a positive way .
When your mom / dad / girlfriend start nagging you about that “ horrible ” game machine being a useless waste of time , you can just turn to them and say , “ Could you come back later ?
I ’m busy saving the world . ”
Oh man , in their FACE !
( Source : CNN )
A new episode of The Simpsons is to premiere in the UK for the first time
Hit animated comedy The Simpsons is celebrating its 20th anniversary with a competition to create a new character .
The new Springfield resident will appear in an early 2010 episode , also featuring Coldplay 's Chris Martin .
The contest , open for just one week , promises the winner a trip to Los Angeles to work with the show 's producers and the animation director .
Submissions should be " pithy and funny " with a " typical Simpsons overbite " , said executive producer Al Jean .
" It 's gotta be a human being .
We 've narrowed it down that much , " he added .
Jean , who will judge the online contest with Simpsons creator Matt Groening , said the competition was a form of thank - you to the show 's enduring fanbase .
Prime - time history
The Simpsons is set to become the longest - running prime - time series in US TV history after makers
Fox ordered another two seasons .
" We 're now in uncharted waters :
We 've gone longer than any scripted show in prime - time history , " said Jean .
" It 's a cliche , but it would n't be so except for these people who 've loved the show all these years . "
The episode featuring the new character will see Homer disappoint wife Marge by arriving late at a wedding after stopping to buy a lottery ticket .
He encounters the new face while rushing to the ceremony , Jean said , adding that it 's possible the character may return in another episode .
The Simpsons was first shown in December 1989 , and made its UK debut on Sky in September 1990 .
The new commission of 44 episodes over two seasons will bring the total number of shows to 493 .
The cartoon , featuring Bart , Homer , Marge and other residents of Springfield , has received 24 Emmy awards in its 20 years on screen .
COLUMBUS — Purchasing a psychoactive herb known as Salvia divinorum for a mind - bending trip soon could be illegal in Ohio .
Gov .
Ted Strickland is reviewing a bill passed by the General Assembly at the end of its lame - duck session .
If he signs it , Ohio will become at least the sixth state to ban the obscure Mexican herb in the mint family , putting it on a par with marijuana as a plant that is illegal to purchase , possess or sell in any quantity .
The ban would go into effect in 90 days .
The active ingredient in the plant -- known as Salvinorin A -- is widely regarded by biochemists as one of the strongest natural hallucinogens , but it is not considered addictive .
Lawmakers said they were prompted to act by the death of a Loudonville boy who was killed by a friend who had smoked the herb .
But users of the plant have said it 's unlikely the drug played a role in the killing because its effects are so debilitating .
Small packages of the herb are sold at head shops across Ohio under various names , including Holy Smoke , and are available on the Internet in varying degrees of potency .
The plant , used for centuries by medicine men of the Mazatec Indian tribe in Mexico , produces potent and intense hallucinations in which users report feeling as if they had been separated from their bodies and were entering another reality .
The effects are said to last only for a short time , compared with synthetic hallucinogens such as LSD .
Nem tudom , mi a neve ennek a helynek , de az ki van írva , hogy ‘ szendvicsbár ’ , meg NYITVA , meg ‘ zárva ’ , meg minden , ami ki lehet írva .
Amikor megérkeztem , még nem világított a NYITVA ledtábla , ám az ajtó nyitva volt és ketten már bent is beszélgettek ( egyikük a tulajdonos ( ? ) volt ) , így kedvesen invitáltak be , hogy persze már nyitva vannak .
pult – mit eszünk ?
A mai napon Noncsival , Mogyival és Pingwinnel reggeliztem , ami bizony már négy ember velem együtt és már majdnem egy tömeg .
🙂
Ne lepődjetek meg hát ezen poszt fotóinak profizmusán : nem egy ilyen béna csinálta őket , mint én , hanem Mogyi , akinek ez kicsit jobban megy .
🙂
Nade mit ettünk ?
Először is nem enni kértünk , hanem én meg Pingwin cappucino -t .
A kávé lágy íze , meg a tejhab ( lehet lassan kávéfügg ő leszek , bár csak reggelente iszom 🙂 ) , meg a tetején a fincsi kakaópor ( már akinek , mert volt fahéj is ) .
Bár mindig ezzel indulna a napom … várjunk csak !
Mindig ezzel indul . 🙂
Akkor jó .
Megpróbáltunk szerintem nem tudatosan , de minél többféle ( azaz amíg Noncsi nem érkezett meg , addig 3 féle ) dolgot kipróbálni a szendvicsek közül .
Van olyan szendvics , ami sima szendvics , de nem éppen akkor csinálja , hanem már készen vár rád a pultban és kérheted , hogy jól grillezzék össze az ízeket .
Van olyan , amelyiket kérheted , hogy most csinálják , az orrod előtt , friss összetevőkből ( talán még a csirkét is ott vágják le , de sajnos ezt nem tudtuk meg , mert – mint az kiderült – a csirke még nem érkezett meg , olyan korán jöttünk ) .
Aztán van olyan szendvics , ami óriásbagettes melegszendvics ,
finoman rápakolják a feltéteket , meg a sajtot és aztán – gondolom –
kemencében megsütik neked .
Ezen kívül amiket nem próbáltunk ki , de vannak : tekercsek ( ez nemtommi .
nem volt mellé írva , hogy ízlés szerint ellenállásokkal és tranzisztorokkal , ú gyhogy sejtem , hogy nem valami elektronikai dologról van szó ) , lángosok ( meglepően sok féle ) , hamburgerek , saláták , hot - dogok és óriáspalacsinták (!! ) .
Úgyhogy , ha reggelizni akarsz , akár amerikai jellegűt , akár fitnessz - vega jellegűt és mindezt a Műegyetem K- épülete mögött , közel a Gellért térhez , ezt itt mind megteheted .
Én abszolút meg voltam elégedve a hellyel , az egyetlen baj talán az , hogy ( hogy Noncsit idézzem : ) kicsit kicsik az asztalok és nagyok a tálcák , így nem nagyon fértek el négyen egy asztalnál , ha mind kajálni akartok .
Persze nagyobb asztalok meg nem férnének be , mert amúgy a hely sem túl nagy – olyan közepesecske - , így a közlekedés nehézkessé válhat , ha befészkeled magad a női magazinok és FHM - ek mellé ( amik ki vannak téve olvasásra ) .
De hát valamit valamiért , ugye . 🙂
Napi fennkölt filozófia
A szépsége ennek az egész reggelizős mókának az emberek , akik eljönnek .
itt éppen arra gondolok , hogy “ definom ”
Mielőtt belevetik magukat a stresszes életükbe , van egy kis sziget reggel , ahol még feltehetik a lábukat a nyugágyban és elolvashatják a napi híreket , elkortyolgathatják a saját kis külön bejáratú kávéjukat és senki nem zargatja őket , amíg nem végeznek és erőtől duzzadó végtagjaikkal visszamásznak a mókuskerékbe , hogy arcukba zúdulhasson a világ .
Erről az egészről az jut eszembe , amikor Freegyessel a Schönherz Qpa nevű villanykaros verseny - buli - rendezvényen az utolsó napon , a hajtáson ( amikor minden órában végtelen kreatívan megoldandó feladatot kapnak a versenyzők és ennek ellenére , az idő szűke miatt gyakran kevés emlékezetes megoldás születik [ de azok nagyon azok ] ) odamentünk a rendezőkhöz , beálltunk a sorba , mintha feladatot akarnánk beadni és azt mondtuk nekik , hogy :
sziasztok .
az van , hogy nem szeretnénk feladatot beadni .
nem akarjuk a taknyunkat a hajatokba kenni és nem akarunk kézen állva ventillátorba üríteni , nem akarunk szarabbnál szarabb feladatbeadásokkal traktálni , abból volt már elég és ráadásul még csak alkoholt sem tukmálunk rátok , mert nagy valószínűséggel abból is elegetek van .
itt van ez a gitár , ezzel andalító zenétjátszunk nektek 5 percig ( de ha nem szeretnétek , azt is abbahagyjuk ) , addig pihenjétek ki magatokat .
csukjátok be a szemeteket , ne gondoljatok semmire , eresszetek el egy mosoly , aztán nézzetek szét : ez a Ti qpátok .
ezen dolgoztok egy éve és nemsoká vége lesz .
érezzétek jól magatokat , mi pedig köszönjük .
Kíváncsi vagyok , hogy az emberek képesek -e ennyire kikapcsolódni reggeli közben is , vagy ez tökre nem számít ?
Az a cél , hogy megismerjek minél több helyet , ahol lehet enni , hogy egyek rendszeresen , hogy kicsit korábban keljek fel minden nap és ez rendet teremtsen az életemben , vagy az , hogy emberekkel találkozzak , lássam az arcukat , vagy , hogy kikapcsolódjak a minden előtt , hogy megtervezzem a napomat , hogy tervszerűbben éljek ?
Talán kicsit mind .
És talán csak azért reggelizek , hogy reggelizzek .
A holnapi nap még mindig nincs meg , de már vannak javaslatok , lehet nem leszünk közel ( de azért jó lenne ) , így lehet javasolni , hogy merre menjünk . 🙂
Update : A Ferenciek terére megyek , a Centrál kávéházba – béla javaslatára .
🙂 Szorri , hogy ilyen későn írom meg , cserébe menjünk oda fél 9 - re .
Tehát fél 9kor reggeli itt .
Fairey himself admitted that he did n't use The Associated Press photo of Obama seated next to actor George Clooney he originally said his work was based on — which he claimed would have been covered under " fair use " , the legal claim that copyrighted work can be used without having to pay for it .
Instead he used a picture the news organisation has claimed was his source — a solo picture of the future president seemingly closer to the iconic red , white and blue image of Obama , underlined with the caption " HOPE " .
Fairey said that he tried to cover up his error by submitting false images and deleting others .
The distinction is critical because fair use can sometimes be determined by how much of an original image or work was altered in the creation of a new work .
If Fairey did n't need to significantly alter the image he used — in this case the solo shot of Obama — then his claim could have been undermined .
Fair use cases also may consider the market value of the copyrighted material and the intended use of the newly created work .
" Shepard Fairey has now been forced to admit that he sued the AP under false pretenses by lying about which AP photograph he used , " said AP vice president and general counsel Srinandan R. Kasi .
" Mr Fairey has also now admitted to the AP that he fabricated and attempted to destroy other evidence in an effort to bolster his fair use case and cover up his previous lies and omissions . "
Mr Kasi said Mr Fairey 's admission struck " at the heart " of his defence that he was protected by fair use .
Kasi said the AP would continue to pursue its countersuit alleging that Mr Fairey willfully infringed the AP 's copyright .
It was not immediately clear from the statements issued and court filings if Mr Fairey would continue with his case , but a person close to Fairey said that the artist would .
The person was not authorised to discuss the case and spoke on condition of anonymity .
Mr Falzone said in a statement that the legal team 's decision to withdraw had nothing to do with the " underlying merits " of Mr Fairey 's case .
" We believe as strongly as ever in the fair use and free expression issues at the centre of this case , and believe Shepard will prevail on those issues , " Mr Falzone said .
" We hope this unfortunate situation does not obscure those issues . "
Laurence Pulgram , an intellectual property lawyer who represented Napster in a copyright fight with the rock band Metallica , said on Saturday that Mr Fairey 's case was in trouble .
" This was a brain - dead move by Mr Fairey , and it could be the turning point .
His lawyers will still be able to argue that he made a ' fair use ' under copyright law , but it 's a whole lot less likely that the court or jury will think that what he did was actually ' fair ' if he has lied and tried to mislead the entire world about what use he made , " Mr Pulgram said .
Mr Fairey , 39 , had claimed he based his " HOPE " drawing on a photo of then - Senator Obama seated next to Mr Clooney .
The photo was taken in April 2006 by Mannie Garcia , on assignment for the AP , at the National Press Club in Washington .
Mr Fairey now says he started with a solo photograph of Mr Obama taken at the same event , by the same photographer .
The AP has long maintained that Mr Fairey used the solo shot for the poster .
Mr Fairey sued the not - for - profit news cooperative in February , arguing that he did n't violate copyright law because he dramatically changed the image .
The AP countersued in March , saying the uncredited , uncompensated use of an AP photo violated copyright laws and signaled a threat to journalism .
Mr Fairey , a Los Angeles - based street artist with a long , often proud history of breaking rules , said in a statement on Friday that he was wrong about which photo he used and that he tried to hide his error .
" In an attempt to conceal my mistake , I submitted false images and deleted other images , " said Fairey .
" I sincerely apologise for my lapse in judgment , and I take full responsibility for my actions , which were mine alone . "
He said he was taking steps to correct the information and regretted that he did n't come forward sooner .
Mr Fairey was at the Warhol Museum in Pittsburgh on Saturday night for the opening of an exhibit of his works — including the 4 - foot - by - 8 - foot Obama poster .
He drew a chuckle from the crowd during a question and answer session when he said , " I am learning from my mistakes , if everybody 's been keeping up with the news . "
Mr Fairey said it was wrong to portray the error in his initial claim " as if it was very , very premeditated and sinister " .
He described his craft as manipulating existing images , and said barring such work is like " saying you can't use those words anymore , they 've already been used .
How would we talk to each other ? "
In addition to indicating they plan to withdraw from the case , attorneys for Fairey filed papers in federal court in Manhattan stating that he misled them .
They also amended the original court documents , reflecting that Mr Fairey used a different picture .
" Mr Fairey was apparently mistaken about the photograph he used when his original complaint for declaratory relief was filed on February 9 , 2009 , " the papers say .
" After the original complaint was filed , Mr Fairey realised his mistake .
Instead of acknowledging that mistake , Mr Fairey attempted to delete the electronic files he had used in creating the illustration at issue .
He also created , and delivered to his counsel for production , new documents to make it appear as though he had used the Clooney photograph as his reference . "
Mr Fairey said in his statement that the real issue was " the right to fair use " so artists can create freely .
" Regardless of which of the two images was used , " he said , " the fair use issue should be the same . "
The dispute between Mr Fairey and the AP has led to a strong debate between artists and free speech advocates defending Fairey and photographers and journalism organizations citing the need for copyright protection .
The " HOPE " image has appeared on countless posters , stickers and buttons .
It has appeared in several books and in numerous museums , including a mixed - media stenciled collage version added to the permanent collection of the National Portrait Gallery in Washington .
Mr Fairey also used the AP photograph for an image designed especially for the Obama inaugural committee , which charged anywhere from $ US100 for a poster to $ US500 for a poster signed by the artist .
It is unclear how much , in total , Fairey may have earned from the design , though he has often said he did not personally profit from it .
Mr Fairey has said that he first designed the image in early 2008 , after he was encouraged by the Obama campaign to come up with some kind of artwork .
The AP plans to donate any proceeds received for past use of the photo to the AP Emergency Relief Fund , which assists staffers and their families around the world who are victims of natural disasters and conflicts .
AP
Britain prepares for ANOTHER battering after biggest storm of the year washes out the weekend
Advertisement
The storms that battered Britain over the weekend will return with a vengeance this week as heavy rains and gale force winds sweep across the country .
Parts of the UK could see six inches of rain over the next few days , putting homes and businesses at risk of flooding , forecasters warned today .
However , despite the storms there is still no sign of winter approaching .
The Met Office says temperatures could rise to an ' exceptionally mild ' 60 F ( 16C ) over the next couple of days - more than 10 degrees F higher than normal for the time of year .
The moment a giant wave swamps the 60ft sea wall at Porthleven in west Cornwall .
An onlooker said it was the biggest wave he'd seen in Cornwall in more than 40 years
The massive wave explodes off the wall in Porthleven , Cornwall , on Friday
Parts of Britain are still recovering after the worst storms of the year swept in from the Atlantic on Saturday morning .
Winds reached 75 mph on the Solent while Plymouth saw gales of 71 mph .
The strongest winds were recorded at the Needles on the Isle of Wight where the gusts hit 100mph .
The storms damaged roofs , brought down branches and triggered rock slides - disrupting railway services and flooding dozens of homes .
Sarah Holland , of the Met Office , said tomorrow's weather would be relatively calm - but that things would take a turn for the worst tomorrow .
' The worst of the storms will be on Wednesdays night through to Thursday and Friday , ' she said .
' We will have a lot of heavy rain coming through .
Each day we could seen 30 mm to 50 mm of rainfall falling on saturated ground .
' On Friday we could have stormy gusts of wind up to 60 m ph . '
Calm after the storm : Geese swim around a bench in Redhouse Park , Birmingham , after torrential rain at the weekend
The weather front will bring heavy rain and winds to Cumbria , Northern Ireland and Southern Scotland on Wednesday before spreading rest of England and Wales on Thursday .
The Welsh mountains and Lake District could see up to four inches of rain in a day .
The ground is saturated after the last few days , increasing the risk of flash flooding and run off into rivers , which are already high after the storms .
Wales , the south west , north west and west Midland are thought to be most vulnerable to floods .
More than 40 flood alerts - including five flood warnings - were in place today .
The gale force storms triggered nearly 5,000 calls to the Environmental Agency 's helpline .
The agency is warning homeowners to be on alert to the risk of flooding over the next few days .
Taking off : Storm - force winds lift this man off the ground in Dorset
Old Harry Rocks on the Isle of Purbeck seen from Sandbanks near Poole , Dorset , where hurricane force gales buffeted the coast
Ken Hunt , from the Environment Agency said : ' It seems to have died down now but we expect to see the flood risk in some areas increase as some catchments are slower to respond to flooding than others .
' So as water moves through the system and drains away flood warnings may go up .
' We are preparing for Thursday and Friday because the rivers will still be high and the ground will still be wet and there is a lot more rain to come . '
Householders able to stay dry indoors may find some solace in the milder weather .
Temperatures are expected to reach 57 F to 61 F ( 14C to 16C ) over the next few days - around 10 F warmer than normal for mid November .
' Between the rain and wind , this week will be very mild , well above average temperatures at this time of year , ' a spokesman for the Met Office said .
On Sunday , 60 homes were damaged in Benfleet , Essex , when a tornado struck the town .
Warning : mysqli_query ( ) : ( HY000 /1030 ) : Got error 28 from storage engine in /home / sportsun/ public_html/wp-includes/wp-db.php on line 1942
That ’s what some of his former players are saying about the Kansas Jayhawks coach .
I ’m hoping we can all agree that sometimes emotional abuse is just as detrimental to a young person ’s well - being as physical abuse .
That being said , some folks are calling for Mangino ’s firing after several reports of alleged past abusive behavior have surfaced .
Former players of the rotund man are criticizing his tough love style , including Raymond Brown , who says Mangino threatened to send him home , where he might be shot like his little brother had been just days before .
Because he dared to drop a pass in practice .
A bit harsh in my opinion .
Another player claims that Mangino made asshole remarks about a teammate ’s father being an alcoholic .
I guess I ’m not sure what some guy ’s dad being a booze hound has to do with a player ’s performance on the field , but everyone ’s coaching style is different .
Speaking of which , Mangino just so happens to be the most effective coach Kansas has ever had .
Between 1947 - 2002 , they managed to make it to just eight bowl games with a 3 - 5 record .
Since 2002 when Mangino took over , they ’ve been to four bowl games , losing just one .
Whatever he ’s been doing , it ’s working .
Of course , Mangino was not available for comment , which was probably a good thing since he might have just said something insensitive about the reporter ’s mother .
More on this as the story unfolds !
As I predicted — though I was unsure whether it would be the H1N1 virus or the collapse of the dollar — the Communist Puppet would use something to cement his total control over every aspect of our lives .
From the day he took office , Obama and his puppet masters have been building a shadow Government with all power vested in them .
The Czars he has appointed , who were not vetted and approved by Congress nor elected , now have the authority to control every aspect of American commerce .
I challenge you to look at the Executive Orders that have been signed over the last 30 years and are still in place .
Also carefully read the provisions of the Violent Crime Control Act .
They are listed here America In Peril and I include a partial list below .
You will see that with the Executive Orders already in place , combined with the provisions of the Violent Crime Control Act , with the stroke of a pen Obama can suspend the Constitution , the Judiciary , Elections and in effect declare himself president for life .
The next step
In the wannabe dictators plan is to declare Martial Law , confiscate all privately owned firearms , round up all dissenters and move them to detention centers .
Also there will be detention centers for those who have the H1N1 virus .
A series of Executive Orders , internal governmental departmental laws , unpassed by Congress , the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988 and the Violent Crime Control Act of 1991 , provides additional powers to the President of the United States , allowing the suspension of the Constitution and Constitutional rights of Americans during a “ drug crisis ” .
It provides for the construction of detention camps , seizure of property , and military control of populated areas , has whittled down Constitutional law substantially .
These new Executive Orders and Congressional Acts allow for the construction of concentration camps , suspension of rights and the ability of the President to declare Martial Law in the event of a drug crisis .
Congress will have no power to prevent the Martial Law declaration and can only review the process six months after Martial Law has been declared .
The most critical Executive Order was issued on August 1 , 1971 .
Nixon signed both a proclamation and Executive Order 11615 .
Proclamation No. 4074 states , “ I hereby declare a national emergency ” , thus establishing an economic crisis .
That national emergency order has not been rescinded .
This , teamed with the Executive Orders of the President , enables Orwellian prophecies to rest on whomever occupies the White House .
The power provided by these “ laws ” allows suspension of the Constitution and the rights guaranteed in the Bill of Rights during any civil disturbances , major demonstrations and strikes and allows the military to implement government ordered movements of civilian populations at state and regional levels , the arrest of certain unidentified segments of the population , and the imposition of Martial Law .
When the Constitution of the United States was framed it placed the exclusive legislative authority in the hands of Congress and with the President .
Article I , Section 1 of the United States Constitution is concise in its language :
“ All legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States , which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives . ”
That is no longer true .
The Bill of Rights protected Americans against loss of freedoms .
That is no longer true .
The Constitution provided for a balanced separation of powers .
That is no longer applicable .
Perhaps it can be summed up succinctly in the words of arch - conservative activist Howard J Ruff :
“ Since the enactment of Executive Order 11490 , the only thing standing between us and dictatorship is the good character of the President , and the lack of a crisis severe enough that the public would stand still for it . ”
Next we will look at all legislation passed or attempted by the dishonest Socialist regardless if they call themselves Progressive , Liberal , Independent , Republican , or Democrat .
If you have a computer you can look up the legislation .
Here are just a few Executive Orders that would suspend the Constitution and the Bill of Rights .
These Executive Orders have been on record for nearly 30 years and could be enacted by the stroke of a Presidential pen :
EXECUTIVE ORDER 10990 allows the government to take over all modes of transportation and control of highways and seaports .
EXECUTIVE ORDER 10995 allows the government to seize and control the communication media .
EXECUTIVE ORDER 10997 allows the government to take over all electrical power , gas , petroleum , fuels and minerals .
EXECUTIVE ORDER 10998 allows the government to take over all food resources and farms .
EXECUTIVE ORDER 11000 allows the government to mobilize civilians into work brigades under government supervision .
EXECUTIVE ORDER 11001 allows the government to take over all health , education and welfare functions .
EXECUTIVE ORDER 11002 designates the Postmaster General to operate a national registration of all persons .
EXECUTIVE ORDER 11003 allows the government to take over all airports and aircraft , including commercial aircraft .
EXECUTIVE ORDER 11004 allows the Housing and Finance Authority to relocate communities , build new housing with public funds , designate areas to be abandoned , and establish new locations for populations .
EXECUTIVE ORDER 11005 allows the government to take over railroads , inland waterways and public storage facilities .
EXECUTIVE ORDER 11051 specifies the responsibility of the Office of Emergency Planning and gives authorization to put all Executive Orders into effect in times of increased international tensions and economic or financial crisis .
EXECUTIVE ORDER 11310 grants authority to the Department of Justice to enforce the plans set out in Executive Orders , to institute industrial support , to establish judicial and legislative liaison , to control all aliens , to operate penal and correctional institutions , and to advise and assist the President .
Here are the later Executive Orders :
EXECUTIVE ORDER 11049 assigns emergency preparedness function to federal departments and agencies , consolidating 21 operative Executive Orders issued over a fifteen year period .
EXECUTIVE ORDER 11921 allows the Federal Emergency Preparedness Agency to develop plans to establish control over the mechanisms of production and distribution , of energy sources , wages , salaries , credit and the flow of money in U.S. financial institution in any undefined national emergency .
It also provides that when a state of emergency is declared by the President , Congress cannot review the action for six months .
EXECUTIVE ORDER 12148 created the Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) that is to interface with the Department of Defense for civil defense planning and funding .
An “ emergency czar ” was appointed .
FEMA has only spent about 6 percent of its budget on national emergencies , the bulk of their funding has been used for the construction of secret underground facilities to assure continuity of government in case of a major emergency , foreign or domestic .
EXECUTIVE ORDER 12656 appointed the National Security Council as the principal body that should consider emergency powers .
This allows the government to increase domestic intelligence and surveillance of U.S. citizens and would restrict the freedom of movement within the United States and granted the government the right to isolate large groups of civilians .
The National Guard could be federalized to seal all borders and take control of U.S. air space and all ports of entry .
Many of the figures in the Iran - Contra scandal were part of this emergency contingent , including Marine Colonel Oliver North .
[ Chicken - users ] GOOD BYE
From : Kon Lovett Subject : [ Chicken- users ] GOOD BYE Date : Tue , 6 Oct 2009 08:41:54 - 0700
DO NOT produce any more submission on the subject of CHICKEN .
Good Bye , Kon
reply via email to
[ Prev in Thread ] Current Thread [ Next in Thread ]
Looks like the CDC ’s chronic fatigue syndrome research group , led by Dr. William C. Reeves , may have some ‘ splaining to do in Washington .
A possible research breakthrough — the discovery of a correlation between CFS and a retrovirus related to the AIDS virus — has fired up the medical community in recent weeks .
“ This is going to create an avalanche of subsequent studies , ” Dr. William Schaffner , an infectious disease expert at Vanderbilt University , told the New York Times this month .
But will the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention play a role in that research ?
It has n’t so far .
Advocates have been pushing the Atlanta - based CDC for years to fund outside research into a possible viral explanation for the debilitating disease , which afflicts as many as 1 million Americans — maybe more .
Most of them are adult women .
The agency ’s role in CFS research could come under the spotlight Thursday , as a federal advisory committee begins two days of meetings where the retrovirus findings will be at center stage .
Advocates have called for help in packing the meeting to signal the committee , which makes recommendations to Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sibelius , that they want action now .
Reeves is a controversial figure in the CFS community , blamed by many for downplaying the severity of the disease and refusing to fund meaningful research into a viral explanation .
Just Google him and see for yourself .
Without naming Reeves , the HHS advisory panel in May called for his ouster and for federal health officials to “ establish progressive leadership at the CDC that can achieve efficient meaningful progress in CFS research , clinical care and education . ”
Minutes show the committee talked about whether to name Reeves in its recommendation .
“ We have heard from the IACFS / ME President , who represents the scientific CFS community , call for new leadership within the CDC ’s CFS program .
We also learned that a CFS patient group has over 1,000 signatures asking for a change in leadership at the CDC ’s CFS program .
Furthermore , we continue to hear complaints from patients during public testimony about a number of issues involving the leadership at the CDC .
In addition , a number of patient organizations have called for a change in leadership at the CFS CDC program . ”
The action came after the world ’s largest group of medical professionals promoting CFS research made a similar recommendation — in somewhat blunter terms .
CDC ’s research on the disease “ needs … a progessive , open - minded and dynamic manager with a sense of urgency commensurate with the pressing needs of the CFS community , ” wrote Dr. Fred Friedberg , president of the International Association for Chronic Fatigue Syndrome / Myalgic Encephalomyelitis .
Friedberg called on the CDC ’s new leadership to give CFS research the urgency it deserves as an “ unacknowledged crisis . ”
He criticized the agency ’s five - year plan for addressing the disease as lacking substance and detail and noted that CDC sponsors no prevention or clinical treatment research .
In Fact , Friedberg wrote , CDC ’s top researchers did n’t even show up at his group ’s annual meeting this year : “ Noticeably absent from our 2009 meeting was the senior leadership from the CDC CFS research program . ”
Advocates also planned to present an online petition calling on the CDC to stop using an empirical definition for the disease , also known as the Reeves 2005 definition , in its studies .
They contend that language is too vague , too subjective and prone to improperly including patients who actually suffer from depression or another mental disorder .
As a consequence , they say , the CDC ’s work is ineffective because it includes patients who have been misdiagnosed .
— — — ——
–
Atlanta Unfiltered relies exclusively on your financial support .
If this article has value to you , why not make a financial contribution to help us do our work ?
Use the handy “ donate ” button on the homepage , or contact us at editor@atlantaunfiltered.com if you wish to send a check .
We ’re not picky .
Contributions are NOT tax deductible for now .
If you ’d like your donation to benefit a particular one of our underpaid ( OK — unpaid ) correspondents , let us know so we can share the wealth .
After months of waiting , President Obama is about to announce the new US strategy for Afghanistan .
His speech may be long awaited , but few are expecting any surprise : it seems clear he will herald a major escalation of the war .
In doing so he will be making something worse than a mistake .
It is a continuation of a war crime against the suffering people of my country .
I have said before that by installing warlords and drug traffickers in power in Kabul , the US and Nato have pushed us from the frying pan to the fire .
Now Obama is pouring fuel on these flames , and this week 's announcement of upwards of 30,000 more troops to Afghanistan will have tragic consequences .
Already this year we have seen the impact of an increase in troops occupying Afghanistan : more violence , and more civilian deaths .
My people , the poor of Afghanistan who have known only war and the domination of fundamentalism , are today squashed between two enemies : the US / Nato occupation forces on one hand and warlords and the Taliban on the other .
While we want the withdrawal of one enemy , we do n't believe it is a matter of choosing between two evils .
There is an alternative : the democratic - minded parties and intellectuals are our hope for the future of Afghanistan .
It will not be easy , but if we have a little bit of peace we will be better able to fight our own internal enemies – Afghans know what to do with our destiny .
We are not a backward people , and we are capable of fighting for democracy , human and women 's rights in Afghanistan .
In fact the only way these values will be achieved is if we struggle for them and win them ourselves .
After eight years of war , the situation is as bad as ever for ordinary Afghans , and women in particular .
The reality is that only the drug traffickers and warlords have been helped under this corrupt and illegitimate Karzai government .
Karzai's promises of reform are laughable .
His own vice - president is the notorious warlord Fahim , whom Brad Adams of Human Rights Watch describes as " one of the most notorious warlords in the country , with the blood of many Afghans on his hands " .
Transparency International reports that this regime is the second most corrupt in the world .
The UN Development Programme reports Afghanistan is second last – 181st out of 182 countries – in terms of human development .
That is why we no longer want this kind of " help " from the west .
Like many around the world , I am wondering what kind of " peace " prize can be awarded to a leader who continues the occupations of Iraq and Afghanistan , and starts a new war in Pakistan , all while supporting Israel ?
Throughout my recent tour of the US , I had the chance to meet many military families and veterans who are working to put an end to the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
They understand that it is not a case of a " bad war " and a " good war " – there is no difference , war is war .
Members of Iraq Veterans Against
War even accompanied me to meet members of Congress in Washington DC .
Together we tried to explain the terrible human cost of this war , in terms of Afghan , US and Nato lives .
Unfortunately , only a few representatives really offered their support to our struggle for peace .
While the government was not responsive , the people of the US did offer me their support .
And polls confirm that the US public wants peace , not an escalated war .
Many also want Obama to hold Bush and his administration to account for war crimes .
Everywhere I spoke , people responded strongly when I said that if Obama really wanted peace he would first of all try to prosecute Bush and have him tried before the international criminal court .
Replacing Bush 's man in the Pentagon , Robert Gates , would have been a good start – but Obama chose not to .
Unfortunately , the UK government shamefully follows the path of the US in Afghanistan .
Even though opinion polls show that more than 70 % of the population is against the war , Gordon Brown has announced the deployment of more UK troops .
It is sad that more taxpayers ' money will be wasted on this war , while Britain 's poor continue to suffer from a lack of basic services .
The UK government has also tried to silence dissent , for instance by arresting Joe Glenton , a British soldier who has refused to return to Afghanistan .
I had a chance to meet Glenton when I was in London last summer , and together we spoke out against the war .
My message to him is that , in times of great injustice , it is sometimes better to go to jail than be part of committing war crimes .
Facing a difficult choice , Glenton made a courageous decision , while Obama and Brown have chosen to follow the Bush administration .
Instead of hope and change , in foreign policy Obama is delivering more of the same .
But I still have hope because , as our history teaches , the people of Afghanistan will never accept occupation .
To calm irate customers , Paul Booth , a 53 - year - old former Dominos Pizza delivery driver , would offer free soda or breadsticks .
However , he says , going into “ customer - service mode ” was a mistake in trying to smooth things over with a Sandy City Police officer , to whom he offered a pizza after being pulled over for speeding in June 2009 .
The gesture , Booth says , was a joke , but the Sandy City Justice Court is not laughing .
The court told Booth in August it was turning the case over to the 3rd District Court in West Jordan , where he´d be charged with third - degree felony charges for attempting to bribe an officer .
Amazingly , the months Booth spent waiting for a hearing on the felony charges could have all gone away had he decided never to fight the speeding charges .
Sandy City Justice Court spokesperson Trina Duerkson says the felony charges would have been dropped had he agreed to pay the speeding charges .
Instead he chose to fight all the charges .
Booth , however , does n’t remember hearing that offer in court .
He remembers an unsympathetic response .
“ They treated me like a child molester , so I just got the fuck out of there , ” Booth says .
Booth ’s strange ride from a mundane traffic stop to facing felony charges all started when he was cited by Sandy Police Officer Mike Wekluk for going 50 mph in a 45 mph zone , traveling east along 9400 South .
Booth says he told the officer that despite the fact there was a construction sign listing the speed ahead of him as 35 mph , he was still in a 45 mph zone .
“ The officer very forcefully said , ‘ Well , you were doing 50 ! ’ ” Booth says .
This is when Booth says he told the officer : “ Hey , if you go easy on me , I can get you a pizza . ”
Booth says the officer quickly told him such a transaction would be considered a bribe .
There was something else Booth probably should n’t have told the officer writing him a ticket .
In a written statement Booth prepared for his felony hearing , he writes that “ You know , I pay your salary as a taxpayer and I do n’t appreciate the fact that all the money I ’m going to make tonight is going to Sandy City .
I hope you feel really good about that . ”
Booth says he showed up for an August 13 hearing at the Sandy City Justice Court , and only then learned that the court did n’t find any humor in his offer of a free pizza to law enforcement .
Booth says the Sandy City prosecutor told him the speeding charge was being dismissed so that the Salt Lake County District Attorney could pursue third - degree felony charges .
Trina Duerksen , a spokeswoman for the Sandy City Justice Court , says that Booth was offered the chance to have the felony charges dropped if he would plead guilty to the 50 mph in a 45 mph zone , but Booth did n’t accept the offer .
“ He wanted to press the issue , ” Duerksen says .
Booth disputes the offer was even made .
“ Nobody made an offer like that , because if they did , I would have taken it , ” he says .
Duerksen sees many of the complications of this case as relating to a classic “ he said / she said ” debate .
“ The prosecutors I talked to said he was aggressive , ” Duerksen says .
“ These things can escalate and sometimes emotions get involved , and that ’s unfortunate . ”
Still , the case was passed on to the district attorneys office , who decided to move forward with the bribery charges as well as speeding charges , this time amended to 50 in a 35 mph zone .
While a pizza - bribery charge might seem ridiculous , Duerksen says Sandy prosecutors would not have passed the case on to the district attorneys office if there was not merit to the claim .
Likewise , the district attorney could have sent it back if it was felt the evidence was lacking .
The district attorney´s spokeswoman Alicia Cook agrees that if the evidence is there , the case will get charged .
“ The statute on bribery is pretty broad , ” Cook says , adding that any offer valued at under $ 1,000 meant to influence an individual constitutes third - degree felony bribery — even a $ 12 pizza .
“ The decision is based on the investigation conducted by the police , ” Cook says .
“ We do n’t create the law .
We look at the facts and see what law applies . ”
But the evidence is exactly the thing that enrages Booth the most .
While Booth insists he made the offer as a joke the police report says that Booth offered to “ trade ” the ticket for “ a large pepperoni pizza . ”
Booth , however , is confident he never said “ trade , ” and he was counting on dashboard recordings from the officer´s car to prove him right .
The only problem is that on Oct. 15 , a public defender showed Booth the evidence submitted by Sandy police , which did not include the first part of the recodings because of a “ server error . ”
Thus , the camera failed to record the disputed account of the bribe offering .
Booth ’s next district court hearing is scheduled for the end of October .
Now that he ’s heard about the missing portion of the tape , he ’s going to fight the case .
In Washington , " healthcare reform " has degenerated into a sick joke .
At this point , only spinners who 've succumbed to their own vertigo could use the word " robust " to describe the public option in the healthcare bill that the House Democratic leadership has sent to the floor .
" A main argument was that a public plan would save people money , " the New York Times has noted .
But the insurance industry -- claiming to want a level playing field -- has gotten the Obama administration to bulldoze the plan .
" After House Democratic leaders unveiled their health care bill [ on October 29 ] , the Congressional Budget Office said the public plan would cost more than private plans and only 6 million people would sign up . "
At its best , " the public option " was a weak remedy for the disastrous ailments of the healthcare system in the United States .
But whatever virtues the public option may have offered were stripped from the bill en route to the House floor .
What remains is a Rube Goldberg contraption that will launch this country into a new phase of healthcare apartheid .
People who scrape together enough money to buy health insurance will discover that they 're riding in the back of the nation 's healthcare bus .
The most " affordable " policies will be the ones with the highest deductibles and the worst coverage .
We 're hearing that large numbers of lower - income Americans will be provided with Medicaid coverage in the next decade .
Translation :
If funding holds up , they 'll get to hang onto a bottom rung of the healthcare ladder .
Many will not be able to get the medical help they need , from primary care providers or specialists .
Not long ago , we were told that the Obama administration was aiming for a public option that could provide coverage to one out of every four Americans .
Now the figure is around one out of every fifty .
Not long ago , the idea was that taxpayer - funded subsidies were to be used only for the public option .
But now the entire concept has been hijacked by and for the private insurance industry .
As House Speaker Nancy Pelosi put it on October 8 , private insurance companies " are going to get 50 million new consumers , many of them subsidized by the taxpayers . "
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
Pelosi was making the argument that the least the insurance industry could do , in return , would be to accept a higher level of taxation .
But her comment was a telling acknowledgment that all the " public option " proposals now provide a massive funnel from the U.S. Treasury to the insurance conglomerates .
The individual mandate is a monumental giveaway to private insurance firms .
The specter of " healthcare reform " that requires individuals to stretch their personal finances for often - abysmal insurance coverage is the worst of all worlds -- government intrusion for corporate benefit without any guarantees of decent health coverage .
In effect , the individual - mandate requirement tells people that obtaining health coverage is ultimately their own responsibility -- and the quality of the coverage is beside the point .
In essence , when it comes to guaranteeing quality healthcare for all , the gist of the policy is : " Let 's not , and say we did . "
The predictable result is reinforcement of vast -- and often deadly -- inequities in access to healthcare .
With Washington making such a corporate mess of " healthcare reform , " the best way to get what we need -- healthcare for all as a human right -- will be to enact single - payer healthcare in one state after another .
But the House Democratic leadership has not been content to serve up a grimly pathetic " healthcare reform " bill .
Speaker Pelosi has used her political leverage to quash Congressman Dennis Kucinich 's amendment -- approved months ago by the Education and Labor Committee -- that would grant waivers so that states could create their own single - payer system .
Pelosi removed the Kucinich amendment from the House bill .
The California legislature has twice passed a strong single - payer bill , both times vetoed by the state 's current execrable governor .
The official position of the California Democratic Party is unequivocally in favor of single - payer healthcare .
And yet Nancy Pelosi , a California Democrat , did what she could to sabotage the single - payer position of her own party in her own state .
Sickening .
A small Scottish brewery with a taste for controversy has produced what it claims to be the world 's strongest beer , one so alcoholic it is designed to be drunk in whisky - sized nips and comes with its own resealable stopper .
The beer , which goes by the name Tactical Nuclear Penguin , has been made by a company called BrewDog in Fraserburgh , north - east Scotland .
It has an alcohol content of 32 % , roughly eight times the strength of normal beers and lagers , and will be sold at £ 30 a bottle , or £ 250 for an additional share in the company .
BrewDog says its beer , an " imperial stout " , is intended for connoisseurs .
Only 500 330 ml bottles have been produced , and it will only be sold online and at two off - licences in Edinburgh and London .
" This is completely pushing the boundaries , " said James Watt , the firm 's co-founder .
But the beer 's release immediately heightened the debate about responsible drinking , on the day that the Scottish government confirmed that it wants a legally binding minimum price for alcohol in Scotland to combat rising alcohol abuse and the surge in cut - price drink promotions by supermarkets .
To the anger of public health charities , Labour and the Tories said they would oppose the SNP 's proposals , which have been supported by Scotland 's chief medical officer , Dr Harry Burns , and the British Medical Association .
Both parties said the proposals were unworkable , penalised the responsible majority and were potentially illegal .
Jack Law , chief executive of the campaign group Alcohol Focus Scotland , said BrewDog was guilty of " childlike attention - seeking " by releasing the beer on the day the alcohol bill was published .
" The fact they have achieved a new world record is not admirable , that 's for sure , " he said .
" It is a product with a lot of alcohol in it , that 's all .
To dress it up as anything else is cynical . "
Watt said the beer 's scarcity and price made a nonsense of that allegation ; it was the major brewers and supermarkets who sold beer at 40 p a can who were truly to blame for alcohol abuse .
He insisted BrewDog did not realise its launch coincided with the SNP 's alcohol bill .
" This is about evolving the status of beer and changing people 's perceptions of it , " he said .
" It comes with a small wine stopper ; we 're encouraging people to enjoy this in the same way you would enjoy a whisky . "
Tactical Nuclear Penguin was named partly , he said , because the beer 's record alcohol content came from freezing it in a local ice cream factory .
That separated the water from the alcohol , concentrating the alcohol .
It was then matured in former whisky casks for 18 months .
The previous record - holder was a German beer , Schorschbraer , with an ABV of 31 % , Watt added .
According to market research , BrewDog may be hitting the right trend .
Drinkers are increasingly buying more expensive , stronger beers and lagers – apparently because they want to enjoy themselves more in the recession – and drinking more at home .
The market analysts AC Nielsen said bitter sales rose by 7 % in value , but only 1 % by volume , while drinkers spent 4 % more on lager but drank 1 % more than last year .
The gap between pub and home drinking is also narrowing , with pubs and clubs claiming only 56 % of Britain 's alcohol sales .
By next year , it said , more beer will be drunk at home .
BrewDog describes itself as a " craft brewery " and markets itself on its edgy , maverick reputation .
Fans who spend £ 250 on the new beer will also help fund a new £ 2.3 m " eco-friendly , carbon neutral brewery in Aberdeen " , it said .
Its website boasts that it challenges the " bland " beers made by mainstream brewers : " We are unique and individual .
A beacon of nonconformity in an increasingly monotone corporate desert .
We are proud to be an intrepid David in a desperate ocean of insipid Goliaths . "
But its release threatens to intensify a long - running feud between BrewDog and the Portman Group , the powerful industry - funded body which runs a voluntary but strict code of conduct for manufacturers and retailers on responsible marketing , which dates back to the firm 's origins .
BrewDog 's first three beers – Punk IPA , Riptide and Hop Rocker – were investigated by the group after research into irresponsible drinks promotions identified the three products as being among 32 which might breach its code of conduct .
The beers were eventually cleared but BrewDog retaliated by launching a beer with the provocative title of Speedball , named after the potentially lethal drugs cocktail of heroin and cocaine .
Speedball was duly banned by the group .
BrewDog relaunched it as Dogma .
The Portman Group believes BrewDog has form for hyping controversy , by itself publicising Portman Group investigations and attracting headlines by claiming its products were being banned .
In September , it launched a low alcohol brew , Nanny State , with an alcohol content of 1.1 % .
Watt said today BrewDog had withdrawn one of its latest products , Tokyo* , because the group had banned it .
With an alcohol content of 18.2 % , Tokyo * was unveiled in July as the UK 's strongest beer .
The Portman Group 's chief executive , David Poley , said its investigation was not complete and no such ruling had been made .
The complaint against Tokyo* , from Alcohol Focus Scotland , was not because of its strength – the code takes no position on alcohol content , he said – but its allegedly irresponsible marketing .
The labelling states : " " Everything in moderation , including moderation itself .
What logically follows is that you must , from time to time , have excess . "
Poley said the group 's complaints panel had not yet issued a ruling , but would do so next month .
For now , he said , BrewDog was free to sell Tactical Nuclear Penguin .
" We 've nothing to say about this new product : we 've had no complaints about it .
There is nothing in the code which prohibits products simply because of their strength . "
Vitamins Pharmacy Scandinavia - Providing the Solgar Products range
Welcome to our online health food supplements store where you can buy Solgar Vitamins online .
We carry one of Scandinavias widest selection of quality natural health food supplement products .
Vitamin Pharmacy Scandinavia is an authorized reseller for Stacktheme Limited providing the solgar products range .
Solgar now owned by NBTY International engages only in the production of science - based nutritional supplements and has received many rewards for their quality .
Our Solgar Shop Website home page offers products in various categories , including amino acids and proteins ; herbs ; specialty supplements , such as antioxidants , multivitamins , co-enzymes , essential fatty acids ( omega 3 / 6 ) , health food supplements , glucosamine , chondroitin , shark products , fibers , digestive enzymes , probiotics ; carotenoids , cod liver and other fish oils , and the entire range of individual vitamins and minerals supplements ( such as VM 75 , prenatal nutrients multivitamins , vitamin D3 and gentle iron ) .
All solgar nutritional supplements & herbs products can be reviewed online .
The Solgar company was founded in 1947 and has since the beginning been committed to the promotion of health and wellness .
Solgars philosophy can be summerized as : Wellness , Commitment to quality , innovation and integrity .
For three generations , Solgar has been one of the few vitamins supplement companies that actually conducts its own research , manufacturing and distribution .
Solgars product commitment to health shows in their impressive portfolio of over 480 different products who are appreciated by health conscious consumer around the world .
To buy or review the Solgar vitamins , multivitamins & other nutrition supplements you are looking for , quickly and easily , select the category of supplements products from the menu to the left or use our store search function .
Mr. Cheney ’s vigorous remarks demonstrated his determination to embrace his new role as a fiery defender of the Bush administration policies .
But some of his concerns are already reverberating within the Obama administration as officials debate whether the investigation will undercut the work of the C.I.A . or serve as a critical step toward exposing and possibly prosecuting grave acts of wrongdoing that have damaged the nation ’s standing abroad .
Officials in the C.I.A. and the Justice Department remain sharply divided about Mr. Holder ’s decision to appoint a federal prosecutor to determine if a full criminal investigation into the conduct of agency employees or contractors is needed .
On Sunday , it became clear that such concerns were also emerging among some Democrats in Congress .
Senator Dianne Feinstein , the California Democrat who is the chairwoman of the Intelligence Committee , said she remained ambivalent about the wisdom of the inquiry , which will be led by John H. Durham , a prosecutor from Connecticut who has been investigating the C.I.A. ’s destruction of interrogation videotapes .
Mrs. Feinstein said she had read the full inspector general ’s report .
“ I was horrified , so I understand the attorney general ’s reaction , ” she said .
But , speaking on “ Face the Nation ” on CBS , she warned that “ the timing of this is not very good . ”
She said that her committee was nearing completion of a bipartisan study of interrogation and detention practices and that it should have been allowed to complete its work before a decision was made about an investigation .
Senator John Kerry , the Massachusetts Democrat who leads the Foreign Relations Committee , defended the Obama administration , saying the president had been careful to balance the nation ’s national security interests with the need to investigate potential wrongdoing .
In April , Mr. Obama left open the possibility that C.I.A. officers who acted without legal authorization could still face criminal penalties , but he emphasized that those acting on the Justice Department ’s legal advice would not be prosecuted , a point Mr. Holder reiterated last week .
Video : Fractal forecasting
Beautiful prediction ( Image : Kerry Mitchell )
WE’VE all watched those vast heaps of cotton wool float across the sky .
Lofted and shaped by updrafts of warm air , cumulus clouds mesmerise with their constantly changing shape .
Some grow ever taller , while others wither and die before our eyes .
All bear witness to the ceaseless roiling of the ocean of air we call the atmosphere .
About 80 years ago , the British mathematician Lewis Fry Richardson was pondering the shapes of such clouds when a startling thought occurred to him : the laws that govern the atmosphere might actually be very simple .
Even at the time , with scientific meteorology still in its infancy , the idea seemed absurd : key equations governing the behaviour of the 5 million billion tonnes of air above us had already been identified – and they were anything but simple .
No one was more aware of this than Richardson , who is recognised as one of the founders of modern weather forecasting .
Even now , the world ’s most powerful computers are pushed to their limits extracting predictions of future weather and climate from the equations he wrestled with using pencil and paper .
Yet Richardson suspected that behind the mathematical complexity of the atmosphere lay a far simpler reality – if only we looked at it the right way .
Now an international team of researchers analysing signals from satellites , aircraft and ground - based stations have found clear evidence that Richardson ’s intuition was right and that the complexity of the atmosphere could really be an illusion .
The results point to a new view of the atmosphere as a vast collection of cascade - like processes , with large structures …
We 've got to give law professor Eric Goldman credit : the man sticks with his predictions .
On December 5 , 2005 , he made the startling claim that Wikipedia would " fail within five years . "
On December 5 , 2006 , Goldman doubled down on his prediction , saying that Wikipedia " will fail in four years . "
On December 5 , 2007 , Goldman took to his blog once more in order to give Wikipedia three more years write about eBay .
But do n't think he 's going soft on the idea of Wikipedia 's coming implosion — Goldman has taken his idea on the lecture circuit for the last few years , a particularly stirring example of which Ars covered earlier this year .
And he continues to bemoan the community 's " xenophobia " toward outsiders and newbie contributors .
All of which brings us to now , when Goldman has at last doffed his sandwich board of apocalyptic doom , exchanging it for an academic paper in which that doom is parceled out in Latinate diction and footnotes .
Called " Wikipedia 's Labor Squeeze and its Consequences , " Goldman 's paper conspicuously avoids both timelines and the charged rhetoric of " failure . "
" I found that predicting Wikipedia 's ' failure ' produced very emotional responses that overwhelmed consideration of my argument 's merits , " he noted in a blog entry last week .
" I still think my 2005 predictions look pretty good ( using my self - selected definition of ' failure ' ) , but I deliberately directed the article towards the ' why ' rather than the ' when . ' "
( Or , as he told Ars this week , " I toned down some of the most inflammatory turns of phrases . " )
But do his criticisms hold up in light of major changes being made by Wikipedia over the last few weeks ?
Article protection , and the failure of a dream
The site has recently made significant changes , including the imposition of " flagged revisions " for all articles about living persons .
The flagged revisions system means that edits to these articles do not go live until verified and signed off on by an established editor .
In addition , Wikipedia will roll out an optional feature later this year called WikiTrust .
It 's a tool that color codes the text on article pages based on the reputation of the person who made each particular edit , and it 's meant to give readers a sense of which statements are settled and which have the potential to be controversial , slanted , or just plain wrong .
But it 's Goldman 's view that these are only first steps .
Flagged revisions are a sign that Wikipedia is growing up , but it's also a move away from the original site ethos that allowed anyone in the world to edit any item in any article .
That free editability has given way over the years to various limits ( including " protection " and " semi- protection " of pages ) , thanks to repeated high - profile incidents of vandalism and inaccuracy .
As the site became popular , it was soon a magnet for both vandals and spammers .
The protection measures meant to ensure site integrity in the face of such attacks also throw up a higher barrier to entry for new Wikipedia contributors .
Most editing work on the site is already done by a small cadre of volunteer editors , but as they leave the project , it may be increasingly difficult to replace them thanks to the barriers to entry and the xenophobic bent of Wikipedia insiders .
Without offering anything to the editors who put so much time into the site beyond some very modest digital awards ( barnstars , recognition within a tiny community , etc. ) , the prospect of devoting such effort to Wikipedia may be unappealing to newcomers , especially as the excitement of " colonizing the frontier " has ended and Wikipedia turns its efforts to cleanup , maintenance , and gradual expansion .
This is the " labor squeeze " the Goldman worries about in his paper .
What 's the end game for the site , then ?
On his blog last week , Goldman went further than his paper did , suggesting that " Wikipedia eventually will deploy Flagged Revisions , or some other stringent form of editorial lock - down , across the entire site , not just for living people 's biographies ...
Substantial restrictions to user editability are Wikipedia 's only viable long - term solution to preserve site credibility . "
But the preservation of credibility this way comes at a huge cost .
First , it means that Wikipedia has failed — at least when it comes to the original utopian idea of an encyclopedia that anyone , anywhere can edit at anytime .
Those days are behind us , says Goldman ; that might not be a bad thing , but it does mean that Wikipedia 's core talent pool now needs to solve the labor problem by finding new ways to reward those who donate so much time to the site — and do a better job welcoming newcomers .
“ They said that if they did not receive payment , they would take away my kidney afterward and throw me into the river so the big lizards would eat me , ” a Honduran man who was kidnapped in Tabasco State told commission investigators .
Image A Honduran studied a map of Mexico , where foreigners are being kidnapped on their way to the United States .
Credit ...
Carlos Jasso / Associated Press
He said he had been kidnapped along with 60 or so others , all Central Americans .
The men who took them said they were coyotes , or human smugglers , and promised to feed them and help them cross into the United States .
Instead , the men forced the captives over 30 days to call relatives in the United States and extract thousands of dollars from them in order to be released .
The amounts demanded ranged from $ 1,500 to $ 10,000 , sizable sums on top of the several thousand dollars that the migrants had already paid smugglers to make the crossing .
One victim , a Honduran man kidnapped in Nuevo Laredo at the Texas border , told investigators that he was close to reaching the United States when he fell for a swindle .
Two women approached and offered him a day job for about $ 10 , money that he desperately needed .
But there was no job awaiting him at the house where he was taken .
Instead , he and a half dozen other migrants were beaten over the course of two weeks and frequently photographed .
The captors demanded the e-mail addresses of relatives and sent the desperate - looking photos in order to extract ransoms , he said .
The man said his relatives paid what the kidnappers had demanded , so he and others who had come up with the ransom money were blindfolded one evening and taken to the bank of a river .
Dumped alongside them was the body of a Salvadoran migrant whom the captors had killed .
The kidnappers fired several rounds at the ground and demanded that everyone jump into the river , the man said .
The group never made it across , though , and was later picked up by the Mexican authorities .
Human rights workers say Mexican migrants are not singled out by kidnappers as often as foreigners , mostly Central Americans , but also Ecuadoreans , Brazilians , Chileans and Peruvians .
The foreigners are more vulnerable , less familiar with their surroundings and less likely to report what happened to them to the authorities , advocates say .
OTTAWA–A moment of candour has cost Gordon Landon a shot at federal politics .
Landon was dumped Monday as the Conservative candidate for Markham - Unionville after publicly musing the GTA riding was being shut out of federal infrastructure funding because it is held by a Liberal .
The York regional councillor says he complied with a request from the Conservative party to step aside , adding he is not used to people telling him what to say and think .
The news came as Prime Minister Stephen Harper touted his government 's progress in rolling out the pro-growth stimulus money announced in the Jan. 27 budget .
In a meticulously choreographed announcement in Saint John , N.B. , Harper boasted that more than half the infrastructure projects financed by the spending plan are underway .
Last week , Landon told Citytv a National Centre for Medical Devices Development initiative was n't receiving federal funding because the Conservative government does n't hold the riding .
As a regional councillor from Markham , Landon , 61 , is used to being independent and speaking his mind , " so it 's hard for me to bow to a lot of structure and having everything approved by Ottawa , " he said .
Critics have complained that only a fraction of the thousands of infrastructure projects approved by the federal government have actually received a cheque .
Parliamentary budget officer Kevin
Page says the government is n't sharing infrastructure - spending details he needs to determine whether the almost $ 16 billion over two years is being spent .
Page said his office filed a request for specific infrastructure spending at the end of August but was stonewalled .
" We got a letter back from the deputy minister of transport and infrastructure just last week saying this is a significant data request ... and they were n't prepared to give us this data ( at this time ) , " said Page , who has been a thorn in the Harper government 's side .
Page has embarrassed the federal government by casting doubt on Ottawa 's price tag for the Afghan mission and accurately predicting the deficit would be far greater than forecast by the Conservatives .
" We are looking at where the bar has been set in other countries on openness and transparency on stimulus money and ... we will keep asking for the information so we can do our own analysis on money going out the door , " he told the Toronto Star .
Meanwhile , Landon said he stands by what he said about the lack of funding for the medical devices centre but wishes he had said it differently .
" I did n't follow Conservative policy in terms of getting permission to go on that TV show and I made a comment on that show that was an embarrassment to some members of the Conservative party . "
Landon intimated his fate was sealed when Harper was asked about his controversial comments at a news conference last week in Oakville .
While a party spokesperson declined to be interviewed , Conservative MP Paul Calandra , from the neighbouring riding of Oak Ridges - Markham , insisted Landon was not pushed .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" He made the decision to resign on his own and he made that decision based on the fact it was difficult for him to work within the confines of partisan politics , " Calandra said .
Landon said he had done " a lot of work in the riding " and thought he could have won it by defeating Liberal incumbent John McCallum .
READER COMMENTS ON
" Back in the USSA ... "
( 6 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 10/2/2009 @ 9:56 pm PT ...
At least what I see in the definition of " fraud " , it runs rampant in our Government from the top down , but it 's okay if they do it because they can redefine it at will .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 10/2/2009 @ 10:41 pm PT ...
I do n't know if USSA is the correct term , it sure fit 's in a tweet though !
Maybe a Constitutional Republic which has a Constitution which has been whittled down by fascist corruption who symbolically recognizes the Constitution , but actually in practice does what ever is convenient for the means to have a end .
It 's funny , just tonight I boasted , " I 'll never vote for a Democrat or Republican again . "
Then reality hit me again , our vote is hacked , how am I going to do that exactly ?
One way to ensure that the whole family gets to the church on time .
( submitted by Kessa )
" Mathematica® Programming - an advanced introduction " is a moderately paced practical tutorial for Mathematica programming language
« previous post | next post »
The comments on my post " The inherent ambiguity of WTF " drifted to other possible expansions of WTF , like the World Taekwondo Federation .
That reminded me of something I saw back in July on the blog Your Logo Makes Me Barf , mocking the abbreviatory logo of the Wisconsin Tourism Federation .
The ridicule got some attention from local Wisconsin media , such as Kathy Flanigan of the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel :
Folks at the Wisconsin Tourism Federation could n't possibly have seen how the Internet would change the lingo when it was established in 1979 .
But now that it 's been pointed out , the lobbying coalition might want to rethink using an acronym in the logo .
To anyone online , WTF has a different meaning these days .
And it's not the kind of thing you want visitors thinking about when they think Wisconsin .
I decided to check out the tourism board 's website , and lo and behold , they 've bowed to pressure and changed their name to the Tourism Federation of Wisconsin .
The old logo lives on , however , at the Internet Archive .
Compare :
The transition is n't quite complete yet .
The URL is still witourismfederation.org , and " WTF " survives in the menu directly below the logo on the home page !
Permalink
by | |
The Obama Administration has replaced the ground - based missile defense architecture in Europe with a series of theater missile defenses centered on the Aegis system .
I think this makes a lot of sense , as regular readers know , on both technical and political grounds .
SECDEF Bob Gates and General Cartwright , Vice - Chairman of the Joint Chiefs , gave a detailed briefing on the technical rationale for the shift to theater defenses :
Since [ 2006 ] , two important developments have prompted a reassessment of our approach in Europe .
First , a change in our intelligence community ’s 2006 view of the Iranian threat :
The intelligence community now assesses that the threat from Iran ’s short - and medium - range ballistic missiles , such as the Shahab - 3 , is developing more rapidly than previously projected .
This poses an increased and more immediate threat to our forces on the European continent , as well as to our allies .
On the other hand , our intelligence assessment also now assesses that the threat of potential Iranian intercontinental ballistic missile capabilities has been slower to develop than was estimated in 2006 .
The second development relates to our technology .
Over the last few years , we have made great strides with missile defense , particularly in our ability to counter short - and - medium - range missiles .
We now have proven capabilities to intercept these ballistic missiles with land - and - sea - based interceptors supported by much - improved sensors .
These capabilities offer a variety of options to detect , track and shoot down enemy missiles .
This allows us to deploy a distributive sensor network rather than a single fixed site , like the kind slated for the Czech Republic , enabling greater survivability and adaptability .
We have also improved the Standard Missile 3 , the SM - 3 , which has had eight successful flight tests since 2007 .
These tests have amply demonstrated the SM - 3 ’s capability and have given us greater confidence in the system and its future .
Based on these two factors , we have now the opportunity to deploy new sensors and interceptors , in northern and southern Europe , that near - term can provide missile defense coverage against more immediate threats from Iran or others .
In the initial stage , we will deploy Aegis ships equipped with SM - 3 interceptors , which provide the flexibility to move interceptors from one region to another if needed .
The second phase , about 2015 , will involve fielding upgraded , land - based SM - 3 s .
Consultations have begun with allies , starting with Poland and the Czech Republic , about hosting a land - based version of the SM - 3 and other components of the system .
Basing some interceptors on land will provide additional coverage and save costs compared to a purely sea - based approach .
A lot of “ smart ” people around town will adopt casual cynicism of saying this decision is really about Russia .
Do n’t believe them .
Gates described the decision as “ driven … almost exclusively by the changed intelligence assessment and the enhanced technology . ”
Those who would say the decision was about Russia have it backwards — for exhibits A and B check the quotes in stories by WaPo ’s Michael D. Shear and Ann Scott Tyson and the NYT ’s Peter Baker and Nicholas Kulish .
The Bush Administration placed a midcourse interceptor site and X - band radar within the former Warsaw Pact precisely to make a political point to the Russia , not because it provided the best defense .
Aegis was always a better technical option .
Once the White House was no longer motivated to be churlish toward Moscow , that allowed technical considerations at the front of the debate .
The fact that this may also open up a world of possibilities with Moscow ( and I stress may ) is nice , but is not the reason to put theater missile defenses into Europe .
The reason is to give NATO allies a defense that works against a threat that exists .
What the Obama team has done is to take Russia out of the equation , not to put it in .
As regular readers know , I ’ve long thought the Aegis - based architecture represented a much better solution to defending NATO allies against Iranian ballistic missiles .
( See : How Many Aegis Ships To Defend NATO ?
June 12 , 2007 and 4 Aegis Ships to Defend NATO July 16 , 2008 ) .
Aegis is “ probably the one well - run missile defense program ” in the US arsenal .
Nice to see I am not alone .
Guess How Many Ships ?
One little detail — the new architecture includes 2 or 3 Aegis ships in theater .
Here is what Gates said :
But on a day - in , day - out basis , we ’re looking probably for what we would call a 2.0 presence , maybe a 3.0 presence , so three ships at any given time in and around the Mediterranean and the North Sea , et cetera , to protect areas of interest , and then we would surge additional ships .
And part of what ’s in the budget is to get us a sufficient number of ships to allow us to have a global deployment of this capability on a constant basis , with a surge capacity to any one theater at a time .
Some of you may recall that General Obering tried to claim that 40 ships would be required , as a way of making more attractive the interceptor in Poland .
I found that , um , hard to believe :
[ MDA Director General Trey ]
Obering was obviously aware of the proposal , because his prepared statement included a long dismissal of the mobile systems that asserted the Navy would need 40 Aegis ships to defend Europe : [ snip ]
When I read this , I thought 40 ?
As in FOUR ZERO ?
Is this like the biblical 40 ?
As in “ We do n’t know how many , because we only have eyes for ground - based midcourse ” ?
The Aegis defended area or footprint is supposed to be much , much bigger than Obering ’s remarks would suggest .
I suggested that 4 was a more reasonable number than 40 .
MDA later admitted that 4 and even 2 were plausible numbers .
Now , here we are with a planned architecture of 2 - 3 ships ( and some supplemental coverage ) .
No wonder some people found Obering to be less than forthright .
And , nice to see that those burnout velocity estimates were n’t so far off .
On November 20 , New York Times writer Colin Moynihan broke the news headlining : “ Radical Lawyer Convicted of Aiding Terrorist Is Jailed . ”
Then he said :
Defiant to the end as she embraced supporters outside the federal courthouse in Lower Manhattan , Lynne F. Stewart , the radical lawyer known for defending unpopular clients , surrendered on Thursday to begin serving her 28 - month sentence for assisting terrorism .
Fact check :
Stewart did what all attorneys should , but few , in fact , do — observe the American Bar Association ’s Model Rules saying all lawyers are obligated to : “ devote professional time and resources and use civic influence to ensure equal access to our system of justice for all those who because of economic or social barriers cannot afford or secure adequate legal counsel . ”
Also to practice law ethically , morally and responsibly to assure everyone is afforded due process and judicial fairness in American courts .
Sadly and disturbingly , Stewart was denied what she did for others heroically , unselfishly , and proudly .
More on that below .
Stewart ( prison number 53504-054 ) is now jailed at :
MCC-NY
150 Park Row
New York , NY 10007
Betrayed by American Justice
For 30 years , Stewart worked heroically to defend America ’s poor , underprivileged , and unwanted , never afforded due process and judicial fairness without an advocate like her .
Where others would n’t go , she defended controversial figures like David Gilbert of the Weather Underground , Richard Williams of the United Freedom Front , Sekou Odinga and Nasser Ahmed of the Black Liberation Army , and many more like them .
She knew the risk , but did it fearlessly and courageously until bogusly indicted on April 9 , 2002 for :
conspiring to defraud the United States ;
conspiring to provide and conceal material support to terrorist activity ;
providing and concealing material support to terrorist activity ; and
two counts of making false statements .
She was also accused of violating US Bureau of Prisons Special Administrative Measures ( SAMs ) that included a gag order on her client , Sheik Abdel Rahman .
When imposed , they prohibit discussion on topics the Justice Department ( DOJ ) rules outside of “ legal representation , ” so lawyers ca n’t discuss them with clients , thus inhibiting their defense .
At former US Attorney General Ramzy Clark ’s request , she joined him as part of Rahman ’s court - appointed defense team .
In his 1995 show trial , he was convicted and is now serving a life sentence for seditious conspiracy , solicitation of murder , solicitation of an attack on American military installations , conspiracy to murder , and conspiracy to bomb in connection with the 1993 World Trade Center attack despite evidence proving his innocence on all charges .
The DOJ ’s case was n’t about alleged crimes .
It reflected his affiliations and anti-western views .
Rahman was connected to the Egyptian - based Al - Gamaa al - Islamiyya — a 1997 US State Department - designated “ foreign terrorist organization . ”
In the 1980s , however , he helped the CIA recruit Mujahadeen fighters against the Soviets in Afghanistan .
For his work , he got a US visa , green card , and State Department - CIA protection as long as he was valued .
When no longer , he was targeted along with Stewart .
Her case was precedent - setting , chilling , and according to the Center of Constitutional Rights Michael Ratner : sent “ a message to lawyers who represent alleged terrorists that it ’s dangerous to do so . ”
Her attorney , Michael Tigar , called it : “ an attack on a gallant , charismatic and effective fighter for justice ( with ) at least three fundamental faults :
( it ) attack ( ed ) the First Amendment right of free speech , free press and petition ;
the right to effective assistance of counsel ( by ) chill ( ing ) the defense ; ( and )
the ‘ evidence ’ in this case was gathered by wholesale invasion of private conversations , private - attorney - client meetings , faxes , letters and e-mails ; I have never seen such an abuse of government power . ”
Her 2004 - 2005 show trial was a mockery of justice with echoes of the worst McCarthy - like tactics .
Inflammatory terrorist images were displayed in court to prejudice the jury , and prosecutors vilified Stewart as a traitor with “ radical ” political views .
In addition , days before the verdict , the militant pro-Israeli Jewish Defense Organization put up flyers near the courthouse displaying her address .
It threatened to “ drive her out of her home and out of the state , ” and said she “ needs to be put out of business legally and effectively . ”
It was part of the orchestrated scheme inside and outside the courtroom to heighten fear , convict Stewart , and intimidate other lawyers to expect the same treatment if they dare represent unpopular clients effectively .
On February 10 , 2005 ( after a seven month trial and 13 days of deliberation ) she was convicted on all five counts .
Under New
York state law , she was automatically disbarred , and the state Supreme Court ’s Appellate Division denied her petition to resign voluntarily .
On October 17 , 2006 , she was sentenced to 28 months imprisonment , but remained free on bond pending appeal before the US Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit .
Stewart Ordered to Prison
The Justice for Lynne Stewart web site announced the news .
On November 17 , the Appeals Court revoked her bond , upheld the verdict , ordered her surrender forthwith , but stayed it until November 19 at 5 PM to let her attorney file a motion for reconsideration .
It was denied , so she must report to federal marshals as directed .
A November 19 conversation with Lynne and her husband Ralph confirmed it .
The situation remains fluid , dire , and complicated by Stewart ’s battle with breast cancer .
She has surgery scheduled for December 7 , unlikely now , but if done in prison or where authorities direct , it wo n’t be the quality she deserves .
In its ruling , the three judge panel ( John Walker , Guido Calebresi and Robert Sack ) was firm , hostile and belligerent in upholding the lower court ’s conviction .
Judge Sack accused Stewart of lying and called for a longer sentence .
“ We think that whether ( she ) lied under oath at her trial is directly relevant to whether her sentence was appropriate , ” he wrote , and directed District Court Judge John Koeltl to re-sentence her “ so as to reflect that finding . ”
Judge Walker was even harsher , calling the original sentence “ breathtakingly low . ” Judge Calabrese said : “ I am at a loss for any rationale upon this record that could reasonably justify a sentence of 28 months ’ imprisonment for this defendant . ”
They all said Stewart was “ convicted principally with respect to ( her violating ) measures by which ( she ) had agreed to abide , ” namely SAMs .
They rejected her “ argument that , as a lawyer , she was not bound by ( them ) , and her belated argument collaterally attacking their constitutionality . ”
They also :
affirm ( ed her conviction ) of providing and concealing material support to the conspiracy to murder persons in a foreign country ( and ) of conspiring to provide and conceal such support … .
We conclude that the charges were valid ( and ) the evidence was sufficient to sustain the convictions .
We also reject Stewart ’s claims that her purported attempt to serve as a ‘ zealous advocate ’ for her client provides her with immunity from the convictions … .
Finally , we affirm Stewart ’s convictions for knowingly and willfully making false statements … when she affirmed that she intended to , and would , abide by the SAMs .
In light of her repeated and flagrant violation of ( them ) , a reasonable factfinder could conclude that ( her ) representations that she intended to and would abide by the SAMs were knowingly false when made .
We reject the remaining challenges to the convictions .
( We ) affirm the district court ’s rejection of Stewart ’s claim that she was selectively prosecuted on account of her gender or political beliefs … .
We therefore affirm the convictions in their entirety .
They redirected her case to District Court Judge Koeltl for re-sentencing .
The DOJ wants 30 years .
Koeltl originally imposed 28 months , let Stewart remain free on bond pending appeal , implied his decision might be overturned because of a gross miscarriage of justice , effectively rebuked the Bush administration at the time , and handed it a major defeat .
Her fate is now in his hands , but justice has already been denied at a time we ’re all as vulnerable as she if we dare resist state policies , unchanged under an administration no different from its predecessor .
In a November 17 news conference , Stewart said :
“ I ’m too old to cry , but it hurts too much not to . ”
In criticizing the Court ’s decision , she said its timing “ on the eve of the arrival of the tortured men from offshore prison in Guantanamo ” suggests that lawyers appointed to represent them may face the same fate as she .
“ If you ’re going to lawyer for these people , you ’d better toe very close to the line that the government has set out ( because they ’ll ) be watching you every inch of the way , ( so those who do n’t ) will end up like Lynne Stewart .
This is a case that is bigger than just me personally ( but she added that she ’ll ) go on fighting . ”
So will her lawyer , Joshua Dratel , who said he ’ll pursue it “ as far and as long as we can , ” including a possible Supreme Court review .
The Obama US attorney ’s office was silent , effectively affirming a gross injustice at a time the due process and judicial fairness thresholds are so low that all Americans risk the same fate as Lynne .
Chicagoist Grills : Rick Bayless on Mastering Twitter
By Chuck Sudo in Food on Sep 8 , 2009 3:20 PM
Rick Bayless has consistently been in the news in recent weeks .
First , there was his winning Top Chef Masters and earning a $ 100,000 check to his Frontera Farmer Foundation .
After two years of planning , today Bayless opens XOCO ( 449 N. Clark St. ) .
Inspired by the legendary Churreria El Moro in Mexico City , XOCO is Bayless 's tribute to Mexican street food : tortas , hearty soups , churros and chocolate .
Anticipation among food media and foodies , not to mention the pared down , simple menu , has primed XOCO to be the Publican of 2009 .
What we 've found most fascinating about Bayless lately has been his mastery of the social media messaging service Twitter .
From the premiere of " Top Chef Masters " onward , Bayless 's Twitter feed has become indispensable reading .
In the maximum 140 characters that Twitter allows users to post updates Bayless has shattered any barriers between himself and fans , posting photos and videos of trips to Mexico ; updates on XOCO 's opening ; goings - on with Frontera Grill and Topobolampo ; interacting with other users ; answering questions about the Frontera Kitchens empire and family ; and re-tweeting posts he finds fascinating .
In the past week alone Bayless has used Twitter to offer rousing endorsements of Wicker Park 's Taxim , sixteen at the Trump International Hotel and Tower , and Terzo Piano in the Art Institute 's Modern Wing .
Where other chefs have used Twitter  and other forms of social media  to update readers on specific dishes or offer rote updates of their lives outside the kitchen , Bayless has embraced Twitter as a way to get people to know him .
We had a chance to speak with Bayless last week and ask him a few questions .
Chicagoist : How did you : A ) Come to discover Twitter and B ) did you ever expect to become so adept at using it ?
Rick Bayless : A friend of mine in California suggested it to me .
I was looking at ways to connect with fans of the restaurants and promote Top Chef Masters and I liked the idea of brief updates , having a finite amount of characters to work with .
What also appealed to me is that I can so it directly from my phone and it barely takes any time at all to post an update .
C : What do your PR people think of the way you 've dived into the world of social media ?
It seems almost as though you 're doing their job for them .
RB : Well , all of our PR is done in - house , so there was really no discussion other than to do it .
C : Did you look at other social media such as Facebook , Posterous or Myspace ?
RB : I did look at Facebook ; my wife and daughter are on it .
It looked like it something that would just consume me if I dove in .
I had to convince my assistant that this would work .
C : When did you realize that it was becoming more than just a promotional tool ?
RB : I never wanted to use Twitter solely as a marketing tool .
90 percent of my business is behind closed doors and I wanted to use this as a means of making fans of the restaurants vested members of the Frontera family .
It 's hard to do that within the context of , say , a public appearance or a book signing .
I want to hear what people have to say , be able to have a conversation with them , and create a forum for discussion .
C : And you 're sharing more than just what 's happening behind the scenes with your restaurants .
You 're forwarding other people 's updates via your feed and taking the time to answer questions from seemingly everyone .
RB : It 's easy to do within the context of that 140 character limit .
I probably spend no more 15 minutes a day on Twitter .
Again , it 's a great way for fans to get a glimpse into our world and it's a community that 's immediate .
I can drop off it for a few days and catch right back up in no time .
C : How did the idea for the haiku contest for the Top Chef Masters finale viewing party at Frontera come about ( Ed. Note : Benjy was one of the contest winners and attended the viewing party  CS ) ?
RB : It was something that made total sense to me to do and we got a lot of very creative submissions .
It was a lot of fun do do that contest and very fun to read the submissions .
C : You also were working on a blog to promote Top Chef Masters at the same time you started up with Twitter .
What 's going to happen with the blog ?
RB : I intended to use the blog as a means of giving people a look behind the scenes at Top Chef Masters , discussing what you did n't see on the screen .
C : How much time did that take ?
RB : During the show 's run I probably spent a couple of hours a day updating the blog and reading comments and emails .
I was bound and determined to read each one , which is another reason I like Twitter .
It 's easier to answer ( fans ' ) questions .
C : Do you have an internal censor that keeps you from posting too much information ?
RB : I like being able to post what 's on my mind , like photos from my backyard garden , those impromptu videos of the open- air markets in Mexico , or the irony of finding a Paula Deen cookbook at an airport bookstore in New York filed under " Health and Nutrition . "
The videos , in particular , were a lot of fun and very different from when we 're shooting the tv show .
For the tv show I 'll be rehearsing my script and doing retakes .
With these shorter videos I just point , shoot and feel free to speak .
C : Have other chefs taken notice of what you 're doing with Twitter and asked for advice ?
RB : Some have .
Mainly they just tell me they do n't know how I can do it .
they seem to think that they can't find the time to do something like this , connect with the people who come to their restaurants .
C : Are there other chefs on Twitter you consider required reading ?
RB : I 've read other chefs ' feeds but what they 're posting could be written by a PR rep .
" We 're serving this at the restaurant today . "
I get bored reading that ; it just winds up being self - serving .
C : With XOCO opening , what future plans do you have regarding your Twitter feed ?
RB : I 'm going to keep on with it .
The readers are the people who 've supported what we 've done and I do n't need to sell them on anything .
I think they'd be savvy enough to recognize if I tried .
Dogs with cancer in the US are now entitled to receive experimental drugs – before the drugs are available for humans .
Twelve trials are under way on groups of 15 to 60 dogs , and in several of them cancers have disappeared .
“ We ’ve had dramatic remissions in dogs with really aggressive cancers , ” says Chand Khanna , head of the Comparative Oncology Trials Consortium newly formed in Bethesda , Maryland , by the US National Cancer Institute .
“ We ’ve also had responses allowing dogs to have their original cancers surgically removed , ” he says .
Forget mice and rats
The rationale is that unlike mice and rats , which are kept in a highly regimented experimental setting , pet dogs experience cancer in a similar way to humans .
As in people , cancers in dogs spread to form secondaries and can become resistant to drugs , and the animals can have relapses .
Not only that , but dogs suffer from cancers as variable as those affecting humans , so treating them gives us a much better idea of what would happen in a cross-section of humans than we could gain from lab studies of mice .
Advertisement
The consortium consists of 19 veterinary schools , and there are plans to extend it to Europe .
Owners can opt for conventional drugs or experimental ones , including some that are untested in humans and others that are already undergoing trials , but that need additional animal data – for example on dosing – before they can proceed to the next stage .
As well as looking after their sick dog , owners can help gather data for the researchers .
“ They ’re given notebooks so that they can complete assessments of quality of life , appetite , demeanour and perhaps even collect some specimens , ” says Khanna .
Sensitive area
Because owners carry on caring for the dogs , and because the hope is that pet dogs will get better as a result of the treatment , the approach also challenges claims by antivivisectionists that all experimentation on animals is wrong .
“ I understand their sensitivities , and we ’ve had informed discussions with individuals , and some do see the value of helping dogs with cancer in this way , ” says Khanna .
“ This raises serious concerns with respect to what the dogs may have to endure , ” says Nedim Buyukmihci , a vet consultant to the British Union for the Abolition of Vivisection .
Every dog matters
Khanna says , however , that the top priority for every dog is their well - being .
“ It ’s important that the trials are designed with the care of the animals as priority , and also that there ’s an informed consent process each time , ” he says .
Cancer researchers in Europe are watching closely to see whether to join the consortium .
“ Studying dogs , with their owners ’ consent and following ethical guidelines , after they have naturally developed cancer , is an interesting approach to learning more about the disease , ” says Joanna Owens , communications manager at the Cancer Research UK charity in London .
“ We look forward to following the progress of this initiative and the findings that come out of their research . ”
Journal reference : PLoS Medicine , DOI : 10.1371/journal.pmed.1000162 ( in press )
AFP
AT LAST Barack Obama seems to be starting to make up his mind .
After months of agonising , he is apparently close to announcing that he will after all send a decent number of American reinforcements to Afghanistan ( see article ) .
Meanwhile , having barely mentioned climate change since his inauguration , he has now told the world that he is going to the international summit in Copenhagen — and with a provisional promise that the world 's greatest polluter will cut emissions .
Bold stuff .
But both Afghanistan and Copenhagen can also be cited as evidence of a weakness that runs through his foreign policy .
It looks to many as if he has dithered , not deliberated .
On Afghanistan , far from being clever , his faint - hearted attempt to talk round Congress , manage his squabbling officials and twist the arm of Hamid Karzai , the vote - rigging Afghan president , has arguably accomplished little except hand the initiative to the enemy : his generals have an uphill struggle .
On climate change , the rush to Copenhagen , with no bill in sight in Congress , has an air of desperation .
This goes to the heart of the debate about Mr Obama 's diplomacy .
Which will he be , clever or weak ?
Does this president have a strategy , backed if necessary by force , to reorder the world ?
Or is he merely a presidential version of Alden Pyle , Graham Greene 's idealistic , clever Quiet American who wants to change the world , but underestimates how bad the world is — and ends up causing harm ?
Short - sighters v long - gamers
The doubters argue that , however decent and articulate , Mr Obama is gaining a reputation as someone who can be pushed around .
This month , after the president pandered to China by refusing to meet the Dalai Lama , China pushed for more by banning questions at his Beijing press conference with Hu Jintao , its president .
When Mr Obama demanded that Israel stop all work on its settlements in the occupied territories , Binyamin Netanyahu , its prime minister , defied him and still , staggeringly , won praise from Hillary Clinton .
Each time , the doubters say , Mr Obama 's delicate overtures are met with ambiguity or contempt .
Since he engaged Iran , it has continued to temporise and dissimulate over its nuclear programme .
When Mr Obama abandoned a missile - defence system in Europe , he appeared to extract a pledge from Russia 's president , Dmitry Medvedev , that his country would support sanctions if Iran is recalcitrant — only for Vladimir Putin , the prime minister , repeatedly to say he sees no need .
Although America has pledged $ 7.5 billion in aid to Pakistan over five years , the army seems reluctant to take on the Taliban who drift from northern Pakistan into Afghanistan — indeed , the conditions riding on the grant were spun by the Pakistani security services into an American “ insult ” ( see article ) .
Yes , Mr Karzai eventually buckled in Kabul , but his readiness to thumb his nose at the world superpower was humiliating .
The “ clever ” camp retort that diplomacy is not about instant gratification .
Mr Obama has pulled off the urgent tasks of starting to withdraw troops from Iraq and resetting America 's dysfunctional relations with Russia .
He has boosted the G20 as a new global forum .
This week Israel announced a partial settlement freeze .
With health - care reform under his belt , he will soon be able to turn to world affairs with his status enhanced .
Besides , you could hardly accuse Mr Obama of timidity .
In three speeches in Prague , Cairo and Accra , he set out a new foreign policy that rejects the Manichean view of his predecessor .
He means to negotiate deep cuts in nuclear weapons , make peace between Arabs and Jews , engage Iran , heal the climate and establish America as the strongest and most upright pole of a multipolar world .
Yes , this work lies ahead , but how much can you ask in a year of war and recession ?
It is a fair point , but as the months drag on , the “ weak ” case has been gaining the upper hand .
Mr Obama has yet to show he has the staying power to take on a dangerous , stubborn and occasionally bad world .
Even allowing for Israel 's shift this week , the president has hardly lived up to his promise to work for Middle East peace “ with all the patience and dedication that the task requires ” .
With one big exception , he has not yet shown that he can back his oratory with a stick — and that was a tariff on Chinese tyres , a weak sop to America 's unions .
Calm and conciliatory pragmatism is welcome after George Bush 's impetuous moral certitude , but it also carries risks .
Critics on the American right are wrong to carp at Mr Obama 's bowing to kings and emperors .
Simple courtesy will help restore America 's image , not diminish it .
The trouble is that the president often seems kinder to America 's rivals than to its friends .
His guest this week , Manmohan Singh , India 's prime minister , may well have moaned about Mr Obama 's kid - glove handling of China .
Allies in eastern Europe , their soldiers dying in Afghanistan , resent being called mere “ partners ” , Mr Obama 's term for pretty much anyone ( see article ) .
The hapless Gordon Brown has got precious little thanks .
And how exactly will Mr Obama 's quiet multilateral vision , in which each nation does its bit for the good of all , work in practice ?
He is right that American power is circumscribed .
But the European Union is not fit to help him police the world ( see article ) .
China , India and Russia are not willing .
“ God save us always from the innocent and the good ”
That leaves Mr Obama with a burden to shoulder on his own .
In the coming weeks he could prove the doubters wrong .
He could lead the way towards a brave deal on the climate .
He could press Iran to negotiate over its nuclear programme before his own end - of - year deadline — or secure Russian backing for sanctions .
He could agree to cut nuclear arms with Russia .
He could bully the Palestinians and Mr Netanyahu to agree to talk .
And he could get Mr Karzai and Pakistan to show that they mean to make Afghanistan governable .
Even part of that list would set up Mr Obama as a foreign - policy president .
But if there is no progress , then Mr Obama will be cast as starry - eyed and weak .
He himself recognised the danger of that in one of those golden speeches : “ Rules must be binding .
Violations must be punished .
Words must mean something . ”
( Natural News )
The news is out : Vitamin D is better than the swine flu vaccine at halting H1N1 infections .
In fact , without vitamin D , chances are that a vaccine wo n't generate much of an immune response in the first place .
That 's because vitamin D is essential for healthy , active immune function .
That 's just one of the reasons smart people are choosing vitamin D instead of the swine flu vaccine .
Here are nineteen more reasons : #1 Vitamin D activates your immune system to respond toviral exposure ( not just one virus ) .
#2 Vitamin D naturally belongs in your body .
#3 Vitamin D has been functioning as medicine in the human body since the beginning of the human species .
#4 Vitamin D is available right now and there 's no shortage of it .
#5 Vitamin D wo n't cause your brain to swell and put you into a coma .
#6 Vitamin D does n't require an injection with a scary needle .
#7 Vitamin D is found naturally in many foods such as sardines or salmon .
#8 Vitamin D has a perfect safety record .
No one ever died from consuming it .
#9 Vitamin D is affordable .
You can even get it for free ( from sunlight ) .
#10 Vitamin D does n't contain viral fragments from diseased animals ( like vaccines often do ) .
#11 Vitamin D does n't contain thimerosal or other chemical preservatives .
#12 Vitamin D does n't need a warning sheet describing possible side effects .
#13 Vitamin D does n't hurt your arm when you take it .
# 14 Vitamin D also improves sugar metabolism , bone density and healthy moods .
#15 Vitamin D is safe for the environment .
#16 Vitamin D does n't contain squalene or other inflammatory adjuvant chemicals .
#17 Vitamin D works on everyone and is safe for everyone , including infants and children .
#18 Vitamin D is made in nature , not a laboratory .
#19 Vitamin D is found naturally in breast milk .#20 You can walk , and chew gum , and generate vitamin D from sunshine all at the same time !
Skip the vaccine .
And here 's a little limerick I wrote about the swine flu vaccine that you might enjoy :
Welcome to the Lake county family law lawyers of Schlesinger & Strauss , LLC .
Gary Schlesinger and Michael Strauss are experienced trial lawyers , certified family law mediators , and AV - rated * attorneys , which is the highest rating reflecting both legal ability and professional ethical standards awarded by Martindale - Hubbell ’s National Law Directory .
Help With Legal Issues During Covid -19 Restrictions
The recent Corona Virus restrictions may exacerbate or cause legal problems .
We know that legal problems and issues do not stop when people have to stay at home and courts are closed .
We know that there are issues that arise concerning payment of support , receipt of support , transporting children from one parent to the other , sale of assets , dividing retirement accounts , among others .
We know that there are people who are not yet our clients who may be involved in some of the above issues or may be contemplating divorce or separation , or seeking advice on how to modify support payments , or how to enforce those payments being made , or enforce parenting issues .
Regardless into which category you are , we are available for help and advice .
All four of our lawyers are working from home .
We have access to our office server to retrieve papers we need to advise you .
We have contact with other lawyers to work rationally with them to attempt to solve issues that arise even though the courts are closed .
Court in Lake County is open for emergencies but those are narrowly defined .
The proclamation of Governor Pritzker to stay home exempts travel to transport children to obey a custody court order .
See paragraph 14e of his executive order .
If you have questions , contact us through this web site .
We will get back to you .
We can do phone meetings , Facetime or Skype .
We all care about helping with your family law issues .
Please follow the executive order of the Governor , stay inside and stay safe .
~ Gary Schlesinger & Michael Strauss .
Got Court ?
No worries just Zoom in !
Libertyville : Waukegan Divorce Attorneys
Our Lake county family law practice is devoted entirely to representing and protecting the rights of children , individuals , and families in a full range of family law matters .
We handle divorce , complex high asset divorce , legal separation , adoption , paternity , mediation , alimony , child support , child custody ( parenting time and responsibility ) , visitation , and domestic violence .
Mr. Schlesinger and Mr. Strauss serve as child ’s representatives in challenging custody , juvenile court , and adoption matters .
They also act as local counsel for spouses and parents who live outside of Illinois and need an Illinois family law attorney to represent their interests in a custody or divorce matter .
We invite you to contact our Lake County family law firm to find out if we may be able to help you address and resolve your family law issue .
We will promptly respond to your inquiries and provide the information you need to make a conscientious and responsible decision in selecting an attorney .
Contact Lake County Illinois Family Law Attorneys Today
For effective and experienced representation in a family law matter in Lake County , Illinois and the North suburban Chicago area , please call or e-mail our Libertyville family law divorce attorneys .
The number of new swine flu cases has risen by almost 50 % in the past week , government figures showed today , although the level remains below that seen at the peak of the virus 's spread in the summer .
There were an estimated 78,000 new cases of swine flu in England in the past week , up from 53,000 in the week before – which in turn was double the number in the previous week , meaning the rate of increase has declined .
The weekly tally is also still below the 100,000 weekly cases at the peak of swine flu in July .
There are currently 751 people in hospital with the virus , of whom 157 are in intensive care .
The number of swine flu deaths in England now stands at 97 .
While the number of cases in the summer outbreak declined steeply , there was a widespread presumption that the H1N1 virus would again spread rapidly with the onset of winter , when seasonal flu outbreaks tend to peak .
During the lull , plans were rushed through for a mass vaccination programme against swine flu , which was launched eight days ago , targeting 11 million priority patients and frontline health workers in its initial phase .
The US president , Barack Obama , last week declared a national emergency in America over swine flu , although health officials described this as mainly a precautionary measure .
MONROEVILLE , Pa. --
They say the mall is dead , but for one night each fall , the mall here is decidedly undead .
Hundreds of pale - faced zombie wannabes gather here to lurch and stumble through the mall that served as the setting for George Romero 's 1978 horror classic " Dawn of the Dead . "
The zombies wear dazed looks and blood - splattered clothes as they limp past stores like Abercrombie & Fitch and Victoria 's Secret .
The hungry ones bellow for brains .
Dozens ...
One of the things you can do for yourself is to learn how to market yourself .
Even a Certified Nursing Assistant ( CNA ) needs to have some career development skills and understand how to interact with people in order to get a job .
Developing career skills that can help you land the job — and then keep it — are an essential part of finding success .
If you are looking for free and effective help with your career development , here are 25 open courseware classes that can help you improve the chances that you will get a job :
Nursing
Brush up on your knowledge of nursing , and learn to understand some of the issues facing nurses today .
This knowledge could help you better sell yourself as a knowledgeable and capable CNA .
Health Assessment and Promotion :
This course from UMass Boston can help you learn how to provide health assessment services and better understand the nursing process .
Focuses on assessing the health of patients across the lifespan .
Caring in Hospitals : Learn about the type of care offered by different hospitals from The Open University .
Get a better look at the different roles played by those who work in hospitals , and learn how you can integrate yourself .
Medical Terminology : The College of Eastern Utah provides you with a working knowledge of the different terms that are used in medicine , and helps you understand their use .
Valuable if you want to showcase your knowledge of the medical profession .
The Human Body :
This open courseware collection from Harvard University ’s medical school provides a helpful look at how the human body is put together , and provides you with basic knowledge of anatomy .
Health :
Yale ’s open courseware collection offers you a chance to address health issues and understand the workings of diseases , epidemics and public health concerns .
Communication
One of the most important things you can do as a CNA is to be able to communicate effectively .
But before you get the job , you have to be able to show your interviewer your communication skills .
Enhance your ability to communicate your ideas and present yourself with a little help from some open courseware .
Business Communications in the Age of Spin :
While it may seem pointless to learn about business communications , the fact of the matter is that a CNA needs to understand how business works — since the medical profession includes business .
What is Good Writing ? :
Showcasing your “ soft skills ” can make you more attractive .
Learn to write well and express yourself with the written word .
Dynamic Leadership : Improvisation in Business :
This course from MIT can help you learn how to improvise smoothly and enhance your leadership skills — which can be helpful if you plan to advance in your career .
Language and Communication : Foundations : Western Governors University offers a course in the fundamentals of language and communication .
Time Management and Productivity
As a CNA , you need to learn how to manage your time .
You can get a better job , and do better at your current job , if you learn a little bit about time management and about increasing your productivity .
Time Management Exercise :
This helpful and informative course from Notre Dame provides you with insight into how you can better manage your time and use your time more efficiently .
Time Management :
This presentation can help you learn more about better time management .
Crisis Management and Emergency Preparedness : Harvard can help you get a grip on what needs to happen during an emergency , and how you can perform better during a crisis situation .
Strategic view of performance : Learn about management strategy and improving productivity .
Having this knowledge can help you position yourself as you search for a job as a CNA .
Behavior
Understanding human behavior can not only help you as a CNA , but it can also provide you with insight into how you can do better in your interview , and what you need to do in order to behave in such a way as to connect with others .
Establishing Relationships with Other Professionals : Networking , and the relationships you develop with others , can be a big part of whether or not you can find a job .
This course can help you learn how to connect with others .
Emotional Intelligence : Learn about being better connected to others on an emotional level .
Recognize other emotions , and learn to adjust your own responses accordingly .
Making decisions :
The decision making process is an important part of life — and your career .
This course can help you become more adept at decision making and display your skills to others .
Eight Leader Behaviors That Increase Motivation , Morale , and Performance … And One That Wo n’t :
This course is aimed at helping you develop better leader behaviors .
Develop these , and your interviewers will notice a difference .
People
Learn about how to connect and interact with others .
Your people skills can make a big difference in whether or not you get a job .
Giving and Receiving Feedback : Understanding how to give and receive effective and helpful feedback is important .
And you may even have to do it in an interview !
Managing Relationships :
While this course focuses mainly on fundraising , it is also helpful from the standpoint that knowing how to manage resources and relationships is an important skill to have .
New Media Literacies :
This course helps you learn how to utilize new media .
Learn how to use social media and networking to reach out to others online and find a job .
Power Play : Learn about the important dynamics of power in work settings , and learn how to use them to your advantage .
Ethics
Get a good foundation in ethics and questions of “ right ” behavior .
This can be helpful when answering questions from interviewers and letting others know that you are well - versed in appropriate behavior .
The Hollowing Out of American Federalism
[ An excellent and instructive article .
Ice ]
by Lawrence A. Hunter Ph.D.
What Is The Federal System Of Government ?
Many people mistakenly equate “ Federalism ” with decentralization .
A federal system is certainly a decentralized system but it is also much more .
The defining characteristics of federalism are :
( i) Two constitutionally established , concurrent orders or levels of government , one consisting of fundamental units of governance ( called “ states ” ) , the other consisting of a national government encompassing all the people who live in the states ;
( ii ) The sovereign people cede limited and specific powers to the national government , reserving respectively to their states the remainder of the powers they choose to delegate to government ;
( iii ) Each governing order or level of government is autonomous , free of the other to act within its own realm , the only exception being that acts of the national government are supreme to those of the states when those acts come into conflict in areas where both governments ’ delegated authority overlap / intersect ; and
( iv ) The governments at each level are accountable to their respective electorates and in certain instances to each other as provided for in the constitution .
Before the term “ states ’ rights ” became contaminated by its identification with the efforts of some states to perpetuate slavery and later racial segregation , “ states ’ rights ” concisely described the states ’ legal and political autonomy although the term always constituted a shorthand reference to states ’ constitutional and political autonomy vis-à - vis the national government as opposed to natural rights , which only individuals possess .
What Was The Purpose Of The Federal System Of Government ?
To protect the rights of individuals .
The Founding Fathers distrusted power in the hands of any level of government , state or national .
As Thomas Jefferson ’s biographer Dumas Malone pointed out , Jefferson never supported states ’ rights for their own sake , “ but to safeguard the freedom of individuals , ” which he , along with the rest of the Founding Generation believed would suffer in a consolidated nation no matter how decentralized the administration of the consolidated government happened to be .
Hence , in drafting the Kentucky Resolves for instance ( see here and here ) , Jefferson identified the states as the primary depositories of power and the proper entities of resistance against an encroaching national government .
Although the Founding Fathers well understood that the federal form of government was no absolute bar against either state or national tyranny , they believed it to be a practical check on the national government ( especially when combined with constitutional separation of powers ) and at the same time a guarantee that safe havens would always exist to which people could flee from an oppressive state government .
William Watkins , Jr. puts it this way : “ Though some states might abuse power , Jefferson reasoned that not all would fall under the spell of tyranny .
But with a consolidated and abusive national government , all would suffer the same tyranny ; there would be no islands of peace . ”
( See The Kentucky and Virginia Resolutions
How Was The Integrity Of The Federal System Of Government To Be Preserved ?
Of all people , even the great Federalist consolidator and centralizer Alexander Hamilton understood the delicate balance in the basic architecture of the U.S. Constitution .
According to Hamilton in Federalist # 28 , it is an “ axiom in our political system that the state governments will in all possible contingencies afford complete security against invasions of the public liberty by the national authority . ”
Hamilton went on to postulate that should the national government pose a danger , the states could “ at once adopt a regular plan of opposition , in which they can combine all the resources of the community .
They can readily communicate with each other in the different states ; and unite their common forces for the protection of their common liberty . ”
In other words , the primary means of defense against a grasping and encroaching national government was to be truculent state governments that took action singly and in concert to actively defy national government actions they considered to be in violation of the Constitution .
In a federal system , no government or branch of government was to be the judge of its own cause .
( As John Taylor wrote much later , “ a jurisdiction limited by its own will is an unlimited jurisdiction . ” )
The boundaries and limits of governmental authority were to be hammered out through a perpetual struggle among the separate branches of government and between the states and the national government .
Watkins again succinctly states Jefferson ’s and Madison ’s understanding of how the boundaries of authority in a federal system were to be delineated :
“ Jefferson proclaimed in the [ Kentucky ] resolution that ‘ each party [ to the federal compact ] has an equal right to judge for itself , as well of infractions as of the mode and measures of redress . ’
For Jefferson , the people acting through their states — the authentic organs of government — were the final arbiters of constitutional interpretation .
Jefferson feared that giving the federal government the exclusive power to interpret the Constitution through the Supreme Court would lead to arbitrary government . ”
Please read the rest of this excellent article HERE
Asian demand for Australia 's minerals helped it survive the downturn Australia has raised its main interest rate for the second month in a row , to 3.5 % from 3.25 % .
The move by its central bank was not unexpected as the Australian economy was the only one in the developed world to expand in the first half of 2009 .
In fact , Australia managed to avoid recession , only seeing its economy contract in the last quarter of 2008 .
And the release of the lowest inflation figures in 10 years last week added to expectations of a modest rate rise .
Australia has spent heavily on schemes including cash handouts for pensioners and for low and middle - income families , and a number of infrastructure projects .
This helped the economy to grow 0.4 % in the first quarter of this year , and by 0.6 % in the second , rebounding from the 0.5 % contraction between October and December 2008 .
' Gradual move ' Reserve Bank of Australia governor Glenn Stevens said in a statement explaining the rate rise that inflation " will probably not fall as far as earlier thought " and " will probably rise somewhat over the coming year " .
" With the risk of serious economic contraction in Australia now having passed , the board view is that it is prudent to lessen gradually the degree of monetary stimulus that was in place when the outlook appeared to be much weaker , " he added .
Australia has survived the downturn thanks to the government stimulus spending and strong demand from China for its commodities .
Mr Stevens also pointed out that economic " prospects for Australia 's Asian trading partners appear to be noticeably better " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A money manager friend showed me an interesting research report by Frederick J. Sheehan titled “ Dark Vision : The Coming Collapse of the Municipal Bond Market .
This is a product of weedenco.com and available only to subscribers , but I will summarize it here .
Sheehan starts off by noting that a lack of panic by the ratings and government agencies does not indicate health for a financial market .
He cites the fact that the Fed did not anticipate how bad the subprime collapse was likely to be and obviously the Moody ’s and Standard and Poor ’s ratings were ridiculous .
Sheehan notes that “ spending is rising and revenue is collapsing ” for all levels of government .
Pension fund losses will require governments to double their contributions to pension plans ( see my blog posting on public employee pensions ) .
Spending is rising , e.g. , in New York City from an average of $ 65,401 in compensation per public employee in 2000 to $ 106,743 in 2009 .
The number of full - time employees in NYC grew as well , despite falling school enrollment .
The number of state and local government workers grew from 4 million in 1955 to 20 million in 2008 ( 5 x growth , against less than 2X growth in U.S. population ) .
Those workers receive an average of 43 percent more pay and benefits than a private sector worker .
Municipalities dealt with the separation between taxes and expenses by borrowing .
In the mid-1990s , states and cities were retiring as much debt as they were incurring .
During the 2000s , though , they borrowed about $ 150 billion per year in aggregate , peaking at $ 215 billion in 2007 by which time $ 2.7 trillion in debt was outstanding , more than two years ’ worth of tax receipts .
Barring some sort of miraculous boom in the economy and pension fund investment returns , state and local governments are headed for insolvency and default .
This means that valuing a municipal bond becomes a matter for a legal expert rather than an accountant .
Even for the legal expert , it is apparently tough to predict what will happen .
Let ’s start with the Wikipedia article on Chapter 9 bankruptcy : “ Previous to the creation of Chapter 9 bankruptcy the only remedy when a municipality was unable to pay its creditors was for the creditors to pursue an action of mandamus , and compel the municipality to raise taxes .
During the Great Depression this approach proved impossible so in 1934 the Bankruptcy Act was amended to extend to municipalities . ”
Without bankruptcy protection , a city that could n’t pay bondholders would be forced to raise taxes until it could .
This happened to West Palm Beach , Florida in the Depression and property tax rates rose to 42.5 percent of assessed value .
Potentially bondholders might demand that the city hand over real estate to satisfy its debts .
With bankruptcy protection , it is unclear what happens .
Vallejo , California went bankrupt 18 months ago and their obligations have not yet been resolved ( story ) .
If courts allow municipalities to walk away from debt they ’ll have every incentive to declare bankruptcy and start afresh .
There are no shareholders in a municipality to wipe out and therefore the only negative consequence of a bankruptcy filing would possibly be having to pay higher interest rates for future borrowing .
If on the other hand , governments are not allowed to walk away from many of their obligations , they will simply run out of cash .
Are bondholders senior to pension obligations or not ?
It may be up to the individual judge .
This is “ uncharted territory for investors ” as my money manager put it ( he does not buy U.S. muni bonds ) .
Municipal bonds are still perceived as almost risk - free by most investors and consequently offer a low yield , according to Sheehan .
He points out that if the municipalities do n’t default , the investor gets only a slightly better return than in Treasuries .
Why take the risk if you ’re not getting paid for it ?
This ends my summary of Sheehan ’s report .
My own opinion is that the main lesson of subprime is that an investor cannot rely on the ratings agencies or the government to protect his or her interests .
The never - employed guy in Cleveland with the house in a crummy neighborhood and no down payment ?
The risk that he would never make a payment should have been apparent to any investor who dug underneath the asset - backed security .
Similarly , an investor in muni bonds can look at the municipality .
Does the state have a shrinking population , high public employee salaries , and a big pension obligation overhang from when the population was larger ?
They probably will eventually default .
And if an insurance company was dumb enough to insure the bonds , they ’ll probably be bankrupt too .
http://www.taxfoundation.org/research/show/268.html gives a table of per-capita debt in each state and also the ratio of that debt to GDP .
Massachusetts comes in at # 1 , with more than $ 10,000 of debt for each citizen and 20 percent of GDP .
Each Texan owes about $ 1,000 , by contrast , or 2 percent of GDP .
The difference in yield between a Massachusetts bond and a Texas bond is probably not large enough to compensate for the increased risk of Massachusetts defaulting .
This LA Times article contrasts California ’s spending versus Texas’s .
[ Separately , this table should be looked at whenever you ’re reading about an economist who says that the U.S. should borrow and spend more on “ stimulus ” .
They ’ll tell you that we can afford to borrow another 20 percent of GDP , citing the current federal debt - to - GDP ratio .
What they do n’t tell you is that your state and local government may already have borrowed an additional 20 percent of GDP ! ]
The most serious weakness in the article is that Sheehan does not identify the mostly likely candidates to default .
Surely Greenwich , Connecticut , whose residents were recently showered with billions of dollars in federally - funded bonus payments , is not going to have trouble repaying obligations incurred when investment bank salaries were much lower .
But what about the Rust Belt ?
There must be cities whose factories have closed , residents have moved on , yet whose bond obligations remain .
If so , let ’s have the names !
If not , how bad can the “ crisis ” really be ?
More : A discussion of Sheehan ’s report is available at the Daily Kos .
For those concerned about global warming , all eyes are on December 's UN climate change conference in Copenhagen .
The stakes could not be higher .
Almost every new report shows that the climate is changing even faster than the most dire projections of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) in their 2007 report .
Yet from my vantage point , internationally negotiated climate agreements are fast becoming obsolete for two reasons .
First , since no government wants to concede too much compared with other governments , the negotiated goals for cutting carbon emissions will almost certainly be minimalist , not remotely approaching the bold cuts that are needed .
And second , since it takes years to negotiate and ratify these agreements , we may simply run out of time .
This is not to say that we should not participate in the negotiations and work hard to get the best possible result .
But we should not rely on these agreements to save civilisation .
Saving civilisation is going to require an enormous effort to cut carbon emissions .
The good news is that we can do this with current technologies , which I detail in my book , Plan B 4.0 : Mobilizing to Save Civilization .
Plan B aims to stabilise climate , stabilise population , eradicate poverty , and restore the economy 's natural support systems .
It prescribes a worldwide cut in net carbon emissions of 80 % by 2020 , thus keeping atmospheric CO2 concentrations from exceeding 400 parts per million ( ppm ) in an attempt to hold temperature rise to a minimum .
The eventual plan would be to return concentrations to 350 ppm , as agreed by the top US climate scientist at Nasa , James Hansen , and Rajendra Pachauri , head of the IPCC .
In setting this goal we did not ask what would be politically popular , but rather what it would take to have a decent shot at saving the Greenland ice sheet and at least the larger glaciers in the mountains of Asia .
By default , this is a question of food security for us all .
Fortunately for us , renewable energy is expanding at a rate and on a scale that we could not have imagined even a year ago .
In the United States , a powerful grassroots movement opposing new coal - fired power plants has led to a de facto moratorium on their construction .
This movement was not directly concerned with international negotiations .
At no point did the leaders of this movement say that they wanted to ban new coal - fired power plants only if Europe does , if China does , or if the rest of the world does .
They moved ahead unilaterally knowing that if the United States does not quickly cut carbon emissions , the world will be in trouble .
For clean and abundant wind power , the US state of Texas ( long the country 's leading oil producer ) now has 8,000MW of wind generating capacity in operation , 1,000 MW under construction , and a huge amount in development that together will give it more than 50,000MWof wind generating capacity ( think 50 coal - fired power plants ) .
This will more than satisfy the residential needs of the state 's 24 million people .
And though many are quick to point a finger at China for building a new coal - fired power plant every week or so , it is working on six wind farm mega- complexes with a total generating capacity of 105,000 megawatts .
This is in addition to the many average - sized wind farms already in operation and under construction .
Solar is now the fastest growing source of energy .
A consortium of European corporations and investment banks has announced a proposal to develop a massive amount of solar thermal generating capacity in north Africa , much of it for export to Europe .
In total , it could economically supply half of Europe 's electricity .
We could cite many more examples .
The main point is that the energy transition from fossil fuels to renewables is moving much faster than most people realise , and it can be accelerated .
The challenge is how to do it quickly .
The answer is a wartime mobilisation , not unlike the US effort on the country 's entry into the second world war , when it restructured its industrial economy not in a matter of decades or years , but in a matter of months .
We do n't know exactly how much time remains for such an effort , but we do know that time is running out .
Nature is the timekeeper but we can not see the clock .
• Lester R Brown is president of Earth Policy Institute and author of Plan B 4.0 : Mobilizing to Save Civilization .
People walk past a Citibank branch in the Financial District in San Francisco , California October 6 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Robert Galbraith
( Reuters ) - Banks in the United States are poised to make $ 38.5 billion in customer overdraft fees this year , the Financial Times said , citing research by Moebs Services .
A large portion of the revenue is likely to come from the most financially stretched consumers , according to the paper .
It said the research showed that many banks have increased charges on overdrafts and credit cards in order to boost profits .
The median bank overdraft fee rose this year by one dollar to $ 26 , the paper said , citing the Moebs data .
“ Banks are returning to a fee - driven model and overdraft fees are the mother lode , ” Mike Moebs , the company ’s founder was quoted by the paper as saying .
Overdraft fees accounted for more than 75 percent of service fees charged on customer deposits , the paper cited Moebs as saying .
Last year the U.S. Federal Reserve approved credit card rules to curb “ unfair ” practices such as surprise fees and interest rate hikes , and new mortgage lending rules are expected this summer .
It is also mulling rules to give bank customers the chance to opt out of overdraft schemes that can involve fees .
6 double dip warning signs View photos
The recovery from the Great Recession has likely started .
But many economists are worried about falling into another downturn .
Here 's what has them concerned .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Economic growth was weaker in the third quarter than originally reported , according to government data released Tuesday .
The gross domestic product , the broadest measure of the nation 's economic activity , rose at an annual rate of 2.8 % in the three months ending in September , according to the Commerce Department 's first revision of the reading .
The initial reading of the report a month ago came in with a 3.5 % growth rate .
The decline in the growth rate was expected , in large part because of a recent report showing a growing gap between the nation 's imports and exports .
Importing goods from other countries is a drag on domestic U.S. growth .
Less spending , less investment , fewer cars :
The GDP report had other downward revisions too .
Specifically , it contained lower estimates for spending by both consumers and by businesses , and also less investment in both homes and nonresidential buildings .
In addition , there was less of a boost than initially thought from the sale and production of autos and the rebuilding of inventories .
During the depths of the recession , businesses slashed inventories , and rebuilding them would contribute to GDP .
" It 's unusual to have almost all the revisions go in the same direction , " said economist Bob Brusca of FAO Economics .
" Growth of 2.8 % certainly sounds different to the ear than 3.5 % growth .
But you 've still got growth , you 're still turning the corner . "
The recession may be over -- but not officially :
The third quarter snapped a streak of four straight quarters during which the nation suffered the most severe economic decline since the Great Depression .
And there is widespread consensus among economists that the recession likely ended at some point this past summer .
The report does not mark the official end of the recession , though .
That determination will be made by the National Bureau of Economic Research , likely sometime in 2010 once all the various economic readings have had their final revisions .
There has been growing concern in recent weeks about whether the economy will continue to post solid growth , or whether the country is at risk of again starting to decline -- a situation known as a " double dip . "
Even many of those who think that a double dip will be avoided question how strong the recovery will be .
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke said in a speech last week that the economy is facing headwinds that will stop growth " from being as robust as we would hope . "
Higher GDP does n't mean more jobs :
Top economists recently surveyed by the National Association of Business Economics forecast GDP growth of 3 % in the fourth quarter and a 3.2 % rise in economic activity over the course of 2010 .
But they have pushed back their estimates for when economy will start adding jobs again until the second quarter of next year .
The nation 's unemployment rate hit 10.2 % in October .
( See : " Are things really getting better ? " )
Stewart Rhodes
Oath Keepers
October 9 , 2009
The above photo was submitted by an active duty Oath Keeper in Mosul Iraq , sporting an Oath Keepers tab .
As his other tab and patch make clear , he is also a “ Three Percenter . ” ( see below )
The photo was also posted over at the Sipsey Street Irregulars blog with this message :
Just thought the WRSA [ Western Rifle Shooters Association ] and the Sipsey Street boys might like to see what we are wearing while over here in Iraq .
We . . . know what the deal is , and when the time comes ( which it will ) , we know where we stand and continue to make preparations for it .
Keep up the good work !
Regards from Mosul , K7C
All I can say to that is Hooah !
Thank you for your service , K7C , and for stepping up .
Give our best regards to your brothers in arms , and let them know we have your six back home .
If any of you need anything at all , from socks to helmets , to body armor , just ask and it will be provided .
We need you to stay safe and come home healthy .
Oath Keepers here stateside , let your brothers on active duty in Iraq know how you feel .
They do come here to read comments , count on that .
Note that the tab in the photo is not the same tab we sell here on our site ( which is more of a police style tab ) .
We are having military ACU style tabs with velcro made up , but they are not yet finished .
That means the troops are having their own Oath Keeper tabs made up !
And no , we did not put them up to it .
They are doing this on their own initiative .
So take heart !
The message of the oath and its obligations is spreading , and the Guardians of the Republic are listening and responding .
And every time you act to spread the message , by whatever means , you cannot know what impact you will have , or how far it will reach .
That ’s why it ’s so crucial that we each do what we can to reach , teach , and inspire as many active duty as possible about their obligation to defend the Constitution and their duty to refuse unlawful orders that would violate the rights of their fellow Americans .
Upcoming Outreach Effort to Put Tabs , DVD’s , and OK Handbooks in the Hands of Active Duty
[ efoods ]
Coincidentally , the tabs those troops are wearing are almost exactly like the tabs we are having made for our upcoming care package initiative , which will put an Oath Keeper tab , DVD , Oath Keepers handbook , copy of the Declaration of Independence and Constitution , and other outreach materials , into the hands of active duty deployed worldwide .
We plan on launching that effort on Veteran ’s Day , November 11 and continuing right on through Bill of Rights Day , December 15 , with the goal of delivering all the care packages by Christmas .
Now imagine what that will be like !
Tens of thousands of our troops reached with the message and a tab .
I will post more details very soon .
What ’s a Three Percenter ?
Now , seeing the other tab and patch in the photo , you may ask “ what is a three percenter ? ”
The narrowest definition is that three percenters are hard - line gun owners who are done backing up and will not comply with more infringements of their right to bear arms .
A broader definition would be that they are hard - line Americans who are done backing up and will not comply with further infringement of any of their rights .
It also alludes to the three percent of the colonists who took to the field against the King during the Revolution , and the estimation that at least three percent of modern Americans will actively fight , if it comes to it , to preserve liberty .
Read this essay for more explanation .
Oath Keepers and Three Percenters are separate groups , but it is not a surprise to see people who consider themselves both an Oath Keeper and a Three Percenter .
If you read the supplied links you will see why .
While we Oath Keepers have a specialized mission of outreach to current serving , focused on the oath and on refusing to obey unlawful orders , there ’s lots of common ground and shared commitment to the Republic among both groups .
Go here to read what the Sipsey Street blog has to say about that .
Oath Keepers , expect to see more of these tabs popping up soon , even before we begin our care package initiative .
You are making a real difference .
Keep up the good work !
For the Republic ,
Stewart Rhodes
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Google Inc. is switching its servers to run on Advanced Micro Devices Inc. chips instead of those made by Intel Corp. , according to a Morgan Stanley report .
Google , which has more than 200,000 servers , has started to buy Advanced Micro ’s Opteron processors with almost all new purchases , Morgan Stanley analyst Mark Edelstone said .
He raised his earnings estimates for Sunnyvale , Calif . - based Advanced Micro .
“ Most of Google ’s near - term server purchases will use AMD ’s Opteron for the first time , ” Edelstone said .
Google “ will help AMD to enjoy a significant sequential increase in their server business in the first quarter . ”
Winning Google as a customer may help Advanced Micro beat analysts ’ estimates this quarter , San Francisco - based Edelstone wrote .
Advertisement
The switch may also come as a blow to Intel Chief Executive Paul Otellini , who sits on Google ’s board .
Advanced Micro , the No. 2 maker of computer processors behind Intel , last quarter took more than 20 % of the market for the first time in more than four years .
Edelstone raised his estimate for Advanced Micro ’s first - quarter profit to 33 cents a share from 31 cents .
He raised his 2006 estimate by 10 cents to $ 1.70 a share .
Shares of Advanced Micro rose $ 1.40 to $ 40.07 .
Google spokeswoman Sonya Boralv said she was n’t able to comment on the Morgan Stanley report .
