By Robert Tracinski - October 19 , 2009
Remember the whole controversy over " death panels " - the idea , as President Obama dismissively put it , that greater government control over medicine would cause bureaucrats to " pull the plug on grandma " ?
Well , for weeks now Britain 's newspapers have been filled with articles about the National Health Service pulling the plug on grandma .
The latest is the story of a woman who had to fight her doctors for weeks after they withdrew care from her 80 - year - old mother .
According to the London Times :
Hazel Fenton , from East Sussex , is alive nine months after medics ruled she had only days to live , withdrew her antibiotics , and denied her artificial feeding .
The former school matron had been placed on a controversial care plan intended to ease the last days of dying patients .
Doctors say Fenton is an example of patients who have been condemned to death on the Liverpool care pathway plan .
They argue that while it is suitable for patients who do have only days to live , it is being used more widely in the NHS , denying treatment to elderly patients who are not dying .
Fenton 's daughter describes the NHS system for dealing with very ill elderly patients as " a subterfuge for legalized euthanasia of the elderly . "
In other words , a death panel .
This is just the latest story .
For some time , British newspapers are always filled with reports about the failures of the National Health Service , but the barrage has intensified in recent months .
A sampling :
From the Daily Mail , October 13 : " A grandfather who beat cancer was wrongly told the disease had returned and left to die at a hospice which pioneered a controversial ' death pathway . '
Doctors said there was nothing more they could do for 76 - year - old Jack Jones , and his family claim he was denied food , water , and medication except painkillers .
He died within two weeks .
But tests after his death found that his cancer had not come back and he was in fact suffering from pneumonia brought on by a chest infection . "
From the same day 's Daily Telegraph : " At around 4 am on Monday , a friend of mine was woken by a call from the private care home in south - west London where her 98 - year - old grandmother is resident ....
' She needs to go to hospital .
Do you want that ?
Or would you prefer that we make her comfortable ? '
Befuddled by sleep , she did n't immediately grasp what was being asked of her ....
Then , the chilling implication of the phone call filtered through - she was being asked whether her grandmother should be allowed to die ....
My friend is reeling ....
Had she really been asked to pronounce a possible death sentence on her grandmother , a woman with no underlying ailment other than old age ? "
Most of the recent British stories concern the Liverpool Care Pathway , an NHS - approved system in which doctors are encouraged to withdraw medical support for patients they deem too infirm to live .
But in early September , a group of doctors sent a letter to the Daily Telegraph arguing that " the scheme is causing a ' national crisis ' in patient care ....
' Forecasting death is an inexact science , ' they say .
Patients are being diagnosed as being close to death ' without regard to the fact that the diagnosis could be wrong . ' "
Dr. Peter Hargreaves says , " What they are trying to do is stop people being overtreated as they are dying .
It is a very laudable idea .
But the concern is that it is tick box medicine that stops people thinking . "
For an especially infuriating example of this " tick - box medicine " - which is not just applied to the old - see a heart - breaking report in the September 10 edition of the Daily Mail :
Doctors left a premature baby to die because he was born two days too early , his devastated mother claimed yesterday .
Sarah Capewell begged them to save her tiny son , who was born just 21 weeks and five days into her pregnancy - almost four months early .
They ignored her pleas and allegedly told her they were following national guidelines that babies born before 22 weeks should not be given medical treatment .
Miss Capewell , 23 , said doctors refused to even see her son Jayden , who lived for almost two hours without any medical support .
She was shocked to discover that another child , born in the US at 21 weeks and six days into her mother 's pregnancy , had survived .
Amillia Taylor was born in Florida in 2006 and celebrated her second birthday last October .
She is the youngest premature baby to survive .
I understand that extremely premature babies have very low survival rates and a high risk of serious medical complications .
But the decision about whether or how much to treat an infant should be made by the parents in consultation with their doctors - not according to the orders of some faceless medical board .
Yet that 's what happens when your doctor is reduced to just another bureaucrat ticking off boxes on government paperwork .
This is how an alleged " right " to government - provided health care leads to the denial of care .
As government health - care budgets inevitably spiral out of control , hospitals find themselves with insufficient resources , so a centralized health - care bureaucracy tries to control costs by making sure patients are granted or denied care according to predetermined rules drafted by a medical rationing board .
Britain has one , the National Institutes for Health and Clinical Excellence , known by the Orwellian acronym NICE -- and President Obama wants to create a similar board in the US to provide " guidance " about which treatments are " cost- effective " and should be allowed .
In such a system , the patient has little or no control precisely because he is not the one paying the bills , so no one has to listen to him .
That 's what happens when people surrender their actual right to health - care , the right to contract for it privately with doctors and insurance companies , in exchange for an illusory " right " to whatever care the government chooses to provide - or withhold .
The British press may be roiled by this story , but you wo n't read about any of this in American newspapers .
Hence , the current health - care debate has taken on a dramatic irony worthy of a great work of fiction .
Just as America is debating whether to give the government a dominant role in health care , Britain is agonizing over the horrific consequences of just such a government - controlled system .
But no one in America knows about this , because our press wants to pretend it does n't exist .
In a good thriller , the protagonists would learn the real story just in time to save themselves from disaster .
Perhaps Americans will find out what is happening in Britain in time to stop ObamaCare .
But in a tragedy , knowledge of the future we can expect under government control would arrive too late , after we have already signed over our lives to the state .
The story is n't written yet , so the outcome is still our choice .
Back when it released in 2008 , Resistance 2 , the sequel to the PS3 launch title , Resistance : Fall of Man , received a slew of positive and negative comments .
The title did quite well , surpassing it ’s predecessor on Metacritic , receiving an 87 .
However , a core group of fans have been repeatedly complaining about the title , calling it a downgrade from the first one .
James Stevenson of Insomniac recently talked about this issue , and the fans ultimate disappointment .
“ Resistance 2 got better reviews than Resistance 1 , ” said Stevenson .
“ But the long term fan feedback from that game weighed on me .
“ The hardcore fans of Resistance 1 were maybe a little bit disappointed .
Those folks consistently expressing that – especially GAF [ NeoGaf ] - it was like your dog turned on you .
“ That ’s the feeling of it .
You had this dog that loved you .
You loved the dog , too , but they expressed all this affection for you .
And then suddenly the dog bites your hand and it ’s that feeling of , ooh , ow , that really hurts . ”
Stevenson then went on to talk about the critics reaction to the game , and how that varied from the fans .
“ The critics loved Resistance 2 .
Some people did n’t like it , but for the most part …
And the Metacritic ’s higher than Resistance 1 .
So we got better reviews than Resistance 1 , but the overall opinion of it is that it was a failure by fans , that Resistance 2 was a failure , because maybe the expectations were so high for it .
“ But that weights on you more .
We talk to journalists a lot but we deal with our fans every day – and when they are disappointed …
Reviewers are playing lots of games .
They ’re supposed to be critical .
“ But the people who put their money down on our game , want to see our game be good and want to invest months of their time into our game , spend months of their time leading up to our game watching videos , reading about it , sending us questions , listening to our podcasts , investing hours and hours and being excited for our game , if they ’re disappointed then it hurts more than some reviewer being pissy about a game and giving it a seven , well , okay , whatever .
I can move on from that .
I can ignore that .
But fans that are genuinely disappointed are a lot harder to cope with . ”
PSLS gave Resistance 2 a 4/5 , with Joseph Peterson praising the co-op mode of the game , however noticing the lack of campaign split - screen .
[ Source ]
Last week , Northwest Flight 188 blew past its destination by over 100 miles and did n't respond to air traffic control for 75 minutes , prompting panic .
Most guessed the pilots fell asleep .
Now , it appears they were messing around on laptops .
Advertisement
It 's come out of interviews with the NTSB that the still - suspended pilots now claim the mishap happened while they were on their laptops , talking about their work schedules .
It was n't until a flight attendant called up the pilots 5 minutes before their scheduled landing time to ask about about an ETA that they realized how far off - course they were .
While the WSJ says pulling out a laptop is not unheard of , it 's against Delta 's company policy , according to their latest statement about the incident .
That must 've been some conversation — the only thing I can think of on a computer that would prompt a conversation that long would be boobs or baby - back rib recipes .
And only one of those is worth making a flight over an hour late .
[ WSJ via TBI ]
If it was n’t for Carl Reiner ’s older brother Charlie , “ Your Show of Shows ” would have been missing one of its funniest regulars , there would be no “ 2,000 Year - Old Man ” routines with Mel Brooks , and no classic sitcom series “ The Dick Van Dyke Show . ”
Seventy - one years ago , Reiner was working for $ 10 a week as a shipping clerk in the garment industry in New York .
“ When I graduated from high school , I graduated with a 73 average , ” explains Reiner on a recent afternoon in his homey two - story place in Beverly Hills , settling into a favorite pastime : telling an amusing anecdote .
“ You needed an 80 to get into college , so I went to work . ”
He had graduated early from high school because he had skipped a grade when he was young .
“ It ’s the worst thing you can do for a young kid , to skip a whole year , ” Reiner says .
“ I missed the first day of algebra and never found out what ‘ X ’ was .
So I was feeling dumb for the rest of high school . ”
Advertisement
After working as a shipping clerk , he took over his brother ’s job helping to fix machines for the millinery trade .
“ I went down to $ 8 a week , and I worked for more than a year there . ”
One day , Charlie read in the New York Daily News about a free dramatic workshop in New York sponsored by the Works Progress Administration and told his baby brother to give it a try .
“ He always knew I was funny , ” says Reiner .
“ I had acted in the third grade and the principal sat next to my mother and she said to her , ‘ He ’s the best one . ’
I could always make friends laugh . ”
So Reiner worked during the day and at night he would travel from his home in the Bronx to acting class in Manhattan .
After six months , he got a job acting at the old Gilmore Theater on 64th Street off Central Park .
“ We got no money , ” says Reiner .
“ Six days a week we did plays like ‘ The Bishop Misbehaves ’ and ‘ The Family Upstairs . ’ ”
Advertisement
Twenty years later , he wrote about theater in his semi-autobiographical novel “ Enter Laughing , ” about a young man trying to break into theater .
Reiner even had to buy a tux and tails for his role in “ The Bishop . ”
But he had to borrow the $ 10 for the outfit .
“ My mother kept those tails , ” Reiner says .
“ When Alan Arkin did ‘ Enter Laughing ’ on Broadway , he used those tails .
They did n’t fit him , which made it funnier . ”
Ironically , Reiner did n’t do comedy in his earlier days .
He recalls the old English woman who taught him acting at the WPA classes .
Advertisement
“ The only thing I remember her saying is , ‘ Your assignment is to learn Queen Gertrude ’s speech from ‘ Hamlet . ’ ”
Reiner breaks into a comic British accent and recites the entire , and quite lengthy , speech .
He ’s astonished when he is letter - perfect .
“ I swear to God , I have never said that whole thing in 70 years , ” he proclaims .
“ I remember the first three lines .
I ’m glad to know that I can do it at 87 . ”
Besides his brother Charlie , Reiner admits that a visit to the restroom at the Gilmore Theater also changed his career .
After a performance , Reiner decided to use the restroom in the main area of the theater .
A man standing next to him commented on his performance .
“ ‘ You were very good in the play , ’ ” Reiner recalled .
“ ‘ Would you like to go to summer theater ? ’
If I had n’t gone to that urinal , my career might not have started .
It was the Rochester Summer Theater .
I went there for two years , nothing per week but room and board .
But my father used to send me a dollar for a haircut . ”
Advertisement
He finally got to do some comedy before he went into the service when he worked at the Allaben Acres resorts in the Adirondacks in 1942 .
“ I was the straight man for the comedian , and doing sketches too .
I also handled the game nights and the jazz concerts . ”
That is also where he met his wife of 65 years , Estelle , who died last year at age 94 .
“ She was an assistant scenic designer there .
We spent the whole summer together , then I went on to the Army and we married while I was in the Army in Washington , D.C .
Advertisement
Reiner looks at the massively large TV screen in the living room .
“ I put that in , but my wife never got to see it , ” he says wistfully .
“ The last year of her life , she did n’t come down .
She was upstairs in bed .
I bought this for movies .
I was n’t going out during that year . ”
Now he and Brooks , whose wife , Anne Bancroft , died four years ago , watch movies on DVD on that TV every night .
But he ’s far from retired .
Reiner is still acting -- he was on the season finale of “ House ” in May and is looking forward to a guest shot on CBS ’
“ Two and a Half Men . ”
He is also constantly writing and has two new books out , “ Tell Me Another Scary Story . . . But Not Too Scary ! ” for kids and what he describes as a “ novellelah ” called “ Just Desserts . ”
Advertisement
In the latter , he reprises the character of romance novelist Nat Noland , whom he introduced in his 2006 book “ NNNNN : A Novel . ”
In this comedic tale , Nat , a Jewish atheist , decides to create an e-mail address to the Almighty and send God a list of ideas of punishments , or “ just desserts , ” for people ’s indiscretions .
Much to his surprise , he receives an answer from God .
Reiner has a lot in common with Nat
“ I am an atheist , ” Reiner declares .
“ I have a very different take on who God is .
Man invented God because he needed him .
God is us . ”
Advertisement
--
susan.king@latimes.com
Something I 've been thinking of implementing myself , but i have other exciting things to work on these days , so I just free up this idea to the lazyweb :
WANTED
We really need a web API service that gives you the changelog entry , given a distribution name and version (s ) .
Say the service lives on changes .
cpan.org : ( of course it could be something else )
API : http://changes.cpan.org/changes.json?distribution=Plack&from=0.9010&to=0.9015
( " to " can be omitted , in which case the latest CPAN version is used )
Response : JSON with the following keys :
from , to , distribution : echo the request
changes : plain text of what 's new , extracted from Changes file
That 's it .
Extracting the changes as a data structure , like identifying RT ticket numbers , would be neat but that could be built as a separate service or a module , so i'd rather want it just serve a plain text view .
HOW
Daisuke Murase actually created CPAN Recent Feed for this , but since his server died a couple of weeks ago , the service went down .
( Alas , the source code also is temporary unavailable )
We could probably use search.cpan.org 's not -very - well - known Diff tool to extract changes , or manually download two tar - balls to peek at Changes file to diff .
The other approach would be to parse Changes file to recognize versions .
Not all dists use the same formats or filenames to log changes , so we may need some heuristics to recognize it .
Some module authors use formats like YAML to log changes , in which case the parsing would be easier .
WHY
It would be obvious why this should be useful , but just in case : once we build this available as a web API , we could :
write a CPAN.pm ( or CPANPLUS ) plugin to display changes when you upgrade modules
write a command line tool to check the installed module version and display changes , so you can determine whether you should upgrade
CPAN realtime updates can now add changes as a comment to the module update entry
etc. etc..
So , who wants to write this ? :)
In keeping with the warnings presented by Kyle Bass warned that the entire housing bubble is now being ported over to the taxpayer 's balance sheet , Edward Pinto , a former chief credit officer for Fannie Mae claims that the Federal Housing Administration will likely require a major taxpayer bailout " in the next 24 to 36 months " as it is likely to incur $ 56 billion more in losses than it can withstand .
For those that think the NINJA loans are a thing of the past , think again - the Fed is now actively encouraging just those same reckless standards that brought America to the brink :
The FHA program ’s volumes have quadrupled since 2006 as private lenders and insurers pulled back amid the U.S. housing slump , Pinto said .
The trend has left the agency backing risky loans and exposed to fraud in a “ market where prices have yet to stabilize , ” he said .
The program insures loans with down payments as low as 3.5 percent and has no formal credit - score requirements .
The FHA Commissioner , David Stevens , is keeping to his side of the story , which is that everything is being properly accounted for , and there is no risk in the future of the Administration .
Do n't expect this story to change until the next time the handout hat startrs getting tossed around legislators .
In the meantime , the deterioration in loan standards keeps accelerating :
About 14.4 percent of FHA loans were delinquent as of June 30 and 2.98 percent were already being foreclosed upon , according to the Mortgage Bankers Association .
The combined percentage for all mortgages was a record 13.16 percent , according to data from the Washington - based trade group , which said in releasing the figures the share of FHA loans past due is being suppressed by the large amount new debt .
So there you have it : housing bubble 2.0 , now openly sponsored by the Administration .
The more things change ( insert appropriate slogan reference here ) ...
Mr. Pinto's 94 page testimony and presentations and provided below , which are a must read for those who care to see what a reflating bubble looks like .
From the Chicago Fed : Index shows economic activity approaching pre-recessionary levels
The Chicago Fed National Activity Index was – 0.81 in September , down from – 0.65 in August .
Three of the four broad categories of indicators made negative contributions to the index in September , but the production and income category made a positive contribution for the third consecutive month .
Click on table for larger image in new window .
This graph shows the Chicago Fed National Activity Index ( three month moving average ) since 1967 .
According to the Chicago Fed : " At – 0.63 in September ( up from – 0.96 in the previous month ) , the index ’s three - month moving average , CFNAI - MA3 , suggests that growth in national economic activity was below its historical trend .
However , the CFNAI - MA3 in September improved to a level greater than – 0.7 for the first time since the early months of this recession .
For the four previous recessions , the first month when the CFNAI - MA3 was above – 0.7 coincided closely with the end of each recession as eventually determined by the National Bureau of Economic Research .
" This index suggests that the official recession might be over .
However the index is still fairly weak .
Walker Allen will be showing work this coming First Friday at Artisan Alley , 323 West Broad Street .
He is one of the kindest people I have met .
Walker Allen will be showing work this coming First Friday at Artisan Alley , 323 West Broad Street .
He is one of the kindest people I have met .
He and I also share a love of a very strange camera , Sony ’s F707/717 series .
His website can be seen here , and he can be contacted at [ email protected ]
RVA : How long have you been in RVA ?
Walker : Since ’ 95 .
But I spent about 3 years in Vancouver , BC starting in ’02 .
RVA : What kind of equipment do you use ?
Walker :
My primary camera has been a Canon EOS 30D for a year or so with a Canon EFS 17 - 85 f4 - 5.6 as my main lens ( thanks again Jason ! )
But many of these photos were taken with a slightly cheesy ( though I loved it ! )
Sony Cybershot DSC - F707 .
I got pretty attached to that swiveling lens .
And these night shots are very dependent on the hefty Bogen tripod I ’ve had since I was a kid as well as a dinky compact tripod that fits in my backpack .
RVA : Why do people make photographs ?
Walker : Speaking for myself I think I ’m just trying to fuel my ego .
It ’s probably not healthy behavior .
RVA : What is your photographic philosophy ?
Walker :
That ’s a work in progress and no better developed than any of my other philosophies .
I started out focused on filmmaking and my relatively recent transition to photography is sort of a distillation of that impulse to create evocative imagery by filtering my experience through technology according to my own particular visions .
At their core those impulses remain mysterious to me .
Being people is endlessly bizarre and so is art .
In the case of these particular photos though , I ’m just trying to hone my skills , play with light , and hopefully make pretty pictures that people enjoy putting in their eyeballs .
RVA : Do you define the atmosphere you capture ?
Is it real ?
Walker : I ’ll just wind up answering that question with more questions .
Pass .
RVA : When do you photograph ?
Walker :
At the moment I ’m excited about running around at night and getting these long exposures .
The resulting photos rarely look anything like the scenery that I ’m capturing as the eye perceives it .
It ’s generally just dark .
But when the shot pops up you get all this unexpected color and light and occasionally entire objects that were completely invisible at first .
But because I wind up standing in one place with the camera on a tripod for long amounts of time I try to go out in the wee hours of the morning when there ’s less of a chance of being disturbed or having the shots affected by moving objects like cars and whatnot .
I got into it because I used to work the door at a bar and would n’t get off until 3 or so in the morning .
I ’d stumble across all these eerie quiet scenes biking around the city at night so I started taking a camera and tripod out with me all the time .
And the rest is histogram .
In the 1980s an animator named Craig Reynolds was interested in animating groups of animals , such as flocks of birds .
He wanted to avoid having to individually determine each bird ’s movement , and he suspected that their behaviour could be captured by an algorithm wherein each bird followed simple rules relating to its surroundings .
His work showed that he was right , and he produced a now famous simulation called boids that demonstrated flocking behaviour based on three simple principles : stay close to other boids , head in the same direction as them , but avoid hitting them .
Boids is famous for several reasons : it emulates animal group behaviour quite simply , it demonstrates emergent behaviour , and so on .
I ’m going to use it as an example application for two reasons : it looks good , and it ’s a nice , fairly small example of a physical simulation .
So this is the first in a series of posts on implementing boids using the CHP library , based on an existing example in another message - passing concurrency language : occam .
That version , occoids , can be seen in videos from the CoSMoS project
We will start with the framework for visualisation , then build up the simulation .
All the code in this guide is held in a chp-boids repository on patch - tag — each sample will have an accompanying darcs command to get the code associated with that point in the guide .
Oh , and you will need the latest version of CHP to work with these examples ( 1.3.0 , currently ) , which you can get by issuing “ cabal update ; cabal install chp ” .
So without further ado , here ’s the first piece of code for boids in CHP :
mainCHP :: CHP ( ) mainCHP = do boidStartPos <- liftIO $ lift M2 zip ( replicateM 150 randomIO ) ( replicateM 150 randomIO ) let displayIO = do startFrame mapM_ drawBoid boidStartPos end Frame liftIO $ do setup displayCallback $= glRunAs2D displayIO mainLoop where ... main :: IO ( ) main = runCHP_ mainCHP
darcs get -- tag p1 b
http://patch-tag.com/r/twistedsquare/chp-boids chp-boids-p1b
I ’ve omitted some irrelevant bits that can be seen in the full code .
displayIO is the callback for the display — currently it ’s starting and ending a frame , and drawing some stationary boids .
You can see the general structure of a CHP program — the top - level command uses runCHP_ to run the main function ( in the CHP monad ) .
Currently the body of mainCHP just uses liftIO to do some OpenGL / GLUT bits , but that will change in due course .
The program currently runs and displays some stationary boids until you close it .
So far , so good — now it ’s time to add some concurrency .
We are going to turn each of our boids into a concurrent process ( recall that we aim to add as much concurrency as we can find ) .
For now , our boid processes will simply continually offer to send their unchanging position on a channel .
So here ’s our starting boid :
boid :: Chanout ( Float , Float ) -> ( Float , Float ) -> CHP ( ) boid out pos = forever $ writeChannel out pos
Our boid is fairly self - explanatory — it just repeatedly writes its position on the channel ( we will come to the reading shortly ) .
It is important to understand that the boid will not sit there filling up some internal buffer until it overflows :
CHP channels are synchronous , which means the writer only sends the data when the reader is ready to recieve it .
There is no buffering in the channels .
So although our boid is continually offering to send its position on the channel , the communication will only occur when the reader asks for it .
Now we can look at how the rest of our code has changed to use this boid process :
mainCHP :: CHP ( ) mainCHP = do boidStartPos <- liftIO $ lift M2 zip ( replicateM 150 randomIO ) ( replicateM 150 randomIO ) --
Allocate channels for boids : boidChannels <- replicateM ( length boidStartPos ) oneToOneChannel let ( *$*) = zipWith ( $ ) -- apply a list of functions to a list of arguments boids = repeat boid *$* writers boidChannels *$* boidStartPos displayIO <- embedCHP_ $ do boidPos <- mapM readChannel ( readers boidChannels ) liftIO $ do start Frame mapM_ drawBoid boidPos end Frame runParallel_ boids < || > liftIO ( do setup displayCallback $= glRunAs2D displayIO mainLoop ) return ( ) where ...
darcs get -- tag p1c
http://patch-tag.com/r/twistedsquare/chp-boids chp-boids-p1c
Early on , we now allocate a list of channels that the boids will use to send their position .
There is then a little bit of Haskell that forms the boid processes from the list of channels and list of start positions .
The displayIO callback has to be in the IO monad rather than the CHP monad so we use a helper function supplied by the CHP library ( embedCHP ) that pushes a CHP process back down into the IO monad .
The displayIO callback can then use CHP functions — here it uses readChannel to collect positions from all the boids .
Finally , the boids are run in parallel with each other ( using the runParallel_ function ) and also in parallel ( this time via the < ||> operator ) with the main loop of the program .
What this gives us is a concurrent program with 151 processes : 150 boids , and one main loop .
The wiring and interface with OpenGL / GLUT is likely to be one of the ugliest parts of our simulation , so it should get better from here .
In the next part of the guide I will show how to get the boids moving .
In a large apartment building , it ’s impossible to avoid the neighbors .
You can hear the Bruce Springsteen that the tenant in 7B cranks while vacuuming , the kids in 8A directly above tromping around , and if someone decides to paint , the fumes reach everyone on the floor .
So when a building supervisor notified owners in a sixty - unit co-op building in Brooklyn that one of the apartments had a bedbug infestation , Eddie Rosenthal feared that it was only a matter of time until the bugs spread to his home .
“ There are lots and lots of cracks in the walls , ” said Rosenthal , a 30 - year resident of the nearly century - old building .
“ There are so many places for them to hide . ”
But it was n't just the tiny , biting bugs that gave Rosenthal the creeps .
So did the prospect of using pesticides inside his home .
So Rosenthal decided to try a few tricks that might keep his home bug - free without spraying chemicals .
He raised his bed off the ground , filled some cracks in walls and applied nontoxic powder to spaces between the walls where many bugs live .
Now research has shown that these “ good housekeeping ” techniques not only minimize chemical use , but they are even more effective at controlling pests than hiring an exterminator to spray powerful , toxic pesticides .
A single use of such techniques in 13 New York City apartment buildings eliminated substantially more cockroaches and mice than repeated professional applications of pesticides in other buildings , according to a new study by the New York Department of Health and Mental Hygiene , Columbia University and the New York City Housing Authority .
In addition , asthma - triggering allergens related to cockroaches were between 40 and 70 percent lower in the residences using preventive techniques than those using standard insecticides , according to the study .
To pest control professionals , these techniques have a name — integrated pest management , or IPM .
The idea is simple : make the home an unattractive place for pests by fixing leaky pipes , filling cracks in walls and gaps under baseboards and thoroughly cleaning pest hotspots such as kitchens and bathrooms .
“ If you have food , water and you have access , you will have pests , ” said Daniel Kass , the study ’s lead author and director of environmental surveillance and policy at the New York health department .
This is not the first research demonstrating that IPM is effective , but it is the most extensive study yet showing the benefits of a single treatment .
“ What is surprising about this study , ” said Kass , “ is that a single intervention in kitchens and bathrooms can have lasting effects . ”
For the study , an IPM treatment was conducted a single time in 169 apartments in 13 public housing apartment buildings in Brooklyn and Manhattan .
Teams trained in integrated pest management inspected the kitchen and bathrooms , filled any holes or cracks in walls and baseboards and thoroughly cleaned problem areas .
Exterminators treated another 111 apartments in nearby buildings using standard chemical procedures , spraying pesticides around baseboards up to two times in the six - month period .
Twice during the study , after three months and six months , researchers trapped insects in glue traps scented with a cockroach attractant .
During both collection periods , 68 percent of the homes receiving IPM had reduced cockroach numbers by at least half , while 48 percent of the pesticide - treated apartments over three months , and 56 percent over six months , had similar reductions , according to the study , which was published in Environmental Health Perspectives in August .
“ This was a very good study , ” said Barbara Brenner , an associate professor of preventive medicine at Mount Sinai Medical Center in New York City .
“ I think this study is going to be relied on by those who want to advocate for integrated pest management . ”
Brenner was not involved with Kass ’s research , but has conducted other IPM studies .
Karen Reardon , director of communication for RISE ( Responsible Industry for a Sound Environment ) , a pesticide industry trade group , said the methods used in the new study “ are extremely important and necessary parts of IPM . ”
But she adds that pesticides are also part of an integrated approach to controlling pests , and stresses that every infestation is different so chemical use should not be off - limits .
Also , it is not always cheap or easy to implement IPM .
Initial costs in an apartment building can be two to three times higher than traditional treatments for the first year , according to the New York City study .
“ It is more expensive to do what we did , ” said Kass , “ but we think [ IPM ] is cheaper in the long term . ”
Many IPM interventions are permanent .
“ Once you caulk something , it does not need to be reapplied , ” he said .
Pesticides however , move around with time , soaking into baseboards , so treatments must be repeated .
The Boston Housing Authority conducted a thorough cost analysis of IPM in an 85 - unit apartment complex in 2003 .
First year costs were $ 18,000 compared to around $ 7,000 for traditional pest control .
However , in the third year , IPM costs were $ 200 less than traditional pesticide applications .
The savings were mostly made up by a dramatic drop in pest complaints , which saved the housing authority around 150 man-hours .
When you include the health costs of pesticides , said Kass , IPM becomes even cheaper .
In 2003 , around 1,000 cases of pesticide exposures or poisonings were reported to the New York City poison control center .
Half were children under five , and 95 percent of the exposures happened in homes .
And there can be more catastrophic consequences to pesticide use .
“ Every year several apartments blow up because of pesticide foggers , ” said Kass .
The products are highly flammable and can be ignited by pilot lights or electrical sparks .
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports there were 123 fogger related injuries in New York State between 2001 and 2006 .
“ People hear by word of mouth that something works , and they do n’t stop to think that if it kills the bugs there ’s got to be something in it that ’s not safe , ” said Steve Scholl - Buckwald , director of the Pesticide Action Network of North America based in San Francisco .
Many of the chemicals used to kill bugs are nerve poisons that might cause long - term health problems , he said .
The chemical industry says that when used properly , pesticides are safe .
“ They have been through a large battery of required tests and they all must be registered by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , ” Reardon said .
“ They have been proven to be safe for use by professionals and consumers . ”
To use these products properly , Reardon said , “ Always read and follow all the label directions about every aspect of product use .
A lot of time goes into those labels to assure that the product is used safely and that it is going to take care of your pest . ”
Many pesticides , however , have been taken off the market because of health effects , and some of them stick around long after they have been used in a home .
Chlorpyrifos , which was removed from home and garden use by the EPA in 2000 due to a risk of neurological damage , has been linked to lower birth weight and smaller head circumferences in newborns .
Chlordane , which was banned in the U.S. in 1988 , can last in the soil for decades and can accumulate in the tissues of wildlife .
Researchers showed that these two chemicals were among the three most commonly detected pesticides on the floors of homes .
In a sampling of 500 homes nationwide , chlorpyrifos was found in 78 percent and chlordane in 64 percent .
Chlordane ’s tendency to stick around is primarily why it was withdrawn from the market , said Dan Stout , an EPA biologist in Washington D.C. who conducted the sampling study .
“ It just tends to hang around too long . ”
When a pesticide is used indoors a lot of it will be absorbed by the carpet , walls and floor .
“ That house is like a leaky box , ” said Stout .
“ What gets in does n’t tend to get back out . ”
This leads to concentrations of chemicals indoors that are on average 10 to 100 times greater than concentrations outdoors .
“ It ’s a funny world , ” said Stout , “ that I would take a poison and put it into my home to control a pest .
But on the other hand , if I do n’t do that , I can be overrun by insects and pest activity , and that has its own negative repercussions such as asthma triggers .
It ’s kind of you ’re damned if you do , and you ’re damned if you do n’t based on current technology .
But things have gotten better . ”
Scholl - Buckwald points out cities across the country , from San Francisco to New York City , are focusing on reducing pesticide use .
New York City has crafted policies that incorporate integrated pest management into current maintenance programs for city - owned property and has prohibited city agencies from using cancer - causing chemicals .
The chemical industry does not have alternatives to the chemicals prohibited by New York City .
“ When this list was discussed several years ago , ” Reardon said , “ we did not believe that there was a scientific basis for creating the list .
The [ banned ] products are registered and approved for safe use by the U.S. EPA and the State of New York . ”
Many experts agree with the chemical industry that integrated pest management can’t solve every pest problem .
“ There are times when the infestation was so bad you had to complement the integrated pest management with some spraying , ” said Brenner .
In milder cases , Kass recommends using covered cockroach baits , gels that can be inserted directly into cracks and old - fashioned mouse traps .
“ The main thing to know is that pesticides by definition were designed to kill , ” said Scholl - Buckwald , “ and it is a myth to think that they only kill bugs .
There are very , very effective alternatives out there , but it ’s going to take a little looking . ”
The alternatives employed by Eddie Rosenthal in his Brooklyn apartment seem to be working so far .
“ This so crazy , ” he said .
“ I feel like this is a siege . ”
Rosenthal purchased special devices that isolate his bed and night stand from the floor , and he slid them away from the wall .
He even put Vaseline on the cord of his bedside lamp so he does n’t provide a bridge for insects .
Diatomaceous earth , a powder made up of fossilized algae , was squeezed from a ketchup bottle into the spaces between walls .
Yet Rosenthal has not ruled out using pesticides .
“ Only from desperation and loathing would I have them come into my apartment and spray , ” he said .
This article originally ran at Environmental Health News , a news source published by Environmental Health Sciences , a nonprofit media company .
Google Chrome has come a long way in the past year , steadily adding subtle but useful features for power users .
Let 's take a fresh look at Chrome 's current offerings — especially for those willing to brave its early developer builds .
Advertisement
Not long after Chrome 's release , our 2008 Chrome Power User 's Guide covered its best features for savvy surfers , such as keyboard shortcuts and startup switches .
We wo n't rehash those here ; instead we 're going to round up the new stuff that 's come out since in both the stable and developer build of Chrome .
( For reference , as of writing , the stable build of Google Chrome is version number 3.0.195.27 , and the developer release is version 4.0.222.12 . )
Advertisement
Turn Chrome into a Site - Specific Browser with Application Shortcuts
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
If webapps like Gmail have replaced desktop apps like an old - school email client for you , you 'll like Chrome 's ability to act as a site - specific browser ( SSB ) with Application Shortcuts .
Chrome 's minimal interface makes it a great candidate to get the heck out of your webapps ' way , and just act as a window to it .
To put a Chrome Application Shortcut to Gmail , Google Reader , Twitter , Facebook , or any other webapp you like to keep open in a separate window , open the site in Chrome .
From the Page menu , choose " Create application shortcuts . "
From there decide to put your shortcut on the desktop , quick launch bar , and / or Start Menu .
You can create as many Application Shortcuts as you like to all your favorite webapps or sites .
When you open your webapp from the Application Shortcut icon , you wo n't see Chrome 's address bar , or tabs , or your bookmarks bar .
Any link that you click inside the application window will open in a different window in a full - on instance of Chrome .
Assign Keywords to Your Search Engines
Advertisement
One of Chrome 's most touted features is how you can search the web by just typing into its address bar ( a.k.a , the " omnibox " ) .
To search specific sites , you can even type certain domain names ( like " youtube.com " ) and then press Tab to search that site specifically .
However , power users want to configure custom searches to happen in as few keystrokes as possible .
Like Firefox 's keyword bookmark capabilities , you can assign a keyword to a search engine bookmark in Chrome , which uses the %s variable to pass parameters to the URL .
Advertisement
To do so , right - click in Chrome 's address bar and choose " Edit Search Engines . "
There , you can add , edit , or remove searches and assign keywords in the Keyword field .
Using this technique you can , for instance , update Twitter with a keyword as well as search Lifehacker.com via Google .
( Set the URL to http://google.com/search?q=site:lifehacker.com+%s and the keyword to lh .
Then , to search Lifehacker 's archives in Chrome , type lh " your search here " into the address bar . )
Advertisement
Update Twitter With a Keyword Bookmark Reader Gilles writes in with an interesting tip :
You can use a keyword bookmark to quickly post …
Read more
Customize the " New Tab " Page
Advertisement
Chrome 's other slick headliner feature is its " New Tab " page , which displays a grid of frequently - visited web site thumbnails that help you get to where you 're most likely to go when you create a new tab .
That list is more customizable than ever , with options to rearrange the thumbnails ( just drag and drop ) and pin thumbnails to specific locations on the grid ( hover over a thumbnail and press the thumbtack button to do so ) .
If you do n't need so much eye candy , you can switch to a list view by clicking on the view buttons on the upper right .
Get to Know New Chrome Startup Switches
Advertisement
Last year we covered several Chrome startup switches that let you do things like use multiple user profiles , always start Chrome in a maximized window , and disable certain features like Flash or JavaScript .
Today there are three more startup switches worth mentioning .
The -- bookmark - menu switch adds a bookmark button to Chrome 's toolbar .
The - incognito switch starts up Google Chrome in private , incognito mode .
Finally , Greasemonkey fans will want to try the - - enable - user - scripts switch to see if their favorite scripts work in Chrome .
( A few other steps are required ; here 's how to get Greasemonkey user scripts going . )
Advertisement
Choose Your Chrome Theme
Advertisement
As if ad - heavy web sites were n't enough , web browser themes can add even more visual distractions to your surfing experience .
However , since Chrome 's — well , chrome — is so minimal , its themes are less annoying than in other browsers .
I prefer Google 's more muted in - house themes , but there are more vibrant artist themes as well .
To activate a theme , from the Wrench menu , choose Personal Options , click " Get Themes . "
Choose the theme you like from the Themes Gallery and click the " Apply Theme " button under it .
Master Mouse and Keyboard Shortcuts for Managing Tabs
Advertisement
Every power user has a few essential keyboard shortcuts in their arsenal , and Chrome offers some mouse - and - keyboard combinations for managing tabs , too .
Like Firefox , you can middle - mouse - button click any link to open it in a background tab ( or Ctrl+click for the same result ) .
Shift + Click opens a link in a new window , Shift + middle +click ( or Shift + Ctrl+click ) opens a link in a new tab and switches to it , and Alt +click saves the contents of a link to your computer .
Switch to the Dev Channel Release for Extensions ( and More )
Advertisement
Brave devotees to Google Chrome want to take advantage of its open development , and subscribe to the developer channel of early Chrome releases to get a preview of new features .
Using Chrome 's Channel Changer tool you can switch from the stable release to the no - guarantees - on - stability beta or developer build .
The risk you take in running into unexpected bugs is worth it for features the early builds offer .
In the current Developer build version 4.0.222.12 , you can sync your bookmarks , test extensions , and pin tabs .
( Also , Mac and Linux users can finally try out Chrome via the developer channel , as a stable release is not yet available . )
Advertisement
( Dev Build Only ) Synchronize Your Bookmarks
Advertisement
You use Chrome at home and at the office , and you want your bookmarks synced in both places ,
In the dev build of Chrome , from the Wrench menu , choose " Sync my bookmarks " to save your Chrome bookmarks in your Google account .
( You 'll have to sign in to start syncing . )
If you 're already using the Xmarks extension for Firefox or IE , you can use that in the dev build of Chrome , which includes the foundation of extension support with a few alpha add - ons ready for testing .
Advertisement
( Dev Build Only ) Install Extensions
Advertisement
Chrome 's extension support is still young , but several alpha / beta extensions give you a glimpse of Firefox - like extension goodness in Chrome .
Here are a few of our favorite Chrome extensions .
Advertisement
To view and manage what extensions you 've got installed in Google Chrome , from the Wrench menu , choose Extensions to open the Extensions manager , where you can reload , disable , and uninstall extensions .
( Dev Build Only ) Shrink and Affix Tabs with " Pin Tab " Option
Advertisement
Finally , a tiny little tab feature that everyone seems to love is available in the dev build of Chrome : the ability to shrink a tab down to only its favicon , and pin it to your tab bar .
Right - click on any tab and choose " Pin tab " from the context menu to try it out .
Advertisement
What other power tips for Chrome , stable or developer build , are out there ?
Share your best ones in the comments .
Gina Trapani , Lifehacker 's founding editor , strongly suspects 2010 will be a big year for Google Chrome .
Her weekly feature , Smarterware , appears every Wednesday on Lifehacker .
Subscribe to the Smarterware tag feed to get new installments in your newsreader .
I spent some time today going through a hundred headlines from this decade relating to the housing market .
What I found is rather telling and may be contrary to what you would expect .
Some in the press were early to the housing bubble but as the housing market grew stronger and the bubble expanded , many of those in the press pushed their assumptions aside and learned to love the housing bubble .
Even as option ARMs and Alt - A loans made their way through the market , the housing bubble suddenly made many journalist pause and refrain from using common sense .
The 27 headlines in this article are a fascinating study of economic psychology but also a case study in financial journalism .
What you will find in the following headlines is a scatterbrain attempt of the media trying to make sense of an economic bubble .
Instead of examining the deeper intricacies of the market and looking at the U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve the media seemed to report what was one step in front of it .
If that is the case , then who is really minding the store ?
Let us go through each year and watch as the housing market was reported in the press for the past decade .
The evolution is fascinating .
2000 – Incredibly , we find articles were the press is questioning affordability , looking at incomes , and even wondering if housing has hit a peak !
May 18 , 2000 ( USA Today )
Priced out of Silicon Valley Insane housing market is pushing away teachers , police
“ Local governments prosper from higher tax revenue , but a real - estate market that stretches reality keeps hammering the middle class .
Escalating rents and housing prices make it particularly hard for teachers , police officers and city workers to live where they work , or even close to where they work .
Many can neither afford the rents nor qualify for mortgages .
Increasingly they are leaving for jobs outside Silicon Valley . ”
May 23 , 2000 ( Business Week )
Has the Housing Market Hit Its Ceiling ?
“ For several years , economists have unsuccessfully tried to call the top of the white - hot housing market .
Each time they ’ve been foiled by unexpected stock market gains that boosted consumer confidence and wealth .
But with stocks cooling off since the start of the year and interest - rate hikes coming in bigger increments from the Federal Reserve , the experts may finally get it right . ”
September 14 , 2000 ( L.A. Times )
Heat Wave Hits Housing Market ; Declining 30 - year mortgage rates , rising consumer confidence push county ’s median price up 14 % from ’99 .
“ Led by spectacular gains in the new - home market , the median price of Orange County houses and condos sold last month jumped by 14 % from a year earlier to a new record of $ 274,000 .
Even so , the big price gains in markets such as Orange County have shut out more and more families .
Based on income estimates and mortgage rates , only 27 % of Orange County families can purchase an existing home , according to recent reports from the California Assn. of Realtors .
In Los Angeles County , fewer than 40 % of consumers can afford a home .
Builders , however , are putting up ever more expensive homes , out of reach of most buyers .
Indeed , the median price of a new Orange County home sold in August was $ 400,250 – up 22 % from a year earlier .
Existing houses jumped more than 13 % to $ 295,000 and existing condos rose more than 11 % to $ 181,250 . ”
2001 – We need to remember that a recession is on us at this point .
The stock market gets hammered .
Interestingly enough we have people looking at housing to dig us out of the economic malaise .
January 8 , 2001 ( BBC News )
Housing market – boom or bust ?
“ With conflicting signs all around , Dharshini David examines what really happened in the UK housing market over the past year .
Are we set for a year of rising prices – or have the good times finally come to an end ? ”
June 11 , 2001 ( Newsweek )
Sold !
Can a hot housing market save the economy from the deep freeze ?
“ Carl Statham is n’t sticking to the script .
In a sputtering economy , consumers are supposed to rein in their spending , particularly on big - ticket items .
Yet even with the faltering stock market and headlines about mass layoffs , Statham and his wife , Gloria , recently moved into a new $ 1 million home near Chicago–complete with an indoor driving range and putting green to lower his 12 handicap .
It ’s not that the Stathams are immune from the ups and downs of the economy .
They own an auto dealership , and sales have softened as shoppers downshift to buying cars based more on need than want .
But as Statham lines up a practice drive in his 6,000 - square - foot home , he seems confident that his new house is a better bet than Tiger Woods ’s sinking a six - inch putt .
“ A home is the safest investment to make right now , ” he says . ”
November 7 , 2001 ( Contra Costa Times )
Uncertainty Hits California ’s Housing Market .
“ Patience has always been a virtue when looking to buy into the Bay Area ’s real estate market .
For Bob and Lori Edwards , however , patience became a necessity as they were forced to deal with the uncertain and unexplored — the post - Sept. 11 housing market .
The Edwards began their house hunt in Concord again in early September after an earlier deal fell through .
They were willing to spend around $ 350,000 .
There was only one problem .
It appeared no one wanted their money .
“ We found nothing on the market , ” Lori Edwards said of home listings right after the tragedy .
“ It was like everything went on hold right after Sept. 11 . ”
2002 – Bubble talk is still on the table .
People associate the housing market with the economy .
February 13 , 2002 ( San Diego Tribune )
Housing market propels economy , S.D. analyst says
“ The stock market slaughter wiped out $ 4 trillion of wealth between 2000 and mid-2001 , says [ Todd Buchholz ] .
But over the past three years , home values have gone up 5 percent annually .
That has added $ 2 trillion in wealth that has helped offset the stock market ’s mayhem .
Massive mortgage refinancing last year ( 55.7 percent of mortgage originations ) dropped monthly payments sharply .
“ For each point that interest rates fell , the average homeowner has saved $ 150 to $ 200 per month , ” says Buchholz .
The value of U.S. housing jumped from $ 8.8 trillion in 1992 to $ 14 trillion last year , says Buchholz .
Lower - priced homes appreciate more than higher - priced ones , he says . ”
July 24 , 2002 ( Fox News )
Housing Market Roundtable
“ NEIL CAVUTO , HOST : With stocks tanking , everybody wants to know what ’s going to be the next bubble to burst ?
Could it be the housing market ?
Who better to ask than the heads of the top homebuilders in the nation .
From Dallas , Larry Hirsch , the CEO of Centex Corporation ; Donald Tomnitz , the CEO of DR Horton ; and from Miami , Stuart Miller , the CEO of Lennar .
Gentleman , welcome to all of you . ”
November 24 , 2002 ( Boston Globe )
IS HOUSING MARKET A BUBBLE THAT’S WAITING TO BURST ?
“ Q. As a renter in Boston for the past five years , I have kept my eye on the real estate market , trying to figure out when to jump in without drowning .
I have been saving actively , and at this point the down payment is no longer a problem .
I have been told not to try to time the market , but the speed with which home prices are accelerating is a huge concern .
To try to get more house for my money , I have been looking at multifamily homes , but even there , the trend is scary for a first - time . ”
2003 – Greenspan says housing likely to cool even though his dropping of rates spurs the buying frenzy .
Warnings of a crash enter the headlines but not on mainstream outlets like ABC or CBS .
March 5 , 2003 ( Toronto Star )
U.S. housing market likely to cool , Greenspan cautions ; ‘ Home prices could recede , ’ top banker warns Sharp decline ‘ seems most unlikely , ’ he adds
“ U.S. Federal Reserve Board chairman Alan Greenspan said yesterday that the high - flying U.S. housing market is likely to lose a bit of altitude this year .
That could slow consumer spending , one of the American economy ’s few bright spots , he cautioned .
“ The frenetic pace of home equity extraction last year is likely to appreciably simmer down in 2003 , possibly notably lessening support to household purchases of goods and services , ” Greenspan said in a speech delivered via a satellite video link to the Independent Community Bankers of America meeting in Orlando , Fla .
U.S. Federal Reserve Board chairman Alan Greenspan , shown here testifying on Capitol Hill last month , sparked criticism from builders yesterday by warning house prices could “ recede . ”
July 23 , 2003 ( L.A. Times )
Hot Housing Market Is n’t Cooling Off ;
The median sale price of a Ventura County home reached $ 396,000 in June , up 18.2 % from a year ago and second - highest in the region .
“ Depending on the sales category , median prices increased by $ 56,000 to $ 108,000 in the year - to - year period .
Resale home prices rose 16.8 % , to a median of $ 410,000 , while new home prices increased 24.2 % , to $ 555,000 , according to DataQuick .
Condominium prices for resale increased 24.3 % , to $ 286,000 .
Oxnard experienced sales increases from 19.3 % to nearly 37 % in June , depending on the ZIP Code .
Median prices rose 14.3 % , to $ 392,000 , in the 93035 ZIP Code and 39 % , to $ 365,000 , in 93030 .
The 93010 ZIP Code in Camarillo saw 31.4 % more sales last month — 92 compared with 70 in 2002 — while median prices climbed 9.6 % , to $ 400,000 . ”
November 5 , 2003 ( The Independent )
Vincent Cable :
Be warned – the housing market is about to crash
“ Little has been learned .
Lemming - like behaviour by banks is familiar to students of past debt crises .
As the Bank of England Monetary Policy Committee meets , almost certainly to raise interest rates , there is growing alarm in government about an impending crash in house prices .
Higher interest rates and falling house prices could trigger a bloody end to economic growth driven largely by unsustainable consumer debt tenuously secured against nothing more substantial than asset inflation .
As the Bank of England Monetary Policy Committee meets , almost certainly to raise interest rates , there is growing alarm in government about an impending crash in house prices .
Higher interest rates and falling house prices could trigger a bloody end to economic growth driven largely by unsustainable consumer debt tenuously secured against nothing more substantial than asset inflation . ”
2004 – C.A.R. misses bubble peak for California housing .
Tons of people start getting jobs in real estate as an easy meal ticket .
Housing bubble talk is a myth .
February 12 , 2004 ( The Washington Post )
In Hot Housing Market , a Booming Job Shelter ; Real Estate Beckons As Ranks of Agents Expand in County
“ It was the first tour of the day for [ Hollie Pakulla ] , an agent for two years in the Columbia office of Coldwell Banker Residential Brokerage .
She answered questions as the husband and his pregnant wife enthused about the wet bar , wood floors and $ 1,000 special - order chrome bathroom faucets .
Many were people like Pakulla , who in 2001 left a 13 - year career as a Prince George ’s County firefighter and spent about $ 1,500 to take classes and tests to become an agent .
She was following in the footsteps of her mother , father , brothers and sister .
Her first listing hit the market that fall .
She has since sold 76 houses for about $ 13.5 million and was last year named rookie agent of the year by the Maryland Association of Realtors .
Pakulla has to brace home buyers for the county ’s soaring prices , some of the highest in Maryland .
Howard ’s reputation for good schools and a strong quality of life continues to lure new residents while a local housing shortage drives costs up . ”
July 09 , 2004 ( The Record )
California Realtors group ’s economist says state ’s housing market has peaked .
“ The hot California housing market has hit its peak and is going to start cooling off , because the price growth of the past two years is too strong to sustain , the chief economist for the state Realtors group said Thursday .
You ca n’t maintain annual price inflation that has ranged in some areas between 25 percent and 40 percent , the California Association of Realtors ’ Leslie Appleton - Young said at what has become an annual luncheon presentation to members of the Central Valley Association of Realtors .
( The state median sales price — half sold for more , half for less — was $ 465,160 in May , up 26.5 percent from May 2003 . ) ”
December 30 , 2004 ( The Street )
Reasons the Housing Bubble ’s Still Bunk
“ Speculation that there might be a bubble in the housing market appears wrongheaded .
While it certainly is true that housing market activity and home prices are at elevated levels , there is little basis for believing that housing prices suddenly will ratchet downward .
The elements of a bubblelike condition simply do not exist , particularly in light of the low level of housing inventories relative to sales .
Moreover , the laborious nature of real estate transactions is so great and the nature of home ownership is such that liquidations are extremely unlikely to occur en masse . ”
2005 – This is where an interesting shift occurs .
As you noticed in the last articles , there were a few who called it right .
There economic analysis was right .
Yet by 2005 the vast majority assumed housing was at a new permanent high .
Greenspan wo n’t target housing market although he created bubble in first place with low rates .
February 23 , 2005 ( Dallas Morning News )
Foundation strong for housing market .
“ Demographic pressures are so strong that the U.S. housing market will continue to grow even if interest rates rise , the chief economist for the National Association of Realtors predicted Tuesday .
David Lereah told a meeting in Dallas that the current housing boom is likely to last through the decade .
“ The real estate market is still booming all across the U.S. , ” Mr. Lereah said .
“ You ca n’t apply conventional wisdom to the real estate markets anymore .
“ Interest rates going up do n’t necessarily mean real estate will go down . ”
July 22 , 2005 ( L.A. Times )
Fed Wo n’t Target Housing Market
“ The revelation came as Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan on Thursday said the cooling of home prices in some regions could have a negative effect on consumer spending , both locally and nationally .
Greenspan also reiterated his view that economic growth is solid , inflation is well - contained and the Fed intends to continue raising interest rates to keep inflation at bay .
The minutes of the last Fed rate - setting meeting indicated that the Fed believes that targeting any asset bubbles , such as in housing , would be counterproductive . ”
December 7 , 2005 ( USA Today )
Sustained decline forecast in U.S. housing market
“ The U.S. housing industry is in for a sustained decline , though signs of a cool - down have been slower to emerge than previously expected , according to the quarterly UCLA Anderson Forecast released Wednesday .
The widely respected forecasting center at UCLA said rising interest rates , slowing population growth , overbuilding and the fact that prices had reached bubble - like heights in some hot areas will drive the decline .
Housing , which had been a big driver of growth , is contributing little to the economic expansion at present , the forecast said . ”
2006 – Doubts creep into the market .
Ironically , the financial press like MarketWatch actually support a stronger housing market .
Experts headlines miss housing market completely .
February 4 , 2006 ( BBC News )
Optimism in housing market soars
“ Confidence in the Scottish housing market is booming , according to a new economic study .
Experts at the Clydesdale Bank said optimism was at its highest level since their research began in 2001 .
Latest figures showed almost 75 % of people in Scotland expected to see property prices rise this year .
At the same time , the survey showed the prospect of higher council tax bills was deterring many first - time buyers from purchasing . ”
August 10 , 2006 ( Seattle PI )
Housing market starting to wear thin
“ The “ For Sale ” signs are staying out longer .
House prices are easing as sellers try to lure in buyers .
The big question now :
Will the nation ’s five - year housing boom turn into a devastating bust that could derail the overall economy ?
“ We recognize the risk … and we are watching it very carefully , ” Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke told Congress recently .
The Fed ’s interest - rate increases , which have helped push mortgage rates to the highest levels in more than four years , are putting a damper on housing . ”
December 21 , 2006 ( MarketWatch )
Shelter in a storm : Housing market got buffeted in 2006 , expected to stabilize in 2007
“ For many residential real - estate markets in the U.S. , this year started with an advantage to sellers and ended with buyers holding the upper hand .
But , unlike some people had expected , the switch did n’t follow the deafening “ pop ” of a massive real estate bubble .
That spells good news for both buyers and sellers in 2007 , as markets return to balance , prices moderate and , if interest rates remain subdued , sales begin to edge higher .
Many markets saw slower home - price increases and a build - up of inventory in 2006 , much to the dismay of optimistic sellers .
And while speculators — investors who many argue are partially responsible for the massive housing boom — tried to exit the market , buyers began waiting out the correction to get the best prices , causing a drop in home sales .
In many areas , however , the correction was n’t as harsh as some had feared .
In fact , the year as a whole might even have been described as “ healthy ” if the country ’s perspective had n’t been skewed by the boom of the past few years , said John McIlwain , senior fellow for housing at the Urban Land Institute .
The market is still “ well within long - term norms , ” he said .
“ I think the story of the year is the bubble that was n’t , ” McIlwain said .
“ Instead of a bubble busting , so far it has been a healthy correction . ”
2007 – Cracks in the damn .
Yet the real estate industry at this point believes in a new permanent high .
This is like the Dow 30,000 book .
Robust housing market is only the last drink before the lights get turned on and end the party .
February 15 , 2007 ( Boston Globe )
Prediction : “ robust ” spring housing market
The planets are in alignment for a “ robust ” spring housing market as local consumers could experience the best buyers market in more than a decade , a Boston mortgage company said today .
Recent sales have been slumping ; prices have gone sideways and down , but Summit Mortgage LLC sees a bright silver lining ahead .
“ With reduced home values , historically low interest rates , and pent - up consumer demand , I think the spring real estate market will be a home run , ” Richard S. Fedele , Summit ’s chief executive , said in a statement .
“ We ’re now seeing more affordability in the housing market than we ’ve seen in years . ”
May 25 , 2007 ( Forbes )
Housing Market Decline Eases
“ The U.S. housing market may not be in a rebound yet , but the hemorrhaging seems to have eased .
Existing home sales slid 2.6 % , to the slowest pace in four years , real estate agents said on Friday .
But the rate of decline is slowing and there are some signs that a bottom is near .
At the current rate the seasonally adjusted annual rate is 5.99 million units said the National Association of Realtors on Friday , slightly below analysts ’ expectations of 6.13 million homes .
The larger - than - expected drop in existing home sales , which represents 85 % of the entire housing market , disappointed the Street but it was a smaller decline than the 8.4 % plunge recorded in March . ”
November 14 , 2007 ( Atlanta Journal Constitution )
Housing market at the bottom , realtors say
“ The market for existing homes is “ hitting the low right now ” and heading for a “ modest recovery ” next year , the chief economist for the National Association of Realtors said at the group ’s annual convention here Tuesday .
Existing home sales will be “ much softer ” this quarter compared with the same period last year , the economist , Lawrence Yun , said at a news conference .
He said that for all of 2007 , sales nationwide would fall to 5.67 million , compared to 6.48 million in 2006 .
NAR expects the national median price of existing homes to decline 1.7 percent to $ 218,200 for this year , and hold steady at about that level in 2008 .
The number of sales will rise to 5.69 million next year , Yun said .
But the housing recovery will be very uneven , with some markets bouncing back more quickly than others , Yun predicted . ”
2008 – Market falls hard .
Implosions ripple through the industry .
It becomes apparent that housing was the economy for the past decade .
That early headline in the decade called it stating that housing would pull us out of the 2001 recession .
NAR starts begging for money for housing market .
February 12 , 2008 ( Forbes )
Foreclosures hurt housing market further
“ A growing share of home sales are from foreclosures , especially in states hardest hit by the housing bust .
In some parts of California lately , nearly 50 percent of home sales come from foreclosed houses .
The trend , which is putting additional downward pressure on home prices , is most notable there and in Nevada , Colorado , Tennessee and Michigan , but is also evident in Ohio , Georgia , Florida and Arizona , according to an Associated Press comparison of 2007 sales and foreclosure data .
In Nevada , for example , 17.5 percent of home sales were from foreclosures , more than quadruple the number in 2006 . ”
July 8 , 2008 ( CBS News )
Stocks Down Again On More Evidence Of Weak Housing Market
“ U.S. stocks on Tuesday twisted lower in indecisive trade as comments from Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke offered only some respite from credit - market jitters and as an index offered further evidence of a weakened housing market .
“ Unless and until the economic clouds part , we ’ll likely see the housing market continue to struggle , ” Mike Larson , analyst at Weiss Research , said of the National Association of Realtors ’ measure of pending home sales , which fell 4.7 % in May . .
Down at the start , the Dow Jones Industrial Average tossed its losses aside within the first 10 minutes of trading , but struggled to retain its gains , recently falling 39.41 points to 11,192.55 . ”
November 7 , 2008 ( TIME )
How to Revive the Housing Market : A Proposal from Realtors
“ The National Association of Realtors ( NAR ) is lobbying for the U.S. government to artificially lower mortgage rates by purchasing loan points for home buyers .
They say the program would cost $ 100 billion , and could raise home prices as much as 4 % nationwide .
Anyone buying a house for primary residence would be eligible for the mortgage - rate buydown , which would lower a purchaser ’s loan rate 1 % for the life of the loan .
They say the incentive should be made available for the next 12 months .
“ The sentiment in Washington is that we need to get the housing market moving to get the economy back on track , ” says Lawrence Yun , chief economist for the association .
“ We need to strike while the iron is hot . ”
2009 – All of sudden all is well even though American households have lost $ 12.2 trillion .
The real estate industry has seemed to forget the rollercoaster of a decade .
Data is mixed in the headlines .
January 27 , 2009 ( The Washington Post )
Existing - Home Sales Spike As Bargains Glut Market
“ Homes sales surged unexpectedly last month , fueled by record - setting price declines in one of the weakest housing markets in 20 years .
Bargain hunters are making their way through the backlog of homes , but the market remains weak , analysts said .
The recession is weighing on potential buyers , making a market recovery — or even stabilization — unlikely soon , the analysts said .
Existing - home sales climbed 6.5 percent to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 4.74 million in December , according to the National Association of Realtors .
That was better than analysts expected .
Sales fell 3.5 percent compared with December 2007 . ”
July 23 , 2009 ( Mercury News )
Data show housing market starting to recover
“ The U.S. housing market has started to recover from the most far - reaching crisis since the Great Depression , data released Thursday show .
Sales of previously occupied homes rose for the third month in a row in June , the National Association of Realtors reported .
That has n’t happened since early 2004 , during the boom .
“ The turnaround in the housing market appears finally to be here and indeed may be gaining some speed , ” wrote Joel Naroff , president of Naroff Economic Advisors Inc . ”
September 16 , 2009 ( ABC News )
Homeowners Struggle as Housing Market Slowly Recovers
“ When real estate broker Sherri McBroom drove through a Phoenix suburb back in January , it was a tour of despair .
There were more than 130 homes for sale in one neighborhood alone .
Today the story is completely different .
While nationwide home sales jumped 16.7 percent in the first half of 2009 , the turnaround in the same suburb is even more stunning — 150 homes have been sold since May , thanks to low prices , low interest rates and tax breaks for first - time buyers .
“ Prices were so low in the valley , I expected the buyers to come out .
I did n’t expect there to be a bidding war .
I did n’t expect there to be 20 offers on every home , ” McBroom says . ”
And there you have it .
Towards the end bigger mainstream media outlets started reporting on the massive bust but this was too little too late .
It is now at a point of spectator sport journalism .
The time for action was early on .
And as it turns out , many people saw this coming even in the journalism community .
Yet the majority decided to ignore these warnings and learned to love the bubble .
Bernard Madoff was still a genius hedge fund manager , Lehman Brothers was still ripping it up on Wall Street , and IndyMac was just another lovable bank in California .
What a decade it has been for housing .
Did You Enjoy The Post ? Subscribe to Dr. Housing Bubble ’s
Blog to get updated housing commentary , analysis , and information .
Rare - earth metals are the key to 21st Century technology :
Without them , we would n't have smartphones , hybrid cars or precision weapons .
And China , which mines most of the world 's rare - earth metals , may be starting to catch on to their strategic value .
According to this alarming story in Britain 's Telegraph , China ’s Ministry of Industry and Information Technology is weighing a total ban on exports of terbium , dysprosium , yttrium , thulium , and lutetium – and may restrict foreign sales of other rare - earth metals .
But do n't panic yet : U.S. - based Molycorp Minerals is preparing to resume mining of rare earth ore deposits at a California facility , pictured here .
Still , it 's a reminder of the role that strategic resources play , especially for the high - tech military of the United States .
As I reported a few years back in the Financial Times , the Pentagon has become increasingly concerned over Chinese demand for specialty steels and titanium , which are key to armor plating , aircraft design and other high - end weaponry .
Finding new , affordable sources of military - grade titanium has been a top priority of Darpa , the Pentagon 's far - out research arm .
Of course , China is not the only country that 's figuring out how to play the mineral - wealth hand in geopolitics .
For several years now , Russia has used natural - gas supply as a way to exert less - than - subtle pressure on its neighbors .
Energy , the Kremlin found , is a more effective instrument than an aging nuclear - weapons stockpile :
You can actually turn the gas taps off when you feel like punishing someone .
As an old piece of wisdom from the Strategic Air Command put it , " When you have them by the balls , their hearts and minds will follow . "
Data miner : RC
Image : Google Earth
See Also :
It is hard to imagine that a game about doing mundane chores can be fun and addicting .
Harvest Moon : Sunshine Islands is the latest game in a long running series that has players farm , raise animals and make friends all while they complete a light story that usually involves saving their neighborhood or bringing it back to its former glory .
While Sunshine Islands does n’t differ from this path at all , it still manages to be a very addicting game with plenty to do .
Many of the recent Harvest Moon titles tie in a small story to try and spice up the old formula .
In Sunshine Islands , your character soon finds out that he or she has to save the islands everyone lives on by raising them out of the sea .
To accomplish this , players must find sun stones and dump them into a shrine on one of the islands .
Sun stones can be acquired by finding them in hidden spots , giving gifts to the townspeople , shipping a certain amount of a certain crop , and many other ways .
By raising the islands you attract new people to live on them .
The problem with the story in some of the previous Harvest Moon titles was that they were separated from your daily activities .
This made progressing in the story difficult since there is usually not enough time in the day to farm and work on progressing farther in the plot .
In Sunshine Islands , the story coincides with your daily life .
Most of the sun stones can be obtained just by doing your daily chores , so it makes the process much more pleasant .
Plus , the islands you raise keep the game fresh by gradually giving you new areas to explore .
Sunshine Islands is very bright and lighthearted .
This is a welcome change from all of the shooters and heavy action games being released these days .
Everything is colorful , the 3 - D models look good , and the anime style pictures of the characters are very charming .
Even though many of the characters are from previous Harvest Moon games , they are still full of life .
The only problem with the characters is the inclusion of a couple of faceless fishermen and miners that blend into the background .
The islands look great as well .
Each island has its own theme and its own look .
The characters travel from island to island , so the new ones you raise do n’t just feel like a static addition to the game .
Even the characters ’ houses are all varied .
They can range from a small , one room house to a multistory mansion , and the interiors reflect the specific character ’s lifestyle .
Like the graphics , the sound is also very upbeat and cheerful .
The music definitely stands out the most .
While the music on the two main islands where everyone lives does n’t change throughout the year , the music for the other islands reflects what season it is in the game .
While the outdoor music is great , the indoor music can get a little irritating .
The music is almost always the same when you are indoors and if you have your volume turned up a decent amount you will hear it distort in the speakers .
The song is good , but the track itself should have been mixed better so it would not sound distorted at some parts .
If you have ever played a Harvest Moon game before , Sunshine Islands will feel very familiar .
The game progresses in seasons and every year has four , 30 - day seasons : spring , summer , fall and winter .
The season governs what crops you can plant , what you forage and what types of fish you can catch .
Since farming is the best way to get money , the largest impact the seasons have is on the crops .
Besides farming , the other two important aspects of Sunshine Islands are caring for your animals and making friends with the people in town .
Most of the individual elements in Sunshine Islands are very straightforward .
To farm , you get seeds , plant them in a tilled field , water them everyday and ship them off when they are ready .
The in - game tutorials give great explanations on farming and everything else you have to do in the game .
In addition to shipping crops you harvest , you can also forage , fish , and mine for various things to ship and make money off of .
Throughout the course of the game , you can upgrade your farm .
You can expand your house , buy new furniture , and build new structures such as a chicken coop and a barn .
With the new buildings come new responsibilities .
After fulfilling certain requirements you will get animals such as chickens , cows and your trusty dog to care for .
Some of them , like the cows and sheep , produce products that you can sell .
You can also enter them in festivals to see if you have the best animal out of anyone .
The last core element in the game play is making friends .
To do this you have to talk to people every day and give them gifts .
Each person has specific gifts they like and do n’t like .
What I found interesting about interacting with the people in Sunshine Islands is they will not accept your gifts right away .
You have to build a relationship with them first by talking to them for a few days and then you can start giving them gifts .
This makes them look less shallow and greedy , but not by much .
This step is important because after you make friends with them , they will give you sun stones .
You can also woo the girl or guy of your choice by showering them in gifts they love and eventually marry them .
To do most of these things you will need tools .
Like in the previous games , you can upgrade your tools to cover more area or have more force behind them .
You do this by attaching different colored stones called “ wonderfuls ” to the tools .
You obtain wonderfuls by winning festivals , or by buying them at one of the stores .
The system works like Final Fantasy VII ’s materia system , in that you can equip a certain number of colored stones to an object to make it more powerful .
Although there is a lot to do , your character does get tired after a while .
Thankfully , Sunshine Islands has a stamina bar and a fullness bar on the top screen of the DS to help you maintain your character ’s well being .
One downside to this is the stamina and fullness go down rather quickly , so you have to take time out of your day to eat which can get mildly annoying .
Also , I find it strange that the meal you eat at the beginning of each day does not fill you up at all .
Another good top screen feature is the map .
This map shows where just about every character is during the day .
With this you do n’t have to memorize every character ’s schedule like you had to do in the older Harvest Moon games .
However , it does not work perfectly .
The map does not update in real time , so you have to go inside a building , or go to a different island to update the map .
This can get frustrating when a character you are looking for is in one house , but when you enter that house you find the character either outside or in another building .
The biggest improvement this game has over the other DS installments is optional stylus controls .
In the previous Harvest Moon games for the DS , stylus control was mandatory and it made the game feel sluggish .
In Sunshine Islands , you can opt to use the control pad and the buttons and this makes for a much more immersible experience .
The control layout is good and the shortcuts involving the shoulder buttons make equipping tools relatively easy .
The only small annoyance is when you buy the larger rucksack you have to pause the game and manually look through it every time you want to pull out a specific item .
Harvest Moon : Sunshine Islands is anything but boring .
Even though the tasks may seem mundane and uneventful , there is a lot going on in this game .
Raising the islands gives you new areas to explore and different events happen throughout the game to keep it fresh .
Yes , you do generally do the same thing everyday , but Sunshine Islands does it in such a way that the experience is enjoyable and addicting without moving into the realm of repetitive and boring .
There are some minor flaws and annoyances , but they are in no way game breaking .
With the new controls , Sunshine Islands is joy to play and if you are a perfectionist it will keep you busy for a long while .
– — – — – — – — – –
Veteran newsreader Ian Ross has thanked viewers as he read the news for the final time on the Seven Network .
Ross , 69 , had his final day on air on Friday evening , as he heads into retirement after a career in journalism spanning more than 50 years .
Ross was shown a video montage of his broadcast career , before thanking his colleagues and the Seven Network , which he joined six years ago .
Wind energy provided more than half of Spain 's total electricity needs for several hours over the weekend as the country set a new national record for wind - generated power .
With high winds gusting across much of the country , Spain 's huge network of windfarms jointly poured the equivalent of 11 nuclear power stations ' worth of electricity into the national grid .
At one stage on Sunday morning , the country 's wind farms were able to cover 53 % of total electricity demand – a new record in a country that boasts the world 's third largest array of wind turbines , after the United States and Germany .
For more than five hours on Sunday morning output from wind power was providing more than half of the electricity being used .
At their peak , wind farms were generating 11.5 gigawatts , or two - thirds of their theoretical maximum capacity of almost 18 GW .
The new record , which beat a 44 % level set earlier last week , came as strong winds battered the Iberian peninsula .
The massive output of wind turbines meant the Spanish grid had more electricity than was needed over the weekend .
In previous years similar weather has forced windfarms to turn turbines off but now the spare electricity is exported or used by hydroelectric plants to pump water back into their dams — effectively storing the electricity for future use .
José Donoso , head of the Spanish Wind Energy Association , recalled that just five years ago critics had claimed the grid could never cope with more than 14 % of its supply from wind .
" We think that we can keep growing and go from the present 17 GW megawatts to reach 40 GW in 2020 , " he told El País newspaper .
Windfarms have this month outperformed other forms of electricity generation in Spain , beating gas into second place and producing 80 % more than the country 's nuclear plants .
Experts estimate that by the end of the year , Spain will have provided a quarter of its energy needs with renewables , with wind leading the way , followed by hydroelectric power and solar energy .
Facebook has announced a new service for the friends and family of dead people .
Monday morning , after some public pressure from Canada 's privacy czar , Mark Zuckerberg and company told the world they 're now " memorializing " the Facebook profiles of those who graduate to that big social network in the sky .
" When someone leaves us , they do n't leave our memories or our social network , " Facebook man Max Kelly wrote on the official Facebook blog .
" To reflect that reality , we created the idea of ' memorialized ' profiles as a place where people can save and share their memories of those who 've passed . "
When an account is memorialized , only friends confirmed by the dead person prior to death can see the account or even locate it via search .
And though friends can post stuff to the dead person 's virtual " Wall , " no one can actually log in to the account .
Facebook also says it will " try to protect the deceased 's privacy by removing sensitive information such as contact information and status updates " - and work to remove the profile from certain on - site feeds .
" We understand how difficult it can be for people to be reminded of those who are no longer with them , " the post continues .
" For instance , just last week , we introduced new types of Suggestions that appear on the right - hand side of the home page and remind people to take actions with friends who need help on Facebook .
By memorializing the account of someone who has passed away , people will no longer see that person appear in their Suggestions . "
To memorialize the profile of a dead person you know , you can contact Facebook via this form , entitled " Deceased . "
You must provide the deceased 's date - of - birth , email addresses they may have used to create their Facebook account , your relationship to the deceased , and proof of death , including a news article or obituary .
The Canadian privacy czar must be very pleased indeed .
But here at The Reg , we 're patiently waiting for Mark Zuckerberg and company to memorialize the Facebook profile of someone who 's very much among the living .
If web pranksters can fool a Reuters reporter into thinking the Chamber supports greenhouse gas legislation , someone can surely fool Facebook into thinking some unsuspecting social networker has passed into the hereafter .
We also know that Facebook friends are n't always friends .
Protecting a dead person 's privacy is all well and good , but what happens when someone takes a piss on that Wall ?
What happens if there 's a dispute over what is and what is n't sensitive profile material ?
Death was so much easier on GeoCities . ®
It 's been a great season for the FX biker drama Sons Of Anarchy , both creatively and in terms of audience growth .
Well , this week , the show hit another milestone .
Already this year Sons had beaten ABC's The Forgotten in the ratings ; and this week , Sons drew more viewers than The Forgotten and NBC's The Jay Leno Show .
This past Tuesday's 10 p.m. airing of Sons Of Anarchy drew 3.7 million viewers , for a 2.05 rating .
The Forgotten had a 1.9 ; Leno a 1.8 .
The crow flies straight … .
Advertisement
Posted on by Timothy McDougald
Dear Rep. Grayson ,
Although I applaud your stand on health care and you efforts to take the offensive against the Republicans , I do have to take exception to your characterization of Republicans as “ … foot - dragging , knuckle - dragging Neanderthals … ”
This is a gross mischaracterization of Neanderthals on several levels .
First , Neanderthals did not drag their feet or knuckles .
They walked in a fully erect bipedal fashion just like you or I do .
Second , Neanderthals took care of their sick or injured fellows .
Take Shanidar I for example :
He was aged between 40 - 50 years , which was considerably old for a Neanderthal , equivalent to 80 years old today , displaying severe signs of deformity .
He was one of four reasonably complete skeletons from the cave which displayed trauma - related abnormalities , which in his case would have been debilitating to the point of making day - to - day life painful .
At some point in his life he had suffered a violent blow to the left side of his face , creating a crushing fracture to his left orbit which would have left Nandy partially or totally blind in one eye .
He also suffered from a withered right arm which had been fractured in several places and healed , but which caused the loss of his lower arm and hand .
This is thought to be either congenital , a result of childhood disease and trauma or due to an amputation later in his life .
The arm had healed but the injury may have caused some paralysis down his right side , leading to deformities in his lower legs and foot and would have resulted in him walking with a pronounced , painful limp .
All these injuries were acquired long before death , showing extensive healing and this has been used to infer that Neandertals looked after their sick and aged , denoting implicit group concern .
[ bolding mine – afarensis ]
Something Republicans seem unwilling to do at this point .
I hope , in the future , you will refrain from smearing Neanderthals by comparing them to Republicans .
Other than that keep up the good work and please continue to channel your inner Harry Truman and give them hell !
Sincerely ,
afarensis
Update 1 : In response to the trackback below there is this .
Share this : Reddit
Print
Email
LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : Paleoanthropology , Politics | Tagged : Neanderthals |
Drupal Development Company
As a Drupal Web Development Company , the most trusted web technology
remains at the cornerstone for highly scalable & enterprise - grade CMS solutions .
Perception System is a recognized Drupal Website Development Company & Acquia Partner .
We are team of passionate Drupal developers and Acquia Grandmasters .
With the pace of 17 + years of experience , we have touched new highs in UI & UX designing , dynamic CMS development , integrations , and migration services .
Contact Us
Spot the odd one out
By Finlo Rohrer
BBC News Magazine
Vegetarianism used to be simple - its protagonists foreswore the flesh of any dead animal .
Today there are " veggies " who eat fish , and people who eat no meat but do n't call themselves vegetarians .
What happened ?
The conversation usually goes something a bit like this : " Yeah , I 'm a vegetarian . "
" But that looks like fish you 're eating . "
" Oh yeah , I eat fish . "
Confusion , perplexity and occasionally heated debate can follow as the " vegetarian " and their interrogator cover the issue of what is an animal and whether fish feel pain .
But the Vegetarian Society , which has acted as the custodian of British vegetarianism since 1847 , has a simple definition .
The name ' flexitarian ' is coming into use .
It 's fairly meaningless really
Juliet Gellately " A vegetarian does not eat any meat , poultry , game , fish , shellfish or crustacean , or slaughter byproducts , " it says .
They can make that even more pithy : " We do n't eat dead things . "
The society tackles the issue of fish - eating vegetarians with a page headed in red capitals : " VEGETARIANS DO NOT EAT FISH . "
Juliet Gellatley , director of the vegan and vegetarian group Viva , is also clear on the issue of whether fish eaters can use the term vegetarian .
" They cannot .
The definition is very clear .
It 's someone who does n't eat anything from a killed animal .
" It does cause confusion if someone who calls themselves a vegetarian goes into a restaurant and orders a prawn cocktail . "
Many of the fish - eating vegetarians will be making a dietary exception for health reasons .
The government advises the consumption of at least two portions of fish a week , one of which should be oily fish .
This intake is thought to help fight heart disease .
Vegetarian organisations have to counter by noting that some nutritional benefits of eating oily fish can be gained from elsewhere .
They recommend things like flaxseed oil and walnuts .
VARIANTS Classic vegetarian : Eats no part of any dead animal Vegan : Eats no animal product Meat - avoider :
Tries not to to eat meat but has occasional lapses Meat - reducer :
Is trying to eat less meat , probably for health reasons Green eater : Avoids meat because of environmental impact
There may also be a tendency among some fish - eating vegetarians to assign a different ethical equation to the consumption of fish .
It is something that is vehemently rejected by vegetarians .
" There is ample evidence in peer - reviewed scientific journals that mammals experience not just pain , but also mental suffering including fear , anticipation , foreboding , anxiety , stress , terror and trauma , " says Revd Prof Andrew Linzey , director of the Oxford Centre for Animal Ethics and author of Why Animal Suffering Matters .
" The case for fish is n't so strong , but scientific evidence at least shows that they experience pain and fear .
Anyone who wants to avoid causing pain should give up eating fish . "
But there is a wider problem of identification .
" Fish do n't invoke the same compassionate response that a calf , lamb , piglet , or duck does , " says Ms Gellatley .
" We are mammals , we relate much better to other mammals .
When we see a pig in a factory farm and you can see that animal is in pain that has a very direct effect on people . "
Vegetarian escalator
And then there 's the issue of depleted fish stocks .
Fish - eating vegetarians used to have their own term - " pescetarian " - although it seems not to be in common use today .
But , Ms Gellatley says , there is a rise in the use of a new term for the part - vegetarian .
Eschew on that - vegetarians typically start by giving up red meat " The name ' flexitarian ' is coming into use .
It 's fairly meaningless really . "
But for vegetarian activists , anybody taking on the vegetarian badge can be a positive , even if they fall short of the strict definition , says Ms Gellately , alluding to a virtual vegetarian escalator .
" People are moving along a pathway - the positive thing is that they see vegetarianism as aspirational . "
While activists might offer anecdotal evidence for trends like fish - eating vegetarianism , concrete numbers are not easy to come by .
There is a view that after a period of healthy growth in the 1990s , classic vegetarianism is now stagnant .
It rose from 0.2 % of the population during World War II to 1.8 % in 1980 , according to the consumer research company Mintel .
The firm 's most recent survey suggested 6 % concurred with the statement " I am a vegetarian " .
But the Food Standards Agency 's recent Public Attitudes to Food Issues survey found just 3 % of the population was strictly vegetarian , and 5 % partly vegetarian .
Viva cites a survey done on behalf of the Linda McCartney vegetarian food brand which suggested a figure of 10 % .
Easy label Kate Sibley is one example of the more complex definitions of vegetarian these days .
Vegetarian food has had some powerful backers
She was raised mostly as a vegetarian , but given fish for health reasons .
She became an orthodox vegetarian at university but then returned to eating fish later .
It 's now the only meat that she eats .
" I was brought up as a vegetarian .
We were given the choice when we were young .
It was all about animal rights and how animals were factory farmed .
[ My parents ] told us the the reasons and we agreed with them .
" We were fed fish .
It 's important for your brain to have oily fish [ when young ] .
When I became a proper vegetarian I started to get quite ill and tired . "
Her objection is mainly to the way meat is produced , not to the idea of eating an animal .
She uses the term " vegetarian " almost for the sake of convenience .
If she is dining with people for the first time , it makes things simpler .
One of the reasons it 's so hard to assess the level of vegetarianism is because of the multiple definitions of the term .
It is clear , however , that meat - free and meat - substitute meals make up more and more of what we eat .
The marketers and the activists are dealing with new groups of people , known as meat - avoiders and meat - reducers .
Outside those who have a clear philosophical platform for eschewing meat , there are increasing numbers of these people , either cutting down on meat or trying not to eat it where possible , but without necessarily ever calling themselves " vegetarian " .
Mintel categorises 23 % of the population as meat - reducers , people attempting to eat less meat , probably mainly for health reasons .
Another factor is climate change - livestock rearing produces methane , which is 23 times more powerful than carbon dioxide in global warming terms , according to Lord Stern .
It identifies 10 % as meat - avoiders , people who plan to eat little or no meat but sometimes lapse , and who might well accept the ethical basis of vegetarianism .
" More than a quarter of people say they eat less meat than they did five years ago .
There is a shifting change in the diet , " says Ms Gellatley .
" A third of our membership are meat reducers . "
Many people will start by giving up red meat for health reasons , then give up white meat , and so on .
Despite initially doing it for non-ethical reasons , these people can then take on the philosophical mantle , says Ms Gellatley .
But despite the health messages about certain kinds of meat , and the arguments over the amount of energy it takes to produce meat , the vast majority in the UK still eat meat .
And one - fifth , according to Mintel , like to have meat every day .
Send us your comments using the form below .
I agree with humane farming methods .
In my mind a vegetarian who eats battery - farmed eggs causes more suffering than someone who eats a chicken killed after being raised humanely .
Working on this assumption , game is probably the best meat to eat .
Andrew , Malvern , UK I 'm a pescetarian , and always identify myself as one , since it 's fundamentally different from being vegetarian .
However , most people have no idea what the term pescetarian means , even if they are already following that diet , so I always end up having to explain it as " like a vegetarian , but I also eat fish " .
In my experience about half of the people who identify themselves as vegetarian have some kind of caveat to add .
As the pescetarian diet is becoming much more common it would be nice if people could embrace the name and allow it to become as recognised as the vegetarian diet .
Emma , Bristol , UK A far more common conversation is : " I do n't eat meat but I do eat fish " " Oh , you 're vegetarian then . "
" No , vegetarians do n't eat fish " " Really ?
All the ones I know do " Still , it 's nice that people are eating less meat .
Kate , York , UK
And let 's not forget that proportion of people , who describe themselves as veggie , whose only adherence to vegetarianism is that they do n't eat red meat - those who think it 's OK to eat chicken for example ( you know who you are ! ) .
I have my own term for them : fauxgetarians .
LL , Surrey I class myself as vegetarian , but I still eat products than contain gelatine .
I do not like the taste or texture of meat , rather than not eating it for environmental issues .
It should n't matter what people label themselves as as long as their diet is healthy and they get all the nutrients they need .
Fay , Essex I 'm a flexi-vegan , I 've always eaten honey and butter ( less processed than margarine ) .
I wear my old leather shoes ( though I do n't buy new ones ) and woollen jumpers .
I 'll also eat a bit of cheese now and then - largely for convenience to myself and to others , to be able to share their food and not have too many pots on the stove at the same time .
But if I cook myself , then it 's vegan .
I too started for health reasons , and took to the ethics easily .
Stephen Lawrence , Cambridge , England Worldwide fish stocks are at a critically low - level some of our favourite food species are actually in dire need of protection .
Eating something ' healthy ' like wild Blue - Fin Tuna is probably the equivalent to chowing down on a wild Panda .
Simply put the less meat ( from any creature ) you eat , the better for you and everyone else .
Geoff Evans , Manchester , England I was raised vegetarian , by a strict veggie mum .
I tried meat , at 13 I became a strict veggie until aged 19 .
Now my partner and I refer to ourselves as ' ethical meat eaters ' , and we do n't eat that much of it !
The issue of fish has been a headache for my mother for years , she has consistently been fed fish at conferences .
The veggie society now provides discrete cards which you can leave at restaurants with this misconception
Ruth Humphreys , Birmingham , West Mids .
" We were fed fish .
It 's important for your brain to have oily fish [ when young ] .
When I became a proper vegetarian I started to get quite ill and tired . "
This statement shows that even amongst vegetarians there is still a large amount of mis-information .
The essential fatty acids found in fish can also be found in a vegetarian diet - minus heavy metal contamination - it is lack of information that causes ill health , vegetarians must educate themselves properly .
I have been vegetarian for over 20 years , do not eat fish and do not feel " ill and tired " because I take care to eat a properly balanced diet .
Jane , Brighton , England
It amuses me that people are so desperate to apply a label to their personality and lifestyle .
Why can't we just follow our own beliefs and be done with it ?
Benjamin , Skegness Name
Your e-mail address
Town / city and country
Your comment
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Matthew Derby has an MFA in writing from Brown University .
His stories have appeared in Conjunctions , Fence , 5 Trope , Pindeldyboz , and Failbetter , and he is Associate Fiction Editor at 3rd Bed .
He also contributed to the debut issue of The Believer .
His first book , a collection of stories entitled Super Flat Times , has recently been released .
He and his wife live in Providence , Rhode Island .
Super Flat Times has been characterized as " an incredibly post - modern and Orwellian sci - fi novel " that is " almost impossible to describe . "
Perhaps we could start this off by having you describe the book and give some thoughts on being compared to Orwell .
it ’s a collection of short stories , all set during an historical period that has not yet occurred , one in which a great many people are killed off in secret by the government .
Each story represents the final thoughts of a victim of this genocide , and the stories themselves have been collected and archived by a translator some years after the end of the super flat times .
i think that the book has been compared with orwell because …wait , i actually have no idea .
it ’s sort of a demented comparison , is n’t it ?
i think the publishers just wanted to contextualize the book a little , to prepare it for a potential readership .
because i feel ( or perhaps ‘ hope ’ is the more accurate term ) that it ’s actually closer in spirit and form to a lydia davis collection , but maybe there is not so much crossover in terms of audience .
or maybe the comparison has more to do with the fact that , just as 1984 was actually a book about post - war britain , i think that super flat times is a book about the present , but with the navigational parameters tweaked a bit .
i read and was taken by 1984 when i was in junior high , but i did n’t look at it again until after i was done with SFT .
i was surprised to find a lot of thematic similarities , but i ca n’t claim that these were intentional .
i did look at the film Logan ’s Run a great deal while writing the book , and not enough people are comparing SFT to that ( hint : more people should do this ) .
I tried to study some depictions of the future that seem dated and outmoded from a contemporary perspective , because i wanted to investigate the space in which our idea of the future ( which is a thing that , by definition , does n’t actually exist – it is nothing more than a conceptual repository for the narrative arcs we make for ourselves ) comes up against our actual experience of the future as it crystallizes into the present .
i think we deal with the relentless disappointment we experience as the illusion of the future becomes the reality of the present by guffawing at our past illusions , when in fact those depictions are the only real - world evidence we have of our past aspirations .
there ’s something very heartbreaking and true about these artifacts .
You have an MFA from Brown , where you ’ve also taught creative writing .
How did you end up there ?
What would you tell someone who is considering going into debt for an advanced degree in creative writing ?
i applied to brown after finding out that carole maso taught there – i think she was director of the program at the time .
anyway , i had just discovered her book The Art Lover and had been pretty blown away – stylistically , it was such a radical departure from anything i’d previously come to know as literature .
at that point , i had never seen anything like it .
i’d read some barthelme , but i was n’t really aware of the full spectrum of narrative possibility , so that book had a really destabilizing effect .
i felt i really needed to work with her .
i do n’t know how i actually got into the program , though , because my writing sample was really weak .
i guess i was just tremendously lucky .
i would n’t apply to a grad program unless it offered funding of some sort – it ’s a great resource for writers to have a few years to write and get paid , but i think it would be pretty risky to chuck a whole lot of money into a program that has very little to offer in terms of financial rewards afterward .
you ’re much better off taking a stupid , meaningless job and writing frantically for two years .
you ’ll probably learn more about what it means to write , especially if you work in an ugly , dingy city in the midwest .
or utica , ny .
How long ago did you start writing these stories ?
Were they affected by your teaching ?
i started writing them just before i graduated from brown , in 1999 .
i do n’t think they were affected by my teaching – why , do they look like that ?
The website for Super Flat Times is quite compelling and unique .
( I especially like the " deleted scenes " feature . )
What was your involvement , if any , in making that site ?
thanks !
i built the whole thing myself , except for the audio portion of the deleted scenes , which were recorded by my friends tim heidecker and eric wareheim .
i spent a ridiculous amount of time working on the site , and i’m not really sure why .
maybe it was a way of dealing with the terribly anxious period between the completion of the book and the printing – a period in which i do n’t think i was able to write a single useful line of prose .
i guess i also enjoy working with flash – i can’t play video games in my free time – i keep dying .
i’ve died so many times in a single afternoon … anyway , working with multimedia stuff is i guess what i do with my free time instead of playing video games .
looking back , i probably should n’t have invested so much time in it – i mean , it ’s a website .
Some of your stories have appeared in online journals such as failbetter.com .
You used to run a literary site called Impossible Object .
Has the world of digital publishing had a significant effect on your writing style ?
How do you see the evolution of web literature unfolding over the next decade or so in relation to traditional publishing outlets ?
i do n’t think that the internet has changed the way i write , necessarily , but it certainly has opened up a new set of possibilities for myself and other writers in terms of finding an audience , and i think that has had a pretty profound impact .
when i started writing , there were very few feasible options in terms of publishing work , and even then , the feasibility was questionable .
there was also a predictability – i was n’t aware , then , of journals like conjunctions or grand street , and everything else was just too… agrarian .
every lit journal i was exposed to was named after a tree , or an antique milliner ’s tool , or something having to do with the ocean .
i would have been a little embarrassed to place my work in one of those journals .
i’m going to get misty eye ’d and very sentimental here , but the internet , even early on , facilitated a much broader , more engaging and complex discourse .
my work would never have been published anywhere ten years ago ( although maybe that would have been a good thing ) , but it found a readership in a group of similarly disgruntled , displaced readers who wanted something else .
Your book is most prominently blurbed by Heidi Julavits , who is co-edits The Believer , a new magazine from Dave Eggers which has been a topic of much discussion on Identity Theory and other literary websites .
You happen to have a story in The Believer ‘s debut issue .
What are your impressions of that magazine ’s ideals , and , more broadly , of this whole Eggers phenomenon ?
heidi julavits is an immortal .
she , vendela vida , and ed park are all working their asses off on the believer .
i was visiting ben and heidi recently and there were proofs of the magazine all over the place – their apartment looked like …a place with a lot of papers everywhere .
we ’d be having a conversation and she ’d fire off these brilliant , lucid observations while proofreading a piece she ’d just picked up off the floor .
her devotion to the project is really stirring .
i think the believer is an astounding piece of work – it ’s the sort of magazine i’ve always wished i could get my hands on .
i do n’t read most magazines , so i do n’t know what else is out there , but i do n’t think the believer really has a peer , does it ?
except , perhaps , for mcsweeney’s ?
i do n’t know much about dave eggers , just that a. ) he ’s written two books that i’ve enjoyed immensely ; b. ) he edits a phenomenal journal ; and c. ) he gets a lot of people really riled up , some in a good way , some in a bad way , about literature and our relationship to it .
i think that , in itself , is an accomplishment .
i do n’t want to come off as an apologist , as i know it ’s a highly charged topic of debate , but one ca n’t really deny that he ’s out there , doing this shit every day .
all i do is collect ebay feedback .
What are you reading these days ?
i just read Salvador by Joan Didion , and now i am reading White Teeth .
It seems to be commonplace for young writers to release a collection of stories and then follow it up with a novel .
Is this the case for you , and if so , when can we expect the novel ?
( If not , what the heck are you working on ? )
i do n’t think i’ll be able to write anything else .
i am really heavily in debt and in order to get something substantial written i’d need at least a few months of uninterrupted time .
so this is likely the last thing i’ll do , at least for a long time .
Bonus Question :
As a former Austinite , my eyebrows were raised when I saw that you ’re doing a reading at Emo ’s in Austin on May 15th .
This is not a typical literary venue .
What ’s going on there ?
Are you sure you can handle the pressure of performing on the same stage once used by the great Wesley Willis ?
i am shitting my pants .
neal pollack is running a reading series there , and he invited me .
i have never been farther south than virginia .
i’m certain i’ll be killed .
Washington
See Corrections & Amplifications item below
In a town drawn up by a Frenchman , a place brimming with people who hail from somewhere else and who do n't agree about much of anything , the Washington Redskins managed to attain something any professional sports franchise would kill for : a giant fan base that loved them unconditionally ....
This article was first published on Alternet.org
A group of water oligarchs in California have engineered a disastrous deregulation and privatization scheme .
And they ’ve pulled in hundreds of millions of taxpayer dollars without any real public outrage .
The amount of power and control they wield over California ’s most precious resource , water , should shock and frighten us — and it would , if more people were aware of it .
But here is the scary thing :
They are plotting to gain an even larger share of California ’s increasingly - scarce , over - tapped water supply , which will surely lead to shortages , higher prices and untold destruction to California ’s environment .
California is in year three of a fairly nasty dry spell .
And some very powerful forces are not letting this mini-crisis go to waste , fiercely lobbying Governor Schwarzenegger and Senator Dianne Feinstein , paying off corporate shills like Fox News ’
Sean Hannity and capitalizing on people ’s fear of drought to push a massive waterworks project that will pump more water , build more dams and keep sucking the state ’s rivers dry .
The fearmongering schtick goes like this : California is on the brink of a water crisis of cataclysmic proportions , with a life - or - death struggle just around the corner , pitting small farmers who want to save their livelihood against big city elitists who care more about the environment than they do about American jobs .
But in reality , this drought hysteria is nothing more than political theatrics , a scare tactic backed by big agribusiness to strong - arm California voters into building a multi-billion dollar system of dams and canals that would not really help small farmers — of which there are very few anyway — but would deliver more water to corporations , subsidize their landholdings , fuel real estate development and enable large - scale water privatization .
At its core , it is a war waged for water by California ’s megarich on everyone else .
The leader of these recent water privatization efforts in California is a Beverly Hills billionaire named Stewart Resnick .
Stewart and his wife , Lynda Resnick , own Roll International Corporation , a private umbrella company that controls the flowers - by - wire company Teleflora , Fiji Water , Pom Wonderful , pesticide manufacturer Suterra and Paramount Agribusiness , the largest farming company in America and the largest pistachio and almond producer in the world .
Roll Corp. was ranked # 246 on Forbes ’ list of America ’s largest private companies in 2008 and had an estimated revenue of $ 1.98 billion in 2007 .
They are a limousine liberal power couple .
Hyperactive in politics , business and philanthropy , the two raise huge amounts of cash for the Democratic party , donate to the arts , support education and hobnob with influential progressives like Arianna Huffington and the anti-global warming activist and producer of An Inconvenient Truth , Laurie David .
Stewart Resnick gave over $ 350,000 to the Gray Davis campaign and various anti-recall groups between 2000 and 2003 , a favor Governor Davis returned by appointing Resnick to co-chair his agriculture - water transition team .
A shrewd businesswoman , Lynda is credited with single - handedly creating the pomegranate health fad to sell her Pom Wonderful and catapulted Fiji Water to its recent success , one that environmentalists love to hate , as was recently documented in Mother Jones by Anna Lenzer .
But there is a gaping hole in most accounts of the jet - set Baby Boomer couple : their company , Roll International , is one of the largest , if not the largest , private water brokers in America .
Through a series of subsidiary companies and organizations , Roll International is able to convert California ’s water from a public , shared resource into a private asset that can be sold on the market to the highest bidder .
It all comes down to Stewart Resnick ’s involvement in the creation of a powerful but little - known entity called the Kern County Water Bank — an underground water storage facility at the center of a plan to bring deregulation to California ’s most important public utility : water .
According to a 2003 Public Citizen report titled “ Water Heist , ” the Kern County Water Bank is an underground reservoir in the hottest , driest , southernmost edge of the Central Valley with a capacity of 1 million acre-feet , enough to convert the entire state of Rhode Island into a swampland one - foot deep or supply the City of Los Angeles with water for 1.7 years .
The water bank was envisioned in the late ’ 80s by the Department of Water Resources as a safeguard against prolonged drought .
During wet years , it would serve as a repository for excess water coming in from Northern California and the Sierras , and pumped out in dry years .
California spent nearly a hundred million dollars to develop the underground reservoir and connect it to the state ’s public canals and aqueducts , but in 1995 , California ’s Department of Water Resources suddenly , and without any public debate , transferred it to a handful of corporate interests .
Here is how Los Angeles Times writer Mark Arax described it in 2003 :
The story of how the state ’s largest water bank — jump - started with $ 74 million in taxpayer money — ended up as an integral piece of the private empire of Stewart Resnick begins with a lawsuit , or at least the threat of it .
A seven - year drought ending in the early 1990s pitted Southern California water contractors , such as the Metropolitan Water District , against agricultural contractors , such as the Kern County Water Agency .
Each region made its case to the state , telling why it deserved to receive the water guaranteed by long - standing contracts .
In the drought ’s worst years , urban users got 30 % of the draw , while Kern farmers received less than 5 % .
In 1994 , agricultural and urban interests threatened to sue the state for nondelivery .
The main parties gathered in a closed - door meeting in Monterey to hash out a settlement .
Public interest groups , environmentalists and smaller water contractors — locked out of the meeting — cried foul .
When it was over , the very flow of California water had been redirected .
Redirected , as in “ privatized . ”
The details of the transfer are complicated and opaque , but , put simply , the State of California transformed a small number of corporate farmers into a de facto water oligarchy by signing over a massive water holding facility and the many billions of gallons of government - subsidized water that it could store .
Arcane and trivial as it may seem , the transfer of the water bank circumvented the usual resale restrictions placed on subsidized water purchased from the state .
After the water enters the Kern County Water Bank , it stops being a public resource that could otherwise be used to irrigate crops locally or sold on the free - market to the highest bidder .
The transfer privatized water without actually needing to do so explicitly .
But the secretive crew that met in Monterey did more than just privatize one underground water reservoir .
California ’s water oligarchy hammered out a plan that put them at the controls of the state ’s water market and gave them the ability to create non-existent water out of thin air .
The Monterey Amendments , as the revisions that emerged from the closed meetings came to be called , established a legal framework that , for the first time in history , made unregulated water commerce in California possible by creating the concept of “ paper water , ” which could be traded , transferred , divvied up and put on the books as easily as money in the bank or collateral on a loan without anyone having to transfer a drop .
It proved to be a blessing for land speculators during the housing boom that was just around the corner .
Every large real estate development in California has to prove that a secure water source will be available for the project decades into the future .
It was a requirement that , until “ paper water ” came along , posed a serious hurdle to developers building low - income suburban paradises in the Southern California desert .
Water is not a easy resource to come by in the West .
Underground sources are being depleted at a record pace and the state ’s aqueduct system , which pumps rainwater and snow that melts hundreds of miles south , does not have the capacity to support both exponentially growing sprawl and massive farming operations out in the desert .
Even if there were an abundance of virgin rivers to dam and redirect , the hundreds of millions of dollars such projects would cost would eat into the fat profit margins of real estate developers and bring suburban sprawl expansion to a crawl .
The “ paper water ” market banished this pesky problem once and for all .
From the mid-90s on , real estate developers could satisfy all their hydration needs by shopping for “ paper water , ” meaning that they were able to satisfy planning regulations simply by convincing a city or county to purchase virtual water rights .
They were n’t securing a real water supply , or even transferring a single ounce .
But it did n’t matter as long as the water was on their books .
Most urban dwellers would not be happy with the water even if it did arrive .
Because private water storage facilities are not subject to public oversight , “ paper water ” merchants are not required to adhere to basic water quality requirements , or even to test it .
Reports of polluted water being pumped out of private banks and contaminating clean water flowing in the aqueduct are rare only because no one cares to look .
In 2008 , water pumped out by one of the stakeholders in the Kern bank , Semitropic , had arsenic levels six times higher than federal EPA limits , which caused a plume of arsenic - tainted water to flow south down the state aqueduct towards Los Angeles County and surrounding districts , according to the Antelope Valley Press .
But development - crazed Southern California does not seem to care , and neither do the water merchants .
Real estate development needed “ paper water ” as a person in a vegetative state needs their IV drip .
And so , with no warning and negligible media attention , the Monterey Agreements created the strange , new and unregulated “ paper water ” market , not unlike mortgage - backed securities and other exotic debt instruments dreamed up by Wall Street , if only because the “ paper water ” market trades in pure fantasy and is built on deception .
For decades , California ’s water authorities have been in denial about the amount of water they can deliver to their customers .
Contractually , the state is obligated to deliver 4 million acre - feet a year .
( Los Angeles uses roughly 600,000 acre - feet a year ) .
But in reality , the state can only deliver half the water it promises .
Which means that half of the “ paper water ” being traded on the open market simply does not exist , and never has .
And everyone who deals in water knows it , too .
Naturally , this posed a problem .
Why would anyone buy water that did n’t exist ?
The Monterey Amendments got around this problem by making a few legal alterations that made the state explicitly accountable for its original water contracts , regardless of whether there was water or not .
This gave buyers the confidence to fuel real estate developments with non-existent water because the government was contractually obligated to bail them out , rain or shine .
Where will the state get that water ?
Well , it could take it away from small farmers , rural communities and anyone else who is poor and politically unconnected .
California ’s newly established “ paper water ” market was a speculator ’s wet dream .
It was a scam opportunity too promising for the deregulation con artists at Enron to pass up .
A few years after the Monterey Amendments , Enron apparently took a cue from the Kern bank , set up a water division , bought up a huge chunk of land in the Central Valley that sat atop a natural underground reservoir and started working on a water bank of their own .
But Enron ’s snake oil brain trust was scheming on a bigger , more global level .
Still in the grips of the Dot Com Bubble , Enron wanted to spark an Internet - based water trading revolution and launched a site that they hoped would become the etrade.com of H20 .
Called Azurix , it would function as an “ exchange on the Internet for buying , selling , storing and transporting water in the West , hoping to make water a traded commodity much like natural gas or electricity , ” the Wall Street Journal wrote in 2000 .
An e-water market where people could buy , sell , trade and speculate on water like any other tradeable commodity ?
It was the kind of delusional that only people in the grips of a speculative boom centered on the limitless possibilities of a technological revolution could believe in .
To think that you could wake up in Shanghai , check out a few weather forecasts and purchase a few million gallons of California water , aiming to buy wet and sell dry — a scam built on insane dreams .
A few years later , Azurix went belly up .
But while Enron ’s futuristic vision of water speculation may have come before its time , a more modest version of the water trade was thriving in the Golden State , and it apparently owed it all to one man : Stewart Resnick .
Public Citizen ’s “ Water Heist ” report uncovered evidence that the Beverly Hills farmer was instrumental in the privatization of the Kern Water Bank .
Not surprisingly , Resnick ’s Paramount Farms emerged with a majority stake in the venture .
In fact , Resnick ’s farm empire controls the Kern Water Bank so thoroughly that it is not easy to discern where Paramount ends and the Kern Water Bank begins .
The Kern Water Bank Authority , which administers the bank , is located in Paramount ’s corporate office building outside of Bakersfield , California .
This has brought in massive profits to owners of the Kern bank at taxpayers ’ expense , and frequently involve nothing more than buying water at subsidized rates from the state , then turning around and selling it back to a different government agency for a tidy profit .
Just as the Federal Reserve allows banks to borrow money from taxpayers so they can reap huge profits by lending it right back to the masses at a higher rate , the Kern bank allows a handful of corporate farmers to sell a public resource back to the public at markup .
According to Public Citizen , in 2001 , the Kern County Water Bank bought subsidized water from the State Water Project at $ 161 an acre- foot and flipped it back to the state ’s Environmental Water Account for $ 250 an acre- foot , making a cool $ 6.3 million for its owners — just for having the right friends in the right places .
The Environmental Water Account ( EWA ) was set up in 2000 by the state of California to protect salmon populations in the Sacramento Delta .
In dry periods , when Delta water levels would drop below a critical level and pumping stations would start slurping up too many fish and grinding them into mush , the state would slow down pumping and supplement water deliveries by buying back water from whoever had any to spare .
The plan looked good on paper , but it turned into a very expensive and useless failure — but only for us and the fish .
For members of the Kern County Water Bank , who raked in nearly $ 40 million dollars by reselling water to the EWA from 2001 to 2004 , it worked out pretty well .
As majority stakeholder , Resnick took the lion ’s share of the profits .
A recent investigation by the Contra Costa Times revealed that even as its fish populations teetered on the brink of extinction , California pumped “ unprecedented amounts of water out of the Delta only to effectively buy some of it back at taxpayers expense . ”
From 2000 to 2007 , California spent $ 200 million on buying water for the EWA , of which Stewart Resnick ’s subsidiary companies skimmed 20 cents of every dollar for a total profit of $ 40 million in seven years .
With such gracious help from taxpayers , it is no wonder the Resnicks were able to build such a successful business empire .
“ For a program that was supposed to benefit the environment , it apparently did two things — it did n’t benefit the environment and it appears to have enriched private individuals using public money , ” said Jonas Minton , a water policy expert with the Planning and Conservation League , a California environmental advocacy group , as quoted by the Contra Costa Times .
In a 2008 interview with the New Yorker , Stewart Resnick said he initially got into farming in 1978 as a hedge against inflation .
Either he was feigning naivete , or he must have quickly realized that he stumbled upon the money - making opportunity of his life , one that helped grow Paramount Farms into an agribusiness empire .
While California ’s farming industry was steadily shedding land and farms all through the 90s , the Resnicks were expanding production and acreage , nearly doubling their cultivated land holdings just in the three years after the Monterey Agreements .
But the profiteering off California ’s environment - friendly water program by Resnick and the rest of the Kern Water Bank crew is chump change compared to the profits water merchants like him can make by selling paper water to real estate developers in the semi-desert wastelands of Southern California .
Take the deal that went down this summer between a farmer with a stake in the Kern bank and a McTractHome paradise in the Mojave Desert , 100 miles east of Los Angeles .
For roughly $ 73 million , the Mojave Water Agency acquired permanent rights to 14,000 acre - feet of water pumped out of the Sacramento Delta and delivered via the State Aqueduct , enough water to flood an area the size of San Francisco six inches deep or hydrate up to 30,000 families for a whole year .
The farmer selling the water was not really a “ farmer ” in the poor , homesteading , buck - toothed sense of the word , but a private Bay Area - based company called Sandridge Partners owned by the Vidovich family .
In addition to running a lucrative cotton and almond growing operation in the heart of the Central Valley , the Vidoviches also control a small real estate empire in the Silicon Valley , building and managing estate developments : office complexes , condominiums , mobile home parks , hotels and shopping centers .
John Vidovich , the current patriarch of the family business , and his wife Lydia live in an $ 11.4 million Los Altos Hills home .
Hilly , wooded and overlooking the bay just south of San Francisco , it ’s one of the ritziest places to live in Northern California and the 8th most expensive zip code in America .
( The president of Resnick ’s Paramount Farms , Joseph MacIlvane , rubs shoulders with the Vidovich family , sharing a post on the board of directors of the Dudley Ranch Water District , a private water district that owns 9.62 % the Kern bank , along with John Vidovich . )
Despite — or maybe because of — the family ’s extreme wealth , Sandridge Partners is one of the top welfare queen - farmers in the country .
In 2007 , it received $ 1 million in federal farm subsidies , more than any other farmer that year , raking in an additional $ 6.8 million between 1995 and 2006 , according to the Environmental Working Group .
Known as “ direct payments , ” the subsidies are made each year mostly to growers of corn , wheat , rice and cotton , with payout amounts based on past production , sometimes even regardless of whether the crops are still being grown .
But their $ 73 - million water deal shows that farm subsidies are n’t the only , or even the most , lucrative handout that has the Vidoviches living well .
The money paid out via farm subsidies pale in comparison to the massive profits that can be reaped from simply reselling the heavily taxpayer subsidized water they receive from the state .
According one state water official , the Vidovich ’s $ 5,200 per acre - foot deal with the Mojave Water Agency was nearly double previous record price paid for water in California .
Just look at these profit margins : these days , Central Valley farmers buy water from California ’s Department of Water Resources for a heavily - subsidized $ 100 to $ 500 per acre - foot , while city slickers in San Francisco pay around $ 8,500 for the same water .
With this kind of discount , Vidoviches could score a ten- to fifty - fold spread on their purchase - to - sale price .
Even if they paid the maximum price of $ 500 per acre - foot , the water they sold to the Mojave Desert for $ 73 million would have only cost them $ 7 million .
That ’s $ 66 million in pure profit , and all they have to do is let a couple of hundred acres of almond groves wither and let California taxpayers , their ritzy Los Altos Hills neighbors included , fill up their bank accounts .
Shocking as this textbook example of transfer of wealth is , it is neither an isolated incident nor a freak loophole .
It was the intended effect of the deregulation and privatization of water hashed in Monterey almost 15 years ago , which transformed water into a truly liquid asset that could be traded with ease on the market .
( In 2002 , the Sacramento Bee estimated that members of the Kern County Water Bank made at least $ 128 million from water sales to other cities and counties , which the paper admitted was an incomplete and low - ball figure . )
“ Think of the Bank of America , the way it operates with dollars , that ’s the way we operate with water , ” said Jonathan Parker , general manager of the Kern Water Bank Authority .
“ What we do is provide a service .
We store water at cost and then take water out of the ground , at cost .
They pay us to provide that service in the least expensive manner . ”
Parker was quoted in 2003 .
With all the bank bailouts that happened since then , the money - bank to water - bank analogy works even better .
The Kern Water Bank shifts the cost for its water onto taxpayers and shifts all of the profits it makes by selling the water to itself .
As it turns out , the money - making ideology of “ nationalizing losses , privatizing profits ” is no longer limited to Wall Street , and has n’t been for a long time .
It ’s all part of the business plan for California ’s corporate farmers , and a glimpse into the future of California ’s water trade .
This is the backdrop against which the hysterics and fearmongering of California ’s water debate are being played out .
The drought has been getting increasing political and media attention in recent months .
At the core of the discussions are plans for a multi-billion dollar Peripheral Canal , a huge aqueduct that would be constructed to bypass the dying Sacramento Delta and tap into fresh water further upstream with supposedly less harm .
It sounds nice on paper .
But in reality , the Peripheral Canal is a water privatization con that would move water over to Central Valley water bankers and balloon California ’s already over - leveraged “ paper water ” market .
Governor Schwarzenegger has been trying to push the project through California ’s legislature for months , and has received ample support from both sides of the isle .
In September , Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein backed the governor and badgered the Obama administration to step in and help California ’s struggling farmers , going as far as including a letter personally written by Stewart Resnick in one of her communiques .
In it Resnick went after Obama officials for siding with environmental interests over those “ struggling ” farmers .
That same month , second - rate FOX news anchor Sean Hannity jetted to Fresno to lead an AstroTurf campaign — complete with paid Latino “ protesters ” and funded by the PR firm Burson - Marsteller , which has done work for a wide range of evil clients , from the tobacco industry to Blackwater to the junta in Argentina — and push for exactly the same thing .
Hannity is n’t losing any sleep for backing Resnick ’s “ liberal ” agenda .
The Peripheral Canal is backed by powerful corporate interests regardless of party affiliation .
Of course , the profit drive of corporate America is relentless .
And we , the people , have short lives and short memories .
And that ’s the funny thing : this is n’t even a new scam .
“ The Peripheral Canal had been a top priority of the water interests for forty years , ” wrote the late and much admired Marc Reisner in 1986 in his book Cadillac Desert , one of the most eye - opening and sweeping histories of water use in the American West .
It was part of Governor Pat Brown ’s original master plan for the California Aqueduct , the baby he pushed through in 1960 .
His son , Jerry Brown tried to finish what his dad started when he took the governor ’s seat in the mid-late 70s .
But Gov. Brown ’s attempt to get it passed collapsed amid a worsening economy and a wet year .
Reisner chronicles the infighting , corruption , fraud and blatant media manipulation of public opinion that took place when corporate interests launched an all - out , yet ultimately unsuccessful , blitz to convince the Californian people that apocalypse would be at hand if the Peripheral Canal was not built 25 years ago .
Now , three decades later California ’s legislature is trying to hammer out exactly the same plan , which is as much about opening up more farm land as it is about securing more paper water to fuel suburban sprawl in the desert .
And the corporate powers - that - be are using the exact same strategy — fear — to convince California taxpayers to finance their personal wealth .
Read Part II : Billionaire Thugs Scheme To Pull Off Katrina - style Wealth Transfer That Could Destroy California
Would you like to know more ?
Read Yasha Levine ’s “ Dr Pepper ’s Wet Dream : Water , Government Subsidies and Transfer of Wealth in the Middle of the Desert ” and check out Public Citizen ’s report , “ Water Heist : How Corporations Are Cashing in on California ’s Water ” by journalist John Gibler .
Yasha Levine is a mobile home inhabitin’ editor of The eXiled .
He is currently stationed in Victorville , CA .
You can reach him at levine [ at ] exiledonline.com .
If you 're too busy to remember to eat , your stomach will remind you it 's time to refuel by growling .
This is called " borborygmi . "
Have you ever wondered why it happens ?
Your GI tract is powered by involuntary muscle contranctions .
After you 've eaten , your gastrointestinal muscle contracts and relaxes in order to move food from your stomach into the intestines .
When the GI tract has finished digesting a meal , it continues to process the liquids and gasses remaining in the intestines .
This process often causes your stomach to rumble when you 're hungry .
Stomach growling is caused by intestinal contractions squeezing and popping intestinal gasses .
Actually , stomach rumbles are simply flatulence that stays inside the body .
The same contractions that cause your stomach to growl also clean out the GI tract .
To see how this cleaning movement works , picture a long hose made of a pliable material .
If there were an object , say an egg , at one end of the hose , you could push it from that end to the other by squeezing all along the length of the hose .
This is how the GI tract keeps itself clean .
In order to push out bits of food particles left over from a meal , your gastrointestinal tract creates waves of contractions all along the length of the intestines at a rate of two or three per minute .
All of this activity in your GI tract when you 're hungry can be very noisy , as anyone who has been in the middle of a pre-lunch meeting when stomachs started rumbling can tell you .
Read More :
Thanks to @abc3d for tweeting this link on ReadWriteWeb for the Wikitude Android Augmented Reality open API
One thing to not forget in all this is that whilst we can augmented physical locations with information we can also augment virtual locations in the same way .
So not only are the virtual worlds visual databases and user created content wikis that can be used to provide information out to the real world , they are also clients that can receive augmented data from multiple locations .
The mobile phone magic window application clearly has some future , but there is so much more we can do too 🙂
Do n’t forget we can also augment our reality by creating physical instances of things with rapid fabrication and 3d printers too .
Wash away those cave paintings people .
Producer Barrie Osborne cast Keanu Reeves as the messiah in The Matrix and helped defeat the dark lord Sauron in his record - breaking Lord of the Rings trilogy .
Now the Oscar - winning American film - maker is set to embark on his most perilous quest to date : making a big - screen biopic of the prophet Muhammad .
Budgeted at around $ 150 m ( £ 91.5 m ) , the film will chart Muhammad 's life and examine his teachings .
Osborne told Reuters that he envisages it as " an international epic production aimed at bridging cultures .
The film will educate people about the true meaning of Islam " .
Osborne 's production will reportedly feature English - speaking Muslim actors .
It is backed by the Qatar - based production company Alnoor Holdings , who have installed the Muslim scholar Sheikh Yusuf Al - Qaradawi to oversee all aspects of the shoot .
In accordance with Islamic law , the prophet will not actually be depicted on screen .
" The film will shed light on the Prophet 's life since before his birth to his death , " Ahmed Abdullah Al - Mustafa , Alnoor 's chairman , told al - Jazeera .
" It will highlight the humanity of Prophet Muhammad . "
The as - yet - untitled picture is due to go before the cameras in 2011 .
It remains to be seen , however , whether it will be beaten to cinemas by another Muhammad - themed drama .
Late last year , producer Oscar Zoghbi announced plans to remake The Message , his controversial 1976 drama that sparked a fatal siege by protesters in Washington DC .
The new version , entitled The Messenger of Peace , is currently still in development .
Google has acquired reCAPTCHA , which provides CAPTCHA technology for more than 100,000 Web sites .
reCAPTCHA is a spinoff of Carnegie Mellon University 's computer science department .
A CAPTCHA is a bit of text that Web sites use to verify that it 's indeed a human being on the other end of the line -- not a spam robot or computer .
( Though they 're not 100 % secure , CAPTCHAs tend to block out most spam .
We use reCAPTCHA , for example , on our anonymous tips form . )
The twist in the deal that could help Google is that many of reCAPTCHA 's words come from scanned newspapers and old books .
By having humans type the scanned words into reCAPTCHA , they get help reading the scanned text .
This could be helpful for Google 's book scanning project .
Creator Luis von
Ahn will remain on the CMU computer science faculty , but will also work at Google 's Pittsburgh office .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Barack Obama , the Fed , Hitler , Marxism , the government seizing control of health care , ACORN .
Somehow all of this came together at a town hall meeting held in Tavares , Florida , on Monday night by Rep. Alan Grayson ( D - Fl. ) , when dozens of Teabaggers , those rightwing activists associated with the so - called Tea Party movement , showed up to slam Grayson and vent their anger at a political world — that is , their version of it .
Two weeks ago , Grayson argued on the House floor that Republicans ’ health care plan amounted to “ do n’t get sick , ” and if you do , “ die quickly . ”
Grayson quickly became a hero for Democrats , and a target for GOPers .
He later explained that he was being facetious , but the dozens of protesters outside this event were not the least bit amused .
And despite the Beltway blather , it was n’t really Grayson ’s comments that had the protesters fired up .
They had been mad long before Grayson said what he said .
Jason Hoyt , Jim Jones , and Tom Tillison , three of the protesters , each explained that they were n’t there to protest Grayson ’s comments .
They were angry about Grayson ’s support for H.R. 3200 , the tri-committee health care reform bill that may soon pass the House of Representatives .
All three said they had attended the Glenn Beck - and Fox News - encouraged 9/12 demonstration in Washington , DC last month , before Grayson made his famous speech .
9/12 is sort of the Teabaggers ’ Woodstock : everyone says they were there , and even though the reasonable crowd estimates were around 70,000 , Jones assured me that two million people showed up .
( That ’s just not true . )
Chuck Colley , who said he ’s new to the Tea Party movement , told me that the President , who he called “ Ali Baba , ” is “ ruining this country ” by creating problems “ so he can invoke more government . ”
Obama “ wants to be the Marxist leader of this country , ” the “ Hitler , ” Colley said .
The rest of the Teabaggers ( every protester I spoke to said he was a member of or otherwise affiliated with the “ Tea Party Patriots ” ) mostly had gripes that had little to do with Grayson ’s comments or the actual state of political debate in Washington .
Instead , they railed against the usual bogeymen : a government takeover of health care ( not happening ) , Barack Obama ( plotting socialist overthrow ) , and the Federal Reserve ( a target they share with Grayson , who has cosponsored a bill to audit the Fed ) .
None of the protesters I spoke with was particularly well informed .
Jones did n’t appear to know that Grayson wanted to audit the Fed , even as he was telling me that the economic meltdown was the Fed ’s fault .
Hoyt , who brought a cardboard cutout of Grayson to the rally , could n’t say why the cutout had a “ Congressman from ACORN ” button on its suit pocket .
Jones , Hoyt , and Tillison each voiced support for Patricia Sullivan , a local Tea Party leader who is running against Grayson .
Soon enough , Sullivan was there , too , talking up reporters .
“ It sounds like someone is off their medicine , ” she said , referring to Grayson .
“ [ He ’s ] not thinking clearly . ”
Sullivan ’s congressional run may not have the backing of the Republican establishment , but she clearly has some organizing skills : on her campaign site , Sullivan claims to have organized two 1,000 - person tea parties .
But there could n’t have been more than 100 protesters , despite a pre-protest “ tailgate ” that was organized for the time leading up to the Grayson event .
There were counter - protesters .
Bob Jenner was sporting a fedora and holding up a sign that said Grayson : n. , backbone .
While most Tea Partiers were careful about what they said to reporters , they did n’t always keep their muttering to themselves .
“ He ’s a teacher , ” one said of Jenner ( who is ) .
“ That explains his socialist tendencies . ”
Another speculated that something about Jenner ( his sign ?
his hat ? ) would “ be good for target practice . ”
Jenner , who was being interviewed at the time , did n’t catch the thinly - veiled threat .
The town hall itself was fairly uneventful .
The vast majority of the Teabaggers did n’t make it in , and those that did were quickly disarmed by Grayson ’s stunningly softspoken manner ( or perhaps intimidated by his 6 ’ 4 ” frame and rumors of lycanthropy ) .
Besides , everyone already knew what everybody else thought .
They ’d settled that outside , with chants and counterchants .
“ Grayson tells the truth ! ” the Dems hollered .
” He lies ! ” the Tea Partiers would shout back .
So while it may have been Alan Grayson ’s town hall , Joe Wilson was definitely there in spirit .
The most senior United Nations official in Afghanistan today acknowledged that " widespread fraud " had marred Afghanistan 's presidential election , but denied allegations from his sacked second - in - command that he had attempted to cover up evidence of cheating .
With days to go until the final result of the August election , Kai Eide , the head of the UN mission in Kabul , admitted there had been " significant fraud " .
He said that the claims made by Peter Galbraith , the American diplomat sacked earlier this month , had " affected the entire election process " .
The report of a fraud investigation is due in the coming days , which will decide the final outcome of the voting that took place more than seven weeks ago .
A western diplomat said it was " on a knife edge " whether enough fraudulent votes would be removed from the preliminary result to trigger a potentially difficult second round .
Public and international faith in the election plunged to at an all time low after the fraud allegations and the UN attempted to bolster credibility in the process today by surrounding Eide with leading ambassadors at the stage - managed press event .
Although the US , British , French and German ambassadors joined Eide for his attempt to set the record straight , none of them spoke and UN officials prevented journalists from asking them questions .
Eide said their presence was a " sign of international support " for his approach .
Galbraith had claimed that his former boss failed to stop polling stations from opening in areas that were too dangerous for monitors to visit .
Eide said that he had been backed in his decision keep as many polling stations open by the main western powers , who were anxious not to disenfranchise voters .
" We all understood that if we pre-emptively removed 1,200 polling centres we would prevent a large number of voters , primarily Pashtun , from voting . "
He said that would have created " an important element of instability in the country " .
The Norwegian diplomat also defended himself against allegations that he banned his staff from handing over evidence collected on polling day that showed that actual voter turnout was far lower than the reported result .
Eide said that some of the information was not in a fit state to hand over to the relevant authorities .
" It was often second or third - hand information and some changed from day to day .
It is important to me that when information is shared and provided by the UN it must have the level of solidity that can make it authoritative , " he said , adding that it would have been a " conflict of interest " for the UN to act as an observer in an election it helped to run .
Western diplomats are anxious to shore up support for the poll as the Election Complaints Commission , a watchdog led by non-Afghan staff , prepares to unveil the results of an investigation it ordered into electoral fraud .
Around 10 % of the 3,498 ballot boxes regarded as suspicious have been inspected by election staff looking for signs of irregularities .
Despite being the world ’s lingua franca , English is the most difficult European language to learn to read .
Children learning other languages master the basic elements of literacy within a year , but British kids take two - and - a - half years to reach the same point .
In the most extensive cross-national study ever , Philip Seymour of Dundee University and his team compared the reading abilities of children in 15 European countries .
They found that those learning Romance languages such as Italian and French progressed faster than those learning a Germanic language such as German and English .
“ Children do seem to find English particularly complex and problematic though , ” says Seymour .
The team focused on the earliest phase of learning to read .
They tested the children ’s ability to match letters to sounds , their capacity to recognise familiar written words , and their ability to work out new words from combinations of familiar syllables .
Seymour ’s findings might explain why more people are diagnosed as being dyslexic in English - speaking countries than elsewhere .
Advertisement
In languages where sounds simply match letters , some symptoms just would not show up , says Maggie Snowling , a dyslexia expert at the University of York .
The condition would be more difficult to diagnose in children who speak these languages , though subtle symptoms such as impaired verbal short - term memory would remain .
“ People might be struggling , but no one would notice , ” she says .
Consonant clusters
The Germanic languages are tricky because many words contain clusters of consonants .
The word “ sprint ” , for example , is difficult because the letter p is sandwiched between two other consonants , making the p sound difficult to learn .
Another feature of English that makes it difficult is the complex relationship between letters and their sounds .
In Finnish , which Seymour found to be the easiest European language to learn to read , the relationship between a letter and its sound is fixed .
However , in English a letter ’s sound often depends on its context within the word .
For example , the letter c can sound soft ( as in receive ) or hard ( as in cat ) .
Many words like “ yacht ” do n’t seem to follow any logic at all .
Historical accident
However , the things that make English difficult to read might have contributed to Britain ’s rich literary tradition .
Words like “ sign ” and “ bomb ” are difficult because of their silent letters , but these hint at relationships with other words .
The connection with words like “ signature ” and “ bombard ” is obvious .
Mark Pagel , an expert on language diversity at the University of Reading , acknowledges the irony that despite being the international lingua franca , English is the most difficult to learn .
The dominance of English has more to do with historical accident than any innate superiority of the language , he says .
“ People who speak English happen to have been the ones that were economically and politically dominant in recent history .
Those forces greatly outweigh any small difficulties in language acquisition . ”
He swept to office on the back of a promise to break with tradition .
But John Bercow , the Speaker of the Commons , has been accused of taking his shake - up of the role too far after he unleashed an attack on the British National Party .
Centuries of political impartiality demanded of the Speaker were rolled back in spectacular fashion by Mr Bercow yesterday , as he described the far - right party as " evil " , adding that it was a " poison which we could well do without " .
It is thought to be the first time that a Speaker has ever launched such an assault on a legal party .
Mr Bercow , who was in the Speaker 's chair to oversee the first ever UK Youth Parliament session taking place in the Commons , earned cheers and even a standing ovation from the delegates for his outburst .
" I 'm under absolutely no obligation whatsoever to be impartial as between the forces of democracy on the one hand and the forces of evil on the other , " he said .
" I do feel very , very , very strongly as someone from a Jewish background that the evil of the BNP is that its whole politics is based upon and driven by hate .
That is a poison which we could well do without . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
While the Speaker is always expected to remain independent while overseeing business in the Commons , Mr Bercow may be saved from censure because Parliament was not technically sitting .
The ornamental mace , which marks that the Commons is in formal session , was not in place during his comments .
Mr Bercow asked the delegates to reflect on history , during which political extremists had always sought to capitalise on discontent .
" The Nazis in Germany in the 30s , and the neo - Nazis today , seek to scapegoat whole communities as they peddle their message of hate and scurrilously appeal for support , " he said .
" They depend on either ignorance , or apathy .
And the counter to ignorance and apathy is education , interest and participation – all of which you have displayed today . "
Simon Darby , the deputy leader of the BNP , said the outburst was " quite shocking " and broke the rules of the office of Speaker .
" He is meant to be independent and this kind of outburst is quite extraordinary , " he said .
" We are hopeful of performing well at a general election and if he is still the Speaker , I do not see how he could possibly continue in the role .
He has jeopardised his position . "
Overseeing the Youth Parliament session , the first time non-MPs have ever been allowed to use the Commons , Mr Bercow said that MPs had been " vindicated " in allowing the chamber to be used by the 300 delegates , who were aged between 12 and 18 .
More than 100 were given the chance to speak in debates on tuition fees , crime , transport , the economy and the voting age .
A small group of Tory backbenchers had tried to block the move .
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
Photo courtesy of Jason HoustonGiven the ire I provoked in last year ’s turkey column , it ’s high time that this Grist columnist acknowledges that :
A. Meat - centric holidays such as Thanksgiving can be challenging for vegetarians and evoke all kinds of emotions — including , but not limited to , extreme irritation toward carnivores .
B . These carnivores are likely to get very defensive , harrassed by the guilty knowledge that even a heritage - breed , biodynamic , locally raised , and gently killed bird probably is n’t as environmentally or morally justifiable as a plant - based meal — even if that plant - based meal is highly processed , lavishly packaged , and distantly shipped .
C. Any moral high ground gained by having a plant - based Thanksgiving may become absolutely meaningless if you screw up a happy , festive experience with a protein centerpiece that looks gross , or worse yet , has a flavor capable of sending guests , carnivorous and non , in search of a Butterball .
These facts , combined with a directive from my boss , have led me into the world of fake turkey .
( Oh , I do it all for you , dear reader ! )
I went looking for a turkey - like main course that could please vegetarians and flummox the carnivores who insist that all faux meat sucks .
And so I assembled a broad panel of tasters : three former vegetarians ( including me , a former Michio Kushi - worshipping macrobiotic ) , one devout carnivore , and one actual full - fledged vegetarian ( 15 years running ) .
The panel also included four children , whose ages range from two to nine , and whose approaches to eating run from adventurous to upsettingly fussy .
Together we sampled several seasonal faux turkey products to see if any could produce the happy , bloated contentment of holidays past , whilst simultaneously embracing the spirit of change , earth - friendliness , inter - species kindness , and so forth .
How ’d we do ?
Read on .
Photo courtesy of Jason HoustonTofurky Vegetarian Feast
Ingredients :
Water , vital wheat gluten , organic tofu ( water , organic soybeans , magnesium chloride , calcium chloride ) , white beans , garbanzo beans , non genetically engineered corn starch , natural vegetarian flavor , expeller pressed non genetically engineered canola oil , shoyu soy sauce ( water , non genetically engineered soy beans , wheat , salt , culture ) , spices , lemon juice , calcium lactate from beets .
Price : $ 24.99 for a total of 3 lbs of food — “ turkey ” plus sides — from Whole Foods .
Note :
You can buy a single Tofurky roast , but I decided to splurge on the “ feast , ” which for some odd reason included not only a Tofurky giblet (! ) and mushroom gravy also but dumplings and a jerky wishbone .
( Who says vegetarians do n’t have a sense of humor ! )
Tasters were not sure whether to be comforted or disturbed by the fact that this product had a skin , which one taster described as smelling like “ art class . ”
All tasters struggled for texture descriptors for Tofurky ( motto : “ America ’s Leading Turkey Alternative Since 1995 ” ) , but the most evocative was “ squeaky on the teeth . ”
Two tasters described the taste as bologna - like and most concurred that this “ bird ” was salty .
Strangest overall comment : “ Carp would love this . ”
The most backhanded compliment came out of the mouth of a babe , who , to the chagrin of her parents , exclaimed “ It tastes like McDonald ’s Chicken McNuggets , and I like those ! ”
Quorn Turk ’y Roast
Ingredients : Mycoprotein ( 58 % ) , rehydrated egg white , pea fiber .
Contains 2 % or less of autolyzed yeast extract , onion powder , tapioca and potato maltodextrin , natural flavor from non-meat sources , salt , dextrose , gum arabic , calcium lactate , sage extract , canola oil , citric acid , garlic powder , pepper , sunflower & palm kernel oil
Price : $ 8.59 for 16 oz roast at my local grocery store
This product came highly recommended from Steven , the frozen foods manager at my favorite grocery store who also happens to be a bona fide vegetarian .
Indeed , our panel ’s own vegetarian taster admitted that she ate it “ voluntarily ” and deemed it the most turkey - like , juicy , and “ pure . ”
The devoted carnivore , meanwhile , agreed it was turkey - like , but added that it was “ dry , like an over - cooked turkey breast . ”
Overall , the group applauded Quorn ’s un-stuffed , putty - colored honesty :
As one taster put it , “ It ’s not trying too hard to be turkey . ”
Tellingly , this was the only faux turkey product that the kids wanted more of , asserting that it tasted either like chicken , or , weirdly , like pizza .
Thank god they did n’t know it was largely made from fungus .
Full disclosure :
The cooking directions called for this roast called for it to be cooked in its plastic “ film . ”
There was no way in hell I was going to heat food in plastic , so I wrapped it snugly in aluminum foil .
If this compromised the taste or texture in any way , we were none the wiser .
Field Roast Celebration Roast
Ingredients : Filtered water , vital wheat gluten , expeller pressed safflower oil , naturally flavored yeast extract , barley malt , butternut squash , organic wheat flour , granulated garlic , apples , mushrooms , onion powder , garlic organic wheat flakes , yellow pea flour , lemon juice , red wine , tomato paste , irish moss ( sea vegetable ) extract , black pepper , rubbed sage , rosemary , spices , natural liquid smoke and paprika .
Price : $ 7.99 for 1lb roast at Whole Foods
Though it ’s maketed as a “ roast , ” the manufacturer lists steaming as a method for getting this fist - sized , squarish product ready for the table .
I associate the holidays with roasting , but got over my cultural baggage and gave steaming a try .
The method wins points for quickness and ease — but probably did n’t help this product ’s texture , which inspired descriptions like “ unfortunate ” and was compared to rubber , cement , and — oxymoronically — “ dried pudding . ”
More than one taster declared its flavor spicy .
More specifically , tasters said it was like “ Vegeroni ” or “ varnished pine . ”
The most damning comment came from a kid who said , “ I would eat this for $ 10 . ”
Gardein Stuffed Turk ’y Roast
Ingredients :
Water , soy protein , vital wheat gluten , bread crumbs ( enriched wheat flour ( niacin , reduced iron , thiamine mononitrate , riboflavin , folic acid ) ) , dehydrated cranberries , natural flavors ( from plant sources ) , modified vegetable gum , potato starch , long grain white rice , wild rice , expeller pressed canola oil and / or safflower oil , dehydrated onion and garlic , parsley flakes , spices , pea protein , carrot fiber , organic beet root fiber , organic evaporated cane juice , sea salt .
Breading : modified corn starch , modified wheat starch , corn flour , wheat flour , sugar , toasted wheat crumbs , wheat gluten , sea salt , sugar , garlic powder , spice , onion powder , sunflower oil , dextrose , guar gum , yeast , extractives of paprika , caramel color .
Price : Time for a “ full disclosure . ”
I could n’t find this product at my local grocery stores or the nearest urban Whole Foods ( where it is allegedly found , seasonally ) , so I had to call up its Canadian producer and ask for some .
I do n’t normally like to take freebies because I think they compromise journalists , but I was in a jam and there you have it .
Oh , and they sent me some chicken -y items , too , that we did n’t have the time or room to taste .
Truth be told , after just four veggie products , my panel was pissing and moaning and very ready for pie to be served .
( Btw : It was this pie , made freshly by the Devout Carnivore . )
In any case , the suggested retail is $ 3.99 per individual Gardein Stuffed Turk ’y Roast .
Although this product looked like a “ dog treat , ” as one taster aptly put it , it was the runner - up to the Quorn roast , at least for the adult tasters who almost unanimously found the taste to be smoky or hot - dog like .
Most laudatory comment : “ Nice crunchy coating . ”
Most frustrated : “ What the f**k is in the middle ? ”
It fared dramatically worse with the kids , who reacted to it with terrible faces .
One child , perhaps owing to the fact that bedtime was approaching and dessert had not yet been served , even threw her chunk onto the floor and wailed that it tasted like “ rotten eggs . ”
Photo courtesy of Jason HoustonOne more disclosure : I also ordered a Stuffed Faux Turkey Breast from Café Indigo to see if a local ( New England , in my case ) and more boutique product ( $ 25 plus shipping ) was somehow tastier .
But because of a shipping snafu , this banana bread look - alike seitan “ breast ” did not arrive in time for the group tasting and therefore did not have the benefit of an expert wine - lit panel .
But I will say this about it : Seitan products are all more alike than they are different .
They tend to be chewy and , at least to me , they all smell like bullion .
The Bottom Line :
Do not , under any circumstances , let your dinner guests see any faux turkey products in pre-presentation form .
Use the time - honored technique for overcooked real turkeys : Serve it sliced and attractively fanned out , smothered with gravy and cranberry sauce , presented to appropriately hungry diners whose palates have been primed by way too much Beaujolais Nouveau .
In that spirit , consider the unpretentious and affordable Quorn roast .
Otherwise , consider starting an entirely new tradition , one that skips highly processed and packaged food products and bases the entire meal on , say , homemade pie .
There ’s a new Thanksgiving tradition I ’m sure vegetarians and carnivores could all agree on .
On Saturday night the so called “ Machida Era ” almost ended before it had fully begun as Mauricio ‘ Shogun ’ Rua matched him , and on the majority of people ’s scorecards , bested him over five rounds of tense action .
For his previous 15 fights Lyoto Machida had largely had things all his own way thanks to his unique style which we analyzed in depth in an article last week .
Undefeated , never having lost so much as a round in the UFC , and statistically only being hit once every 2 and a half rounds on his route to winning the light heavyweight title , Machida rightly went into his fight with Shogun full of confidence that he would emerge victorious .
What quickly became apparent in the opening rounds of the bout however was that Shogun had found at least a partial answer to the riddle of Machida ’s famed ‘ elusive ’ style .
By targeting his legs and body instead of just head - hunting , he successfully managed to strike the Karate master more times in a single round than most had managed in an entire fight .
At the same time Machida ’s most effective weapon – his lightning fast left cross , was being matched by Shogun ’s equally fast kicks , whilst his normally effective leg sweeps caused his opponent to stumble , yet not fall .
Whilst he was at no stage overwhelmed by Shogun – the rounds were , more often than not , close – it was clear that things were not going according to plan for Machida .
A couple of days later Machida would reflect on his performance by saying , “ Sometimes when you get in there , your strategy does n’t always work exactly like you planned it too . ”
There ’s nothing wrong with this admission , it is inevitable that one strategy will not be applicable in all instances .
The most famous text ever written on the subject of strategy – Sun Tzu ’s ‘ The Art Of War ’ makes an important point that seems relevant at this point .
“ Just as water adapts itself to the conformation of the ground , so in war one must be flexible ; he must often adapt his tactics to the enemy situation . ”
( Sun Tzu – Interpreted by Samuel B. Griffith ) .
The problem on Saturday night was that , despite knowing that his familiar evasive , counter - striking strategy was not working as planned , Machida persisted with it through all five rounds .
The question that now remains to be asked now is , why ?
Was it simply a belief that the game plan that had served him so well in the past would come good in the end , or – more worryingly , was it that after training and competing using one strategy for his entire career , that he now lack the ability to break free from the mold and adapt his style when the need arises ?
Only Machida himself knows for sure .
Some will say that it does not matter – in the end he did enough , in the judges eyes at least , to keep the belt .
Despite that , anyone who saw the surprised and at times bemused look on his face during the fight , his disappointed reaction at the final bell , or the glazed look in his eyes at the post - fight press conference , knows as well as he does that his style may not be as bullet - proof as it once appeared to be .
The challenge for Machida , who entered mixed martial arts with a hybrid of the Karate style that could be successful in the modern era of mixed martial arts , must now be to examine the weaknesses in his own game , and find a way to adapt and evolve it to meet the new challenges he faces both now , and in the future .
How successful he is in this regard may well be the deciding factor in how long “ The Machida Era ” can last .
Article By RossC
Pictures courtesy of sherdog.com
Rare Photos : Giant Squid Eaten by Sperm Whale
Catch a glimpse into a pod of sperm whales feeding on a giant squid .
As the trial date of former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic - charged with crimes against humanity - is fixed , the BBC's Allan Little finds he still retains some of his old power in a country divided by the past .
Some 8,000 Muslim civilians were killed in the Srebrenica massacre In Srebrenica they are still digging .
The old battery factory where a small battalion of Dutch peacekeepers once had their headquarters is now mostly derelict .
It is a sprawl of vast and echoing industrial hangars , damp and chilly in the encroaching winter .
This is one of the darkest places in contemporary Europe , full of ghosts .
I stood in the doorway of one of the hangars , sheltering from the rain and watched a mechanical digger scrape a little slit trench in the earth , looking for the bodies of five people who died from natural causes or committed suicide here in the middle of July 1995 .
That month , the Bosnian Serb army , lead by General Ratko Mladic , had marched down the road .
When his men got here , they rounded up the people .
The Dutch UN troops offered no protection , even to those inside their own base .
The men and older boys were separated from the women and children , and in the space of five days about 8,000 of them were murdered .
Fourteen years on , they are still finding the bodies .
' Flooding back '
There is an ossuary in the Bosnian town of Tuzla , which is grim enough to look at but worse still to smell .
Collections of bones are bagged up and stacked on shelves like books in a library .
We , as reporters , were also once subject to the intensity of the Karadzic persona
I turned my back on the digger and its careful probing of the damp earth and walked into the dankness of the hangar .
Shahida Abdul Rakman had agreed to join me there .
She was among the thousands who crammed themselves into this place in the hope that the Dutch UN peacekeepers , who were billeted here , might offer some protection .
" Every time I come back , the horror of it comes flooding back too , " she told me .
" Every now and then someone would come to the window with a rumour that the Serbs were coming and people would run into this corner , or that .
" I remember the sound of it , the feel of it , the fear of it all , " she said .
Most of the male members of Shahida 's family are buried in the cemetery across the road .
Bosnia today is a world of parallel truths .
A line on the map separates the Serb half , Republika Srpska , from the rest of the country .
A similar line runs through the hearts and minds of the people .
Cross it and you enter a universe in which the Srebrenica massacre never happened , or if it did , it was the work of someone else - a nefarious effort to discredit the Serbs .
' Sufficiently revered ' Radovan Karadzic is defending himself at the tribunal
The other day , former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic appeared in court at The Hague for his pre-trial conference .
It was the first time I had seen him in the flesh for 15 years .
He stood and chatted to a group of Dutch police officers in his effortless articulate English .
He seemed relaxed and untroubled .
He cracked a joke , made the officers laugh , and said something that might have been self - deprecating .
It was the same old Radovan Karadzic - affable and charming .
We , as reporters , were also once subject to the intensity of the Karadzic persona .
Somewhere I have in my possession a scrap of muddy paper bearing his signature .
" This is the BBC journalist Allan Little , " he had written in the half light of a storm lamp in his mountain headquarters .
" Please ensure that he is free to travel throughout the territory of the Serbian Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina , signed Dr Radovan Karadzic , President of the Serbian Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina . "
For the most part , the document worked , his name was sufficiently revered , his authority recognised .
Serb public opinion
It still is , for Radovan Karadzic sold the Serbs a narrative in which they were the true victims not the perpetrators .
And often they were - at least a quarter of those who died in the war were Serbs , many of them at Srebrenica .
The prosecution in The Hague alleges they died in the pursuit of a criminal enterprise .
Serb public opinion is not ready for this .
In Srebrenica we joined a group of Serbs at the Orthodox Church on the hill above the town centre .
They were there to celebrate an Orthodox Christian holy day .
They ate bean soup and grilled meat and drank homemade plum brandy .
They embraced us with a genuinely warm and touching hospitality .
Outside , the young men gathered with cans of beer and cigarettes .
To the throbbing techno beat of a backing track , they sang songs to the glory of the canon of Serb national leaders down the centuries , the last of these going by the name of Radovan Karadzic .
From loudspeakers mounted on stands , it echoed through the streets of the town from which 8,000 people were taken and murdered in the space of five days .
How to listen to : From Our Own Correspondent Radio 4 : Saturdays , 1130 .
Second weekly edition on Thursdays , 1100 ( some weeks only ) World Service :
See programme schedules Download the podcast Listen on iPlayer Story by story at the programme website
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Do českého sněmu přicházím téměř vždy s nepříjemným pocitem .
Rozhodně ale za to nem ůžou politici .
Už na vrátnici mě přivítá chladný recepční a stejně vřele to pokračuje o kus dál u stánku s novinami ( nikdo mi neodpoví na pozdrav ) , na tiskovém oddělení ( ta stejná paní zahalená do kouřového dýmu se mě už po milionté za sebou zeptá , odkud jsem a jak se jmenuji ) , v parlamentní restauraci ( opět mi nabízejí okoralé chlebíčky a diví se , že si ještě poptávám biobagetu , když přece vím , že všech deset hned po ránu mizí ) .
V podstatě každý nový předseda Poslanecké sněmovny sliboval , že sněm otevře veřejnosti a novinářům .
Pravda , ten současný vybudoval alespoň modernější tiskové centrum , ale to je tak asi vše .
Jinak v parlamentu dělají vše , aby vám znepříjemnili práci .
Před časem to začalo nevinně – nejdřív vykázali fotografy a kameramany z kuloárů ( místo , kde si můžete promluvit s jakýmkoli politikem nebo ho vyfotografovat ) , pak píšícím novinářům znemožnili chodit do dříve otevřených částí sněmu a nedávno z kuloárů odstěhovali všechna křesla .
Nejde ale jen o novináře .
Schválně si zkuste najít , o čem poslanci hlasovali a jak .
Systém na internetové stránce je udělaný tak nepřehledně , že je potřeba vzít si tři dny dovolené , aby se v tom laik zorientoval .
Za to , jak Poslanecká sněmovna vypadá a funguje , může hlavně jeden úplně neviditelný muž .
Věčně dobře naladěný kancléř Petr Kynštetr .
Od začátku devadesátých let přežil všechny politické turbulence a každého šéfa .
Nikdy nedal větší rozhovor , na webových stránkách parlamentu nelze najít ani jeho životopis .
Opravdu málo na muže , který řídí témě ř čty řsethlavý tým zaměstnanců sněmovny , jmenuje tajemníky komisí a výborů , má přístup na všechna jednání sněmovny a jejích orgánů , je odpovědný za hospodaření dolní komory , jeho jméno stojí na všech smlouvách o veřejných zakázkách …
Kdy ž chce člověk pochopit , proč je Poslanecká sněmovna tak nevstřícné a do sebe uzavřené prostředí , klíč k tomu drží právě kancléř Kynštetr .
S řadou delegát ů si za ty roky vytvořil vzájemně výhodný vztah .
Uzavírá pro ně sněmovnu před médii i veřejností a je odpovědný za neprůhledné hospodaření .
Své poslance kancléř věrně chrání : vytrvale odpaluje například žádosti o seznam poslaneckých asistentů , informace , který zákonodárce a jak často létá po práci za státní peníze domů letadlem a podobně .
Politici ho logicky výměnou za tyhle službičky drží u moci .
Jestli zase nějaký příští předseda Poslanecké sněmovny bude chtít parlament otevřít veřejnosti , musí se nejdřív zbavit kancléře Kynštera .
Jedinečná šance k tomu nastane příští rok .
Řada poslaneckých matadorů už znovu nekandiduje a vsadím se , že většina nových ještě pár týdnů po svém zvolení nebude vědět , že nějaký Kynštetr vůbec existuje .
Skvělá příležitost pro trochu odvážného šéfa parlamentářů prosadit si změnu .
Yes , we can !
The legal system is often accused of lagging behind the technological curve – indeed , it is only a couple of years since a high court judge made headlines by saying : " I do n't really understand what a website is . "
He later said that the remarks were taken out of context .
Once in a while , however , the courts get ahead of the curve .
Eight years ago , for example , America took the pioneering step of making every court document available online to the public .
The grand plan was , understandably , hailed by transparency advocates and freedom of information campaigners .
The centrepiece of the effort pushed through by the US Congress , from early 2001 , was web access to Pacer , the Public Access to Court Electronic Records scheme .
This had provided electronic access to court records since 1988 , but via a network of terminals largely limited to libraries and official buildings .
Legal minefield
The Pacer website is a vast database of PDF files for download over the web from the country 's many district , appellate and bankruptcy courts , among others .
But while the sentiment behind the system is admirable , even Pacer 's biggest fans admit that it is far from perfect .
For starters , the highly atomised nature of the US court system mean that documents are often hard to find .
Also , users cannot access documents without handing over their identity and credit card number , and the system itself is based around a clunky , arcane - looking and labyrinthine database aimed largely at lawyers and experts .
And then , perhaps most importantly , there is cost .
Users of Pacer are charged eight cents ( around 4.8 p ) a page .
There are price limitations – a ceiling of $ 2.40 a download , for example – but case documents are often split into batches and can run to hundreds of pages overall .
And the complexities of court filings mean that lay users can rarely be sure that the files they are paying for will deliver the information they seek .
That 's where a team from Princeton University , in New Jersey , decided to step in .
Their Recap tool , as the name suggests , aims to turn Pacer on its head : by making legal documents more easily available , and dramatically reducing the cost .
" All of the stuff in Pacer is , essentially , part of the law of the land , " says Harlan Yu , a Princeton PhD student and one of the trio behind Recap .
" Our nation is governed by laws , and we feel like the law should be accessible to all .
And being accessible , in this day and age , means that the law should be online where it 's most accessible to citizens in a way that is free . "
The system that Yu developed , along with his colleague Tim Lee and Stephen Schultze , an academic who was working at Harvard 's Berkman Center for the Internet and Society at the time , is an ingenious twist on peer - to - peer networking .
" We were talking about ways we could get access to these documents in bulk , " he says .
" We figured there were probably ways you can automate the process . "
The resulting system is an ingenious twist on peer to peer networking .
Users download a plug - in for the Firefox browser .
When they browse for a legal filing , the system checks whether another user has requested it .
If it has never been purchased , the user pays – and the file is automatically sent to join a library held by the Internet Archive .
If another Recap user has paid in the past , the archive copy can be downloaded free .
The system may look familiar to fans of the original Napster .
But there are no questions of legality with Recap .
Most court files are in the public domain – meaning that anyone who takes them has the right to publish them anywhere .
" Once somebody extracts a document from Pacer and actually pays for it , you can post it on a blog , share it with your friends – you can do whatever you want with it , " says Yu .
Since the system launched in August , legal circles have been buzzing with support for the idea .
" We 've gotten a good response from lawyers who use the system often and certainly from academics who want to do longitudinal studies about the courts , " says Yu . " We 've gotten very positive feedback … from investigative journalists and non-profits who do a lot of Pacer work and pay a lot of money to Pacer .
This allows them to do more of that without worrying too much about the cost . "
Reaction was so encouraging that Schultze has now joined the Princeton team and they are planning to expand the scheme , though they admit there are important privacy implications to work through before all documents should be automatically exposed to the public .
Paywall pains
But what about Pacer itself ?
Does diminishing the paywall destroy its funding ?
Apparently not .
In 2006 , the system increased the original seven cent charge — and has since built up a cash surplus of more than $ 150 m ( £ 89.7 m ) .
Yu says that much of the organisation 's budget is spent on courtroom technology not directly related to public access , while politicians including the former vice presidential candidate Joe Lieberman have publicly questioned how the scheme has built up such a surplus , and asked why it still charges .
For its part , Pacer says it is not too troubled by the project , though it has warned courts not to encourage use of Recap , and suggested that it was a security risk because it could " possibly be modified for benign or malicious purposes " .
Recap is not the first to liberate these documents from behind the paywall .
There are websites such as public .
resource.org , FreeCourtDockets.com and Justia.com that republish documents from Pacer .
Others , such as Lexis Nexis , charge for a service that includes re-publication of Pacer documents .
It has automated what was usually a manual process of sharing .
For advocates , the bigger question is whether Pacer objects : opening access to legal documents is an important part of expanding free data and free information .
After all , it was Thomas Jefferson – who made his living practicing the law , among other things – who said that " information is the currency of democracy " .
The USA in Color - The Northeast , 1956
November 24 , 2009
Scans from
The USA in Color by the editors of Holiday , 1956 .
This set at hi-res on flickr
Al Gore starts his odyssey on global warming with the Keeling Curve - the chart of steadily increasing CO2 levels measured off the top of Mauna Loa .
Very compelling and the cornerstone of the case for anthropogenic ( man- made ) global warming ( AGW ) .
Early this year , however , the annual rate of increase was the lowest measured , and on a monthly basis seemed to be coming to a dead stop - which means after seasonal adjustments would show a down trend .
Now it appears there is a down trend in the CO2 levels .
See chart .
If this continues it spells the coup de grace for the goofy AGW case .
The core of the AGW case is industrial CO2 spews out and stays in the atmosphere , accumulating faster than natural processes can handle , and causing ever - increasing warming .
Over the past few decades we have been emitting 4 ppm of CO2 per year , and the atmospheric levels have been increasing by 2 ppm .
We continue to spew , but if CO2 levels drop , it means something else is going on .
Problems with CO2
I have discussed some of the problems with the CO2 case previously .
The simplest rebuttal is that the vaunted ice core data that Al Gore touts shows CO2 lags warming .
Also , CO2 is a trace gas , measured in parts per million .
It is n't even the most important greenhouse gas - that honor goes to water vapor , which is 25 x more prevalent and is measured in parts per thousand .
This is why the theory of AGW has always been a bit goofy .
Another fact that is hard for the AGW theory to explain away is shown in this graphic : the models for the greenhouse effect require warming in the upper atmosphere where the greenhouse effect occurs , but satellite measurements say that is n't happening .
Consequently , whatever has been warming the planet since the end of the Little Ice Age 250 years ago is NOT the greenhouse effect .
Climate Sensitivity
The IPCC climate models have a deep secret that the AGW advocates try to obscure : they do not assume the minute increase in CO2 itself ( remember - parts per million ) is directly causing the greenhouse effect ; instead they add a ' climate sensitivity ' to the models to make the CO2 increase fit the actual warming .
A little CO2 goes a long way .
Scarier is that the models have positive feedback so as more CO2 accumulates , the warming effect accelerates .
Here as well the theory is in deep trouble .
This climate sensitivity can be measured , and not merely be a plug in a model to make it work .
Prof. Lindzen of MIT has done the measurement , and found that the actual climate sensitivity is much less than in the models .
This chart is a bit complex but the measured sensitivity is about 0.65 rather than 1.2 or higher as assumed by the models .
This means ( right axis ) that the measured feedback is negative , not positive as in the models .
This makes a huge difference - not only is warming less , but it will not become a runaway ( positive feedback ) process , like a nuclear bomb .
UPDATE 7/23 : Lindzen has issued his analysis in a note , reported by WattsUpWithThat .
Positive feedback is another reason why the AGW theory is goofy .
We have had periods of much higher CO2 in the atmosphere than now , and not turned in a hothouse like Venus .
Some natural process limits the greenhouse effect .
These IPCC models need to assume a runaway feedback in order to take the minute increase in CO2 and make it cause warming .
Methane
Some AGW advocates have moved beyond CO2 to Methane ( CH4 ) as an even more pernicious greenhouse gas , caused by SUVs , industrial activity and too many cows .
Methane is measured in parts per billion , so is even more of a trace gas than CO2 .
Here again the AGW crowd is in trouble with their theory .
While spewing of CH4 continues ( although in the US at least at a lower rate ) , atmospheric CH4 has been plateauing .
Ocean Temperatures
Dunbar 's number is 150 .
And he 's not compromising , no matter how much you whine about it .
Dunbar postulated that the typical human being can only have 150 friends .
One hundred fifty people in the tribe .
After that , we just are n't cognitively organized to handle and track new people easily .
That 's why , without external forces , human tribes tend to split in two after they reach this size .
It 's why WL Gore limits the size of their offices to 150 ( when they grow , they build a whole new building ) .
Facebook and Twitter and blogs fly in the face of Dunbar 's number .
They put hundreds or thousands of friendlies in front of us , people we would have lost touch with ( why ? because of Dunbar ! ) except that they keep digitally reappearing .
Reunions are a great example of Dunbar 's number at work .
You might like a dozen people you meet at that reunion , but you can't keep up , because you 're full .
Some people online are trying to flout Dunbar 's number , to become connected and actual friends with tens of thousands of people at once .
And guess what ?
It does n't scale .
You might be able to stretch to 200 or 400 , but no , you can't effectively engage at a tribal level with a thousand people .
You get the politician 's glassy - eyed gaze or the celebrity 's empty stare .
And then the nature of the relationship is changed .
I can tell when this happens .
I 'm guessing you can too .
Pakistan ’s Inter - Services Intelligence agency ( ISI ) is the largest of the nation ’s many spy agencies .
The secretive and enormous independent agency is a subject of almost constant controversy in the nation , where it is totally independent of the civilian government and the military exercises only modest oversight .
But the ISI could arguably be considered completely separately from the Pakistani government .
After all , it was revealed today , the group gets roughly a third of its funding not from Pakistan but from the US , through covert CIA deals .
Not that American oversight over the group is any more effective , as US officials have repeatedly accused the ISI of complicity or direct involvement in terrorist attacks , including last November ’s Mumbai strike .
Officials have also said the ISI is directly supporting the Taliban insurgency in Afghanistan in its fight against the US .
This support allegedly includes direct ISI funding for the insurgency , yet another example of how US money thrown at the region seems to trickle into the pockets of its opponents .
The CIA , however , defended the payments , saying they had more than gotten their money ’s worth from the ISI in the form of intelligence in Pakistan ’s tribal areas .
In addition to this funding , the CIA has also paid tens of millions of dollars to the group as rewards for capturing or killing people on its behalf through a covert program approved by President Bush .
Do you own a PS3 ?
Are you due a free copy of Guitar Hero : Van Halen ?
Excited about that ?
Well , put the excitement back in the box for just a little while longer .
Activision is currently shipping out free copies of the game to anybody eligible for one , but only on other systems .
Those wanting a PS3 copy have been informed of a slight delay owing to a printing error .
" Unfortunately , we made a printing error on the package of Guitar Hero : Van Halen , " explains Activision in an email .
" " Fortunately , we caught and remedied the error prior to sending your disc .
Our effort to ensure a completely positive customer experience has resulted in a slight delay in shipping your copy of the game . "
It 's unlikely that this will affect the commercial release of the game in December , so that 's cool .
I really want to see what they messed up though .
Joystiq reckons they rated it " E " for " Eddie . "
I want to believe that 's true .
Anumantha Kanthasamy at Iowa State University has found an essential key to possibly cure Parkinson 's disease and are looking for others .
Kanthasamy has been working to understand the complex mechanisms of the disease for more than a decade and thinks he has found hope for the cure .
Credit : ISU photo by Bob Elbert
Researchers at Iowa State University have found an essential key to possibly cure Parkinson 's disease and are looking for others .
Anumantha Kanthasamy , a distinguished professor of biomedical sciences and W. Eugene and Linda R. Lloyd Endowed Chair in Neurotoxicology at the ISU College of Veterinary Medicine , has been working to understand the complex mechanisms of the disease for more than a decade and thinks he has found hope for the cure .
Parkinson 's disease sufferers lack a sufficient amount of a brain chemical called dopamine .
Kanthasamy 's research shows that there is specific protein that is naturally present in human brains that -- for no known reason -- kills the brain cells that make dopamine .
The cells that are being killed are the ones that produce the needed dopamine .
" We have millions of cells in our brains , " said Kanthasamy , " In Parkinson's , about 10,000 of these brain cells die ; no one knows why . "
Kanthasamy discovered that a novel protein -- known as protein kinase - C ( specifically PKCδ ) - is killing the dopamine - producing cells .
Kanthasamy and his research staff discovered a compound that neutralizes the cell - killing kinase - C and allows the dopamine - producing cells to survive and function .
" With a lot of hard work , and little bit of luck , we found something important , " he said .
" And when you find something like this you say , ' This is great because it can be a target for developing new drugs . ' "
Now , Kanthasamy 's group is looking for additional compounds that also can serve to neutralize protein kinase - C .
By identifying more compounds that perform the function of neutralizing kinase - C , researchers are more likely to locate one that works well and has few side effects .
This discovery is expected to provide new treatment options to stop the progression of the disease or even cure it .
The study is being funded by a Grow Iowa Values Fund grant .
The goal of the grant program is to support development of technologies with commercial potential and to support the growth of companies using those technologies .
Kanthasamy is working on this research with PK Biosciences Corp. , an Iowa - based startup company .
Funding was also provided by the National Institutes of Health .
" Once we find the compound , we need to make sure it 's safe .
If everything goes well , it could take about 10 years , and then we might be able to see something that will truly make a difference in the lives of people with this disorder , " said Kanthasamy .
Parkinson 's disease strikes around 50,000 people each year , and there are approximately 1 million people with the disease .
Parkinson 's sufferers include actor Michael J. Fox and former boxing champion Muhammad Ali .
As people grow older , the cells that produce dopamine naturally die , causing dopamine levels to fall gradually over time .
When the levels continue to drop below 60 to 70 percent , the person will start to have Parkinson 's disease symptoms , according to Kanthasamy .
" Everybody has a little Parkinson 's in theory , " he said .
" But you ca n't see it until the level of dopamine gets too low . "
Eliminating the symptoms of Parkinson 's disease does n't require people to be restored to 100 percent of previous dopamine levels , but only to a fraction of that .
" If you can bring dopamine up to the 40 - 50 percent level , you 'll see a functioning , normal person , " he said .
Currently , there is no cure for Parkinson 's and available therapies only treat the symptoms .
Major contributing factors for getting Parkinson 's disease include prolonged exposure to metals or pesticides and other environmental chemicals , according to Kanthasamy .
Symptoms of Parkinson 's disease include trembling in hands , arms , legs , jaw , and face ; rigidity or stiffness of the limbs and trunk ; slowness of movement ; and impaired balance and coordination .
As these symptoms become more pronounced , patients may have difficulty walking , talking , or completing other simple tasks .
Because the disease typically affects people over the age of 50 , the National Institutes of Health anticipates the incidence of Parkinson 's will increase as the nation 's population ages .
Source : Iowa State University
Explore further Exercise may lead to improvement in patients with Parkinson's
At TEDxUSC , business professor David Logan talks about the five kinds of tribes that humans naturally form — in schools , workplaces , even the driver ’s license bureau .
Initially , Logan ’s discussion may come across as a how - to for ascending ‘ tribal stages ’ and a bit reductionistic , but around 11:00 the message gels , and it ’s a good one .
Below that is a video , also from TED , with author Seth Godin discussing how the Internet has revived the human social need for tribes and people to lead them .
If you ’re interested , you can download a free PDF “ Tribes Case Book ” from Godin right here .
Add to : Facebook | Digg | Del.icio.us | Stumbleupon | Reddit | Blinklist | Twitter | Technorati | Yahoo Buzz | Newsvine
Last night , my TV was on but I was n’t really paying attention … all of a sudden , I heard some of the harshest criticism of fundamentalist Christianity I ’ve ever heard on network television .
I stopped doing my work and started watching .
I ’m pretty sure my mouth was gaped open the whole time .
It was amazing to hear anyone say these things — even better that it came from someone who used to be a fundie himself .
Frank Schaeffer was the man speaking on The Rachel Maddow Show .
He ’s the author of Crazy for God : How I Grew Up as One of the Elect , Helped Found the Religious Right , and Lived to Take All ( or Almost All ) of It Back .
Video is below :
And a transcript :
Schaeffer : …
The mainstream not just media but culture does n’t sufficiently take stock of the fact that within our culture we have a sub-culture , which is literally a fifth column of insanity , that is bred from birth through home - school , Christian school , evangelical college , whatever , to reject facts as a matter of faith .
And so this substitute for authentic historic Christianity , and I may add as a little caveat here , I ’m a church - going Christian , really brings up the question :
Can Christianity be rescued from Christians ?
And that ’s an open question and when you see a bunch of people going around thinking that our president is the anti-Christ , you have to draw one of two conclusions : either these are racists looking for any excuse to level the next accusation , or they ’re beyond crazy , and I think beyond crazy is a better explanation .
And that evangelical subculture has rotted the brain of the United States of America .
We have a big slice of our population waiting for Jesus to come back , they look forward to Armageddon , good news is bad news to them .
When we talk about the Left Behind series of books that I talk about in my book Crazy for God , what we ’re really talking about is a group of people who are resentful because they know they ’ve been left behind by modernity , by science , by education , by art , by literature .
The rest of us our getting on with our lives ; these people are standing on a hilltop waiting for the end .
And this is a dangerous group of people to have as neighbors and they ’re our national neighbors and this is the source of all these insanities that we see leveled at the president .
One way or another they go back to this little evangelical subculture … it ’s a disaster .
Maddow : … How do you work to move people off of that position ?
It does n’t seem like facts are relevant in trying to move people away from these beliefs .
Schaeffer :
You do n’t work to move them off this position .
You move past them .
Look , a village cannot reorganize village life to suit the village idiot .
It ’s as simple as that , and we have to understand : we have a village idiot in this country .
It ’s called fundamentalist Christianity .
And , until we move past these people , and let me add as a former life - long Republican , until the Republican leadership has the guts to stand up and say it would be better not to have a Republican party than to have a party that caters to the village idiot , uh , there ’s gonna be no end in sight .
The next thing they ’ll do is accuse Obama of being the anti-Christ and then who knows what comes next ?
On and on it goes .
There is no end to this stuff .
Why ?
Because this subculture has as it ’s fundamentalist faith , that they distrust facts per se .
They believe in a young earth , six - thousand - years - old , with dinosaurs cavorting with human beings .
They think that whether it ’s economic news or news from the Middle East , it all has to do with the end of time and Christ ’s return .
This is la-la land , and the Republican part is totally enthralled to this subculture , to the extent that there is no Republican Party .
There is a fundamentalist subculture which has become a cult .
It ’s fed red meat by buffoons like Rush Limbaugh , Glenn Beck , and other people who are just not terribly bright themselves , and they are talking to even stupider people .
That ’s where we ’re at .
That ’s where all this is coming from , and it ’s becoming circular , it ’s becoming a joke , unfortunately a dangerous joke , because once in a while one of these loony - tunes as we see , brings guns to public meetings .
Who knows what they do next ?
It ’s a serious thing we all have to face , but the Democrats and sane Americans just have to move past these people , say ‘ go wait on the hilltop for the end , the rest of us are going to get on with rebuilding our country . ’
Maddow : …
Is there anybody on the right who could be constructive here if they wanted to be ?
To the extent that people could be moved off of these conspiracy theories ?
I understand your point that it ’s true that not all of them could be , but is there anybody who could be influential to try and stop the impact of these conspiracies ?
Schaeffer : Look , in the year 2000 I worked for John McCain to try to get him elected in the primaries instead of George Bush , but John McCain sold out by nominating …
Sarah Palin who comes directly from the heart of this movement and carries with her all that baggage , so he sold out .
I do n’t see anybody on the Republican Side of things these days who has the moral standing to provide real leadership or who will risk their position to do so .
This following graph compares the Case - Shiller Composite 10 SA index with the Stress Test scenarios from the Treasury ( stress test data is estimated from quarterly forecasts ) .
The Stress Test scenarios use the Composite 10 index and start in December .
Here are the numbers :
Case - Shiller Composite 10 Index ( SA ) , August : 156.4
Stress Test Baseline Scenario , August : 145.6
Stress Test More Adverse Scenario , August : 135.5
House prices are 7.4 % higher than the baseline scenario , and 15 % higher than the more adverse scenario .
There were three key economic stress test parameters : house prices , GDP and unemployment .
Both house prices and GDP are performing better than the baseline scenario , and unemployment is performing worse than both stress test scenarios .
Price - to - Rent
In October 2004 , Fed economist John Krainer and researcher Chishen Wei wrote a Fed letter on price to rent ratios : House Prices and Fundamental Value .
Kainer and Wei presented a price - to - rent ratio using the OFHEO house price index and the Owners ' Equivalent Rent ( OER ) from the BLS .
Here is a similar graph through August 2009 using the Case - Shiller Composite Indices ( SA ) :
Click on image for larger graph in new window .
This graph shows the price to rent ratio ( January 2000 = 1.0 ) for the Case - Shiller composite indices .
For rents , the national Owners ' Equivalent Rent from the BLS is used .
At the peak of the housing bubble it was obvious that prices were out of line with fundamentals .
Now most of the adjustment in the price - to - rent ratio is behind us .
It appears the ratio is still a little high , and I expect some further decline in prices - especially with rents now falling .
The BLS reported for September :
The increase [ in CPI ] occurred despite declines in the indexes for rent and owners ' equivalent rent , the first decreases in those indexes since 1992 .
The decrease in OER was at an annual rate of 1.7 % and based on media reports , and apartment surveys , it appears rents will continue to decline for some time .
This will push up the price - to - rent ratio unless house prices fall .
Note : some would argue the price - to - rent ratio being a little too high is reasonable based on mortgage rates and " affordability " .
Robertson had the best hedge fund record throughout the 1980s and 1990s .
It is reported that the compound rate of return to his investors was 32 % .
During his active years , he was considered to be the " Wizard of Wall Street . "
His hedge fund , Tiger Management , became the world 's largest fund , which peaked at over $ 23 billion invested .
( a) Nailed it
US is too dependent on Japan and China buying up the country 's debt
It 's almost Armageddon if the Japanese and Chinese do n't buy our debt
that 's what the Federal Reserve will be for Mr. Robertson
I think we 've let ourselves get in a terrible situation
inflation is a big risk if foreign countries were to stop buying bonds
Julian Robertson is a legend ; when he speaks - I listen .
He seems to appear on CNBC once a year , this is our opportunity to learn via osmosis .
---> [ Oct 30 , 2007 : Julian Robertson Calling for " Doozy of a Recession " ] ( b ) Nailed it ---> [ Oct 13 , 2008 : Julian Robertson Buying Some of Our Names - But Bearish on Economy A 30 minute interview below on CNBC - watch it ; you 'll see I am not the only one who " talks crazy " ;)
One portion of it below : Theand could face severe economic problems if that stops , Tiger Management founder and chairman Julian Robertson told CNBC . , ” Robertson said in an interview . ()
" I do n't know where we could get the money .
and I think we ought to try and get out of it .
" Robertson said
“ If the Chinese and Japanese stop buying our bonds , we could easily see [ inflation ] go to 15 to 20 percent , ” he said .
“ It 's not a question of the economy .
It 's a question of who will lend us the money if they do n't .
Imagine us getting ourselves in a situation where we 're totally dependent on those two countries .
It 's crazy . ” ( it 's kick the can policy - we are the world 's best )
Robertson said while he does n’t think the Chinese will stop buying US bonds , the Japanese may eventually be forced to sell some of their long - term bonds .
“ That 's much worse than not buying , ” he said .
“ The other thing is , they 're buying almost exclusively short - term debt .
And that 's what we are offering , because we can't sell the long - term debt .
And you know , the history has been that people who borrow short term really get burned . ”
The only way to avoid the problem , he said , is to " grow and save our way out of it . "
" The U.S. has to quit spending , cut back , start saving , and scale backward , " ( politicians wo n't let us ; they keep giving us money and as unruly teenagers we only know how to spend it ) Robertson said .
" Until that happens , I do n't think we 're anywhere near out of the woods . ”
Robertson is not very optimistic about the short - term .
( but the stock market is rallying sir ?
Its a forward looking indicator !
What 's that ?
October 2007 .
Oh yeh )
“ We 're in for some real rough sledding , ” he said . “ I really do think the recession is at least temporarily over .
But we have n't addressed so many of our problems and we are borrowing so much money that we can't possibly pay it back , unless the Chinese and Japanese buy our bonds . ” ( problems are for our grandchildren to deal with , we only get the pleasures - can I interest you in a new home ?
car ?
appliance ?
paid for by your fellow taxpayer ?
please ? )
[ Feb 13 , 2009 : FT.com - China to US : " We Hate You Guys " ]
[ May 21 , 2009 : China Becoming More Picky About Debt ]
Last week Mariah Carey turned on the Christmas lights at the Westfield shopping centre in Shepherds Bush , west London .
That might sound like a trivial event of interest only to cretins , but remember : hundreds of thousands of brave men and women died in combat so the current generation could enjoy such freedoms .
The assembled masses were n't simply taking mobile phone snapshots of a vastly overrated singer emptily promoting a commercially - appropriated religious festival celebrating the birth of a man who would have doubtless vomited up his own ribcage in disgust at the mere sight of the hollow , anaesthetising capitalist moonbase that is the Westfield Centre .
No .
They were honouring the fallen .
Sort of .
Vaguely .
OK : not at all .
Anyway , any story featuring Carey has to at some point dwell on a list of outlandish arch - diva requests , and this one did n't disappoint .
According to early press reports , she demanded to be driven along a long pink carpet in a vintage Rolls - Royce before arriving at the podium ( also pink ) at which point she 'd activate the lights by waving a magic wand , accompanied by 20 white kittens and 100 white doves .
Pink , butterfly - shaped confetti would shower all around her at the end of the ceremony .
In the event , that turned to be bullshit .
She arrived in a Merc , burbled a few inanities ( " Wow , I 've never been to a mall in London before ! " ) , shook hands with some charity kids , and sodded off out of there .
In fact the most startling thing about Carey 's turn was her outfit : a pair of jeans so tight she was virtually ingesting them .
No kittens .
No doves .
Not even a pink podium .
You could be forgiven for thinking the papers had just lazily printed a load of PR bibble cynically engineered to promote the event by playing on popular assumptions about Carey 's caprice , and had done so without bothering to check any of the facts .
Thing is , even if Carey had made a string of crazy demands , I would n't blame her .
I doubt many celebrities start out behaving like foot - stamping little Caligulas , but years of having their arses kissed left , right and centre – yes , even on that centre bit – steadily drives them insane .
I 've seen it happen in my own life , in my own little way .
About 10 years ago I was co-presenting a technology show on a niche digital channel with an audience of about six .
This was my first time in front of the cameras .
I had less screen presence than the Invisible Man and the sex appeal of a fatal headwound .
Since the show was shot in the " zoo " format popular at the time , the camera often roved dangerously close to my face , which made the experience of watching me a bit like gazing through a security peephole to see John Merrick leering ominously on your doorstep .
I was unfunny , uncomfortable and charmless .
Things have changed since then , obviously .
I 'm fatter .
Anyway , during the first week of making the show , the runner would come over between takes to check whether I needed anything .
A chair , perhaps ?
A glass of water ?
At first , this was embarrassing .
I did n't want anyone making a fuss of me .
But one of the primary rules of television is to keep " the talent " happy , and consequently there was no let - up .
So you accept the proffered chair , sup the glass of water .
And after several weeks of pampering , something snaps in your brain .
You grow accustomed to the attention ; like wireless broadband , it 's an everyday miracle you simply take for granted .
Before long , the moment you get thirsty , your first thought is no longer " I 'll go and pour myself a drink " , but something along the lines of " Where 's that runner gone ? " , " Why have n't I been watered already ? " , or " Is n't this a disgusting breach of my human rights ? "
And that 's the treatment given to an ugly bloke on a cheap satellite show .
I can scarcely imagine the level of forelock - tugging servility Carey must have encountered during her lifetime .
Her record company probably employs someone to walk 10 paces in front of her , breathing on all the doorknobs in her mansion so they wo n't feel cold to the touch .
Not that she 'll have touched a doorknob in 15 years .
She must think every door in the world opens by magic at the first sign of her approach .
Under those circumstances , you 'd rapidly lose all respect for " regular people " and start issuing lunatic demands for them to follow , partly to keep yourself amused , and partly out of sheer disgust .
After all , if you 're going to bow each time I enter the room , I might as well make you kiss my feet a few times while you 're down there .
Come to think of it , maybe that 's why it 's hard to detect much in the way of palpable feeling in Carey 's music .
Her singing voice wavers up and down through the octaves , like someone slowly tuning a shortwave radio in search of an authentic emotion .
It 's technically amazing , but almost impossible to relate to on a human level – possibly because she no longer experiences anything akin to regular human life .
She might not even experience proper emotions these days .
She might have people who do that for her .
Aides who rush in and hitch up the corners of her mouth each time she starts to smile , and mop down her cheeks with tiny hand - knitted towels when she cries .
But is it Mariah 's fault if she 's over - indulged ?
No .
It 's yours .
You specifically are to blame .
Oh OK : it 's society 's fault .
If society insists on treating celebrities like royalty , there 's little point lambasting them for behaving like princesses .
It 's nurture , not nature .
And besides , the press is probably making it up anyway .
Tales of the cosseted few whistling through an unreliable sphincter into the eyes and ears of the many : that 's entertainment news , that is .
• To order a copy of Charlie Brooker 's latest book The Hell Of It All for £ 8.99 ( RRP £ 12.99 ) call 0845 606 4232 or go to theguardian.com / bookshop
The best news in a long time comes via the Washington Post 's new poll :
The GOP is a party that has become increasingly conservative , particularly on fiscal issues .
Obama 's stimulus package of nearly $ 800 billion , bailouts for banks and the auto industry , and a health - care bill with a price tag of nearly $ 900 billion over 10 years have aroused strong opposition on the right .
Almost three - quarters of Republicans and GOP - leaners identify themselves as " conservative " on most issues , up sharply from a couple of years ago ...
On fiscal issues , the percentage calling themselves conservative has soared to more than eight in 10 .
More striking is that a majority considers themselves to be " very conservative " on fiscal issues , up about 20 points in two years .
The better news is that Republican voters understand that the GOP is also responsible for the fiscal mess :
Just 1 percent pick George W. Bush as the best reflection of the party 's principles , and only a single person in the poll cites former vice president Richard B. Cheney .
About seven in 10 say Bush bears at least " some " of the blame for the party 's problems .
The problem , it seems to me , is that most sane people understand that offering no stimulus this year and no bank bailout and no auto industry bailout would have led to an unemployment rate far higher than we have now , and a much , much steeper recession which would have compounded the debt , not helped it .
McCain could have opposed TARP in the campaign but did n't .
Maybe a president could have just said : let it all collapse , it will revive soon enough .
I just doubt that any actual president could ever have actually done that .
Now THIS is legislation to get behind .
From Senator Bernie Sanders , Independent from VT .
Update : Reader macstibs posts this link to a petition supporting Sanders .
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled ,
SECTION 1 . SHORT TITLE .
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘ Too Big to Fail , Too Big to Exist Act ’ ’ .
SEC .
2 . REPORT TO CONGRESS ON INSTITUTIONS THAT ARE TOO BIG TO FAIL .
Notwithstanding any other provision of law , not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act , the Secretary of the Treasury shall submit to Congress a list of all commercial banks , investment banks , hedge funds , and insurance companies that the Secretary believes are too big to fail ( in this Act referred to as the ‘‘ Too Big to Fail List ’ ’ ) .
SEC .
3 . BREAKING -UP TOO BIG TO FAIL INSTITUTIONS .
Notwithstanding any other provision of law , beginning 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act , the Secretary of the Treasury shall break up entities included on the Too Big To Fail List , so that their failure would no longer cause a catastrophic effect on the United States or global economy without a taxpayer bailout .
SEC .
4 . DEFINITION .
For purposes of this Act , the term ‘‘ Too Big to Fail ’’ means any entity that has grown so large that its failure would have a catastrophic effect on the stability of either the financial system or the United States economy without substantial Government assistance .
Two - year - old Tanvir climbed the tower on Monday
A Bengal tiger has become stuck at the top of a new 15 ft ( 5 m ) activity tower at a North Somerset zoo after climbing it for the first time .
Two - year - old Tanvir has spent 24 hours on the " enrichment " tower at Noah 's Ark Zoo Farm in Wraxall .
He took a few seconds to scale the tower , which has branch - like platforms designed to test his ingenuity .
But the zoo said after shinning up the exercise structure on Monday , he has become too frightened to come down .
Spokeswoman Samantha Cordrey said : " He 's quite a mischievous little tiger and yesterday he went up his enrichment tower for the first time .
" There 's a smaller tower , of about 5 ft ( 1.52 m ) , and even that took him half an hour to get down from , so he 's a bit of a scaredy cat .
" He 's still stuck at the top today .
Every time he gets to the edge , he looks out , puts a paw over , and thinks , 'no , I 'm not doing it !'
" He will make his way down when he gets too cold or hungry .
He got up there within seconds but he can't get back down .
" It was made to challenge him but he 's a bit of a wimp . "
Tanvir has been with the zoo since the summer .
October 19 , 2009
Nicole Colson reports on the Texas governor 's attempts to evade responsibility for having executed an innocent man-- while the machinery of death is readied to kill again .
TEXAS GOV .
Rick Perry is resorting to Richard Nixon - like tactics to bury the truth -- the fact that he oversaw the execution of an innocent man .
Growing evidence indicates that Cameron Todd Willingham , who was executed in 2004 for setting a 1991 fire that killed his three small daughters , never committed the crime he was accused of .
But Perry is doing his best to squelch any discussion of that evidence .
He went so far as to fire three members of a Texas commission , days before the panel was set to hear about the many flaws in the scientific evidence and testimony that secured a conviction against Willingham .
The firing was reminiscent of Nixon 's infamous " Saturday Night Massacre " -- in which he fired a special prosecutor and top Justice Department officials in an ultimately unsuccessful effort to keep the Watergate scandal covered up .
You might think that the blood of one innocent man on his hands would be enough to give Perry pause .
Yet even as questions about Willingham 's innocence mount , Perry is pushing full - steam ahead with the state 's death machine -- promising to oversee the execution of Reginald Blanton , another man who may very well be innocent , on October 27 .
Texas Governor Rick Perry has presided over 200 executions during his tenure so far ( Rita Quinn )
Responding to the growing uproar about Willingham 's execution , Perry dared to call Willingham a " monster " whose guilt was confirmed by the courts " every step of the way . "
Given the mounting evidence that the courts were misled by fanatical prosecutors and their incompetent scientific " experts , " this counts as further insult from a man who deserves to be charged with negligent homicide .
WILLINGHAM WAS executed on February 17 , 2004 .
By then , a series of problems with his case -- many of them commonplace to death row cases -- had come to light .
As New Yorker reporter David Grann laid out in devastating detail in an investigation published last month , Willingham 's conviction was based on the flimsiest of supposed motives : that , in the words of Corsicana , Texas , District Attorney Pat Batchelor , his children " were interfering with his beer drinking and dart throwing . "
Witnesses who originally described Willingham as frantic to save his children ( he suffered burns and had to be restrained from running back into the burning home ) began to change their stories once Willingham came under public scrutiny .
A jailhouse snitch claimed Willingham confessed -- although the snitch later admitted to suffering from mental illness and drug addiction , and tried to recant his testimony ) .
Two state medical " experts " would take the stand to assure jurors that Willingham - - who they had never met -- fit the criteria of a sociopath , based on little more than tattoos and rock posters .
But the lynchpin in the state 's case was the supposedly iron - clad scientific evidence against Willingham -- findings from an arson investigation that included , according to Deputy Fire Marshal Manuel Vasquez , more than 20 indicators that the fire had been deliberately set .
Even before Willingham 's execution , however , it was clear that the scientific " facts " were questionable .
In 2004 , renowned fire investigator Gerald Hurst , was asked to look at the evidence , and found , according to Grann , that of the " 20 indicators " of arson , only one was scientifically valid -- and there was an easy explanation for it .
In other words , the " science " that put Cameron Todd Willingham on death row was a fraud .
Hurst found that the fire was most likely started by a space heater or faulty wiring , not arson .
But the report that Hurst rushed to prepare in time to save Willingham 's life was ignored by Texas officials -- including Gov. Rick Perry 's office .
According to Grann :
The Innocence Project obtained , through the Freedom of Information Act , all the records from the governor 's office and the board pertaining to Hurst 's report .
" The documents show that they received the report , but neither office has any record of anyone acknowledging it , taking note of its significance , responding to it , or calling any attention to it within the government , " Barry Scheck said .
" The only reasonable conclusion is that the governor 's office and the Board of Pardons and Paroles ignored scientific evidence . "
Days later , on February 13 , the Texas Board of Pardons and Paroles denied Willingham 's request for clemency .
LaFayette Collins , who was a member of the board at the time , explained the mindset of the panel to Grann : " You do n't vote guilt or innocence , " Collins said .
" You do n't retry the trial .
You just make sure everything is in order , and there are no glaring errors . "
According to Grann , Collins " noted that although the rules allowed for a hearing to consider important new evidence , 'in my time , there had never been one called . '
When I asked him why Hurst 's report did n't constitute evidence of ' glaring errors , ' he said , ' We get all kinds of reports , but we do n't have the mechanisms to vet them . ' "
Hurst is n't the only expert to have debunked the " science " that helped take Cameron Todd Willingham 's life .
Several fire experts -- employed by the Innocence Project , among others -- who re-examined the case in the years since Willingham 's execution agreed with Hurst 's opinion .
Pro-death penalty officials claim such reports are open to " bias " because of their sources -- a laughable idea coming from the same people who let unqualified " experts " who had never met Cameron Todd Willingham diagnose him as a " sociopath . "
Nevertheless , the state of Texas commissioned its own fire scientist , Craig Beyler , to conduct an independent review for the Texas Forensic Science Commission -- which was formed in 2005 to investigate allegations of error and misconduct by forensic scientists .
This past August , Beylor released his report into the Willingham case and that of another prisoner .
It was a damning indictment .
In the report , noted David Grann , Beyler said that investigators " had no scientific basis for claiming that the fire was arson , ignored evidence that contradicted their theory , had no comprehension of flashover and fire dynamics , relied on discredited folklore , and failed to eliminate potential accidental or alternative causes of the fire . "
Investigator Manuel Vasquez , in particular , cited arson statistics which " far exceed any rational estimate , " according to Beyler - - who added that Vasquez 's approach seemed to deny " rational reasoning " and his testimony at trial was " hardly consistent with a scientific mindset and is more characteristic of mystics or psychics .
BEYLER WAS set to present his findings to the Texas Forensic Science Commission on October 2 -- but two days before he could , Rick Perry intervened .
" At first , " noted Houston Chronicle reporter Lisa Falkenberg , " Perry tried to discredit Beyler , using air quotes in an interview with The Dallas Morning News [ in mid-September ] to refer to ' latter - day supposed experts ' who have cast doubt on Willingham 's conviction . "
Then , on September 30 , Perry abruptly removed three members from the nine - member commission -- including its head -- forcing the meeting where Beyler was scheduled to present his report to be cancelled .
Perry lamely tried to play down his actions , claiming that the terms of the dismissed board members were expiring soon , and replacing them " was pretty standard business as usual . "
But several board members have served more than one term and had their appointments renewed in the past .
Attorney Sam Bassett , the former head of the commission , told the Associated Press that he suspected he would be replaced after Beyler issued his report -- and heard that Perry 's office was suddenly looking for new commissioners .
" In my view , we should not fail to investigate important forensic issues in cases simply because there might be political ramifications , " he said .
Later , Bassett admitted that aides to Perry had tried in the past to pressure him over the direction of the panel 's inquiries into the Willingham case .
Bassett said that on two occasions , he was called to meetings with Perry 's top attorneys .
At one , he was told the governor 's office was unhappy with the panel 's inquiry .
" I was surprised that they were involving themselves in the commission 's decision - making , " Bassett told the Dallas Morning News .
" I did feel some pressure from them , yes .
There 's no question about that . "
Among other things , Bassett says he was questioned as to why an arson investigator from Texas was n't hired , as opposed to Beyler , who is from Maryland .
The Innocence Project 's Barry Scheck compared Perry 's move to Richard Nixon .
" It 's a Saturday night massacre , pure and simple , " Scheck told the Houston Chronicle .
" If you do n't like the evidence , you just get rid of the judges . "
Perry is facing a challenge to his reelection hopes from fellow Republican Kay Bailey Hutchinson , currently Texas ' senator and now a Republican primary candidate for the governorship .
For her part , Hutchinson has been attacking Perry on the Willingham issue , but from the right -- claiming that his removal of the commissioners hands " liberals " more ammunition to challenge the death penalty .
She 's right .
The conviction and execution of Cameron Todd Willingham should give anyone pause about the way that the justice system works when it comes to the death penalty -- particularly in Texas , the nation 's leading executioner .
The ease with which the state sent an innocent man to his death is a shocking indictment of the system .
At least one member of the jury that sentenced Cameron Todd Willingham to death has come forward to say that she is no longer convinced that he was guilty .
" I do n't sleep at night because of a lot of this , " juror Dorenda Brokofsky recently told CNN .
" I have gone back and forth in my mind trying to think of anything that we missed .
I do n't like the fact that years later someone is saying maybe we made a mistake , that the facts are n't what they could 've been . "
" I do have doubts now ... I mean , we can only go with what we knew at the time , but I do n't like the fact now that maybe this man was executed by our word because of evidence that is not true .
It may not be true now .
And I do n't like the fact that I may have to face my God and explain what I did . "
MANY OF the same doubts about Willingham 's guilt exist in the case of Reginald Blanton -- the next Texas prisoner scheduled to be executed on October 27 .
Blanton , accused of murdering his friend Carlos Garza , was convicted on testimony coerced by police .
No physical evidence connected him to the crime , and a shoeprint on the door that he supposedly kicked in to get to Garza was two sizes too small to be his .
His public defenders never brought this fact up at trial .
African Americans were summarily stricken from the jury pool .
Yet despite all this , Perry , who could halt the execution , has so far refused to do so .
At a recent rally for Reggie Blanton , his mother , Anna Terrell , pleaded with Perry , " At least have my son 's case looked into before it 's too late . "
It 's too late for Cameron Todd Willingham , but it does n't have to be for Reginald Blanton .
Activists are putting pressure on Perry - - who should be reminded that the blood of one innocent man on his hands is more than enough .
The Manawatu River is one of the most polluted in the Western world , according to new research .
The Manawatu tops a new pollution measurement of 300 rivers and streams across North America , Europe , Australia and New Zealand , research by the Cawthron Institute has found .
The waterway is fouled with treated sewage , industrial waste and farm runoff .
Under a system measuring oxygen changes in water , the Manawatu has by far the highest reading , almost twice as much as the next worst .
The Manawatu measured 107 .
Anything over eight is considered indicative of an unhealthy river ecosystem .
A measurement of 0 –4 is considered healthy .
Roger Young , a freshwater ecologist with the Nelson - based independent scientific institute , was amazed at the readings from water samples taken at Hopelands , north of Woodville .
" To see a count of 100 was just ridiculous , " he said .
Tests further south at Palmerston North were not as high but still indicated an unhealthy ecosystem .
Checks internationally found the closest pollution reading to be 59 , for a site on a river near Berlin , downstream from a sewage outfall .
The Manawatu was affected by leaching farm nutrient and treated town sewage , Dr Young said .
" Agricultural use is most of it ; nitrogen runoff , mainly . "
Other factors were the shallowness and width of the slow - moving river , which exposed it to sunlight that encouraged algae growth .
Massey University ecologist Mike Joy said the research showed the river was " a basket case " .
" I 've been aware for some time that the river was a pretty sad case but even I was shocked at this research .
It 's not just farm nutrients ; it 's sewage , sediment and river modification issues with stopbanking . "
Environment Minister Nick Smith said it was well known the Manawatu River was in poor shape .
In an Environment Ministry initiative this year on water quality for recreational use , it ranked 72nd out of 76 sites .
" No matter what way you look at it , the Manawatu River needs cleaning up . "
Palmerston North Mayor Jono Naylor was concerned with the findings .
" No one likes the idea of having a polluted river running through their city . "
The council had invested $ 15 million upgrading the wastewater system , so the quality of sewage discharged had improved .
The health of the river could affect swimmers ' health , and warning signs were erected at some spots .
Horowhenua District Council admitted in September pumping 5.1 m litres of partially treated sewage – including tampons , condoms and toilet paper – into the river over 48 hours in October 2007 .
Dr Joy said : " At the high levels , you virtually have to get some in your mouth and you 'll get sick . "
Dr Young 's research is to be presented to a panel which next week begins hearing submissions on Horizons Regional Council 's One Plan .
The plan proposes tight rules to govern nitrogen leaching from farms .
Farmers will get limits on the amount of nitrogen allowed in their soils , depending on their soil type .
Many farmers fear they will be forced to reduce cow numbers and take a substantial cut in earnings .
Federated Farmers regional president Gordon McKellar said the council was unnecessarily taking a big stick to farmers .
" Farmers are prepared to do a reasonable amount to manage their nutrients – after all , they 've paid a lot of money for them and do n't want to lose them – but regulation is not the way to get their support . "
Horizons planning and regulatory manager Greg Carlyon said the nitrogen caps would get the river only halfway to swimming quality over 20 years .
WHAT IS POLLUTING THE RIVER ?
* Farm runoff from fertilisers , and animal waste such as cow dung and urine , leach into the river .
* Treated sewage discharged by councils
* Treated industrial effluent including wastewater from Fonterra , New Zealand Pharmaceuticals , Tui Brewery
* Sediment washing into the river from overgrazed farms or eroding countryside alters the natural habitat for native bugs or fish
BY THE NUMBERS
* 25 resource consents to discharge into the Manawatu River have been granted .
* 75,600 cubic metres can be discharged daily .
* Palmerston North , Manawatu , Horowhenua and Tararua councils have consents to discharge treated sewage and wastewater .
* Horizons Regional Council has taken four prosecutions and 36 fine actions over illegal discharges this year .
* The top five resource consents for daily discharge :
46,600 cubic metres , Palmerston North City Council
24,000cum , Feilding sewerage plant
6370cum , Dannevirke
6000 cum , Fonterra at Longburn
4600cum , Ashhurst
Businessman spends £ 350 k to visit every country on earth in record time ( just do n't ask to see his snaps )
He spent £ 350,000 to visit every country on earth in the shortest time possible and thereby earnt himself a mention in the Guinness Book of Records - just do n't expect to be thrilled by his pictures .
While businessman Kashi Samaddar , 55 , dodged bullets and bombs in some of the world 's more unstable countries , and lived to tell the tale , his photographic skills are somewhat wanting as these two examples ( below ) demonstrate .
Globe trotter : Kashi Samaddar poses for a bizarre picture with a local and a pram in Greenland
That 'll be London , then : Mr Samaddar with a friend during his visit to the British capital
He began his epic journey to 194 countries with a visit to Holland in July 2002 and finished his mission in Kosovo in May of this year - six years , ten months and seven days later - with plenty of drama along the way .
Mr Samaddar , an Indian national who now lives in Dubai , said of his trip to Afghanistan : ' The hotel where I stayed in Kabul was blown apart an hour after I left my room .
' I have travelled through regions with bullets flying thick and fast all around .
It 's a miracle I did n't get killed .
' In East Timor , I stayed without food for three days and had to pay a local lad a few hundred dollars for some bananas .
' In Nauru , my flight was cancelled eight times and I had to overstay for one - and - a - half months . '
Missed opportunity :
The kind of photo Mr Samaddar could have taken on his visit to the Cook Islands
Considering his feat the snaps he took along the way are a touch underwhelming , many of which feature him in offices and hotel lobbies instead of at top tourist sights .
On his trip to London there are no shots of Big Ben , Tower Bridge , or Buckingham Palace .
Instead , Mr Samaddar 's souvenir picture is of him standing inside a white office cubicle with a friend .
His photo from the Cook Islands reveals nothing of the country 's white - sand beaches or lush vegetation , but shows him sat with friends at a patio table .
And , in a more bizarre turn , his Greenland shot shows him standing on front of a cabin with a baby 's pram to one side and a local cheerily raising a can of drink to the camera on the other .
London calling :
There 's more to the capital than the inside of an office cubicle
The idea for the trip began in 2003 when Calcutta - born Mr Samaddar was left stranded in Johannesburg , South Africa for two days because of visa problems due to his nationality .
As an act of defiance , the businessman promised himself he would travel to all the countries in the world , using his life savings to do so .
Luckily he had an understanding wife , Barnali , who even accompanied him to more than 70 of the countries he visited .
The globe trotting adventurer was determined to complete the whole trip using his Indian passport - despite opportunities to adopt Australian and Canadian citizenship - as he wanted to prove an Indian could travel the world .
He also wanted to highlight the difficulties some nationalities encounter obtaining visas to enter countries - a problem he is very familiar with .
' The most difficult visa to get was Moldova , which took me almost three years with many rejections , ' he said .
' The problem is n’t with big countries like America , England or places in Europe , a lot of the time it ’s smaller countries who do n’t know what they should be doing . '
According to Guinness World Records , any person attempting the trip must take public transport such as scheduled flights , buses , trains and ferries to arrive in countries .
The record - breaking authority also defines visiting a country as ' setting foot within its border ' .
It is not necessary to remain in any country for any length of time - perhaps this could go some way to explain Mr Samaddar 's opportunistic photos .
As a result of his trip , the Indian national has set up the Travel , Tourism and Peace Initiative , which provides travellers with advice on what documentation they need to enter different countries .
Somehow , the 2012 Doomsday Craze seems to have started with the Mayan Calendar , ending in 2012 .
But , as frogdropping said it in one of his two great hubs on the subject ( follow the links ! ) , that the Mayan calendar does come to an end in 2012 , does n't have to mean the world will end in 2012 .
The Calendar just stopped in 2012 ... and that 's all , folks .
The Mayan Calendar is thought to be a " prophetic calendar that may help us understand the past and foresee the future " .
Quoting frogdropping ( ' cause I could n't say it better ) : " I have n't read anything as misleading as that ( honest ) since the last time I read a ‘ buy one get one free ' offer .
The calendar is not prophetic .
It was devised to measure time .
I 'm not saying that the Mayan shamans did n't try to foresee coming seasons , what their Gods were up to and what they should do to keep their Gods happy .
But it 's basic priniciple was that of a calendar . "
If , indeed , the Mayan Calendar was " prophetic " ... which were then the facts of the past centuries , predicted by the Calender ?
And how do you explain the Maya 's knew the exact year when " the " world will come to an end ... but did not know " their " world would meet its end centuries before ?
It was a Scorpio birthday bash , a celebration of life for half a dozen men born under the sign of the scorpion .
A party to mark another year of survival , when so many of their friends had died in gang wars or reckless activity .
And then the shots rang out .
About 3:30 a.m. Sunday , one man was shot in the head and four other people , including two women , were wounded by gunfire inside the Atlanta Party Hall on Ellesmere Rd. in Scarborough .
That 's when everyone ran for the doors , hoping to get their cars from the parking lot before police arrived and sealed everything off .
" Everybody grabbed what they could and ran through the door , " said a man celebrating his 33rd birthday at the hall , just east of Midland Ave .
" Everybody tried to get away before the cops came . "
He told the Star he was admiring the cake with his picture on top , had just been sprayed with champagne and was feeling the burn in his eyes when gunshots rang out .
" Everybody was having fun , " he explained , asking that his name not be used for fear of reprisals .
" Once a year , you live to see your age .
I 'm happy to live to see 33 .
" Then I heard a pop , pop , pop , pop .
The crowd opened up and everybody ran .
" I thought , oh man , there 's my picture on the cake , the shrimp and all that stuff ... "
He turned to see an acquaintance , a guy he knew as Shortman , on the floor .
The victim was also known to friends in the Malvern community of northeast Scarborough as Ras P .
His girlfriend was kneeling over him .
" She screamed ' No ! ' and I felt her pain , I really did , " said the birthday boy , who said his cousin died in a shooting last year .
" A lot of blood was pouring and he was trying to hang on .
I told her to talk with him , that maybe it would help . "
Then he grabbed his birthday cake and ran out the door .
" Nobody wants to stay , " he said .
" People do n't want to get involved .
If you say something , you have to go to court , miss work and people call you a rat . "
He said he did n't know how a gun was smuggled into the hall or what provoked the shooting .
" They searched everybody coming in , patted everybody down , so I do n't know what happened , " he said .
" These guys are too hyped .
They all want to be the man , whatever . "
Police arrived and paramedics worked to stem the flow of blood from the victim 's head wound .
He 's clinging to life in hospital .
Another man and woman were also taken to hospital and are undergoing treatment .
A man and a woman drove to hospital for repairs to minor wounds and have been released .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Police forensic officers were at the scene Sunday , probing for clues to the shootings inside the hall and on the grass and parking lots outside .
" It 's all so bad , man , " said birthday boy , who came to Toronto from Jamaica in 1992 .
" I 've made it to 33 , but all these kids are dying at age 16 , 17 , before they even have a life .
Girls are losing their baby fathers .
" This was supposed to be fun .
I do n't know what went wrong . "
I have n’t yet had time to post Michael Hud­son ’s talk at Cus­toms House–hopefully I ’ll man­age that this weekend–but in the mean­time here is the talk I gave a cou­ple of days ear­li­er at Per Capi­ta ’s Pol­i­cy Exchange 2009 Con­fer­ence in Can­ber­ra on Octo­ber 21st 2009 .
The good folk at SlowTV put this togeth­er , and this is the link to the video on their site .
I open this talk by refer­ring to the first pre­sen­ta­tion at the con­fer­ence ( after Julia Gillard ’s open­ing speech ) by Pro­fes­sor Joshua Gans , in which he began by describ­ing both Mil­ton Fried­man and Hyman Min­sky as “ Key­ne­sians ” .
Had one of the stu­dents in my His­to­ry of Eco­nom­ic
Thought sub­ject at UWS made such an obser­va­tion , he / she would have been well on the way to a fail grade .
I was hop­ing that SlowTV might have also post­ed Joshua ’s talk so that you could make your own minds up on this , but that does­ n’t seem to have occurred .
Those curi­ous about his approach to eco­nom­ics should check this link to his home page and a blog he estab­lished called Core Eco­nom­ics .
The Saudi air force has attacked rebels in northern Yemen following Wednesday 's killing of a Saudi security officer in a border area , reports have said .
Saudi F - 15 and Tornado jets targeted strongholds of the Houthi rebels on the Yemeni side of border , spokesmen for the group and Arab media said .
But officials in Sanaa denied there had been any attacks on Yemeni territory .
The attacks came after a Saudi officer was killed and 11 were wounded in a raid by the rebels on the Jizan region .
The Houthis said on Wednesday that they had taken " full control " of a mountainous section of the border region of Jabal al - Dukhan .
' Successive air strikes '
In a statement on its website on Wednesday , the group said Saudi warplanes and helicopters had dropped phosphorus bombs on its fighters in the areas of al - Malahaid , Jabal al - Mamdud , al - Husama and al - Mujdaa .
On Thursday , a rebel spokesman based in Europe , Yehya Badr al - Din al - Houthi , told the BBC Arabic service that the attacks had continued .
After what happened yesterday , it is clear they have lost track of reality and it has got to a point where there is no other way .
They have got to be finished
Saudi government adviser " Yesterday , the Saudi aircraft attacked villages in the Ghamr district .
They destroyed homes and killed and wounded 10 people , mainly women and children , " he said .
" Today , the Saudi aircraft continued striking the village of Hasama and other villages near the Malaheez area . "
Another spokesman for the group said civilians had been killed when bombs were dropped on a local market in Saada province , and that one rebel location had been hit by about 100 missiles in one hour .
A Saudi government adviser said the air force had targeted rebels who had seized Saudi parts of Jabal al - Dukhan , which they said had now been recaptured by troops .
The official said at least 40 rebels had been killed in the fighting .
" As of yesterday late afternoon , Saudi air strikes began on their positions in northern Yemen , " the unnamed adviser told Reuters .
" There have been successive air strikes , very heavy bombardment of their positions , not just on the border , but on their main positions around Saada , " he added .
A Yemeni defence ministry spokesman would only deny " the rebels ' allegations of Saudi air raids against Yemeni villages " , the AFP news agency said .
Saudi Arabia has deployed troops along the border with Yemen The London - based Arabic newspaper Elaph meanwhile reported that Saudi ground forces were also moving towards the Yemeni border .
The deployment was later confirmed by Arab diplomats , who told the Associated Press that army units and special forces were amassing in the area , and that several nearby Saudi towns and villages had been evacuated .
Saudi reconnaissance teams believed there were between 4,000 and 5,000 Houthis based in the mountainous border region , Elaph said .
The Saudi government adviser said no decision had yet been taken to send troops across the border , but made it clear that Riyadh was no longer prepared to tolerate the Yemeni rebels , Reuters reported .
" After what happened yesterday , it is clear they have lost track of reality and it has got to a point where there is no other way .
They have got to be finished , " he said .
Displaced people
The Houthis , named after the family of their leader , say they want greater autonomy and a greater role for their version of Shia Islam .
They complain that their community is discriminated against .
They also accuse Saudi Arabia of supporting the Yemeni armed forces by allowing them to launch attacks from its territory , a charge which both countries deny .
The Yemeni government accuses the rebels of wanting to re-establish Zaydi Shia clerical rule , and of receiving support from Iran .
Earlier in the week , 10 rebels captured in 2008 were sentenced to death .
The Zaidi Shia community are a minority in Yemen , but make up the majority in the north of the country .
The insurgents first took up arms against the government in 2004 , after which government forces killed or captured much of the Houthi leadership .
The government launched a fresh offensive in August 2009 which has precipitated a new wave of intense fighting .
Aid agencies say tens of thousands of people have been displaced .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
NEW YORK and COLOMBO , Sri Lanka —
When the Sri Lankan government declared that the country 's 25 - year civil war was over in May , thousands of civilians took to the streets in celebration .
The threat of the Tamil Tigers was gone for the first time in decades and the fears of violence that had held a nation in their clutch on a daily basis seemed to dissipate .
But for many Sri Lankans things have only become worse since the war ended .
As part of the government 's continued efforts to weed out possible terrorists and sympathizers , the military has begun detaining large numbers of people it suspects of collaborating with the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) .
In the majority of cases , the arrest and detainment is shrouded in secrecy under provisions of " emergency regulations , " a set of vague but sweeping laws that give the government in effect unlimited powers .
Since the Prevention of Terrorism Act ( PTA ) was passed 30 years ago , Sri Lanka has operated nearly every year under emergency regulations ordered by the executive branch .
Under the most current regulations issued by President Mahinda Rajapaksa , suspects can be arrested without warrants and held for 18 months without formal charges or access to legal representation .
Few details of alleged crimes are ever released and trials , when they occur , are rarely publicized .
“ No one can tell you what 's in them , " said James Ross , the legal and policy director for Human Rights Watch , of the country 's anti-terrorism laws .
" That ’s part of the problem .
It ’s getting worse for journalists , it ’s getting worse for human rights activists .
Where restrictions should be lessening , they are actually getting tighter . ”
The recent spate of detentions appear to resemble the United States government ’s actions after Sept. 11 , 2001 , when Guantanamo Bay was filled with suspected terrorists who could be held indefinitely under an executive order issued by President George W. Bush in 2002 .
But the use of unchecked detentions as a counter - terrorism strategy in Sri Lanka pre-dates 9/11 , according to Nagaioh Manoharan , a senior fellow at the Center for Land Warfare Studies in New Delhi .
“ What is new now , ” said Manoharan of post - war Sri Lanka , “ is detentions in large numbers .
The PTA and emergency regulations are used without much hesitation .
The rule of law has not been abided by even approximately . ”
Arguably the biggest difference between terrorism suspects detained by the United States government at Guantanamo Bay and Sri Lanka ’s current detainment policies is that of citizenship : Detainees in Sri Lanka are citizens held in their own country .
In many recent cases , they are the government ’s own employees .
On Aug. 1 , Nagalingam Vedhanayagam , a government bureaucrat , was arrested by the government 's Terrorist Investigation Division which was reportedly given a tip by a detained LTTE cadre .
Vedhanayagam worked in Kilinochchi when the area was under LTTE control .
When fighting overwhelmed the region last January , he moved to the government - controlled area but continued to make frequent trips into the conflict zone to ensure that humanitarian assistance was being provided .
Since his arrest , defense officials have not released any information about his whereabouts or what the accusations against him are .
In May , five government doctors were detained by the Terrorist Investigation Division and held for 100 days without access to legal representation .
The doctors had worked inside the war zone during heavy fighting for months and communicated information via telephone and email reporting often desperate conditions facing civilians .
One of the doctors remains in prison while the others are on parole , awaiting a court hearing in November for spreading " false information to the international community . "
On Aug. 31 , the Tamil journalist Jayaprakash Sittampalam Tissainayagam was sentenced to 20 years of hard labor under Sri Lanka 's Prevention of Terrorism Act.
Tissanayagam was the editor of a Tamil language magazine and the government accused him of accepting money from the Tamil Tigers and fomenting " communal disharmony " through his coverage of the war .
Even NGO workers are not immune from the government 's far reaching efforts to prosecute suspected terrorists .
Two United Nations employees , Charles Raveendran Navaratnam and Kanthasamy Sounthararajan , were arrested on June 11 and , according to a U.N. official in Sri Lanka , are accused of collaborating with the Tigers .
Similar to the case of Vedhanayagam , the U.N. staff were originally reported as “ missing ” or “ disappeared ” and only later was it revealed that they were in government custody .
Both of their lawyers have filed complaints in Sri Lanka claiming torture by security forces following their arrest .
Since Sri Lanka regained independence in 1948 , the country has operated more often than not under an official state of emergency , allowing the repeated implementation of emergency regulations .
The actual content of the regulations are difficult to obtain and cannot be challenged in court .
In 2005 , regulations were passed that allow the use of confessions made to police in a trial .
Contrary to normal standards of criminal law , in Sri Lanka it is up to the defendant to prove that a confession was coerced , according to the International Crisis Group .
Many argue that the country 's deeply unstable history — insurgencies include the separatist LTTE and the leftist People 's Liberation Front , or JVP — since independence requires extreme measures .
" The legal system here cannot cope with the breakdown of law and order , like two insurgencies by the JVP in 1971 and 1987 - 89 and a separatist insurgency by the LTTE the last thirty years , " said Sinha Ratnatunga , a lawyer and president of the Editor ’s Guild of Sri Lanka .
" Does it lead to abuses ?
Of course it does .
But , if the strict application of the ' rule of law ' applied in both letter and spirit the JVP might well be running a ' Marxist dictatorship of the proletariat , ’ and the LTTE might have their own Eelam . ”
Ratnatunga argued that striking a balance between quelling armed uprisings and upholding the standard of innocent until proven guilty is easier said than done when violence overwhelms the system .
In the last 25 years , at least 80,000 Sri Lankans have died due to the civil conflicts .
“ That does not mean that civil liberties must be given a complete holiday , ” he said .
Since the end of the war in May , the Sri Lankan government has continued to operate under an official state of emergency .
In a special debate held Sept. 10 in parliament , Leader of the House Minister Nimal Siripala de Silva argued that because “ certain groups ” were plotting to assassinate President Rajapaksa , upholding emergency laws was critical , according to the Sri Lanka Broadcasting Corporation .
The motion received 87 out of 100 votes in favor .
Secretary to the Minister of Disaster Management and Human Rights Rajiva Wijesinhe said that the threat of terrorism is still a reality in Sri Lanka and that emergency regulations should continue because , “ we also owe it to our friends who supported us against terrorism to ensure that information pertaining to possible attacks on them , as part of the globalization of terror , will also be prevented . ”
“ Overall , regimes in Colombo have gotten used to ' rule by emergency , ' ” said Manoharan at the Center for Land Warfare Studies .
“ It is an exceptional case among democracies .
By some pretext or the other , they are imposed and extended . ”
In addition to O'Connor , who reported from New York , one journalist in New York and one in Sri Lanka contributed to this story but wish to remain anonymous to maintain their safety and that of their colleagues .
Last month , the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) made a splash when it proposed net neutrality rules that would treat all traffic on the Internet equally by enforcing mandates upon ISPs such as Comcast and AT&T , as well as wireless service carriers .
As expected though , the FCC 's new rules have created a division in opinions .
But while ISPs and the world 's largest Internet companies ( including Facebook , Twitter , Google , Digg , eBay , and Amazon ) have been duking it out , longtime Arizona Senator and former U.S. presidential candidate John McCain has stepped into the ring by introducing a bill to stop the FCC 's rules from coming to fruition .
The new rules , approved by the FCC earlier today , have raised significant Republican dissent , mostly on the grounds that it 's government intervention and " onerous federal regulation . "
The bill that Senator McCain introduced today , the Internet Freedom Act of 2009 , would keep the FCC from enforcing its new rules on ISPs .
In a press release , McCain stated his belief that net neutrality as it now stands would " stifle innovation , in turn slowing our economic turnaround and further depressing an already anemic job market . "
He also specifically objects to the FCC regulating the wireless industry , saying that a lack of government intervention has been central to its growth .
While Senator McCain has introduced a bill to stop the FCC , it 's unlikely to gather enough votes in the House and the Senate , and even then it 's very unlikely President Obama would sign the bill .
The bill is more likely McCain taking a public stand on the issue .
Regardless , it looks like the FCC 's rules are about to be put under the microscope and thrown into the fire .
Actifact Corporation
Actifact Corporation is a software development and consulting firm specializing in the field of active data warehousing , specifically for Teradata enterprise data warehouses .
The company has world class experience in designing and architecting both standard batch and near - realtime streaming loads and data access for large corporations .
Active Data Warehousing
Traditional data warehouses load data at most once a day .
This is acceptable for the majority of applications .
In some cases , however , there is a need for more recent data to be available in the warehouse at all times .
Data may have to be loaded at intervals of a few minutes as a minibatch , or continuously streamed into the data warehouse in near real time .
This data can then be made available to the enterprise to support tactical decisions .
This concept is also known as active data warehousing .
While the Teradata platform provides some facilities for low latency loading , minibatch and continous loads and tactical queries require the use of techniques that are very different from tranditional batch loads .
New considerations arise that range from the procurement of a streaming data feed to new methods for realtime transformations , the effects of sudden peaks in volume , and versioning strategies .
Actifact 's team of professionals is well versed in these techniques .
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
Salt lovers can be forgiven for indulging their taste for the savoury seasoning because salt –or sodium of which it is made – is required by the human body and used for various functions including hydration , cellular electrolyte balance , the transmission of nerve impulses and muscle contraction .
However too much of a good thing can be dangerous and , in the case of salt , too much can lead to life threatening medical conditions and death .
An excess of salt leads to high blood pressure which in turn leads to hardening arteries and diseases of the heart and kidneys .
But how much is too much ?
Both the UK and the US food standards agencies agree that an overall reduction of the salt in the average diet is a good thing .
Referring to the website of each government body , the recommended daily intake of salt seems to vary .
In the UK , the Food Standards Agency recommends a daily salt intake of no more than 6g , while the Food and Drug Administration in the US quotes a daily intake of 2,300 mg a day .
The figures look very different but in fact refer to the same amount – roughly one teaspoonful of salt .
Ordinary table salt contains both sodium and chloride .
The difference in the government figures is explained by the UK measuring the overall weight of table salt , while the US is measuring only the amount of sodium in a teaspoonful of salt .
Those who are over 50 , or are African - Americans , or those with chronic medical conditions are more likely to retain salt and their recommended daily intake should be lower – no more than 1,500 mg .
In a recent study the Center for Disease Control estimated that almost 70 % of the US population belonged in groups which should follow the lower daily salt intake .
In the UK , about a third of the people in Scotland and England have high blood pressure and about 94,000 die each year from heart disease .
Strokes leading to death or severe disability are also common and yet , the chances of contracting any of these illnesses can be greatly reduced .
The Food Standards Agency reports that 14,000 deaths a year could be prevented if people would just limit their salt intake to the daily recommended maximum .
In the US , the Center for Disease Control issued a press release in March 2009 stating that most Americans consume almost double the daily recommended dose .
Mirroring the UK figures the CDC goes on to say that heart disease and stokes are the first and third highest killers in the US .
Nationwide , 16 million men and women have heart disease and 5.8 million are estimated to have had a stroke .
People who reduce their sodium consumption benefit from improved blood pressure and reduce their risk for developing other serious health problems .
Choosing foods like fresh fruits and vegetables , when eating out , asking that foods be prepared without added salt , and reading the nutrition label of foods before purchasing can improve health for all adults .
Okay , So How Do I Cut Down on Salt ?
The first reaction when making a determined effort to cut down on sodium intake is to hide the table salt but that is not where the problem really lies .
According to the FSA , approximately 75 % of daily salt intake comes from manufactured food products like bread and cereals .
10 to 15 % of salt in the diet is naturally present in foods and only 10 to 15 % if the salt is added while cooking or at the table .
That does n't mean that you should not reduce your table consumption of salt for any reduction at all will be beneficial as demonstrated in a new study which shows that a reduction of only one gram per day can add years to your life .
However , being aware of salt or sodium levels in the processed foods you buy is the key to a healthier diet .
Salt is hidden in bread , cereals , canned soups and vegetables , cold meats , baked beans ... the list is endless .
Still , where an item has a food label , you at least have the ability to compare brands and find which one has the lowest sodium levels .
Where it gets trickier is in those items that you would n't consider a candidate for salt loading .
Take raw chicken , for example .
You would think buying fresh , raw meat would be better for you than the processed variety .
Unfortunately the poultry industry now injects saltwater solution into raw chicken which apparently gives a more succulent bird .
According to The Diet Blog , this practice may appear on the label as " enhanced with up to 15 % chicken broth " .
The awareness that salt is hidden in most processed foods and even in some fresh meats is crucial .
Cut down on canned goods , introduce more fresh vegetables and fruit , check labels and cut down on table consumption .
Reversible Linked Lists
Linked lists and doubly linked lists are the first data structure anybody learns about formally .
They let you insert and delete arbitrarily long subsections of a list just by fiddling with a few links at the very ends , so you can perform large splicing operations in constant time .
This algorithm describes an unusual form of doubly linked list which is reversible .
What that means is that , if you 're given a list , you can turn it backwards in constant time , just by fiddling with links at the ends , just like the other linked list operations .
A node in a reversible list looks very like a node in a doubly linked list .
You have two pointers to other nodes , and also some unspecified payload data stored in the node .
The difference is that it 's not fixed which of the two pointers points which way .
You could follow pointer number one to get to another node , and then find that in the new node , pointer number one pointed back the way you 'd come .
So if you loop along the list following a fixed one of the two pointers , you will end up going in smaller circles than you want !
To move along a reversible list , you have to keep track of where you 've just come from .
After you follow a link , you examine both pointers in the node you arrive in , to find out which of them points back to the node you just left .
Then you follow the other one .
This means that , in order to pass a whole reversible list around your program , it is n't sufficient just to supply a pointer to the first node in the list - because the recipient will need to know which of the two links to follow from that node .
To solve this , you can either specify a link selection flag alongside the pointer , or arrange that the link to follow in the first node is always the first of the two .
( The structure of a reversible list implies that you can swap the two pointers in a node without affecting the topology of the list ! )
Which you do is up to you ; the latter saves space but might have thread - safety problems ...
( Knuth suggests a space - saving optimisation for doubly linked lists which also naturally causes the list to be reversible : instead of storing both pointers separately , store their bitwise XOR .
That way you can always deduce either pointer given the other one , but they only take up one word of space . )
In order to reverse a list , then , you must start with a pointer to the head of the list and end up with a pointer to the tail .
To do this in constant time , the list must be circularly linked .
If you never need to reverse a whole list given only the head , but only ever need to reverse subsections of the list given pointers to both ends , you do n't need to link the list circularly .
Instead , you can simply have one of the two pointers in each end node be null .
This also makes it possible to pass a whole list around using only a pointer to the head : it 's obvious which of the links to follow from the head , because you choose the one that is n't null .
And once you 've followed the list all the way to the tail , you can pass a pointer to the tail node and you have the list in reverse order !
This is all a bit disjointed ; I have n't described a coherent set of algorithms , but instead a wide range of ideas and approaches .
Somewhere within this should be a form of reversible list suitable for anybody .
As a worked example , however , here 's a piece of pseudo - code which follows a reversible list until it finds a node A and a node B , and then reverses the section of list in between them in constant time .
function reverse - a - to - b( head , linkref ) : node = head while not ( is - node - A ( node ) ) : newnode = node.links [ linkref ] if newnode .
links [ 0 ] == node : linkref = 1 # link 0 points the way we came , so use link 1 else : linkref = 0 # link 1 points the way we came , so use link 0 end if end while nodeA = node linkrefA = linkref # Now " nodeA " points to node A , and " linkrefA " describes which link # goes " forwards " from there .
while not ( is - node - B ( node ) ) : newnode = node.links [ linkref ] if newnode.
links [ 0 ] == node : linkref = 1 # link 0 points the way we came , so use link 1 else : linkref = 0 # link 1 points the way we came , so use link 0 end if end while nodeB = node linkrefB = linkref # Now " nodeB " points to node B , and " linkrefB " describes which # link goes " forwards " from there .
So ( 1 - linkrefB ) gives the link # that goes backwards , i.e. towards the section of list we want # to reverse .
temp = nodeA.links[ linkrefA ] nodeA.links[linkrefA ] = nodeB.links[1-linkrefB ] nodeB.links[1-linkrefB ] = temp #
That 's swapped the links _into_ the section .
Now we need to # swap the links back out .
node = nodeA.links [ linkrefA ] # the node at the A end , formerly at B end if node.
links [ 0 ] == nodeB : node.links [ 0 ] = nodeA # link 0 pointed back at B ; point it at A else : node.
links [ 1 ] = nodeA # link 1 pointed back at B ; point it at A end if node = nodeB.links [ 1- linkrefB ] # the node at the B end , formerly at A end if node.
links [ 0 ] == nodeA : node.links [ 0 ] = nodeB # link 0 pointed back at A ; point it at B else : node.
links [ 1 ] = nodeB # link 1 pointed back at A ; point it at B end if end function
The usual linked list operations ( inserting a subsection , deleting a subsection , and so on ) still complete in constant time .
The new operation , of reversing a list or a list segment , also completes in constant time .
I can't remember the application I invented this for .
I did have a specific problem I was trying to solve , which inspired me to invent reversible lists ; but the problem turned out to be easily solved by more conventional means , and also I 've forgotten what it was .
The only concrete application I can think of for reversible lists is in implementing the extremely old computer game Qix , in which you draw an arbitrarily shaped line across the screen and one side of the line gets filled in .
One algorithm for area filling is the winding number rule , which requires you to make a loop along the perimeter of the area , and therefore is well suited to having the perimeter stored as a linked list of line segments .
So you would have the existing screen perimeter as a list , and you would have the new line drawn by the player as another list .
You would divide the perimeter into two parts at the start and end points of the user 's line .
Then you would join the user 's line on to one part of the original perimeter to obtain the boundary of the area to be filled .
Once you had filled it , you could then unlink the user 's line from that list and link it to the other half of the original perimeter , to be used as the new perimeter of the playable screen .
The only trouble is , you need the list to be linked in the opposite order for the two uses , so you either have to construct a second copy pointing the other way , or use reversible lists .
In summary : I can't think of any reason this algorithm might be seriously useful .
But it 's very cute .
On 2004 - 11 - 23 I received mail from one Colin Osterman at the University of Mississippi , who has also invented a similar but more efficient data structure and ( in conjunction with César Rego ) has actually published papers on it .
His version is called a " satellite list " , and involves conceptually having two linked list nodes per item of real data .
Each node has a link to its sibling , and a link to one of the nodes in the next item along the list .
The clever bit is that each node 's next - item link links to whichever of the nodes in the next item does n't link back to this item ; so you can traverse the list very efficiently in either direction just by following next - item links .
To turn round and go back the way you came , you simply follow one sibling link , which effectively makes a U - turn .
The advantage of this representation is that you need no if statements to traverse the list , so it 's significantly faster .
The additional storage cost is mostly mitigated by keeping the two sibling nodes side by side in a way that allows you to get from one to the other by doing bitwise operations on the node address , which means you still only need to store two actual pointers per data item , not four .
Here 's a link to Osterman and Rego 's paper .
( back to algorithms index )
Need for Speed : Shift , the latest racing title from Electronic Arts and Slightly Mad Studios , is sure to be a hit when it arrives on store shelves this September .
And in addition to the simulation emphasis of the title , NFS : Shift is going to sport an impressive variety of circuit cars that are equal parts agile and fast .
EA was kind enough to supply us with images of their vehicle roster , which you can view in the image gallery below .
But we ’re warning you , it ’s quite extensive .
Stay tuned on PlayStation LifeStyle for all your gaming updates , and our review of Need for Speed : Shift .
" Where 's the fight ? "
As I sat in Section 216A , that was the first thing I thought .
A number of fans near the tunnel to the Red Wings dressing room stood up suddenly .
Usually a group of fans standing like that means that there 's a fight : if not on the ice , then at the very least in the stands .
And the idea of a fight in the lower bowl ... the premium seats ... that'd be rather unbelievable , especially with the game still in the first period .
My peripheral vision did n't see anyone paired off on the ice .
Before I could really focus on the seating bowl , I saw three Red Wings players leap onto the ice , with no Red Wings players anywhere near the seating bench .
" What in God 's name are they doing ? " I briefly thought .
The seats my best friend had gotten that night were almost perfectly aligned with the two benches , with the Red Wings bench on the far side .
The referees whistled the play dead , and there was a commotion going on at the far side of the bench .
I could n't see why exactly play had stopped , but the fans who stood up were all looking at the tunnel end of the bench .
Mike Babcock was on the bench , waving and screaming out for help .
A few more Wings players leapt onto the ice .
I still could n't figure out what had set this off .
The usual buzz in the arena had started to quiet even more .
And then I saw the legs .
For all the success the Red Wings have had over the past 16 years ( four Cups , six trips to the finals , six Presidents ' Trophies ) , it 's safe to say that there are two what ifs that linger :
What if Vladimir Konstantinov had n't been in that limo ?
What if Jiri Fischer did n't have a heart problem ?
Two defensemen who were vital cogs in organization when they were both removed from commission .
Konstantinov had the highest plus-minus score in the league in 1996 , with a +60 , the highest since Wayne Gretzky finished +70 in 1987 .
No player has finished with a higher number since .
His pesky play drove offenses crazy .
Fischer was the Wings first round draft pick in 1998 , quickly working his way up to the Red Wings by the 2000 season , staying for good in 2002 .
He had become a fixture for the Wings .
After the non-season in 2005 , there was a sense that Fischer was about to become a key player , possibly partnered with Nicklas Lidstrom on the first defensive line .
Coming into that night , Fischer was pacing for his best season : three goals already , and mixing it up nicely with the opposition .
No one in our section could figure out whose legs were sticking out .
People were trying to use elimination and their programs to figure it out .
I had pulled out my phone to text message my brother watching the game at home .
By this point , the far end of the bench had turned into controlled chaos .
I could see the tops of heads running up and down the tunnel .
People were leaning over the player .
Whomever was down was n't moving .
That buzz of the crowd had become a funeral - like whisper .
The entire Red Wings bench had emptied onto the ice .
The question became what happened to the player .
Play was nowhere near the benches , so it was n't because of a stray puck or stick .
Someone must have collapsed for some unknown reason .
A stretcher was wheeled onto the ice from the Zamboni entrance .
As I recall , there was a box on it of some kind .
The stretcher was skated over to near where the player was .
By this time , the Nashville Predators were sent to their dressing room .
The decision was made to send the Wings back to their dressing room using the visiting team tunnel .
( For those who are n't familiar with the locker room area , it 's pretty easy to do this : both tunnels go to the ground - level concourse .
The team would simply go out to the concourse , make a couple right turns , then make a left to go into the locker room . )
So all the fans were left to look at was this flurry of activity and the stretcher and an empty sheet of ice .
My phone buzzed .
" Fischer is the player down . "
This was not the first time I had been at a sporting event where the building had silenced .
In 1997 , my brother had invited me to the last Lions game of the season , as the Lions played the New York Jets .
That was the game where Reggie Brown lay motionless near my brother 's season tickets ( seven rows up in the non-tunnel endzone ) .
The vision of the Lions players screaming for a stretcher , running towards the tunnel , was incredible
That day , the fans would occasionally chant " REG - GIE ! REG - GIE ! " to try to motivate him , but my brother and I sat there as they started frantically performing CPR , and we both realized that this was not just bad , but that we may very well have just watched a man die on the field .
Wikipedia says he was motionless for 17 minutes , but it felt twice as long .
They brought a woman down from the tunnel , and she was assisted across the ice by a Wings player .
We figured it was Fischer 's wife or girlfriend ( it was his fiancee ) .
After what seemed like 30 minutes , they moved Fischer onto the stretcher and down the tunnel .
And 20,000 people sat there wondering what the hell was going to happen next .
The Zambonis came out to resurface the ice , even though there was still about eight minutes left in the period .
My best friend went out for a smoke , and I went with her .
Standing on the river - side doors , we noticed that those who were n't smoking were on their phones , either calling or texting .
My brother was relaying reports from FS Detroit , and as someone learned something , it was passed around the crowd .
We went back in to the soothing sounds of Chuck Mangione ( perhaps the first and only time an American sporting event was graced with smooth jazz ) .
The video board simply showed an animated Red Wings logo on a continuous loop .
We waited .
What else was there to do ?
The alternate PA guy made an announcement that Fischer was being transported to the hospital ( which brought cheers from the crowd ) .
Finally , after about an hour of waiting , the announcement was made that the game was postponed , to hold your tickets for further news , and thanking us for attending .
The fans quietly rose out of their seats and made their way out of Joe Louis Arena .
In the hamster tube back to the Joe Louis Arena garage , the usual boisterous attitude was replaced with a solemn march .
The conversations seemed muted .
We all headed back to our cars , unsure exactly what we had just seen , but damn sure we were n't going to forget it any time soon .
It turns out , what we had seen was a man go into cardiac arrest .
Fischer would never play professional hockey again .
The game would be replayed from the beginning , with the one goal scored by the Predators carried over to that game .
I had a conflict the night of the rescheduled game , so I had to give the tickets up .
For the Red Wings , they proceeded to win their fourth Stanley Cup two seasons later .
The defensive core continues to impress , led by Nicklas Lidstrom .
Fischer now works in the front office as the director of player development .
Someone on a sports blog I read recently said " There is nothing like being at a game and thinking ' I might have just watched someone die . ' "
Having witnessed it twice , I can assure you that statement is absolutely true .
We go to these games as an escape , and when that escapism is violated , we keep that scar tissue forever , as a reminder of what happens when the boundaries are crossed .
And we look for a fight that is n't there .
In the Washington Times , some astonishing news :
" President Obama has reaffirmed a 4 - decade - old secret understanding that has allowed Israel to keep a nuclear arsenal without opening it to international inspections , three officials familiar with the understanding said .
The officials , who spoke on the condition that they not be named because they were discussing private conversations , said Mr. Obama pledged to maintain the agreement when he first hosted Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at the White House in May . "
This news story is an enigma wrapped up in what may be a misunderstanding , or even pure myth .
To begin with , this alleged 40 - year " secret understanding " is not very well understood .
As Avner Cohen puts it in Ha’aretz :
" What exactly was agreed on by Nixon and Meir is in itself ambiguous .
Although both leaders dictated the minutes of what had been said and agreed on , each had his or her own version of what had been said .
American documents recently declassified indicate that about a month after that conversation , even Henry Kissinger , at the time Nixon ’s national security adviser , was not fully aware of the exact details of what the two agreed on . "
There ’s no verification of this agreement in the Nixon Library , nor is there anything in the Israeli archives .
We ’re just supposed to accept it on faith that the U.S. government agreed to shield the Israelis from nuclear scrutiny unto eternity , without asking for anything in return .
So unlike Nixon .
In any case , whatever the nature of what seems to have been a purely verbal agreement , it appears to have been broken by the Israelis , who were presumably pledged to secrecy .
Alas , that secrecy has been violated by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who , according to the Times , " let the news of the continued U.S. - Israeli accord slip last week in a remark that attracted little notice .
He was asked by Israel ’s Channel 2 whether he was worried that Mr. Obama ’s speech at the UN General Assembly , calling for a world without nuclear weapons , would apply to Israel .
‘ It was utterly clear from the context of the speech that he was speaking about North Korea and Iran , ’ the Israeli leader said .
‘ But I want to remind you that in my first meeting with President Obama in Washington I received from him , and I asked to receive from him , an itemized list of the strategic understandings that have existed for many years between Israel and the United States on that issue .
It was not for naught that I requested , and it was not for naught that I received [ that document ] . ’ "
What document ?
Please , Bibi , release it , so we can be let in on the secret .
After all , it ’s no secret anymore , thanks to your big mouth .
Given the reality of the Obama - Netanyahu agreement – and I , for one , believe it , if only because Bill Clinton is reputed to have renewed the pact as an addendum to the Wye negotiations , and the same crew is back in charge – one has to ask : what exactly do we get out of it ?
The privilege of lying for Israel ’s sake , and that ’s about it .
And it is n’t even a remotely convincing lie : everyone knows Israel has at least 200 nuclear weapons , and no one is fooling anybody when it comes to their willingness to use them .
Indeed , the head of the UN ’s nuclear watchdog agency , Mohammed el - Baradei , recently opined that the main danger to peace in the Middle East is n’t Iran – which , after all , does n’t have nukes and officially abjures the possibility – but Israel , which does have them and refuses to even acknowledge possession , never mind letting in UN inspectors .
Obama ’s efforts to end nuclear proliferation – which he rightly sees as the greatest danger to our security , both foreign and domestic – is made a mockery of by this secret agreement .
In public , Dear Leader talks about the prospect of a nuclear - free world , while in private he ’s canoodling with the increasingly hysterical Israelis , who may just resort to nuking Tehran if they feel " existentially " threatened .
This goes way beyond mere hypocrisy : it actively undermines our national security interests , as well as the president ’s faltering attempts to negotiate an end to the standoff with Tehran .
For if Israel is to be allowed to keep its nukes , without even having to acknowledge them , then the Iranians and the Arab states must reconcile themselves to living in the shadow of nuclear annihilation .
This imbalance means a region in permanent crisis .
The idea that we can prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons without also disarming the nuclear - armed Israelis is a pipe dream : there are no prospects for anything but constant turmoil culminating in war unless and until we approach the problem in an evenhanded way .
The alleged sanctity of the Nixon - Meir secret agreement is the biggest obstacle standing in our way – a roadblock of our own making .
Israeli exceptionalism – treating the Jewish state as if it were the 51st state , rather than an independent country – grossly distorts our foreign policy , endangers our security , and imperils our real interests in the Middle East .
Its origins lie in the fact that foreign policy in a democratic polity is the result of interest groups lobbying to substitute their own goals and interests for the interests of the nation as a whole , and the powerful Israel lobby plays this game very well .
Until and unless the Lobby is reined in – and , yes , defeated – there will be no justice and certainly no peace in the region .
NOTES IN THE MARGIN
Completists : you might want to get yourself a subscription to Chronicles magazine .
Starting with the upcoming issue , my column , " Between the Lines , " will appear in that august journal , and I will post regular contributions to the magazine ’s Web site .
I also have the cover story in the current issue : " Exporting Multiculturalism – At Gunpoint . "
I love Chronicles : back in the dark old pre-Internet days , when I was the archetypal Unknown Writer , laboring away at my biography of Murray N. Rothbard , Chronicles was my only regular outlet .
I am pleased beyond measure to have the opportunity to address their remarkably literate audience on a monthly basis .
Also ,
The American Conservative , where I am a contributing editor , has posted my previously unavailable online review essay on the life and work of Isabel Paterson , literary critic and libertarian polemicist of the 1940s .
Go check it out .
And I ca n’t leave out the fact that Young American Revolution , the quarterly magazine put out by Young Americans for Liberty ( YAL ) , has published my review essay of Jennifer Burns ’ Goddess of the Market : Ayn Rand and the American Right .
While we ’re on the subject , YAL is really making spectacular progress , with membership – and media notice – on a definite upswing .
Go check it out , and while you ’re at it get yourself a copy of the latest YAR .
Young people who want to get active in the anti-interventionist , pro-freedom movement often ask me what concrete actions they can take , and now I have the definitive answer : join YAL !
Zionism 's Jewish Enemy Alan Hart Interviews Professor Ilan Pappe , Israel ’s leading “ new ” or “ revisionist ” historian .
Like all Israelis , Ilan was brought up , conditioned , to believe Zionism ’s version of the history of the making and sustaining of the Arab - Israeli conflict .
It was n’t until he went to England to continue his academic studies that he had access to documentation which enabled him to understand that Zionism ’s version is a propaganda lie .
Video posted November 04 , 2009
Press play and wait a moment for video to load Part 2 Alan Hart is a former ITN and BBC Panorama foreign correspondent who covered wars and conflicts wherever they were taking place in the world and specialized in the Middle East .
Author of Zionism : The Real Enemy of the Jews : The False Messiah ( Zionism , the Real Enemy of the Jews ) .
He blogs on www.alanhart.net
Please read our Comment Policy before posting - Please read our Comment Policy before posting -
We ask readers to play a proactive role and click the " Report link [ at the base of each comment ] when in your opinion , comments cross the line and become purely offensive , racist or disrespectful to others .
In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C.
Section 107 , this material is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research and educational purposes .
Information Clearing House has no affiliation whatsoever with the originator of this article nor is Information ClearingHouse endorsed or sponsored by the originator . )
Parece natural que en un país con una tradición tan autoritaria como México despierte un gran interés el nombramiento del nuevo presidente de la Comisión Nacional de los Derechos Humanos ( CNDH ) .
Más aún , la liberación hace unas cuantas semanas de la indígena Jacinta Francisco Marcial , quien pasó tres años en prisión al ser injustamente acusada del secuestro de seis agentes federales , muestra como la violación de los derechos humanos es un tema actual y muestra también que son los grupos más desprotegidos , indígenas , mujeres , personas en situación de pobreza , quienes están más expuestos a ver sus derechos humanos vulnerados .
Por ello , no debería de sorprendernos el gran número de personas que registraron su candidatura de manera oficial , 33 al cierre oficial de la convocatoria el pasado viernes , o que expresaron interés en ello , algunos de ellos probados luchadores por los derechos humanos .
Pero el número de candidatos es tan alto que uno no puede dejar de pensar si no existe , en algunos , otra motivación .
Al grano , el puesto es muy apetecible : los dos primeros presidentes de la comisión fueron posteriormente Procuradores Generales de Justicia , y el primero de ellos fue también Secretario de Gobernación ( el equivalente en México a Ministro del Interior ) ; Mireille Rocatti , quien fue la tercer titular de la comisión , fue posteriormente Secretaria de Medio Ambiente y Subprocuradora del Estado de México en la actual administración de Enrique Peña Nieto .
Finalmente , el actual presidente José Luis Soberanes ha dado muestras de su interés por ocupar una silla de la Suprema Corte de justicia de la Nación .
Pero el atractivo de la posición no radica únicamente en que puede servir como trampolín político , ni en la gran exposición a los medios que tiene su titular , la CNDH tiene un presupuesto de 912 millones de pesos ( 68 millones de dólares ) y el presidente de la comisión un sueldo neto de 149 mil pesos mensuales , salario ligeramente mayor que el del Presidente de la República .
Los grandes recursos de la oficina del ombudsman no son los únicos en el panorama mexicano .
Es que justamente como parte de la lucha en contra del autoritarismo mexicano se le dio tratamiento jurídico - presupuestario a aquellos órganos que sirven como contrapeso del Ejecutivo Federal : al Instituto Federal Electoral , a la Suprema Corte , al Congreso y a la Comisión Nacional de Derechos Humanos se les da , entre otras cosas , autonomía presupuestal .
La idea es sencilla y bien intencionada .
Para evitar que estos órganos sean sujetos de presiones económicas , la norma indica que una vez que su presupuesto es aprobado por la Cámara de Diputados estas oficinas están en total libertad de decidir cómo lo gastan ( es decir , son autónomos en tal decisión ) , fijar sus salarios y determinar sus prioridades .
En este sentido , el Ejecutivo federal se limita a entregar mensualmente , a través de la Secretaría de Hacienda , lo que a cada órgano corresponde .
Este sistema de protección de los órganos autónomos abrió la posibilidad de abusos .
Los salarios más altos de los funcionarios mexicanos son aquellos de quienes pertenecen a los órganos autónomos .
No ha sido inusual , como es el caso del presidente de la CNDH , que los funcionarios de este tipo de dependencias ganen más que el Presidente de la República , a veces , significativamente más .
Así que estamos hablando de un puesto magníficamente remunerado , cuyo titular no puede ser removido por el Presidente ( de hecho , el actual ombudsman está por cumplir diez años en su puesto , después de un periodo de reelección ) con una gran autonomía para ejercer el presupuesto y nombrar el personal , y por si fuera poco , un puesto que depara un buen futuro político .
En suma , es una silla que tiene todas las características para ser deseada por un político ambicioso que quiera acceder a una posición envidiable y con privilegios .
¿ Pero no es esta la antítesis de un defensor de los derechos humanos ?
¿ No son justamente los menos privilegiados quienes son más susceptibles de ver vulnerados sus derechos humanos ?
No se me entienda mal , entre los candidatos ya registrados están algunos que tienen una trayectoria probada que avala su compromiso en la lucha por los derechos humanos , algunos de ellos podrían ser excelentes presidentes de la Comisión Nacional de Derechos Humanos .
Justo por ello , dudo mucho que sean elegidos , el puesto es demasiado apetecible y el proceso de selección esta demasiado politizado .
Ojala que no sea así .
早速、実用に使いたいので 、GO 言語( golang ) で PostgreSQL につないでみたくなった 。
課題：
１ ．GO 言語から 、PostgreSQL につなぐ 。
PostgreSQL bindings for golang
２．そのためには、GO 言語から、外部の C ライブラリを呼び出す必要がある 。
C library ( libpq ) binding for golang .
いい加減だが、なんとかクリア。
追記：github においてみた 。
I put PostgreSQL binding for golang to github .
--> github:go-pg
$ git clone git://github.com/oibore/go-pg.git go-pg $ cd go - pg / src $ make $ ./ runnner
まず、C で PostgrSQL のライブラリ libpq の Wrapper。
$ cat pg_wrapper.h #ifndef __PG_WRAPPER_H__ # define __PG_WRAPPER_H__ void * PgConnectDb( const char* conninfo ) ; void PgFinish ( void * conn ) ; int PgStatus ( void * conn ) ; void * PgExec ( void * conn , const char * command ) ; void * PgGetResult ( void * conn ) ; int PgNFields ( void * res ) ; int PgNTuples ( void * res ) ; int PgGetIsNull ( void * res , int row_number , int column_number ) ; char * PgGetValue ( void * res , int row_number , int column_number ) ; #endif /* __PG_WRAPPER_H__ */ $ cat pg_wrapper .c #include #include " pg_wrapper.h " void * PgConnectDb ( const char * conninfo ) { PGconn * conn = PQconnectdb( conninfo ) ; return conn ; } void PgFinish ( void * conn ) { PQfinish ( conn ) ; } int PgStatus ( void * conn ) { return PQstatus ( conn ) ; } void * PgExec ( void * conn , const char * command ) { return PQexec ( conn , command ) ; } void * PgGetResult ( void * conn ) { return PQgetResult ( conn ) ; } int PgNFields ( void * res ) { return PQnfields ( res ) ; } int PgNTuples ( void * res ) { return PQntuples ( res ) ; } int PgGetIsNull ( void * res , int row_number , int column_number ) { return PQgetisnull ( res , row_number , column_number ) ; } char * PgGetValue ( void * res , int row_number , int column_number ) { return PQgetvalue ( res , row_number , column_number ) ; }
次に 、GO の import する pkg ( ? ) 。
$ cat pg.go package pg // #include " pg_wrapper.h " import " C " import ( " unsafe " ; ) func Connect ( conninfo string ) unsafe .
Pointer { conn := C.PgConnectDb( C.CString(conninfo ) ) ; return conn ; } func Close ( conn unsafe .
Pointer ) { C.PgFinish ( conn ) ; } func Status ( conn unsafe .
Pointer ) int { status := C.PgStatus ( conn ) ; return int( status ) ; } func Exec( conn unsafe .
Pointer , command string ) unsafe .
Pointer { res := C.PgExec( conn , C.CString ( command ) ) ; return res ; } func GetResult ( conn unsafe .
Pointer ) unsafe .
Pointer { return C.PgGetResult ( conn ) ; } func NFields ( res unsafe .
Pointer ) int { return int( C.PgNFields ( res ) ) ; } func NTuples ( res unsafe .
Pointer ) int { return int( C.PgNTuples ( res ) ) ; } func GetIsNull ( res unsafe .
Pointer , row_number int , column_number int ) int { return int( C.PgGetIsNull(res , _ C_int( row_number ) , _ C_int( column_number ) ) ) ; } func GetValue ( res unsafe .
Pointer , row_number int , column_number int ) string { value := C.GoString ( C.PgGetValue(res , _ C_int( row_number ) , _ C_int ( column_number ) ) ) ; return value ; }
ほんで、本体となる go スクリプト 。
$ cat runner .
go package main import ( " fmt " ; " pg " ; ) func main ( ) { conninfo := " dbname=testdb " ; conn := pg.Connect ( conninfo ) ; status := pg.Status ( conn ) ; fmt .
Printf ( " conninfo= %s , status=%d
" , conninfo , status ) ; res := pg. Exec( conn , " select * from users ; " ) ; //res := pg.GetResult( conn ) ; fileds := pg.NFields ( res ) ; fmt .
Printf ( " fields = %d
" , fileds ) ; value := pg. GetValue( res , 0 , 0 ) ; fmt .
Printf ( " value = %s
" , value ) ; pg.Close ( conn ) ; }
それと 、Makefile。これは i386 , Linux 用なので、64な人とか、MacOS
X などは適宜変更すること。
You need to change Makefile for $ GOARCH and $ GOOS .
$ Makefile include $ ( GOROOT ) / src / Make .$ ( GOARCH ) TARG=pg CGOFILES=pg.go CGO_LDFLAGS=pg_wrapper.o -lpq CLEANERFILES +=runner include $ ( GOROOT ) / src/Make.pkg all : runner runner : pg_wrapper.o install runner.go $ ( GC ) runner .go $ ( LD ) -o $ @ runner .
$ O pg_wrapper.o : pg_wrapper.c gcc - fPIC - O2 -o pg_wrapper.o -c pg_wrapper.c
あとは make すればよし 。
[ oibore@dural pg ] $ ls Makefile pg.go pg_wrapper.c pg_wrapper.h runner .go work [ oibore@dural pg ] $ make cgo pg.go 8g -o _go_.8 pg.cgo1.go pg.cgo2.go 8 c - FVw -I/home/oibore/go/src/pkg/runtime pg.cgo3.c rm -f _obj / pg.a gopack grc _obj / pg.a _go_.8 pg.cgo3.8 gcc - fPIC - O2 -o pg_wrapper.o -c pg_wrapper.c cp _obj/pg.a /home/oibore/go/pkg/linux_386/pg.a gcc -m32 - fPIC - O2 -o pg.cgo4.o - c pg.cgo4.c gcc -m32 - shared - lpthread - lm -o pg_pg.so pg.cgo4.o pg_wrapper.o -lpq cp pg_pg.so /home/oibore/go/pkg/linux_386/./pg_pg.so 8g runner.go 8l -o runner runner .8 rm pg.cgo4.o pg_pg.so [ oibore@dural pg ] $ ./ runner fields = 2 value = foo
面倒なので、ファイル一式アップしておく。
追記：
github においてみた。--> github:go-pg
まだ、複数行とタプルを連続してとれない。
select して、0行目の0番目のカラムみたいなかんじ。
まずは各 DB 毎にドライバかいて、いずれは DBI みたいなのを作るのかな 。
ややこしかったところ：
1 ) C の Wrap で、相互に変数をやり取りするとき 、
String の場合、 C -> GO は C.CString ( ) 、 GO -> C は C.GoString ( ) をつかう 。
int の場合、C -> GO は int ( ) でいけるが、 GO -> C は _ C_int ( ) とする必要がある 。
2 ) C のライブラリを呼び出すの は
// include " pg_wrapper.h " import " C "
とか、やるらしい 。
参考リン ク
go で sqlite3
gmp.go
gotweet
libpq - C ライブラ リ
CPAN Pg
I do n’t remember exactly how I found Matthew Williamson ’s Earph Exhibitions , but I was immediately stunned by the images .
Designed mainly for posters and prints , these futuristic collages remind one of scenes from a sci- fi movie or a Pink Floyd cover .
Williamson works as an independent web - designer in Austin , Texas .
He says that Earph Exhibitions is his creative outlet .
–LB
www.earphexhibitions.com
Only hours after the strike , commanders in Afghanistan had informed headquarters in Potsdam , that there were two dead teenagers in Kunduz hospital as well as six people injured " aged between 10 and 20 " .
John Thompson was on death row for 14 years
By Dave Lee
BBC World Service
John Thompson spent 14 years on death row for crimes he did not commit .
Convicted of killing New Orleans hotel executive Ray Liuzza , and for a carjacking weeks later , he was preparing to be sent to his death at the notorious Angola State Penitentiary in Louisiana - the largest maximum security prison in the United States .
After six execution dates , John had exhausted all his appeals .
His seventh date - 22 May 1999 - was to be his last .
In one final twist , a new investigator uncovered some previously lost evidence .
After a retrial , John was freed in 2003 .
It was the start of another struggle - surviving in the outside world .
It was a struggle which has led John to found a new charity helping former death row inmates : Resurrection After Exoneration .
He told BBC World Service 's Outlook programme his story .
You need somebody to sit down with you and talk to you and let you know that what you just experienced was wrong
John Thompson " I was glad to be coming home .
I was overwhelmed with the thought of me having my freedom , but at the same time I was scared to death because I did n't know what I was coming in to .
I did n't know where I was going .
" I only had a mother .
My two sons had grown .
I was coming into a world where I had no future - I did n't know what to expect . "
Yet , unusually for a death row inmate , John was surrounded by people willing to help him get his life back on track .
" I had a remarkable supporting cast of people when I came home .
When I first came home I started working for the death penalty law firm that represent guys on death row .
So I had a job immediately waiting for me . "
He was also offered a house , a book deal and movie deal .
Before the week was out , he 'd even met his future wife .
" I was blessed , but not my other exonerated brothers .
They was n't as blessed as I was when I came home . "
Psychological rehab
It was this experience which drove him to set up his charity helping wrongly convicted death row inmates to fit back into the outside world .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The group provides housing , education and work opportunities to people who are otherwise shunned by society .
" When you come home you need some total psychological rehab .
" You need somebody to sit down with you and talk to you and let you know that what you just experienced was wrong .
" You need the help , you need a job .
People do not want to give these guys a second chance and that 's what my programme is about . "
John 's time on death row was a constant battle against the law and his own state of mind .
" You need to find out what they 're trying to kill you for , what the rules and regulations is .
" They actually bring a warrant to your cell and tell you to sign it , for them to have permission to kill you .
I never did . "
In the 14 years of his stay , he saw 12 of his fellow inmates - friends - be executed .
" On death row we 're supposed to be the worst of the worst , yet within 24 hours of [ an ] execution , we fast that whole day .
Everybody on death row , they will pray for the victim 's family , we will pray for our family .
Asking that God ease everyone of their burdens and pain . "
John knew his time was fast approaching .
" I was hoping that somewhere down the line someone would see that I was innocent .
But the reality was I was an African - American male - really , really poor .
And I was accused of killing a rich , white guy .
I did n't feel like I would ever have an opportunity to prove my innocence again . "
He nearly did n't .
One day , as John sat in his cell , his lawyers gave him his seventh execution date .
He would be killed the day after his youngest son's high school graduation .
At his son's school , a teacher discussed the execution in one of his classes , unaware of who was listening .
" My son was in the classroom - he had a nervous breakdown . "
Forensic evidence Just as John and his family were coming to terms with his imminent execution , a new investigator was hired .
OUTLOOK Outlook is broadcast daily on the BBC World Service
It is also available as a podcast
It proved to be an appointment that saved his life .
On the same day John was being told of his final execution date , the investigator uncovered some forensic tests that proved his innocence .
The evidence , which had previously been lost , showed that blood found on the carjacking victim 's trousers was n't from either the victim or John .
" It was just that simple - it was a matter of knowing the right question to ask at the right time , to the right person . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The true formula of atheism is not God is dead – even by basing the origin of the function of the father upon his murder , Freud protects the father – the true formula of atheism is God is unconscious [ 1 ]
In order to properly understand this passage , one has to read it together with another thesis of Lacan .
These two dispersed statements should be treated as the pieces of a puzzle to be combined into one coherent proposition .
It is only their interconnection ( plus the reference to the Freudian dream of the father who does n’t know that he is dead ) [ 2 ] that enables us to deploy Lacan ’s basic thesis in its entirety :
As you know , the father Karamazov ’s son Ivan leads the latter into those audacious avenues taken by the thought of the cultivated man , and in particular , he says , if God does n’t exist …
– If God does n’t exist , the father says , then everything is permitted .
Quite evidently , a naïve notion , for we analysts know full well that if God does n’t exist , then nothing at all is permitted any longer .
Neurotics prove that to us every day . [ 3 ]
The modern atheist thinks he knows that God is dead ; what he does n’t know is that , unconsciously , he continues to believe in God .
What characterizes modernity is no longer the standard figure of the believer who secretly harbors intimate doubts about his belief and engages in transgressive fantasies ; today , we have , on the contrary , a subject who presents himself as a tolerant hedonist dedicated to the pursuit of happiness , and whose unconscious is the site of prohibitions : what is repressed are not illicit desires or pleasures , but prohibitions themselves .
“ If God does n’t exist , then everything is prohibited ” means that the more you perceive yourself as an atheist , the more your unconscious is dominated by prohibitions which sabotage your enjoyment .
( One should not forget to supplement this thesis with its opposite : if God exists , then everything is permitted – is this not the most succinct definition of the religious fundamentalist ’s predicament ?
For him , God fully exists , he perceives himself as His instrument , which is why he can do whatever he wants , his acts are in advance redeemed , since they express the divine will … )
Instead of bringing freedom , the fall of the oppressive authority thus gives rise to new and more severe prohibitions .
How are we to account for this paradox ?
Think of the situation known to most of us from our youth : the unfortunate child who , on Sunday afternoon , has to visit his grandmother instead of being allowed to play with friends .
The old - fashioned authoritarian father ’s message to the reluctant boy would have been : “ I do n’t care how you feel .
Just do your duty , go to grandmother and behave there properly ! ”
In this case , the child ’s predicament is not bad at all : although forced to do something he clearly does n’t want to , he will retain his inner freedom and the ability to ( later ) rebel against the paternal authority .
Much more tricky would have been the message of a “ postmodern ” non-authoritarian father : “ You know how much your grandmother loves you !
But , nonetheless , I do not want to force you to visit her – go there only if you really want to ! ”
Every child who is not stupid ( and as a rule they are definitely not stupid ) will immediately recognize the trap of this permissive attitude : beneath the appearance of a free choice there is an even more oppressive demand than the one formulated by the traditional authoritarian father , namely an implicit injunction not only to visit the grandmother , but to do it voluntarily , out of the child ’s own free will .
Such a false free choice is the obscene superego injunction : it deprives the child even of his inner freedom , ordering him not only what to do , but what to want to do .
For decades , a classic joke has circulated among Lacanians to exemplify the key role of the Other ’s knowledge : a man who believes himself to be a grain of seed is taken to the mental institution where the doctors do their best to finally convince him that he is not a grain but a man .
When he is cured ( convinced that he is not a grain of seed but a man ) and allowed to leave the hospital , he immediately comes back trembling .
There is a chicken outside the door and he is afraid that it will eat him .
“ Dear fellow , ” says his doctor , “ you know very well that you are not a grain of seed but a man ” .
“ Of course I know that , ” replies the patient , “ but does the chicken know it ? ”
Therein resides the true stake of psychoanalytic treatment : it is not enough to convince the patient about the unconscious truth of his symptoms , the unconscious itself must be brought to assume this truth .
The same holds true for the Marxian theory of commodity fetishism :
A commodity appears at first sight an extremely obvious , trivial thing .
But its analysis brings out that it is a very strange thing , abounding in metaphysical subtleties and theological niceties . [ 4 ]
Marx does not claim , in the usual way of Enlightenment critique , that critical analysis should demonstrate how a commodity – what appears a mysterious theological entity – emerged out of the “ ordinary ” real - life process ; he claims , on the contrary , that the task of critical analysis is to unearth the “ metaphysical subtleties and theological niceties ” in what appears at first sight just an ordinary object .
Commodity fetishism ( our belief that commodities are magic objects , endowed with an inherent metaphysical power ) is not located in our mind , in the way we ( mis ) perceive reality , but in our social reality itself .
In other words , when a Marxist encounters a bourgeois subject immersed in commodity fetishism , the Marxist ’s reproach to him is not “ The commodity may seem to you to be a magical object endowed with special powers , but it really is just a reified expression of relations between people ” but rather , “ You may think that the commodity appears to you as a simple embodiment of social relations ( that , for example , money is just a kind of voucher entitling you to a part of the social product ) , but this is not how things really seem to you .
In your social reality , by means of your participation in social exchange , you bear witness to the uncanny fact that a commodity really appears to you as a magical object endowed with special powers . ”
We can imagine a bourgeois subject visiting a course of Marxism where he is taught about commodity fetishism .
After the finished course , he comes back to his teacher , complaining that he is still the victim of commodity fetishism .
The teacher tells him “ But you know now how things stand , that commodities are only expressions of social relations , that there is nothing magic about them ! ” , to which the pupil replies : “ Of course I know all that , but the commodities I am dealing with seem not to know it ! ”
This is what Lacan aimed at in his claim that the true formula of materialism is not “ God does n’t exist , ” but “ God is unconscious . ”
Suffice it to recall what , in a letter to Max Brod , Milena Jesenska wrote about Kafka :
Above all , things like money , stock - exchange , the foreign currency administration , type - writer , are for him thoroughly mystical ( what they effectively are , only not for us , the others ) . [ 5 ]
Jesenska touches here Kafka at his Marxist best : a bourgeois subject knows very well that there is nothing magic about money , that money is just an object which stands for a set of social relations , but he nevertheless acts in real life as if he were to believe that money is a magic thing .
This , then , gives us a precise insight into Kafka ’s universe : Kafka was able to experience directly these fantasmatic beliefs that we “ normal ” people disavow .
Kafka ’s “ magic ” is what Marx referred to as the “ theological freakishness ” of commodities .
If once upon a time we publicly pretended to believe , while , in our intimacy , we were skeptics or even engaged in obscene mocking of our public beliefs , today we publicly tend to profess our skeptical / hedonist / relaxed attitude , while intimately we remain haunted by beliefs and severe prohibitions .
And it is against this background that one can locate Dostoyevsky ’s mistake .
Dostoyevsky provided the most radical version of “ If God does n’t exist , then everything is permitted ” idea in “ Bobok , ” his weirdest short story , which even today continues to perplex interpreters .
Is this bizarre “ morbid fantasy ” simply a product of the author ’s own mental disease ?
Is it as cynical sacrilege , an abominable attempt to parody the truth of the Revelation ? [ 6 ]
In “ Bobok , ” an alcoholic literary man named Ivan Ivanovich is suffering from auditory hallucinations :
I am beginning to see and hear strange things , not voices exactly , but as though someone beside me were muttering , ‘ bobok , bobok , bobok ! ’
What ’s the meaning of this bobok ?
I must divert my mind .
I went out in search of diversion , I hit upon a funeral .
So he attends the funeral of a distant relative ; he remains in the cemetery where he unexpectedly overhears the cynical , frivolous conversations of the dead :
And how it happened I do n’t know , but I began to hear things of all sorts being said .
At first I did not pay attention to it , but treated it with contempt .
But the conversation went on .
I heard muffled sounds as though the speakers ’ mouths were covered with a pillow , and at the same time they were distinct and very near .
I came to myself , sat up and began listening attentively .
He discovers from these exchanges that human consciousness goes on for some time after the death of the physical body , lasting until total decomposition , which the deceased characters associate with the awful gurgling onomatopoeia “ bobok . ”
One of them comments :
The great thing is that we have two or three months more of life and then – bobok !
I propose to spend these two months as agreeably as possible , and so to arrange everything on a new basis .
Gentlemen !
I propose to cast aside all shame .
The dead , realizing their complete freedom from earthly conditions , decide to entertain themselves by telling tales of their existence during their lives :
‘/…/ meanwhile I do n’t want us to be telling lies .
That ’s all I care about , for that is one thing that matters .
One cannot exist on the surface without lying , for life and lying are synonymous , but here we will amuse ourselves by not lying .
Hang it all , the grave has some value after all !
We ’ll all tell our stories aloud , and we wo n’t be ashamed of anything .
First of all I ’ll tell you about myself .
I am one of the predatory kind , you know .
All that was bound and held in check by rotten cords up there on the surface .
Away with cords and let us spend these two months in shameless truthfulness !
Let us strip and be naked !’
‘ Let us be naked , let us be naked ! ’ cried all the voices . ’
The terrible stench that Ivan Ivanovich smells is not the smell of the decaying corpses , but a moral stench .
Then Ivan Ivanovich suddenly sneezes , and the dead fall silent ; the spell is lost and we are back into ordinary reality :
And here I suddenly sneezed .
It happened suddenly and unintentionally , but the effect was striking : all became as silent as one expects it to be in a churchyard , it all vanished like a dream .
A real silence of the tomb set in .
I do n’t believe they were ashamed on account of my presence : they had made up their minds to cast off all shame !
I waited five minutes – not a word , not a sound .
Mikhail Bakhtin saw in “ Bobok ” the quintessence of Dostoevsky ’s art , a microcosm of his entire creative output which renders its central motif : the idea that “ everything is permitted ” if there is no God and no immortality of the soul .
In the carnivalesque underworld of life “ between the two deaths , ” all rules and responsibilities are suspended , the undead can cast aside all shame , act insanely , and laugh at honesty and justice .
The ethical horror of this vision is that it displays the limit of the “ truth and reconciliation ” idea : what if we have a perpetrator for whom the public confession of his crimes not only does not give rise to any ethical catharsis in him , but even generates an additional obscene pleasure ?
The “ undead ” situation of the deceased is opposed to that of the father from one of the dreams reported by Freud , who goes on living ( in the dreamer ’s unconscious ) because he does n’t know that he is dead .
The deceased in Dostoyevsky ’s story are fully aware that they are dead – it is this awareness that allows them to cast away all shame .
So what is the secret the deceased carefully conceal from every mortal ?
In “ Bobok , ” we do not hear any of the shameless truths – the specters of the dead withdraw at the very point at which they should finally “ deliver their goods ” to the listener and tell their dirty secrets .
Maybe the solution is the same as that at the end of the parable of the Door of the Law from Kafka ’s The Trial , when , at his deathbed , the man from the country who has spent years waiting to be admitted by the guardian , learns that the door was here only for him ?
What if , in “ Bobok ” also , the entire spectacle of the corpses promising to spill out their dirtiest secrets is staged only to attract and impress poor Ivan Ivanovich ?
In other words , what if the spectacle of the “ shameless truthfulness ” of the living corpses is only a fantasy of the listener – and of a religious listener , at that ?
We should not forget that the scene Dostoyevsky paints is not that of a godless universe .
The talking corpses experience their life after ( biological ) death , which is in itself a proof of God ’s existence – God is here , keeping them alive after death , which is why they can say everything .
What Dostoyevsky stages is a religious fantasy which has nothing whatsoever to do with a truly atheist position – although he stages it to illustrate the terrifying godless universe in which “ everything is permitted . ”
So what is the compulsion that pushes the corpses to engage in the obscene sincerity of “ saying it all ” ?
The Lacanian answer is clear : superego – not as the ethical agency , but as the obscene injunction to enjoy .
This provides the insight into what is perhaps the ultimate secret that the deceased want to keep from the narrator : their impulse to shamelessly tell all the truth is not free , the situation is not “ now , we can finally say ( and do ) all that we wanted , but were prevented by the rules and constraints of our normal lives . ”
Instead , their impulse is sustained by a cruel superego imperative : the specters have to do it .
If , however , what the undead hide from the narrator is the compulsive nature of their obscene enjoyment , and if we are dealing with a religious fantasy , then there is one more conclusion to be made : that the undead are under the compulsive spell of an evil God .
Therein resides Dostoyevsky ’s ultimate lie : what he presents as a terrifying fantasy of a godless universe is effectively a Gnostic fantasy of evil obscene God .
A more general lesson should be drawn from this case : when religious authors condemn atheism , they all too often construct a vision of the “ godless universe ” which is a projection of the repressed underside of religion itself .
I have used here the term “ gnosticism ” in its precise meaning , as the rejection of a key feature of the Judeo - Christian universe : the externality of truth .
There is an overwhelming argument for the intimate link between Judaism and psychoanalysis : in both cases , the focus is on the traumatic encounter with the abyss of the desiring Other , with the terrifying figure of an impenetrable
Other who wants something from us , without making it clear what this something is – the Jewish people ’s encounter of their God whose impenetrable Call throws off the rails the routine of human daily existence ; the child ’s encounter of the enigma of the Other ’s ( in this case , parental ) enjoyment .
In clear contrast to this Jewish - Christian notion of truth as relying on an external traumatic encounter ( the divine Call to the Jewish people , God ’s call to Abraham , the inscrutable Grace – all totally incompatible with our inherent qualities , even with our innate ethics ) , both paganism and Gnosticism ( the reinscription of the Jewish - Christian stance back into paganism ) conceive the path to truth as the “ inner journey ” of spiritual self - purification , as the return to one ’s true Inner Self , the self ’s “ rediscovery . ”
Kierkegaard was right when he pointed out that the central opposition of the Western spirituality is Socrates versus Christ : the inner journey of remembrance versus the rebirth through the shock of the external encounter .
Within the Jewish - Christian field , God Himself is the ultimate harasser , the intruder who is brutally disturbing the harmony of our lives .
Traces of Gnosticism are clearly discernible even in today ’s cyberspace ideology .
The cyberspace dream of the Self , liberated from the attachment to its natural body by turning itself into a virtual entity floating from one to another contingent and temporary embodiment , is the scientific - technological realization of the Gnostic dream of the Self getting rid of the decay and inertia of material reality .
No wonder that the philosophy of Leibniz is one of the predominant philosophical references of the cyberspace theorists : Leibniz conceived the universe as composed of “ monads ” , microscopic substances each of which lives in its own self - enclosed inner space , with no windows onto its environs .
One cannot miss the uncanny resemblance between Leibniz ’s “ monadology ” and the emerging cyberspace community in which global harmony and solipsism strangely coexist .
That is to say , does our immersion into cyberspace not go hand in hand with our reduction to a Leibnizean monad which , although “ without windows ” that would directly open up to external reality , mirrors in itself the entire universe ?
More and more , we are monads with no direct windows onto reality , interacting alone with the PC screen , encountering only the virtual simulacra , and yet immersed more than ever into the global network , synchronously communicating with the entire globe .
The space in which the ( un ) dead can talk without moral constraints , as imagined by Dostoyevsky , prefigures this gnostic - cyberspace dream .
The attraction of cybersex is that , since we are dealing only with virtual partners , there is no harassment .
This aspect of cyberspace – the idea of a space in which , because we are not directly interacting with real people , nobody is harassed and we are free to let go our dirtiest fantasies – found its ultimate expression in a proposal which recently resurfaced in some circles in the US , a proposal to “ rethink ” the rights of necrophiliacs ( those who desire to have sex with dead bodies ) .
Why should they be deprived of it ?
The idea was formulated that , in the same way people sign permission for their organs to be use for medical purposes in the case of their sudden death , one should also allow them to sign permission for their bodies to be given to necrophiliacs .
This proposal is the perfect exemplification of how the Politically Correct anti-harassment stance realizes Kierkegaard ’s old insight into how the only good neighbor is a dead neighbor .
A dead neighbor – a corpse – is the ideal sexual partner of a “ tolerant ” subject trying to avoid any harassment : by definition , a corpse cannot be harassed ; at the same time , a dead body does not enjoy , so the disturbing threat of the excess - enjoyment to the subject playing with the corpse is also eliminated .
“ Harassment ” is another of those words which , although it seems to refer to a clearly defined fact , functions in a deeply ambiguous way and perpetrates an ideological mystification .
At its most elementary , the term designates brutal facts of rape , beating , and other modes of social violence which , of course , should be ruthlessly condemned .
However , in the predominant use of the term “ harassment , ” this elementary meaning imperceptibly slips into the condemnation of any excessive proximity of another real human being , with his or her desires , fears and pleasures .
Two topics determine today ’s liberal tolerant attitude towards others : the respect of otherness , openness towards it , and the obsessive fear of harassment .
The other is OK insofar as his presence is not intrusive , insofar as the other is not really other .
Tolerance coincides with its opposite : my duty to be tolerant towards the other effectively means that I should not get too close to him , not to intrude into his / her space – in short , that I should respect his / her intolerance towards my over - proximity .
This is what is more and more emerging as the central ‘ human right ’ in late - capitalist society : the right not to be harassed , i.e. , to be kept at a safe distance from the others .
The courts in most of the Western societies now impose a restraining order when someone sues another person for harassing him or her ( stalking him or her or making unwarranted sexual advances ) .
The harasser can be legally prohibited from knowingly approaching the victim , and must remain at a distance of more than 100 yards .
Necessary as this measure is , there is nonetheless in it something of the defense against the traumatic Real of the other ’s desire : is it not obvious that there is something dreadfully violent about openly displaying one ’s passion for and to another human ?
Passion by definition hurts its object , and even if its addressee gladly agrees to occupy this place , he or she cannot ever do it without a moment of awe and surprise .
Or , to vary yet another time Hegel ’s dictum “ Evil resides in the very gaze which perceives Evil all around itself ” : intolerance towards the Other resides in the very gaze which perceives all around itself intolerant intruding Others .
One should especially be suspect about the obsession with sexual harassment of women when it is voiced by men : after barely scratching the “ pro-feminist ” PC surface , one soon encounters the old male - chauvinist myth about how women are helpless creatures who should be protected not only from the intruding men , but ultimately also from themselves .
The problem is not that they will not be able to protect themselves , but that they may start to enjoy being sexually harassed – that the male intrusion will set free in them a self - destructive explosion of excessive sexual enjoyment .
In short , what one should focus on is what kind of the notion of subjectivity is implied in the obsession with the different modes of harassment : the “ Narcissistic ” subjectivity for which everything others do ( address me , look at me … ) is potentially a threat , so that , as Sartre put it long ago , l ’enfer , c’est les autres ( hell are the others ) .
With regard to woman as an object of disturbance , the more she is covered , the more our ( male ) attention focuses on her and on what lies beneath the veil .
The Taliban not only forced women to walk in public completely veiled , they also prohibited them wearing shoes with too solid ( metal or wooden ) heels , and ordered them to walk without making too loud a clicking noise which may distract men , disturbing their inner peace and dedication .
This is the paradox of surplus - enjoyment at its purest : the more the object is veiled , the more intensely disturbing is the minimal trace of its remainder .
This is the case even with the growing prohibition of smoking .
First , all offices were declared “ smoke - free , ” then flights , then restaurants , then airports , then bars , then private clubs , then , in some campuses , 50 yards around the entrances to the buildings , then – in a unique case of pedagogical censorship , reminding us of the famous Stalinist practice of retouching the photos of nomenklatura – the US Postal Service removed the cigarette from the stamps with the photo - portrait of blues guitarist Robert Johnson and of Jackson Pollock .
These prohibitions target the other ’s excessive and risky enjoyment , embodied in the act of “ irresponsibly ” lighting a cigarette and inhaling deeply with an unabashed pleasure ( in contrast to Clintonite yuppies who do it without inhaling , or who have sex without actual penetration , or food without fat ) – indeed , as Lacan put it , after God is dead , nothing is anymore permitted .
One of the standard topics of today ’s conservative cultural critique is that , in our permissive era , children lack firm limits or prohibitions .
This lack frustrates them , driving them from one to another excess .
It is only a firm limit set up by some symbolic authority that can guarantee stability and satisfaction – satisfaction brought about by way of violating the prohibition , of transgressing the limit .
To render clear the way denegation functions in the unconscious , Freud evoked a reaction of one of his patients to a dream of his centred around an unknown woman : ‘ Whoever this woman in my dream is , I know it is not my mother . ’
A clear negative proof , for Freud , that the woman was his mother .
What better way to characterize today ’s typical patient than to imagine his opposite reaction to the same dream : ‘ Whoever this woman in my dream was , I am sure it has something to do with my mother !’
Traditionally , psychoanalysis was expected to allow the patient to overcome the obstacles which prevented him / her the access to normal sexual satisfaction : if you are not able to “ get it , ” go to the analyst who will enable you to get rid of your inhibitions .
Today , however , we are bombarded from all sides by different versions of the injunction “ Enjoy ! ” , from direct enjoyment in sexual performance to enjoyment in professional achievement or in spiritual awakening .
Jouissance today effectively functions as a strange ethical duty : individuals feel guilty not for violating moral inhibitions by way of engaging in illicit pleasures , but for not being able to enjoy .
In this situation , psychoanalysis is the only discourse in which you are allowed not to enjoy – not prohibited to enjoy , but just relieved of the pressure to enjoy .
Notes :
[ 1 ] Jacques Lacan , The Four Fundamental Concepts , p. 59 .
[ 2 ]
So that , combining this dream with the dream we interpreted in Chapter 3 about the dead son who appears to the father with the terrible approach “ Father , ca n’t you see I ’m burning ? ” , Lacan ’s statement can also be paraphrased as the reproach to the God -Father : “ Father , ca n’t you see you are dead ? ” .
[ 3 ] Jacques Lacan , The Ego in Freud ’s Theory and in the Technique of Psychoanalysis , New York : Norton 1988 , p. 128 .
[ 4 ] Karl Marx , Capital , Volume One , Harmondsworth : Penguin Books 1990 , p. 163 .
[ 5 ] Quoted from Jana Cerna , Kafka ’s Milena , Evanston : Northwestern University Press 1993 , p. 174 .
[ 6 ]
The very beginning of the story involves a strange denial of Rimbaud ’s je est un autre ( I is an other ) .
El Ejército y la policía federal mexicana han descubierto un túnel de 122 metros en la frontera entre México y Estados Unidos .
Quince personas fueron detenidas en la operación , en la que se decomisaron 125 kilos de marihuana y fueron incautados 23 vehículos .
El túnel , todavía sin acabar , fue hallado en un edificio en construcción cerca del aeropuerto de Tijuana , en el noroeste de México .
Ubicado a diez metros de profundidad , el paso subterráneo contaba ya con un sistema de iluminación y ventilación .
Medía 122 metros de largo , 1,85 de alto y más de un metro de ancho .
Esta no es la primera vez que se descubren en Tijuana túneles como éste , destinados al tráfico de drogas y migrantes con destino Estados Unidos .
El último fue desmantelado hace diez días .
The new bone was created from bone marrow stem cells Scientists have created part of the jaw joint in the lab using human adult stem cells .
They say it is the first time a complex , anatomically - sized bone has been accurately created in this way .
It is hoped the technique could be used not only to treat disorders of the specific joint , but more widely to correct problems with other bones too .
The Columbia University study appears in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
The bone which has been created in the lab is known as the temporomandibular joint ( TMJ ) .
The availability of personalized bone grafts engineered from the patient 's own stem cells would revolutionise the way we currently treat these defects
Dr Gordana Vunjak - Novakovic
Columbia University Problems with the joint can be the result of birth defects , arthritis or injury .
Although they are widespread , treatment can be difficult .
The joint has a complex structure which makes it difficult to repair by using grafts from bones elsewhere in the body .
The latest study used human stem cells taken from bone marrow .
These were seeded into a tissue scaffold , formed into the precise shape of the human jaw bone by using digital images from a patient .
The cells were then cultured using a specially - designed bioreactor which was able to infuse the growing tissue with exactly the level of nutrients found during natural bone development .
Big potential Lead researcher Dr Gordana Vunjak - Novakovic said : " The availability of personalised bone grafts engineered from the patient 's own stem cells would revolutionise the way we currently treat these defects . "
Dr Vunjak - Novakovic said the new technique could also be applied to other bones in the head and neck , including skull bones and cheek bones , which are similarly difficult to graft .
The option to engineer anatomically pieces of human bone in this way could potentially transform the ability to carry out reconstruction work , for instance following serious injury or cancer treatment .
She said : " We thought the jawbone would be the most rigorous test of our technique ; if you can make this , you can make any shape . "
She stressed that the joint created in the lab was bone only , and did not include other tissue , such as cartilage .
However , the Columbia team is working on a new method for engineering hybrid grafts including bone and cartilage .
Another major challenge for scientists will be to find a way to engineer bone with a blood supply that can be easily connected to the blood supply of the host .
Professor Anthony Hollander , a tissue engineering expert from the University of Bristol who helped produce an artificial windpipe last year , said there was still a lot of work to be done before the new bone could be used on patients .
But he said : " One of the major problems facing scientists in this field is how to engineer a piece of bone with the right dimensions - that is critical for some of these bone defects .
" This is a lovely piece of tissue engineering which has produced bone with a high degree of accuracy in terms of shape . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In 1956 , the economist Charles Tiebout provided the framework that best explains why people vote with their feet .
The “ consumer - voter , ” as Tiebout called him , challenges government officials to “ ascertain his wants for public goods and tax him accordingly . ”
Each jurisdiction offers its own package of public goods , along with a particular tax burden needed to pay for those goods .
As a result , “ the consumer - voter moves to that community whose local government best satisfies his set of preferences . ”
In selecting a jurisdiction , the mobile consumer - voter is , in effect , choosing a club to join based on the benefits that it offers and the dues that it charges .
America ’s federal system allows , at the state level , for 50 different clubs to join .
At first glance , the states seem to differ between those that bundle numerous high - quality public benefits with high taxes and those that offer packages of low benefits and low taxes .
These alternatives , of course , define the basic argument between liberals and conservatives over the ideal size and scope of government .
Except for Oregon , John McCain carried every one of the 17 states with the lowest tax levels in the 2008 presidential election , while Barack Obama won every one of the 17 at the top of the list except for Wyoming and Alaska .
It ’s not surprising , then , that an intense debate rages over which model is more satisfactory and sustainable .
What is surprising is the growing evidence that the low - benefit , low - tax alternative succeeds not only on its own terms but also according to the criteria used by defenders of high benefits and high taxes .
Whatever theoretical claims are made for imposing high taxes to provide generous government benefits , the practical reality is that these public goods are , increasingly , neither public nor good : their beneficiaries are mostly the service providers themselves , and their quality is poor .
For evidence , look to the two largest states in the nation , which are fine representatives of the liberal and conservative alternatives .
One out of every five Americans is either a Californian or a Texan .
California became the nation ’s most populous state in 1962 ; Texas climbed into second place in 1994 .
They are broadly similar : populous Sunbelt states with large metropolitan areas , diverse economies , and borders with Mexico producing comparable demographic mixes .
Both are “ majority - minority ” states , where non-Hispanic whites make up just under half of the population and Latinos just over a third .
According to the most recent data available from the Census Bureau , for the fiscal year ending in 2006 , Americans paid an average of $ 4,001 per person in state and local taxes .
But Californians paid $ 4,517 per person , well above that national average , while Texans paid $ 3,235 .
It ’s worth noting , by the way , that while state and local governments in both California and Texas get most of their revenue from taxes , the revenue is augmented by subsidies from the federal government and by fees charged for governmental services and facilities , such as trash collection , airports , public university tuition , and mass transit .
California had total revenues of $ 11,160 per capita , more than every state but Alaska , Wyoming , and New York , while Texas placed a distant 44th on this scale , with revenues of all governmental entities totaling $ 7,558 per person .
What might interest Tiebout is that while California and Texas are comparable in terms of sheer numbers , their demographic paths are diverging .
Before 1990 , both states grew much faster than the rest of the country .
Since then , only Texas has continued to do so .
While its share of the nation ’s population has steadily increased , from 6.8 percent in 1990 to 7.9 percent in 2007 , California ’s has barely budged , from 12 percent to 12.1 percent .
Unpacking the numbers is even more revealing — and , for California , disturbing .
The biggest contrast between the two states shows up in “ net internal migration , ” the demographer ’s term for the difference between the number of Americans who move into a state from another and the number who move out of it to another .
Between April 1 , 2000 , and June 30 , 2007 , an average of 3,247 more Americans moved out of California than into it every week , according to the Census Bureau .
Over the same period , Texas saw a net gain , in an average week , of 1,544 people .
Aside from Louisiana and Mississippi , which lost population to other states because of Hurricane Katrina , California is the only Sunbelt state that had negative net internal migration after 2000 .
All the other states that lost population to internal migration were Rust Belt basket cases , including New York , Illinois , New Jersey , Michigan , and Ohio .
As Tiebout might have guessed , this outmigration has to do with taxes .
Besides Mississippi , every one of the 17 states with the lowest state and local tax levels had positive net internal migration from 2000 to 2007 .
Except for Wyoming , Maine , and Delaware , every one of the 17 highest - tax states had negative net internal migration over the same period .
Conservative researchers ’ technical explanation for this phenomenon is : “ Well , duh . ” Or , as Arthur Laffer and Stephen Moore wrote in the Wall Street Journal earlier this year : “ People , investment capital and businesses are mobile :
They can leave tax - unfriendly states and move to tax - friendly states . ”
Summarizing the findings of a report they wrote for the American Legislative Exchange Council , Laffer and Moore pointed out that between 1998 and 2007 , the states without an individual income tax “ created 89 percent more jobs and had 32 percent faster personal income growth ” than the states with the highest individual income - tax rates .
California ’s tax and regulatory policies , the report predicts , “ will continue to sap its economic vitality , ” while Texas ’s “ pro-growth ” policies will help it “ maintain its superior economic performance well into the future . ”
The clear implication is that California should become more like Texas .
At this point , defenders of the high - benefit , high - tax paradigm push back .
Remember the other half of Tiebout ’s equation , they say .
There ’s no need for a state to be like Texas if its high taxes and extensive regulations are part of a package deal that yields more and better public goods and an attractive quality of life .
But that , it turns out , is a big “ if . ”
It ’s true that many people are less sensitive to taxes and more concerned about public goods , and these consumer - voters will congregate in places with extensive services .
But it ’s also true , all things being equal , that everyone would rather pay lower than higher taxes .
The high - benefit , high - tax model can work , but only if the high taxes actually purchase high benefits — that is , public goods that far surpass the quality of those available to people who pay low taxes .
And here , California is decidedly lacking .
The biggest factor accounting for California ’s loss of population to the other 49 states , bond ratings that would embarrass Chrysler or GM , and state politics contentious and feckless enough to shame a banana republic , has to be its public sector ’s diminishing willingness and capacity to fulfill its promises to taxpayers .
“ Twenty years ago , you could go to Texas , where they had very low taxes , and you would see the difference between there and California , ” Joel Kotkin , executive editor of NewGeography.com and a presidential fellow at Chapman University in Southern California , told the Los Angeles Times this past March .
“ Today , you go to Texas , the roads are no worse , the public schools are not great but are better than or equal to ours , and their universities are good .
The bargain between California ’s government and the middle class is constantly being renegotiated to the disadvantage of the middle class . ”
Similarly , the CEO of a manufacturing company in suburban Los Angeles told a Times reporter that his business suffered less from California ’s high taxes than from its ineffectual services .
As a result , the company pays “ a fortune ” to educate its employees , many of whom graduated from California public schools , “ on basic things like writing and math skills . ”
According to a report issued earlier this year by McKinsey & Company , Texas students “ are , on average , one to two years of learning ahead of California students of the same age , ” though expenditures per public school student are 12 percent higher in California .
State and local government expenditures as a whole were 46.8 percent higher in California than in Texas in 2005 – 06 — $ 10,070 per person compared with $ 6,858 .
And Texas not only spends its citizens ’ dollars more effectively ; it emphasizes priorities that are more broadly beneficial .
In 2005 – 06 , per-capita spending on transportation was 5.9 percent lower in California than in Texas , and highway expenditures in particular were 9.5 percent lower , a discovery both plausible and infuriating to any Los Angeles commuter losing the will to live while sitting in yet another freeway traffic jam .
With tax revenues scarce and voters strongly opposed to surrendering more of their income , Texas officials devote a large share of their expenditures to basic services that benefit the most people .
In California , by contrast , more and more spending consists of either transfer payments to government dependents ( as in welfare , health , housing , and community development programs ) or generous payments to government employees and contractors ( reflected in administrative costs , pensions , and general expenditures ) .
Both kinds of spending weaken California ’s appeal to consumer - voters , the first because redistributive transfer payments are the least publicly beneficial type of public good , and the second because the dues paid to Club California purchase benefits that , increasingly , are enjoyed by the staff instead of the members .
Californians have the best possible reason to believe that the state ’s public sector is not holding up its end of the bargain : clear evidence that it used to do a better job .
Bill Watkins , executive director of the Economic Forecast Project at the University of California at Santa Barbara , has calculated that once you adjust for population growth and inflation , the state government spent 26 percent more in 2007 –08 than in 1997 – 98 .
Back then , “ California had teachers .
Prisoners were in jail .
Health care was provided for those with the least resources . ”
Today , Watkins asks , “ Are the roads 26 percent better ?
Are schools 26 percent better ?
What is 26 percent better ? ”
The steady deterioration of California ’s public services has n’t gone unnoticed .
Shortly after his stunning ascension to the governor ’s office in 2003 , Arnold Schwarzenegger established an advisory commission , the California Performance Review ( CPR ) , to recommend ways to make governance in California smarter , cheaper , and better .
The commission labored through 2004 before delivering a doorstop report with more than 1,200 recommendations for streamlining this and consolidating that , along with an assessment that implementing the full list of changes could save California $ 32 billion over the first five years .
And then . . . nothing , really .
The 2,500 - page report was “ dead on arrival , ” according to Bill Whalen of the Hoover Institution , “ because it was too complicated for voters to rally behind and legislators did n’t want to see it enacted . ”
Citizen Schwarzenegger may have assumed that his personal star power and the CPR recommendations ’ plodding good sense would make a politically irresistible combination .
Such reckoning failed to account for the formidable ability of even the most obscure and otiose governmental body to hunker down , defend its turf , and outlast mere politicians .
The CPR , for example , recommended abolishing dozens of California ’s commissions and advisory boards , either outright or by folding their activities into a simpler and more rational organizational structure .
Five years later , few of these vestigial organs have been removed .
The many that remain include the Commission on Aging , whose lead accomplishment for 2009 is getting the legislature to declare a Fall Prevention Week ( which began on the first day of autumn , naturally ) ; the Apprenticeship Council , “ which has been in place since the 1930s , ” according to the CPR , and “ is no longer needed to perform regulatory and advisory responsibilities ” ; the Board of Barbering and Cosmetology ; the Court Reporters Board ; and the Hearing Aid Dispensers Bureau .
The point is not that turning a flamethrower on every item in the Museum of Governmental Anachronisms would have saved California a great deal of money .
It is , rather , that abolishing these boards and commissions , whose names are talk - radio punch lines , would have been the easy calls , the obvious first steps toward giving California ’s taxpayers a decent return on their surrendered dollars .
Yet even the low - hanging fruit proved out of reach .
The path of least resistance was to do the same old thing , not the sensible thing .
The resistance comes from the blob of interest groups , inside and outside government , that like California ’s public sector just fine the way it is and see reform as a threat to their comfortable , lucrative arrangements .
It turns out , for example , that all the pointless boards and commissions are bulletproof because they provide golden parachutes to politicians turned out of the state legislature by California ’s strict term limits .
In the middle of the state ’s most recent budget crisis , State Senator Tony Strickland proposed a bill to eliminate salaries paid to members of boards and commissions who , despite holding fewer than two formal hearings or official meetings per month , had received annual compensation in excess of $ 100,000 .
The bill died in committee .
James Madison would have to revise — or possibly burn — Federalist No. 10 if he were forced to account for the new phenomenon of the government itself becoming the faction decisively shaping its own policy and conduct .
( See “ Madison ’s Nightmare ” in City Journal ’s 2009 special issue , “ New York ’s Tomorrow . ” )
This faction dominates because it ’s playing a much longer game than the politicians who come and go , not to mention the citizens who rarely read the enormous owner ’s manual for the Rube Goldberg machine they feed with their dollars .
They rarely stay outraged long enough to make a difference .
Take entitlements and public - employee pensions , which are , Watkins says , “ the real source of the state ’s fiscal distress . ”
A 2005 study by the Legislative Analyst ’s Office ( California ’s version of the Congressional Budget Office ) found that pensions for California ’s government employees “ surpassed the other states — often significantly — at all retirement ages . ”
California government workers retiring at age 55 received larger pensions than their counterparts in any other state ( leaving aside the many states where retirement as early as 55 is n’t even possible ) .
The California Foundation for Fiscal Responsibility periodically posts a list of retired city managers , state administrators , public university deans , and police chiefs who receive pensions of at least $ 100,000 per year .
The latest report shows 5,115 lucky members in this six - figure club .
The state ’s annual bill for polishing their gold watches is $ 610 million .
Again , the most vivid part of the problem is not the most important .
California would move only slightly closer to regaining fiscal health if it scraped the gilding off the pensions and health benefits of its most lucratively retired employees .
But when even a flagrant example of a government ’s serving its workforce better than its citizens is politically unassailable , it ’s hard to be hopeful about the mundane reforms needed to change the rest of the economically debilitating public - employee retirement system .
The California Performance Review suggested the sensible thing : gradually substituting defined - contribution for defined - benefit pension plans .
( According to a report by the Pew Center on the States , just 20 percent of the nation ’s private - sector employees are enrolled in a defined - benefit pension plan , compared with 90 percent of public - sector employees . )
To no one ’s shock , the state legislature has rejected all proposals to curb the state ’s financial obligations to its retired and retiring employees .
If California does n’t want to be Texas , it must find a way to be a better California .
The easy thing about being Texas is that the government has a great deal of control over the part of its package deal that attracts consumer - voters — it must merely keep taxes low .
California , on the other hand , must deliver on the high benefits promised in its sales pitch .
It wo n’t be enough for its state and local governments to spend a lot of money ; they have to spend it efficiently and effectively .
The optimistic assessment is that things are going to get worse in California before they get better .
The pessimistic assessment is that they ’re going to get worse before they get much worse .
As is often the case , hanging around with the pessimists is less fun but more instructive .
The current recession has driven California ’s state government into what amounts to a five - month budget cycle , according to Dan Walters of the Sacramento Bee .
He estimates that the budget deal tortuously wrought in July should start falling apart in October , because it was predicated on pie - in - the - sky revenue estimates and because so many of its spending cuts are being challenged , often successfully , in the courts .
The recession will eventually end and California ’s finances will improve , say the optimists .
Given the state ’s pervasive political bias against efficient and effective public services , however , the question is whether its finances will ever get truly well .
States that have grown accustomed to thinking of the engine that drives their economies as an inexhaustible resource — whether it ’s Michigan and the auto industry , New York and Wall Street , or California and the vision of the sunlit good life that used to attract new residents — find it tough to compete again for what they thought would be theirs forever , and to plan budgets for lean years that turn into lean decades .
Instead , they invest their hopes in a deus ex machina that will rescue them from the hard choices they dread .
For California ’s governmental - industrial complex , a new liberal administration and Congress in Washington offer plausible hope for a happy Hollywood ending .
Federal aid will replace the dollars that California ’s taxpayers , fed up with the state ’s lousy benefits and high taxes , refuse to provide .
Americans will continue to vote with their feet , either by leaving California or disdaining relocation there , but their votes wo n’t matter , at least in the short term .
Under the coming bailout , the new 49ers — Americans in the other 49 states , that is — will be extended the privilege of paying California ’s taxes .
At least they wo n’t have to put up with its public services .
It ’s hard to argue with “ God is love . ”
That ’s what we hear from a chorus of voices most of the way through Peter Rodger ’s Oh My God , an “ epic ” documentary ( in press release language ) that will appear in theaters around the country this month .
Those words come first from , of all people , Ringo Starr , complete with southern California sun on the flowering tree behind him .
Then , over the reedy echoes of a female cantor , a handful of others from around the world say the words too , each in their colorful natural habitats , accompanied by the whirling of dervishes .
“ God , ” they say again and again , “ is love . ”
God is a lot of other things too .
Over the span of three years , Rodger traveled through 23 countries asking religious leaders , celebrities , ordinary folks , and spectacular landscapes , “ What is God ? ”
For Seal — the singer not the animal — God is “ infinite energy . ”
A bearded jihadi , given enough time , successfully locates the verse in the Qur’an in which he says God condemns Jews and Christians to Hell .
A well - polished imam in SoCal contradicts him .
For a cynical Mexican student , “ God is money . ” A “ God- conscious ” American woman in a white sari oversees the care of mangled patients at a hospital in India .
Maasai tribesman in Kenya sacrifice a goat to God for rain , to the disapproval of a collared Christian priest .
There ’s a healthy helping of English atheists , each with particular and charming ways of scoffing off the notion entirely .
“ God is a word , ” one of them explains .
And then the silence of all eternity passes through snowy Himalayan vistas .
It is true .
God is an idea that people think about really differently .
This God is a complex creature .
Where Can I Buy This God ?
None of this , in Oh My God at least , falls short of ravishingly beautiful .
Rodger ensures that people answer his question only in the most stunningly picturesque of settings .
He then captures them with the intensity of contrast and color , combined with frenetic editing , that we usually see for thirty seconds at a time in car commercials ( much of Rodger ’s previous film work , I knew before I wrote that , has been in making car commercials ) .
“ Where can I buy this God ? ” I almost find myself asking .
Maybe that is just what my life needs — some colorful religiosity for a change .
Along with this spectacular fluttering of images comes an equally remarkable original soundtrack by composer Alexander van Bubenheim .
I ’m still not sure if it ’s fitting that Australian aborigines appear to the sound of electronic beats or exiled Tibetans to bluesy guitar licks over a synth choir .
In almost no case is there any organic correspondence between sound and sight , yet , received together , the fit is each time eerily perfect .
It suits the barrage of juxtapositions across great gulfs of language and place .
The common conversation topic unites the most disparate voices .
How can one not begin to suspect that perhaps we are all — Hollywood stars and sadhus , jihadis and Tibetans — possessed with the same God ?
Peter Rodger , incidentally , has traveling the world and making it look beautiful in his blood .
He is the son of the eminent British photojournalist George Rodger and grew up watching his father capture life through a camera .
One wonders if the Rodger family ’s social network is represented in the famous and semi-famous characters who are the film ’s authorities .
Colorful African tribes , like the ones we meet in Oh My God , and all the rest of its remote exotica , were among his father ’s specialties .
Fortunately , Rodger ’s comfort with his craft pays off constantly in the magnificence of the images .
Glossy vistas , however , fall in stark contrast with the intensity of the director himself .
He is on a quixotic quest , as the film ’s Web site puts it , to get to the bottom of the “ ‘ My God Is Greater Than Your God ’ syndrome ” that plagues contemporary geopolitics .
When we encounter the filmmaker it is usually in grainy footage framed by a black border that seems to be indicative of his mood .
Once we even see him talking from his bed in a lonely hotel room , his eyes dark and stormy .
His presence feels a bit like teenage angst — you know it ’s good for him , but you also know you ’ll like him better after he ’s through it .
A Question More Interesting Than Its Answer
Over the course of the film , Rodger ’s commentary offers a cluster of vague questions about the nature of the divine and , eventually , a sequence of tentative conclusions about why people believe all this stuff in the first place .
Fear ?
Is God a policeman ?
A scapegoat ?
His discoveries , if anything , fall into the spiritual - but - not - religious sensibility that has been ascendant in popular culture for the last half century or so .
Religion , with all its tribalism and corrupt leadership , is pretty much bad .
God , or spirit , and the power of individuals to decide for themselves , are good .
As he crosses the border between Kenya and Tanzania , at one point , he discovers , having felt no tremendous existential shift between the two , “ Boundaries are drawn by Man [ he always capitalizes Man ] and not by God ! ”
Tell that to the God of Moses at Mount Nebo .
As if the nature of God were n’t perplexing enough , Rodger is n’t even sure that the Almighty exists .
“ Did Man create God , or did God create Man ? ” he asks in his director ’s statement .
No scientific evidence is offered — no lab coats and barely any “ experts ” in the matter , besides the inevitable expertise of everyday life presented by the peculiar cast of characters .
In the end , there ’s very little ending for me to give away .
“ It ’s up to you to come to the solution , ” says Rodger ’s narration .
“ Great , ” you might say .
“ I ’m just where I ’ve started . ” Au contraire .
This is 93 minutes of marvelously conclusive evidence that the question may be more interesting than the answer .
How about that question , anyway ?
That matter of “ God ” ?
Do we have to have this fixation on “ God ” to begin with ?
The idea of a single , capitalized , omni-everything divinity is n’t always and everywhere .
When Christian missionaries traveled the world spreading their gospel in the early modern period , they were amazed at the kinds of confusions that would arise about their assertion that something called God might exist .
Most of us assume that when you ask about God , you ’re asking about the person / principle who / that is the “ ultimate concern ” of daily existence .
This is n’t necessarily the case .
To Aristotle , for instance , God was important , though pretty much an afterthought compared to the much more pressing matters of politics , ecology , and rhetoric .
Asking him about God would be like asking Pope Benedict about the sun .
He ’d answer your question , but he might wonder why you bothered asking .
I wonder how many of Rodger ’s interlocutors might have felt that way .
Worse , one could even draw out post - colonial implications , reading Oh My God as a measure of the progress that monotheism ’s conceptual imperialism has made around the world .
Best not to go there .
Bringing down the cruel weight of history on Rodger ’s shoulders feels unfair to his good , if also intensely vexed , intentions .
Perhaps a focal point other than “ God ” would have been better , something more concrete .
Health ?
Wealth ?
Wisdom ?
We all have opinions about these things .
But , after all , the filmmaker is hunting after God for a reason .
It is a word with particular currency among some of the persons who appear to be screwing the world up for all of us .
And it is the same word by which billions of people carry on in the hope that they might teach it , in turn , to their children ’s children in peace and dignity .
If Oh My God is propaganda of some kind , it is likely the kind of propaganda we need .
Despite a terrible title and more eye - candy than thoughtful substance , I really hate to complain about a work that captures such a shimmering diversity of perspectives and does so in an optimistic - enough fashion to inch our species one more millionth of an inch toward lasting peace and harmony .
Bombs , bullets and rockets were the usual weapons on aircraft flying over Europe during the Second World War but it was often the camera that proved the most deadly .
Photographs provided the generals and intelligence officers with vital information that they used to direct their forces or to out - guess the enemy .
Thousands of the photographs aircrew risked their lives to bring back are now being made publicly available for the first time .
The first batch of 4,000 pictures that have remained in storage since the war go online today in a project to make up to 10 million air reconnaisance pictures available .
Images that can be seen include photographs showing the progress of the Allied invasion forces on D - Day , 6 June 1944 .
So detailed are the photographs that individual vehicles can be seen leaving landing - craft .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
From earlier days , pictures of fields littered with the gliders , many of them wrecked , that carried many of the troops in the attempt to take Arnhem are among the collection , as are pictures of prisoners milling about in courtyards within Colditz .
In photographs from the Far East can be seen the infamous bridge over the River Kwai on the Thai - Burma railway that cost so many lives .
Others include some of the photographs of the Nazis ' test base at Peenemunde where they developed the V - weapons , and a rare June 1945 record of a slave - labour camp near Mainz , Germany , which shortly after being pictured was razed .
" The archive shows the world at war , " said Allan Williams , manager of the National Collection of Aerial Photography in Edinburgh which holds the photographs .
" The skill of the photo reconnaissance pilot was incredible ; they were among the best pilots in the air force .
So many of them lost their lives that the archive has become a memorial to them and the events on the ground they photographed .
How they could take the photos they did is astonishing when you remember they were taken in combat , and often being shot at ; it 's astounding . "
Photographs in the archive , some of them captured from the Luftwaffe , are still used to help identify where unexploded bombs might lie , especially in Germany .
Mr Williams added : " It 's an archive of international significance and we are only beginning to appreciate what the archive can be used for . "
When aircraft returned to base with film , the pictures were analysed by highly skilled teams of photographic interpreters with stereoscopes .
Geoffrey Stone was one of them , working at RAF Medmenham , in Buckinghamshire .
He said : " You have to work out what you are looking at by the clues that are around them .
It could be simple things like shadows and measurements .
It 's rather like a detective story . "
Only a fraction of the aerial war photographs survive .
" People made huge bonfires after the war ; we did n't think they would be needed again , " said Mr Stone .
" We were intoxicated by peace . "
The photographs are part of the Aerial Reconnaissance Archives which contains more than 10 million images now being researched , catalogued and digitised ; they were sent to Edinburgh last year from Keele University where they had been stored .
The archive can be viewed at aerial.rcahms.gov.uk
Afirma el ex candidato presidencial que es momento de iniciar en el Senado un debate nacional sobre los privilegios de las c�pulas del poder econ�mico y pol�tico del pa�s
Ciudad de M�xico | Lunes 26 de octubre de 2009
Juli�n S�nchez | El Universal
18:30
As a result of successful lawsuits against file sharers , the RIAA has begun employing spammers to send out " download songs for free " emails to everyone then suing whoever clicks on the link .
RIAA technology lawyer Bob Siefert said , " Lawsuits were driving file sharers further and further underground .
We realized we needed a new approach to generate revenue .
When I got an email to buy software at a discount , that 's when I got this idea of how we can reach more people . "
Siefert said it 's a worldwide operation with spammers from Russia , China , India and Moldova taking part .
" In these tough economic times we can't afford to wait around until people decide to share files .
We need to be more proactive ; we need to go after our target audience more aggressively , " he said .
The practice is sure to draw ire from people who click on links in spam messages , but Siefert said that 'll be short - lived .
" These people who click on links in spam are as dumb as doornails .
You think they 're going to be able to defend themselves from our pack of lawyers ?
Most of them can't even put together a coherent sentence , " said Siefert .
Related News Spammers Sending Messages from the Future Top 11 Most Effective Spam Subjects for Geeks Nigerian Philanthropist Can't Give Away Millions
A lawyer for the EFF points out that , by the Rights Owner initiating the download , they are implicitly authorizing the download .
EFF representative Vance Newton said , " You 'd expect this sort of thing from the RIAA .
Their greed and lack of knowledge of the law know no bounds . "
Siefert responded , " We do n't care about legality .
It 'll cost people thousands in lawyer 's fees to fight the charge and we 'll be offering a settlement for a fraction of that cost .
It 's a win -win situation for everyone involved . "
The spam emails will also make it easier for the RIAA lawyers to track down offenders .
Siefert said , " I do n't know why we did n't think of this sooner ! "
Story Options : Related Share Print
7:12 pm
ACLU
ACLU Urges Secretary Gates Not To Block Release Of Torture Photos
6:42 pm
Environmental Groups
Interior Dept. Calls for Investigation into Oil Shale Leases
5:21 pm
ACLU
Patriot Act Legislation Introduced In House With Improved Civil Liberties Protections
5:08 pm
Families Against Mandatory Minimums
FAMM Hails Judiciary Committee Move to Advance Parole Eligibility Bill
4:55 pm
ACLU
Court Rules FBI Can Continue To Silence National Security Letter Recipient
4:34 pm
Constitution Project
USA PATRIOT Amendments Act Welcomed by the Constitution Project
4:20 pm
Labor Network for Sustainability
Labor Activists Launch New Labor Network for Sustainability
3:38 pm
Union of Concerned Scientists ( UCS )
Can We Afford More Subsidies for Nuclear Power ?
2:32 pm
National Campaign to Close Guantanamo
Retired Generals , Veterans Group And Former Congressman Launch Campaign To Close Gitmo
There has been lots of speculation on why Representative Mel Watt has done his best to make sure that the Audit the Fed bill will be gutted , and why the Congressman is willing to promote the same irresponsible and unaccountable bubble - inflating behavior that got us to the current Fed - sponsored , bubble - reflation attempt , which is practically guaranteed to end much worse than just a few Goldman competitor banks imploding here and there .
Here are some attempts at reconstrcuting Representative Watt 's motivations courtesy of Robert Wenzel at EconomicPolicyJournal.com .
It should make all questions as to why Fed transparency is not Mr. Watt 's friend , quite clear .
Water samples were being taken regularly along the river
A waste company has been banned from discharging industrial effluent into sewers by officials investigating a cyanide leak in the River Trent .
Tests showed the presence of cyanide at the sewer discharge point used by Red Industries Ltd , of Burslem , Stoke - on - Trent , the Environment Agency said .
Tens of thousands of fish died and people were warned away from a 30 - mile stretch of the Trent on Tuesday .
Red Industries confirmed it was working closely with investigators .
The agency said as part of its investigation it had served a " suspension notice " to prevent Red Industries from discharging any industrial effluent to the sewer system .
Investigators have been at the company and in a statement the agency said the issuing of the notice followed its " swift action " in its continuing investigation into the source of the cyanide pollution .
This sort of incident is unacceptable
David Hudson , Environment Agency
In a statement Red Industries said it had " voluntarily stopped " discharging industrial effluent before the suspension notice .
The firm added : " We have always worked closely with the Environment Agency and will continue to assist them fully in their investigation . "
Meanwhile cyanide levels in the river between Stoke - on - Trent and Yoxall have " greatly reduced " .
David Hudson , environment manager at the Environment Agency , said : " The pollution has killed thousands of fish on the River Trent and caused a great deal of concern for many people .
" This sort of incident is unacceptable .
" Our investigation is continuing to ensure we can take firm action against those responsible . "
On Thursday the Environment Agency was still advising people and animals to keep out of the 30 - mile stretch of river as a precaution .
Officers began pumping oxygen into the water on Tuesday night to reduce the pollution levels .
Brian Thomas leaves Swansea Crown Court after being found not guilty of murdering his wife whilst sleepwalking ( Image : Rex Features )
A man strangles his wife while dreaming about fighting off intruders in his sleep .
Does that make him mad , bad or innocent ?
Recent research is helping to unpick these issues , and may help reveal who , if anyone , bears responsibility in such cases .
Last week , British man Brian Thomas appeared in court on a murder charge after strangling his wife as they slept in their camper van .
The prosecution withdrew the charges after three psychiatrists testified that locking him up would serve no useful purpose .
The judge said that Thomas bore no responsibility for his actions .
The case has cast a spotlight on the use of such sleepwalking defences in court .
“ If you look at the media reports there appears to be an upsurge in the use of the sleepwalking defence , ” says Michel Cramer - Bornemann of the Minnesota Regional Sleep Disorders Center in Minneapolis .
Advertisement
Thomas had a genuine sleep disorder , but Cramer - Bornemann is concerned that in many other cases , the sleepwalking and other sleep - related defences are misused .
Studies on the causes of sleepwalking may eventually make it easier to identify who has a genuine sleep disorder that could occasionally result in violence , and who is making it up .
Lucid dreamers
Last month , Ursula Voss of Bonn University in Germany and colleagues reported that even during lucid dreaming – a state in which some people claim to be able to control their dreams – some areas of the brain associated with intent stayed offline , while other areas associated with consciousness were active .
“ As long as you are in a dream , you have no free rein on your actions and emotions , ” says Voss ( Sleep , vol 32 , p 1191 ) .
Although this research did n’t look specifically at sleepwalkers , it tallies with a previous study by Claudio Bassetti at the University of Zurich in Switzerland , who once managed to manoeuvre a sleepwalker into a brain scanner during a sleepwalking episode .
He found the sleepwalker also showed no activation in the areas of the brain associated with intent , though emotional areas and those associated with movement were active ( The Lancet , DOI : 10.1016/S0140-6736(00)02561-7 ) .
“ Our judgement is off and our ability to act out emotionally is on , ” says Rosalind Cartwright of the Sleep Disorder Service and Research Center in Chicago .
She believes a confirmed diagnosis of sleepwalking would make a strong defence in court , but says better tests are needed to establish who has a genuine sleep disorder .
Sparking sleepwalking
That might become easier with the recent discovery that auditory stimuli , such as a dog barking , can trigger sleepwalking in those susceptible to it – particularly if they have been suffering from sleep deprivation .
Antonio Zadra at the University of Montreal in Quebec , Canada , and his colleagues measured the brain activity of 10 sleepwalkers and 10 control subjects to determine what stage of sleep they were in .
They found that sounding a buzzer during “ slow wave ” sleep triggered sleepwalking in three of the sleepwalkers under normal circumstances , and all 10 sleepwalkers when they had been kept awake for 25 hours prior to sleeping .
None of the control subjects were prompted to sleepwalk when the buzzer was sounded ( Neurology , vol 70 , p 2284 ) .
The study might eventually enable a test for genuine sleepwalkers .
“ That ’s a big breakthrough , ” says Cartwright .
Until recently , defence lawyers used evidence of sleepwalking in childhood or a family history of the activity to back up their claims .
However , Zadra cautions that other factors , like having the motivation to commit a crime , must also be taken into account .
“ We should not forget that some sleepwalkers can be criminals , ” he says .
Rescuers were today searching for a British couple feared to have been kidnapped by pirates off the east coast of Africa .
Paul and Rachel Chandler , who were sailing from the Seychelles to Tanzania , have not been heard from since Friday , when the emergency beacon on their yacht , the Lynn Rival , was activated .
The British maritime and coastguard agency confirmed the beacon had been activated at 11 pm on 23 October .
Officials said the Seychelles authorities were carrying out a search and rescue operation in the area where the boat was last known to have been .
It is understood pirate activity was reported in the region earlier that day .
Reuters reported that the yacht had been seized by pirates and quoted one kidnapper , called Hassan , as saying : " The British couple are in our hands now .
We captured them as they were touring in the Indian Ocean . "
He said the captives were healthy and ransom demands would follow .
The kidnap claim was echoed by Abdi Nor Osman , a self - proclaimed member of a pirate gang and resident of the coastal town of Haradhere , which is known to be a hotbed of pirate activity .
Osman said that he had spoken to a member of the gang that claimed to have captured the boat , adding that eight pirates were aboard the yacht , which was towing two skiffs .
He said the yacht was expected into port at Haradhere today .
A Foreign Office spokeswoman said the reports were being investigated and that officials were in touch with relatives of the Chandlers , who are from Tunbridge Wells , in Kent .
She said it was possible that the yacht had simply strayed out of contact , adding that there was no indication of pirate involvement other than that reported in the media .
Combined Taskforce 151 , an international naval response set up to combat Somali pirate attacks , is involved in the search , along with Nato and EU counter - piracy teams .
A spokesman for the EU naval force said : " Our ships will be scouring the seas on their normal passage and monitoring the airwaves . "
He said the British couple 's yacht had gone missing in " fairly dangerous waters " but there had been no confirmation that it had been hijacked by pirates .
A Royal Navy spokesman said HMS Cumberland was one of the ships involved in the piracy crackdown .
" We are doing everything we can to assist the Foreign Office in investigating this , " he added .
The couple 's niece said that although the family had been alerted to the alarm signal on Friday , they had initially thought the situation was not serious .
" We were just waiting for them to come into docks because it tended to be the case that , out in the middle of the Indian Ocean , it was quite difficult to get hold of them and it was expected that they would dock at a little island , " Leah Mickleborough told BBC Radio 5 Live .
" You never believe it 's going to be one of those things that happens to your family .
All of us as a family are extremely upset by what has happened .
" We are extremely distressed and it 's such an emotional thing and such a horrible thing to be experiencing .
I just hope they 're OK .
We all hope they are and that it can be resolved easily . "
Mickleborough said her uncle and aunt were passionate about sailing but were aware of its perils .
" This is their life , really , " she said .
" They do sailing , they live for this .
[ But ] they are not naive .
They are very experienced in these things .
" They are not the sort of people who would put themselves deliberately in danger . "
A British coastguard spokesman said : " They had left the Seychelles on 22 October and were going on a 150 nautical mile passage south - west to the Amirante Islands , en route to Tanzania .
" It would appear from the activation of the emergency position indicating radio beacon ( EPIRB ) that something has happened .
" We were aware that the EPIRB had gone off , talked to the Seychelles , asked if they were aware of it … they were , and have been searching by air and sea . "
A spokesman for the Seychelles coastguard said they did not have any information about the couple .
" We did have a distress signal from them on 23 October .
There have been reports that they were hijacked by pirates , but no one can prove that , " he said .
" Our ship is in the area , and we are still keeping a lookout .
We do n't know whether they were continuing with their route .
They do n't have a satellite phone , so we can not get hold of them . "
The route would have taken the Chandlers , aged 58 and 55 , near Somali waters notorious for pirate attacks on ships and smaller boats .
The last message on the couple 's travel blog was posted on Friday morning and read : " Please ring Sarah . "
It is thought the message refers to Rachel 's sister .
Earlier , the Chandlers – who have been sailing around the world for several years after selling up in the UK – wrote of " the Somali pirate problem " that had delayed other voyages to Tanzania .
Enthusiasts on a yachting forum questioned the wisdom of sailing in the area .
One post said : " I hope the people in question are well .
However , I do wonder why anyone would sail through these areas .
The dangers are very well known and very well reported . "
There have been a series of pirate attacks off Somalia in the last few years , with vessels from supertankers to cruise ships being targeted .
Towards the end of last year , the situation became so bad that Maersk , the world 's largest shipping company , announced that its oil tankers would be rerouted via the Cape of Good Hope .
As the presence of foreign navies in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean off Somalia 's coast has increased , pirate gangs have been operating further south towards the Mozambique Channel .
The waters around the Seychelles are currently attractive to hijackers because of a return to calm seas following the monsoon season .
Launching high - speed skiffs from previously captured " mother ships " , gunmen have seized vessels from Spain , Singapore and China in the region this month .
Andrew Mwangura , head of the East African Seafarers ' Assistance Programme in Mombasa , said that while the Chandlers ' route from the Seychelles to Tanzania was not usually used by cargo ships , the most common target for pirates , it was well within attacking range .
" With sea conditions so good the area is very favourable to pirates right now .
Nowhere off the coast of east Africa is safe , " he said .
If the yacht has been captured by pirates , it is most likely to be heading to Haradheere or Hobyo , both pirate havens on the Somali coast .
Graeme Gibbon - Brooks , the managing director of Dryad Maritime Intelligence Service , based in Southampton , said that , while there was no confirmation pirates had taken the missing boat , " it seems likely on the balance of probabilities " .
" If this follows the normal pattern , the boat will be anchored off Somalia and the crew people taken ashore , " he said .
" The question in this case is who will receive the ransom demand .
The owner is on board and these are not very wealthy people , so we do n't know how this will play out . "
The Bulls went into LeBron ’s house and wiped their feet on the rug .
They barely shot 40 % and they were outrebounded , but they took exceptional care of the ball , turning it over just 6 times .
They escaped with a victory , won their first road game and improved to 3 - 2 .
The Good :
Derrick Rose had 14 points and 11 assists with only 2 turnovers .
If you did n’t know he had a sore ankle you would n’t know .
Ya dig ?
Taj Gibson had 11 points , 7 boards , a steal and a block .
He played big minutes with Tyrus limited by his illness .
Luol Deng did n’t shoot it all that well ( 6 - 16 ) , but he led the Bulls in points and minutes .
The Bad :
Jannero Pargo continued his cold and hot pattern and was 0 - 4 with 0 points .
James Johnson was a DNP - CD .
I thought we would see him get some minutes with Tyrus out .
The only game he has played in this year was the opener .
John Salmons is still clanking threes .
He was 1 - 4 last night and is shooting 19 % from behind the arc so far this season .
The Highlights :
i know where you are going with this , mr herrmann , but i feel like you almost undermine your point with the snarky " buh video game instruments are n't real " argument that has gotten so old .
here is the thing : music video games like rock band have n't AT ALL contributed to the loss of kids knowing about good music ( or " good " music ) .
Time , and the insistence of record companies on limiting where and how you can get to music ( this is not turning into a pro-piracy argument , i promise ) , whether new or old is to blame here .
it is really easy to say " oh kids today only know a Beatles song because it came out of their xbox , " but you know what ?
that 's not the xbox 's fault .
that 's not rock band 's fault .
that is simply the fact that the beatles have n't been a band that has made popular music since long before those kids were born .
hell , some of the kids playing RB and the like have PARENTS who were born after the beatles stopped being a band .
think about that .
we are at that point .
if nothing else , music games put music back in the hands of a totally new and different generation .
those kids now KNOW a Beatles song .
or a Rolling Stones song .
or sure , even a terrible ( IMO ) Avenged Sevenfold song .
it is VERY possible that without these games a lot of the people we are talking about would have simply never had access to them , or at least would n't have taken advantage of the access they did have .
maybe now they are a new fan .
maybe now they are going to look at their back catalog and are enjoying the hell out of it .
maybe .
this ... is a Good Thing ( tm ) .
... so kids are listening to these songs while playing plastic instruments and not real ones .
would listening to the beatles WITHOUT the plastic instruments have made them that much more likely to pick up a real guitar and bring upon us a new renaissance of musicality among the youth ?
very doubtful .
rock band and guitar hero do n't make kids into real musicians , it makes them into kids ( and adults , of course ) who LIKE MUSIC .
i think that is just as important .
anyways ... i think this video is very awesome .
i love that you can see on her face just how much fun she is clearly having with this .
#rockbandflute
Images of the flooding that struck Cumbria .
If you have images you would like to share , send them to cumbria@bbc.co.uk
Below are links to galleries of the floods both from the BBC and external sources .
BBC Galleries
External galleries
Malicious people with malicious intent are constantly trying to gain access to your computer to make a buck at your expense .
Whether it be your credit card number for a quick transaction , or something more personal like a SS number for identity theft , anyone anywhere can be infected by all sorts of malware and viruses .
The following list contains 12 free programs that will help provide excellent protection for you and your computer allowing you to have peace of mind .
Why pay when you can get excellent protection for free ?
The following list has been broken up into three tiers :
Tier 1 – this tier contains the basic essentials of computer security software that everyone should have .
I highly recommend you install all the software listed under tier 1 .
Tier 2 – this tier contains software that are supplements to the software listed under tier 1 ; they are programs that you should have installed but do n’t need them , per se .
However , unless you are a very experienced techie , I highly recommend that you install all the software listed under tier 2 also .
Tier 3 – this tier contains software that goes above and beyond the protection an average user will need .
The software in tier 3 are fairly unique in the sense that they do n’t really overlap in functionality with the software in tier 1 and tier 2 but rather provide a unique aspect of protection .
Tier 3 is completely optional ; think of it as the “ pick and chose ” tier – you may select to install only some of the software from tier 3 or none at all .
You can also install all the software in tier 3 , but that will really be “ overkill ” protection , if you get what I mean .
Note : Unless specifically stated otherwise , all software is supported by 32 - bit and 64 - bit .
Note : Most of the software below are for “ home ” and / or “ non-commercial ” use only .
Tier 1
Anti-Virus , Spyware , Malware , and all - around Anti-Scumware
What : avast !
Free Antivirus
Why : avast !
Free Edition provides protection against viruses , rootkits , dialers , phishing scams , spyware , and adware ; in other word avast !
Free Edition provides you protection against all scumware / malware .
It also comes with multiple different real - time protection shields , such as an e-mail scanner , web scanner , IM scanner , file scanner , etc .
Originally an Avira fan , I have been converted to avast !
ever since the release of v5.0 for the simple fact that it provides excellent protection while still being fairly light on computer resources , providing a boatload of features , and having a very aesthetically pleasing interface .
All that with no continuous advertisement pop ups like in Avira .
( Avira is still terrific though , mind you . )
avast !
Free Antivirus system requirements :
Processor : Pentium 3 or higher
Operating system : Microsoft Windows 2000 , Microsoft Windows XP / Vista/7 ( 32/64 bit )
Hard drive :
At least 100 MB of free hard disk memory space ( more if using Quarantine for
temporary storage )
temporary storage ) RAM : At least 128 MB RAM
Alternatives : Avira or AVG or Microsoft Security Essentials
Read my review comparing avast !
vs. Avira vs. AVG for more detailed analysis on these software .
Firewall
What : Outpost Firewall Free
Why : Originally when I wrote this article , I recommended PC Tools Firewall Plus because it was one of the firewalls that – as far as I knew – did not have compatibility issues with many people ( like Comodo or Online Armor often do ) .
However , since then I had problems with PC Tools Firewall Plus with it literally self destructing on me – and killed my internet , amongst many other mean things , with it =( .
It just happened out of the blue – no idea why .
Lucky for me , recently Outpost Firewall Free 2009 was released around the same time as PC Tools Firewall Plus gave me a whiplash , so I went to check it out .
Providing excellent protection , having an excellent “ intelligent rules wizard ” , and being a hell lot less annoying than Firewall Plus , OutPost Firewall Free 2009 is , simply put , a winner .
I have never looked back since I started using Outpost .
Outpost system requirements :
Processor : 500 MHz or higher
Operating system : Windows 2000 / XP / Vista
Does n’t officially support Windows 7 ( yet ) but it seems to work just fine on Win7 .
Update : Apparently the 64 - bit version will not work on Win7 .
Hard drive : 30 MB
RAM : 256 MB
Alternatives : Comodo Personal Firewall Pro or Online Armor Personal Firewall Free Edition or PC Tools Firewall Plus or Windows Firewall
Tier 2
Anti-Malware On Demand Scanner
What : Malwarebytes Anti-Malware
Why :
You ask why , I say I have three words for you : lightweight , simple , and effective .
Malwarebytes is a popular free anti-malware protection that provides on demand scanning .
It is very lightweight and the malware detection rate is fairly good for being a supplement .
It scans pretty quickly also .
And since this does not provide live protection , it will only run when you tell it to .
At this point you may be thinking ‘ why do I need Malwarebytes when I have avast !’ , correct ?
Well here is the thing .
Technically speaking , avast ! will provide excellent protection against malware .
So in essence Malwarebytes is really just optional .
However , having an on demand scanner is always nice because it provides a different angle to things and may pick up something avast !
misses , because we all all know that no protection software is 100 % perfect .
Best of all it does not conflict with any program or use computer resources ( except hard drive space ) on a daily basis because it is an on - demand – it only starts working when you tell it to .
Malwarebytes system requirements :
Processor : 250 MHz or higher
Operating system : Windows 2000 and higher .
Vista may only support 32 - bit – I am finding conflicting reports about it .
Hard drive :
At least 3 MB
RAM : 64 MB or higher
Alternatives : Ad - Aware AE Edition or Spyware Doctor Starter Edition or SUPERAntiSpyware or Spyware Terminator or a -squared Free
System Monitor
What : WinPatrol
Why : Simply put WinPatrol is a lightweight program that provides excellent supplementary protection .
WinPatrol is not an anti-virus , or anti-spyware , or anti -[ insert catch phrase here ] , per se .
WinPatrol is an anti-make - system - changes - without - my - consent … if that makes sense .
WinPatrol sits in the background and monitors your computer for “ hijackings , malware attacks , and critical changes ” and alerts you about them .
A few very handy things WinPatrol protects you against include , but are not limited to , homepage changes , ActiveX changes , and startup program changes .
I ca n’t tell you how many times WinPatrol has saved me from an *** hole developer who thinks he can change my IE homepage without asking me .
Excellent program this WinPatrol is .
WinPatrol system requirements :
Operating system : Windows
95/98/ME/NT/2000/XP/Vista/Windows
7
Alternatives : AnVir Task Manager
Website Advisor
For Firefox / Flock users
What : LinkExtend
Why : The two most popular website advisers are McAfee Site Advisor and Web of Trust .
Both of them provide good information on websites and help steer us away from possible websites .
Of course no one service is perfect ( it is impossible to be 100 % accurate on every website on the internet ) .
This is why we have LinkExtend .
LinkExtend is a Firefox / Flock extension that provides information on :
Safety – Informs you if a web page is malicious , sends spam , contains spyware , online scams , identity theft , and more
KidSafe – Alerts you about sites that are unsafe for children and let ’s you erase these sites from your Firefox history automatically
Ethics – Rates ethical behavior of a site ’s company including social responsibility , business practices , environmental impact , etc .
PageRank – Represents how important a page is on the web , based on the Google link analysis algorithm , ranked from zero to ten
SiteTraffic – Shows you how popular a site is , based on the average page views and users for a particular site or web page
Visited – Tells you when you last visited a site , what pages you accessed , and lets you remove the site from your Firefox history
If you prefer to not view all this information , LinkExtend options let you pick and choose what you want to see .
Additionally if the toolbar annoys you , if you “ Customize Toolbars ” ( right click ) you can click + drag any of the ratings , place them at a different position on your Firefox toolbars and turn off the LinkExtend toolbar .
That way you do n’t have that annoys toolbar there yet you can still enjoy LinkExtend .
LinkExtend also has a context menu feature that allows you to view the ratings of a link – Shift + right click on a link to see it .
The great thing about LinkExtend the ratings generated by LinkExtend are from a combination of sources , including Site Advisor , Web of Trust , Browser Defender , Google Safe Browser , and many more .
You can also view the individual ratings from all these individual services .
So in essence LinkExtend is the “ Google ” of site advisers – it gathers ratings from popular services and shows you all of them for the website in question .
Of course since it gathers information from multiple sources , LinkExtend does cause a minor increase in website load times but that is the trade off for the abundance of information you get .
For everyone else
What : Web of Trust ( WOT )
Why : Web of Trust provides preemptive warnings about websites before you visit them .
It places a circle next to a link , and depending on the color of the circle , you know what kind of website it is ( green = good , red = bad ) .
If you visit a website below a certain level , you set the level through preference , you will be warned about the website and must confirm you want to visit it .
WOT information on websites comes from a cross reference of its databases and community rating / feedback .
WOT rates websites based on four categories : trustworthiness , vendor reliability , privacy , and child safety .
The information on WOT is generally good and reliable although not perfect .
While McAfee and WOT are generally similar in performance , I chose WOT over McAfee because WOT supports more platforms .
Currently WOT has plugins for Firefox and Internet Explorer with plans for a plugin for Chrome in the near future ; for Safari and Opera , it provides a bookmarklet .
McAfee only works with Firefox or Internet Explorer .
Alternatives : McAfee Site Advisor or Finjan or K9 Web Protection
Anti-Keylogger
What : Keyscrambler
Why : Keyscrambler – literally – “ scrambles ” your keystrokes when you type in your Internet browser , so keyloggers can’t log your keys .
In other words , it ensures that your important passwords , personal data ( that you often have to fill out forms with ) , etc. is safe in the case that you have a keylogger installed on your computer and you do n’t even know it .
( The keylogger will get a much of useless garbage instead of your real keystrokes . )
Keyscrambler system requirements :
Operating System : Windows 2000 , 2003 , XP , Vista or Windows 7 ( 32 - bit or 64 - bit ) ;
Browsers : Internet Explorer 6 or higher , Firefox 1.5 and later , Flock 1.0 and later ( the paid version supports more browsers than the three mentioned )
Preemptive Spyware Prevention
What : Spyware Blaster
Why : Spyware Blaster is a program that blocks cookies , ActiveX and URLs of known malware websites in Internet Explorer and blocks cookies for known malware websites in Firefox .
The great thing about Spyware Blaster is that it is not running all the time .
Spyware Blaster is somewhat like an vaccination shot for your computer : you run it once and your computer is vaccinated against all those spyware websites .
However you need to update the Spyware Blaster database at regular intervals ( suggested is once a week but once a month should be fine – you have to manually update it ) and re-vaccinate your computer every time you update the database .
Spyware Blaster system requirements :
Operating system : Windows 98/ME/NT/2000/XP/Vista
Browsers : Internet Explorer ( or any browser that uses the IE engine ) , Firefox , Netscape , Sea Monkey , Flock and K - Melon
Alternatives : OpenDNS
Tier 3
Behavior Blocker
What : Threatfire
Why : Varying from the norm signature based protection , Threatfire uses a unique ‘ behavior based ’ detection system .
This methodology not only helps prevent conflict and slowdowns if Threatfire is used with other security software like avast !
or Avira , but it provides a whole new angle at detecting scumware on your PC .
Threatfire is one of the only free anti-malware programs that provides full real time detection and protection .
Other programs such as Ad - Aware AE and Spyware Doctor provide limited real time protection that are signature based , raising the chance of conflict between security programs .
Threatfire has the ability to detect all kinds of scumware ; however the real - time protection is only for malware while there is an on demand scanner for everything else .
Alternatives : None as far as I know .
Threatfire system requirements :
Operating System : Windows 7 / Vista/XP/2003
Note : 64 - bit Vista and Win7 is now supported .
Anti-Dangerous Outdated Software
What : JavaRA
Why : Java Runtime Environment is often times targeted by scum looking a way to install scumware onto your computer .
To respond to this , JRE ( Java Runtime Environment ) is often patched and updated .
The problem is , after a patch / update the older version are just … left there .
This , obviously , is very dangerous – more harm than good .
JavaRA is a simple program that removes old version of JRE .
JavaRA does not run all the time .
Just run JavaRA after you download it for the first time and run it every time after you do an update of Java .
Vista users need to run this as Administrator .
JavaRA system requirements :
Operating system : Windows 95 , 98 , 2000 , XP , Vista , and Win7
What : Secunia PSI
Why : Secunia PSI is a software that focuses on updating software which cause a security risk .
Secunia scans your computers and looks for software that are missing security patches or are “ end - of - life ” .
If it finds them it tells you and you then fix the problem as necessary .
Secunia PSI is the desktop version ( you must download it ) while Secunia OSI is the online scanner ( slower and less features ) .
You should just run this scanner once in a while to make sure you do n’t suffer from a dangerous out dated software .
Secunia PSI system requirements :
Operating system : Windows 2000 SP4 , XP SP2 or higher , 2003 , Vista , and Win7
Secunia OSI system requirements :
Operating system : Windows 2000 SP4 , XP SP2 or higher , 2003 , Vista , and Win7
Browser : Internet Explorer 6 or higher , Firefox 2 or higher , Opera 9 or higher and Safart 3 or higher
Required software : Latest version of Windows Update and Java JRE 1.6.x or higher
Ad-hoc Host Intrusion Protection Software ( kind of )
What : GeSWall
Why : GeSWall has taken it upon its self to be the “ prevention ” part of the three step computer security plan .
Similar to Sandboxie , or any other sandboxing program , GeSWall “ isolates ” programs ; however GeSWall focuses on the main “ entry points ” from where scumware can enter your computer , including but not limited to , your internet browser instead of all programs in general .
Different to Sandboxie , or any other sandboxing program , GeSWall ’s “ isolation ” does not involve sandboxing programs ; rather GeSWall limits file permissions and restricts access to system resources / important files .
The “ isolated ” program runs just fine but all files ( and / or folders / registry keys ) downloaded from an “ isolated ” program ( knowingly or unknowingly ) are automatically treated as “ untrusted ” .
“ Untrusted ” files / folders / registry keys have no system access – no permissions .
Therefore with no system access , even a scumware file / folder / registry entry will be able to do diddly squat to your computer .
You are told anytime an “ untrusted ” file tries to make any system changes .
Just go and delete the scumware files and no harm is done .
Simple , yet effective .
If you ever want to download something , yet your are running an “ isolated ” browser , you just need to manually right click on that file and make it “ trusted ” after you finish downloading it .
The one thing I like about GeSWall is that it does not slow down your browser if your run it “ isolated ” as opposed to minor lag if I run a browser “ sandboxed ” with Sandboxie .
GeSWall system requirements :
Operating system : Windows 2000 /XP/2003 / Vista/Win7
Alternatives : Sandboxie or SafeSpace or Altiris SVS or JauntePE
Remove - All - Changes - From -Computer - After - Reboot Software
What : Returnil Virtual System Home Free
Why : Returnil Virtual System is a program which aims to provide protection to users in an unorthodox manner .
Usually when a user wants protection against malware , and other bad things , he or she installs security software like avast ! , Avira , Kaspersky , Norton , AVG , NOD32 , etc. which actively , and on demand , detect and remove infected files .
Although the new 2010 version of RVS also includes an anti-virus / anti-malware component , RVS ’s core method of system security is this : it creates a “ virtual copy ” of your main system partition ( the partition which you have Windows installed ) and whatever changes are made to your computer are dumped when you restart your computer ( there are opinions to tweak how it does that , but generally speaking , that is how it works ) .
This approach is the ultimate protection because even if you download malware unknowingly on your computer , RVS gets rid it ( 100 % completely ) when you restart your computer .
Of course , any other changes made to your computer are also undone ( like Windows Updates ; so be sure to turn RVS off when running Windows Updates ) .
Returnil Virtual System system requirements :
Operating System : Windows XP /2003 Server / Vista/2008 Server / Win7
Alternatives : Microsoft SteadyState
That sums up my recommended list of 12 best free protection software .
The logical behind this list is quite simple : prevention , detection , and cure .
The combination of these 12 software will provide you all - around security for you and your computer .
However they are not a replacement for the human element – the best way to stay safe is to avoid shady and questionable websites / downloads !
Good luck = ) .
Feel free to post your thoughts , experiences , or suggestions below .
Originally written on Jan 27 , 2009 .
Last updated April 8 , 2010 .
* Processor Pentium 3 , 128 MB RAM , 100 MB of free hard disk space
* Microsoft Windows 2000 , Microsoft Windows XP / Vista/7 ( 32/64 bit )
Team Obama is suffering from Extended Campaign Syndrome .
In an election , campaign staffers are often just trying to survive until the next week or the next primary .
They cut corners because they are fatigued or under pressure .
They can be purposely combative and even portray critics as enemies .
Carrying this mindset into the White House can get you into trouble , a lesson the Obama administration is now learning the hard way .
For ...
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Six sheep belonging to a farmer who lives near Ardboe in County Tyrone have been targeted in a paint attack .
The man , who is a Protestant and wants to remain anonymous , said his animals had been daubed with tricolours .
He said the ewes were in lamb and he fears some may lose their unborn young as a result of the stress they have suffered during the incident .
UUP MLA Billy Armstrong said the attack was sectarian and intended to intimidate the farmer .
He rejected the idea that it may have been a Halloween prank and said it was an attack " on Protestant people in a very nationalist area " .
The farmer had experienced some minor trouble in the area before - republican graffiti had been sprayed on roads near his home and the gate of his field was left open .
He said he was " disappointed " at the latest incident which he described as a " blatant display of sectarianism " .
The farmer said he would usually have sold the sheep by this stage but he cannot bring the animals to market covered in the indelible dye .
He said he will now have to wait until next May when their fleeces can be shorn .
How to Market Your Software Successfully
How you market your software products is the major factor in your success or failure as a software developer .
This may seem an unfair reality to some , who would hope that the features and benefits of a software application would be enough to ensure success .
The truth is , without a quality marketing strategy , your product will not reach the audience it requires for success .
This can be a large obstacle for small startups with only a core development team , as English copywriting will be a task they simply " have to do " , rather than something treated as intrinsically tied to the product 's success .
This would be a mistake , and this article seeks to show you why English grammar , spelling and writing style are vitally important .
Having a great idea for a software product is the first step to creating a startup and employing a development team .
How you convey your product to an audience , including the quality of your website , the way in which you advertise and market , and the writing style you employ for copywriting is then the next vital step to work on , and in this , many companies fall short .
A good manual for your product , or a well written and informative web site , often seem superfluous to developers who are busy solving issues in the implementation of the program , but ultimately , these are exactly the things the customer uses to form an opinion of the product and its relevancy for them .
Of course , not every startup company will have the funds for a dedicated English copywriter in the early stages of the business .
That does n't have to mean , however , that your product is doomed to Internet obscurity .
With WhiteSmoke writing technology , you can create professional quality copy for your web site and marketing needs from your own texts .
WhiteSmoke will take your writing , and like any quality English editor or copywriter , turn them into gold .
Here 's how WhiteSmoke works :
First , write your promotional text , webpage , or marketing banner .
When you feel like it is fairly complete , simply click the WhiteSmoke key to let WhiteSmoke begin its work on the text .
Almost instantly , WhiteSmoke will scan the text and detect all spelling and English grammar errors , as well as make intelligent suggestions for enriching your writing style with synonyms , and additional adverbs and adjectives .
Les femmes restent plus vulnérables que les hommes face à la maladie .
Les importants progrès réalisés en matière de santé au cours des dernières décennies et le fait qu'elles assurent la majeure partie des soins de santé n'y auront rien changé : les femmes ne trouvent toujours pas dans les soins de santé la réponse à leurs besoins spécifiques .
Telle est la conclusion de l'Organisation mondiale de la santé ( OMS ) dans un rapport intitulé " Les femmes et la santé " , publié lundi 9 novembre .
Isabelle de Zoysa , médecin suisse qui a contribué à l'étude , revient sur la situation des femmes en Europe , plus préoccupante qu'elle n'y paraît .
A quelles maladies les femmes sont - elles particulièrement exposées en Europe ?
Les femmes adultes sont principalement confrontées à des cardiopathies ischémiques ( infarctus ou angine de poitrine , soit 16 % des causes de décès ) et aux accidents vasculaires cérébraux ( 11 % ) .
Elles subissent aussi des maladies mentales , notamment Alzheimer et des dépressions , des infections des voix respiratoires et des cancers , du sein principalement , puis du poumon , du côlon et du col de l'utérus .
Avec le développement des sociétés et des économies , on aurait pu s'attendre à une population en meilleure santé .
Or , si les femmes vivent plus vieilles qu'avant et en moyenne six à huit ans de plus que les hommes , elles sont loin d'être heureuses et en bonne santé .
La société porte alors un lourd fardeau de pathologies chroniques , telles que les diabètes , obésité , cancers ou maladies cardiaques , pulmonaires et mentales .
Comment expliquer ce manque de soins chez les femmes ?
Même dans les pays développés , le manque d'accès à l'éducation , l'absence de pouvoir de décision , la faiblesse de leurs revenus et les violences dont elles font parfois l'objet peuvent limiter la capacité des femmes à protéger leur propre santé ainsi que celle de leur famille .
Quand elles accèdent correctement aux services de soins , les femmes sont régulièrement mal diagnostiquées .
En effet , les symptômes qu'elles développent diffèrent de ceux des hommes .
Par exemple , les maladies cardiovasculaires , que l'on considère souvent comme des problèmes " masculins " , sont des affections meurtrières chez les femmes .
Or , si l'une d'entre elles témoigne d'essoufflement ou de douleurs diffuses , elle ne sera pas forcément prise au sérieux et les médecins ne pratiqueront pas d'office un électrocardiogramme .
Enfin , les femmes et les jeunes filles sont souvent exclues des essais cliniques , les laboratoires craignant qu'elles soient enceintes .
Or , leur masse musculaire et hormones induisent des réponses physiologiques aux traitements différentes de celles des hommes .
Quelles mesures les gouvernements doivent - ils prendre afin de mieux protéger et soigner les femmes ?
Les gouvernements doivent prendre en compte l'ensemble des problèmes des femmes et pas seulement ceux liés à la reproduction .
Sachant que les violences sexuelles , dont découlent de nombreuses maladies , sont souvent perpétrées par les partenaires sexuels , les Etats peuvent par exemple mettre en place des programmes de prévention , des refuges où les femmes peuvent venir avec leurs enfants ou encore former les policiers et les juges afin de mieux protéger les victimes .
Propos recueillis par Audrey Garric
ppjg Constitution federal abuses , freedom , independent states , State sovereignty , Tennessee
by State Rep. Susan Lynn ( TN - 57th )
The following is a letter from Tennessee to the other 49 State Legislatures
We send greetings from the Tennessee General Assembly .
On June 23 , 2009 , House Joint Resolution 108 , the State Sovereignty Resolution , was signed by Governor Phil Bredesen .
The Resolution created a committee which has as its charge to :
Communicate the resolution to the legislatures of the several states ,
Assure them that this State continues in the same esteem of their friendship ,
Call for a joint working group between the states to enumerate the abuses of authority by the federal government , and
Seek repeal of the assumption of powers and the imposed mandates .
It is for those purposes that this letter addresses your honorable body .
In 1776 , our founding fathers declared our freedom in the magnificent Declaration of Independence ; our guide to governance .
They established a nation of free and independent states .
Declaring that the purpose of our political system is to secure for its citizens ’ their natural rights .
The Constitution authorizes the national government to carry out seventeen enumerated powers in Article 1 , Section 8 and the powers of several of the ensuing amendments .
At the time of the Constitutional ratification process James Madison drafted the “ Virginia Plan ” to give Congress general legislative authority and to empower the national judiciary to hear any case that might cause friction among the states , to give the congress a veto over state laws , to empower the national government to use the military against the states , and to eliminate the states ’ accustomed role in selecting members of Congress .
Each one of these proposals was soundly defeated .
In fact , Madison made many more attempts to authorize a national veto over state laws , and these were repeatedly defeated as well .
There are clear limits to the power of the federal government and clear realms of power for the states .
However , the simple and clear expression of purpose , to secure our natural rights , has evolved into the modern expectation that the national government has an obligation to ensure our life , to create our liberty , and fund our pursuit of happiness .
The national government has become a complex system of programs whose purposes lie outside of the responsibilities of the enumerated powers and of securing our natural rights ; programs that benefit some while others must pay .
Today , the federal government seeks to control the salaries of those employed by private business , to change the provisions of private of contracts , to nationalize banks , insurers and auto manufacturers , and to dictate to every person in the land what his or her medical choices will be .
Forcing property from employers to provide healthcare , legislating what individuals are and are not entitled to , and using the labor of some so that others can receive money that they did not earn goes far beyond securing natural rights , and the enumerated powers in the Constitution .
The role of our American government has been blurred , bent , and breached .
The rights endowed to us by our creator must be restored .
To be sure , the People created the federal government to be their agent for certain enumerated purposes only .
The Constitutional ratifying structure was created so it would be clear that it was the People , and not the States , that were doing the ratifying .
The Tenth Amendment defines the total scope of federal power as being that which has been delegated by the people to the federal government , and also that which is absolutely necessary to advancing those powers specifically enumerated in the Constitution of the United States .
The rest is to be handled by the state governments , or locally , by the people themselves .
The Constitution does not include a congressional power to override state laws .
It does not give the judicial branch unlimited jurisdiction over all matters .
It does not provide Congress with the power to legislate over everything .
This is verified by the simple fact that attempts to make these principles part of the Constitution were soundly rejected by its signers .
With this in mind , any federal attempt to legislate beyond the Constitutional limits of Congress ’ authority is a usurpation of state sovereignty – and unconstitutional .
Governments and political leaders are best held accountable to the will of the people when government is local .
The people of a state know what is best for them ; authorities , potentially thousands of miles away , governing their lives is opposed to the very notion of freedom .
We invite your state to join with us to form a joint working group between the states to enumerate the abuses of authority by the federal government and to seek repeal of the assumption of powers and the imposed mandates .
Susan Lynn [ send her email ] is a member of the Tennessee General Assembly ; serving on the Commerce Committee and Chairman of the Government Operations committee .
She holds a BS in economics and a minor in history .
She is the Chairman of the American Legislative Exchange Council ’s Commerce Task Force .
Visit her blog at http://susan-lynn.blogspot.com
Texan conservatives against new " put Jesus in public schools " law
( ACPA - Waco , TX ) Two years ago , the Texas House passed bill 1287 requiring public schools to put the Bible on the curriculum for the current school year .
But as schools get ready to start their new classes , Texans are in uproar , feeling betrayed and tricked by the liberal elite , because it 's going to be , " all Jesus , all the time . "
" I thought this was going to be some sort of Bible history lesson , " said Robert Myer of the conservative group , ' Texans for a Strong Texas ' .
" But no , they want to start teaching about who this Jesus is - hey , one minute it 's love your neighbor and help the sick , next thing we 'll have national health care , they need to keep this socialism out of our schools . "
Marine corporal , John Langston , of Conroe , Texas agreed .
" I did n't take 13 weeks of abuse on Parris Island learning to turn the other cheek .
If I had learned all that pussy BS in high school , I would never have made it through boot camp .
Are we trying to teach our kids to be wimps now ?
They need to keep this stuff out of the classroom . "
Get a job , you dirty Hippy !
Another Texan complained , " I heard this Jesus guy never had a job .
How do you think his hard working father felt when his son became a hippy peace - and - love drifter , with no respect for authority ?
Heck , this guy ended up getting arrested and executed because he would n't follow the rules .
Not much of a role model for Texas kids , if you ask me . "
A spokeswoman for the ' Texas United Families ' group also condemned the new law saying that , " It 's a well - established fact that the man 's mother was not even married .
How dare they try to push an Amsterdam agenda on our daughters ? "
But some people seem unfazed by the whole affair .
Jay Wayne , a student at the University of Texas told a reporter : " I do n't know man , I think they are way too harsh , this Jesus guy seems like a real cool dude .
Once he was at a party and they ran out of booze , but Jesus breaks out his personal stash of wine and they party on all night .
I want a roommate like him ! "
So - called Hero Pilot Refuses to Lands Plane in Chicago River
Local Walmarts Fear Rise of Super - Walmart
Not Gay Senator to Visit Iran
Atheist Sees Image of the Big Bang in a Slice of Toast
or Click here for all our Satire News Stories
Thanks for visiting !
Andrew Brown 's recent blog on atheism and class attracted a huge number of responses , including one from BristolBoy asking , " Has anyone in the UK ever carried out a study of the demographics of belief , with particular reference to the UK ? "
The answer is yes .
Last year we at Theos , the public theology thinktank , commissioned a large survey ( 2,000 + respondents ) looking into attitudes to evolution , a / theism and a whole host of related topics .
One of the questions , adapted from an earlier BBC / ICM survey , asked people not simply what they believed ( about God ) but whether they had changed their mind , and by cross- tabulating these results with standard demographic questions , we can get a reasonably detailed picture of the class composition of atheism and theism in the UK .
The results can be read here but in summary the study found that lifelong theists ( " I have always believed in God " ) are disproportionately from lower socio-economic grades ( DE : semi- skilled and unskilled manual workers or those unemployed or on state benefits ) , whereas lifelong atheists ( " I have never believed in God " ) are disproportionately from upper social grades ( AB : higher or intermediate managerial or administrative professionals ) .
No surprise there .
The default position in the UK ( and seemingly in humans themselves ) has long been belief in God , so you would expect theism to be a mass movement and atheism a more select one .
What is interesting – and surprising – is that " converts " to theism ( " I believe in God now but have not always done so " ) are disproportionately from upper and upper - middle social grades ( ABC1 : as above plus supervisory , clerical , junior managerial or administrative professionals ) , whereas " converts " to atheism ( " I used to believe in God but I no longer do so " ) are disproportionately from lower social grades ( DE ) .
The same data can also be analysed according to final level of education .
As education correlates strongly with social grade , you would expect similar findings , which is more or less what you get .
Lifelong theists are disproportionately made up of those with no academic qualifications , whereas lifelong atheists are disproportionately made up of those with a Bachelor 's degree ( but not a master 's or PhD ) .
Moreover , lifelong atheists are disproportionately underrepresented in the category of those who have " no academic qualifications " .
Lifelong atheists , in other words , are better educated than lifelong theists .
However , it 's important to note that the same story is going on in education as with socio-economic grade .
" Converts " to theism are disproportionately made up of those with a master 's degree or above , and those with " no academic qualifications " are disproportionately underrepesented in this group , whereas " converts " to atheism are disproportionately made up of those with " no academic qualifications " , and with BAs ( but not MAs or above ) .
In short , the data seem to be showing two things .
First , atheism has historically been a minority movement of better educated and higher - social grade individuals whereas theism has more affinity with the lower and lower - middle class and the less well educated .
Second , this is changing , with new theists coming from a higher social grade and being better educated than new atheists .
There are a number of ways of explaining this , none of them very satisfactory .
The grand theory would be that atheism is finally becoming a mass phenomenon , in the way that theism always has been and , in so doing , is acquiring some of theism 's demographic characteristics .
It sounds persuasive but the fact that converts to atheism and converts to theism almost perfectly balance out ( 8.3 % vs 7.7 % ) rather undermines the idea .
The actual size of each constituency is staying largely constant .
Only the composition is changing .
On a less grand scale , the data suggest that the effect of vocal atheism over the last decade has been to reach successfully into previously uncharted demographic territory ( witness The God Delusion 's sales figures ) but at the cost of losing some of its intellectual credibility ( the critical review of The God Delusion in the London Review of Books , for example ) .
If this is happening , we might expect to see atheism become increasingly " religious " in its composition if not in its size .
In a sense , that was precisely what the atheist bus adverts earlier in the year were attempting .
As the Canadian novelist Margaret Atwood commented " 'I understand that in Britain recently , some people paid to put atheistic slogans on buses – someone paid !
That 's religion !
Once you 're paying money to put slogans on things , well it 's either a product you 're selling , a political party or religion . "
If atheism does succeed in breaking out of its higher - class , intellectualist confines , it is likely to do so at the cost of becoming more like a religion than its adherents would like .
Instead of all of the parts for the clock , you can also consider SparkFun 's DS1307 module .
You pay for it , but you get what looks like a very nice clock / crystal / battery package that you can just drop into your project .
Disclaimer : I 've never played with it personally .
Only had it recommended to me .
No way am I paying $ 20 for $ 3 in parts on a board .
How It Works
Possible Extensions
freakin awesome
Problems
For some reason , I could not get the LiquidCrystal library and Serial to both work at the same time .
This means that to dump the EEPROM or reset the clock , I have to flash in a different program , then reflash the logging program .
I was originally using a DS1306 clock chip , but it drifted badly ( a few minutes a day ) .
Once I switched to the DS1307 , which calls for the 12 pF crystal I had , instead of a 6 pF crystal , it has n't noticeably drifted in a few days .
Lesson learned : make sure you have the right crystal for your clock .
Do n't copy paste big chunks of code that almost do the same thing without stopping and really thinking about it .
I spent a long time trying to figure out why the data dump just read the last measurement for all of them .
Was using the read number count instead of the loop variable ...
I was afraid I had somehow smoked my $ 4 EEPROM .
thinking about it .
I spent a long time trying to figure out why the data dump just read the last measurement for all of them .
Was using the read number count instead of the loop variable ...
I was afraid I had somehow smoked my $ 4 EEPROM .
I think finding I2C addresses in data sheets is some kind of right of passage .
You'd think that they would be something they 're put rather prominently on the first page , or refer to it several times , but instead , every time they do refer to it , they refer to it as , " that address as noted previously , " etc .
Freakin pain in the ass , digging through not only the text , but all the I2C spec diagrams to find where they happened to show the waveform for the device 's address , which you then get to decode into the 7 bit number you needed in the first place .
I finally wrote up one page of notes with all the I2C addresses and register numbers so I could actually write some code instead of spend two hours digging through the data sheets every time I try to implement something .
Results
= ( first cell ) +( second cell / 256 )
Update 10/24/09 :
it
Update 10/25/09 :
Just like every other good engineer in life , I thrive on data .
It does n't even need to be solving a problem .
Simply having the ability to say , " I know this , " is awesome .
Having some free time last month , I started playing with my Arduino again , and finally got around to ordering all the parts I needed for a project I 've been thinking about for a long time .
This is my Arduino - based temperature logger .
On the breadboard , from left to right , is a serial real time clock , a 1 Mb EEPROM , and lastly the serial temperature sensor .
Parts list : Forget that .
I was able to put together the functional equivalent with less than $ 10 worth of parts on a scrap piece of perf board .
Since pretty much everything uses IC , I 'll leave wiring it all up as an exercise for the student ( Hint : connect everything to analog 4 & 5 ) .
Note that some of the features of the dumper ( setting the clock , reading the clock ) , do n't work .
The main goal was to just get the D( ump ) and Z ( ero ) commands working .
I 'll get the other commands working at some point if I mess up and the DS1307 loses power at some point ( I originally set it using some sample code I found online ) .
I measured the current draw as 42.5 mA , so ignoring the loss in the power supply , that 's only half a watt .
For this much data , I can pay for half a watt !
On power - up , the Arduino checks the CH ( Clock Halt ) flag on the DS1307 clock chip .
If this flag is set , it indicates that the clock has lost power , and that the date and data stored on it is n't valid .
Without valid data , the Arduino displays an error message on the LCD and enters an infinite loop to do nothing .
If the clock is running , the controller then loads the first two bytes of general purpose RAM off of the clock .
The DS1307 provides 56 bytes of RAM which can be backed by its battery in the case of power failure .
I use the first two bytes of it to store the current index into the EEPROM , so that if the controller gets reset , as long as the clock has power , I 'll never start writing over collected data by starting from the beginning again .
It then prints the read count on the LCD for a second before changing to the current time and date .
I found this useful for debugging , since I then only needed to hit the reset button to figure out where it was writing to on the EEPROM .
It also sends the temperature sensor the signal to start taking temperature readings .
The DS1631 is factory set to continuously take readings , as opposed to the other option where it only takes one and goes back into standby .
Once all of the initialization is finished , the Arduino enters a loop where every 100 ms it reads the time off the DS1307 and the temperature off the DS1631 to display on the LCD .
It then compares the minute value to the previous one , and if they 're different , that means it 's been a minute since the last temperature recorded in the EEPROM .
To record the temperature to the EEPROM , the current temperature reading is written to the EEPROM , and the address stored in the clock 's RAM is incremented , so if the power goes out in the next minute , no data is lost or overwritten .
Conveniently , all three of the ICs use the IC serial interface ( by accident ?
Who knows ... ) , so that leaves a ton of extra pins if I manage to think up anything else to add on .
Each temperature reading is stored as 2 bytes , one for the whole degrees , and the other to store 4 bits of fractional degrees .
It would n't be unreasonable to assume my room is never going to swing outside of something like 20 - 30 degrees Celsius , and try and pack the reading into one byte to save room .
I 'm using a 1Mb EEPROM , which gives me enough room to take two byte readings every minute for 45 days .
This is an incredibly high time resolution , and backing it off to something more reasonable , like once every 15 minutes , stretches this time out to 2 years .
Changing the source is trivial ; just add minute % 15==0 to the if statement in loop ( ) .
Since the EEPROM is IC , having the maximum 4 devices per bus is simply a question of paying the $ 4 per device .
You would have to change how the tempreadcount variable is handled everywhere ( store it in three bytes on the DS1307 instead of two , etc ) so it does n't roll over after the first chip is filled , but that would mean being able to take a temperature reading every minute for half a year , and that 's justEven without the AT24C EEPROM , the Arduino comes with 512 or 1024 bytes of EEPROM on - board .
This can get you a couple days of 15 minute readings , which is at least enough to play with , if you just wanted to buy the DS1631 chip .
After running for one day , it came time to dump the data into Excel .
I did this by writing the second program , which just prints each reading number , and the two bytes of the reading , all tab seperated so they will go into seperate cells nicely .
To calculate the temperature was simply a matter of .
A little bit of good old graphing magic later , I got this : Click to enlarge !
It is pretty clear that a one minute time resolution on a 12 bit temperature measurement is a little overkill .
Most values are repeated for 10 minutes before drifting down another 1/16th of a degree to the next possible value .
I 've been playing with massaging the data after the fact to get a smoother line , but the logical next step is to just record the average reading for 5 - 15 minute periods to ink out two more bits , while saving a tremendous amount of EEPROM ( 45 days per chip to 1.8 years for 15 minute intervals ) .
Note that the spikes in the afternoon were me playing with it by putting my finger on it and watching the temperature go up and fall back down to room temp .
So after running the logger for a whole week , I 've dumped the 10,000 some odd data points , and graphed them in Excel , just for your enjoyment ( I 'm lying , mine too ) .
Click to enlarge .
The ticks on the x axis are about where I believe midnight to be ( I 'm planning on patching the firmware to log a 0xFFFF temperature at midnight , sinceknows what time it is ) .
It 's pretty clear that I left my window open over night two of the seven nights ( Monday morning , Friday morning ) .
What I did find surprising was how late it was before it started getting cooler .
Most nights you can see it at least holding steady until I finally went to bed around 12:30 am ( Sunday night being the exception , due to the open window ) .
On Thursday ( second to last day ) it 's most dramatic , but when I leave for class , etc , the temperature markedly stops rising .
I expected being home , awake , and active had an effect on my room 's temperature , but certainly not to the degree shown on these graphs .
I also implemented a histogram feature on the last of the unused LCD space using the eight custom glyphs feature on the HD44780 controller .
Essentially what I did was every hour ( every half hour in the picture ) , stored the current temperature in an array of the last 40 ( 5 columns * 8 glyphs ) such readings .
I then calculated the maximum and minimum values for this set , and used that to normalize the values so they ranged between zero and eight , to calculate how many pixels high that column should be .
The code ended up being pretty ugly , so I 'll leave the specifics as a challenge for the student ( do n't you hate it when they say that ? ) .
The general idea is : Bar height = ( temperature - minimum temperature ) * 8 / ( maximum - minimum ) Storing the hourly temp readings in an array was just me being lazy .
The IC bus is pretty freakin fast , so the better solution would be to just read the values back off the EEPROM , since this only needs to be done once an hour , and that has the added advantage of not having an empty graph on reset .
The present contains all possible futures .
But not all futures are good ones .
Some can be quite cruel .
The one we actually get is dictated by the choices we make .
For the last few months I have been addressing the choices in front of us , economically speaking .
Today I am going to summarize them , and maybe we can look for some signposts that will tell us which path we ’re headed down .
For those who are new readers and who would like a more in - depth analysis , you can go to the archives at www.2000wave.com and search for terms I am writing about .
And I will start out by briefly touching on today ’s ugly unemployment numbers , with data you did not get in the mainstream media .
But first , let me welcome the readers of EQUITIES Magazine to this letter .
The publisher is sending the letter to you directly .
This letter is free , and all you have to do to continue receiving it is type in your email address at www.2000wave.com.
Likewise , I have arranged for my regular readers to get a free subscription to EQUITIES Magazine , if you would like .
You can go to www.equitiesmagazine.com.
For those who do n’t know , I write a brief monthly column for them .
The Ugly Unemployment Numbers
The headlines said unemployment , as measured by the “ establishment survey , ” was down by 190,000 ; and even though that was slightly worse than forecast , market bulls were cheered by the fact that the number was not as bad as last month ’s .
It is an improvement that we are not falling as fast .
Well , maybe .
What I did not see in many of the stories I read was that the number of unemployed actually soared by 558,000 , to 15.7 million , as measured by the household survey .
The establishment survey polls larger businesses ; the household survey actually calls individual households .
Let ’s look at the real number in the establishment survey .
If you do n’t seasonally adjust the number , the actual change in unemployment for October was 641,000 , or about 450,000 more than the seasonally adjusted number .
And the Bureau of Labor Statistics added 86,000 jobs that they simply guess were created through the so - called birth - death ratio .
Interestingly , the birth - death ratio number is not seasonally adjusted , so it is just added to the unemployment number .
http://www.bls.gov/web/cesbd.htm
The total ( U - 6 ) employment rate is at a record high of 17.5 % ( this includes those who are part - time for economic reasons ) .
There are now over 10.5 million people who have lost their jobs since the beginning of the downturn .
My favorite slicer and dicer of data , Greg Weldon ( www.weldononline.com), offers up an even more horrific number .
As I have noted before , if you have not looked for work in the last four weeks , the BLS does not count you as unemployed .
Quoting Greg : “ Moreover , when we combine the monthly change in the number of Unemployed , with the number Not in the Labor Force , we might consider the result to be a proxy for the actual ‘ change ’ in the underlying labor market situation … in which case , October ’s figure of 817,000 represents the fourth LARGEST yet , behind last month ’s ( September ’s ) second largest figure of 1,021,000 … for a two - month combined figure of 1.838 million , in newly Unemployed , or no longer ‘ in ’ the Labor Force … “ … the second LARGEST two - month total EVER posted , barely trailing the December - 08 / January - 09 total 1.955 million .
“ Bottom line … basis this measure AND the ‘ Total Unemployment Rate , ’ we could conclude that not only is there NO ‘ improvement ’ in the labor market , but moreover , that it continues to DETERIORATE , intently . ”
There are plenty more implications in the data , but let ’s turn to the topic of the day .
The Present Contains All Possible Futures
Like teenagers , we as a US polity have made a number of bad choices over the past decade .
We allowed banks to overleverage and , in the case of AIG ( and others ) , sell what were essentially naked call options of credit default swaps , based on their firm balance sheets , far in excess of their net worth ; and that put our entire financial system at risk .
We gave mortgages to people who could not pay them , and did so in such large amounts that we again brought down the entire world financial system to the point that only with staggering amounts of taxpayer money was it brought back from the brink of Armageddon .
We assumed that home prices were not in a bubble but were a permanent fixture of ever - rising value , and we borrowed against our homes to finance what seemed like the perfect lifestyle .
We did not regulate the mortgage markets .
We ran large and growing government deficits .
We did not save enough .
We allowed rating agencies to degrade their ratings to a point where they no longer meant anything .
The list is much longer , but you get the idea .
Now , we are faced with a continuing crisis and the aftermath of multiple bubbles bursting .
We are left with a massive government deficit and growing public debt , record unemployment , and consumers who are desperately trying to repair their balance sheets .
If present trends are left unchecked , we will need to find $ 15 trillion in the next ten years , just to pay for US government debt , let alone state , county , and city debt .
And perhaps some loans for business will be needed ?
Where can all this money come from ?
The answer is that it ca n’t be found .
Long before we get to 2019 there will be an upheaval in the market , forcing what could be unpleasant changes .
We are left with no good choices , only bad ones .
We have created a situation that is going to cause a lot of pain .
It is not a question of pain or no pain , it is just when and how we decide ( or are forced ) to take it .
There are no easy paths , but some bad choices are less bad than others .
So , let ’s review some of the choices we can make .
( Again , I am being very general here .
You can go to the archives for more specifics .
This is a summary letter . )
Argentinian Disease
One way to deal with the deficit is to do what Argentina and other countries have done : simply print the money needed to cover the deficits .
Of course , that eventually means hyperinflation and the collapse of the currency and all debt .
There are writers who think this is an inevitable outcome .
How else , they ask , can we deal with the debt ?
Where is the political willpower ?
One large hedge - fund manager in Brazil humorously remarked that Argentina is a binomial country .
When faced with two choices ( hence binomial ) they always made the bad choice .
Could it happen here ?
Hyperinflation is not an economic event ; it is a political choice .
I think last Tuesday ’s election is a sign that the voter population is beginning to pay attention to the need for something more than talk of change .
There is growing discomfort with the size of the deficits .
Further , the Fed would have to cooperate in order for there to be hyperinflation , and I think there is only a very slight ( as in almost zero ) chance of that happening .
Could Congress change the rules and take over the Fed ?
Anything ’s possible , but I seriously doubt there is any appetite in saner Democratic circles for such a thing to happen .
I think the chances of hyperinflation in the US are quite low .
It would be the worst of all possible bad choices .
The Austrian Solution
Here I refer to the Austrian school of economic theory , based on the work of Ludwig von Mises and Friedrich Hayek , et al .
There are those in the Austrian camp who argue the need to do away with the Fed , return to the gold standard , allow the banks that are now deemed too big to fail to go ahead and fail , along with any businesses that are also mismanaged ( such as GM and Chrysler ) , and leave the high ground to new and more properly run .
In their model , government spending is slashed to the bone , as are ( in most cases ) taxes .
The advantage is that , in theory , you get all your pain at once and then can begin to recover from what would be a very bad and deep recession .
The bad news is that you risk getting 30 % unemployment and another depression that could take a very long time to climb out of .
Now , let me say that I have GREATLY simplified their argument .
If you want to learn more you can go to www.mises.org.
It is an excellent web site for all things Austrian .
While I am not Austrian , I have spent a lot of time reading the literature and have certain sympathies for this view .
That being said , this also has almost no chance of being implemented .
In Congress , only my friend Ron Paul is its advocate .
Most Austrian followers are Libertarian by nature , and that is just not a political reality for the coming decade .
The Eastern European Solution
As it turned out , Niall Ferguson ( last week I wrote about his brilliant book , The Ascent of Money ) was in Dallas last night , and I was graciously invited to hear him .
He gave a great speech and signed books , and then we went to a local bar and proceeded to solve the world ’s problems over Scotch ( Niall ) and tequila ( me ) , and went farther into the night than we originally intended .
He ’s a very fun and knowledgeable guy .
As we were talking about possible paths , he brought one to mind that I had n’t thought of .
He reminded me of the period after the fall of the Berlin Wall , as the nations of Eastern Europe broke from the former Soviet Union .
They started with very weak economies and simply overhauled their entire governments and economies in a rather short period of time , though not in lockstep with one another .
Privatization , lowered taxes , etc. were the order of the day .
We here in the US are always talking about the need for reform .
We need to reform health care or education or energy .
In Eastern Europe they did not reform in the sense that we use the word .
In many cases they simply started from scratch and built new systems .
They had the advantage that there was general agreement that things did not work the way they had been , so there was more room for change .
Today in the US there are large constituencies that resist change .
We only get to tinker around the edges , when real structural change is needed .
Sadly , we agreed that here there is not much chance of major change .
We ca n’t even get the obvious changes needed in the financial regulatory world .
Sidebar : I am outraged at the paltry proposed financial “ reforms . ”
Rahm Emanuel said that no crisis should be allowed to go to waste .
The Obama administration is wasting this one .
How can we allow banks to be too big to fail ?
Where is the reinstatement of Glass - Steagall ?
If we are going to allow large banks to exist , then their leverage must be reduced to the point where their failure would not risk the system and require taxpayer dollars .
I do n’t care if that makes them less profitable .
They are making those large profits because they have taxpayers implicitly behind them , and I get no dividend payments from them , the last time I checked .
Where is Fannie and Freddie reform ( and their breakup ) ?
No mention of an exchange for credit default swaps ?
( And yes , I know that such an exchange would reduce the number of swaps and the profitability of them .
That is the point .
They are dangerous if allowed to become too big a market . )
This bill reads as if bank lobbyists wrote it .
Where is the populist outrage ?
We have let the fox set up the rules for running the hen house .
Shame on us all if we allow this to happen .
Japanese Disease I have written a lot over the past year about the problems facing Japan .
Their population is shrinking , as is their work force .
They are running massive fiscal deficits and have done so for almost 20 years .
Government debt - to - GDP is now up to 178 % and projected to rise to over 200 % within a few years .
They started their “ lost decades ” with a savings rate of almost 16 % , and are now down to 2 % as their aging population spends its savings in retirement .
They have had no new job creation for 20 years , and nominal GDP is where it was 17 years ago .
As bad as our problems are here in the US , their bubble was far more massive .
Values of commercial property fell 87 % !
Their stock market is still down 70 % .
They had twice as much bank leverage to GDP as the US .
( Think about how bad off we would be if bank lending was twice as large and had even worse defaults and capital shortfalls ! )
And yet , they Muddle Through .
Productivity has kept their standard of living reasonable .
Up until recently their exports were strong .
The trading floors of the world are littered with the bodies of traders who have shorted Japanese government debt in the belief that it simply must implode .
While I believe that it eventually will , if they stay on the path they are on , Japan is a very clear demonstration that things that do n’t make sense can go on longer than we think .
Richard Koo ( chief economist of Nomura Securities , in Tokyo ) argues passionately that Japan had a balance - sheet recession , and that the only way for Japan to fight it was to run massive deficits .
Banks were not lending and businesses were not borrowing , as both groups were trying to repair their balance sheets , which were savaged by the bursting of the bubble .
It is said that at one time the value of the land on which the Emperor ’s Palace sits in Tokyo was worth more than all of California .
Clearly this was a bubble that puts our housing bubble to shame .
So , I understand the point that there are differences between Japan and the US .
But there are also similarities .
We too have had a balance sheet recession , although here it was mostly individuals and financial institutions that have had to retrench and repair their balance sheets .
Japan elected to run large deficits and raise taxes .
As I wrote in the October 16th letter ( http://www.2000wave.com/article.asp?id=mwo101609), “ Savings equal Investments : GDP ( Gross Domestic Product ) is defined as Consumption ( C ) plus Investment ( I ) plus Government Spending ( G ) plus [ Exports ( E ) minus Imports ( I ) ] or : GDP = C + I + G + ( E - I ) I do n’t want to go on at length again , but basically , the literature I quoted suggests that government stimulus and deficits have no long - run positive effect on GDP .
In fact , the work done by Christina Romer , Obama ’s chairman of the Council of Economic Advisors , shows that tax cuts have a three - times - greater positive effect on GDP , and tax increases have the same level of negative effect .
In the equation above , if you increase government spending it will have a positive effect in the short run on GDP , but not in the long run .
In essence , the increase in “ G ” must be made up by savings from consumers and businesses and foreigners .
But “ G ” does not enhance overall productivity .
Government spending may be necessary but it is not especially productive .
You increase productivity when private businesses invest and create jobs and products .
But if government soaks up the investment capital , there is less for private business .
And that is Japanese disease .
You run large deficits , sucking the air out of the room , and you raise taxes , taking the money from productive businesses and reducing the ability of consumers to save .
Then you go for 20 years with little or no economic or job growth .
This is the path we currently seem to be on .
The Japanese experience says that it could last a lot longer than people think before we hit the wall ; because if savings rise in the US , and if banks , instead of lending , put that money on deposit with the Fed , as they are now doing ( in order to repair their balance sheets ) , the US could run large deficits for longer than most observers currently believe .
We will need 15 - 18 million new jobs in the next five years , just to get back to where we were only a few years ago .
Without the creation of whole new industries , that is not going to happen .
Nearly 20 % of Americans are not paying anywhere close to the amount of taxes they paid a few years ago , and at least ten million are now collecting some kind of unemployment benefits or welfare .
Choosing large deficits does not reduce the amount of pain we will experience , it just seemingly reduces it in the short term and creates the potential for a serious economic upheaval when the bond market finally decides to opt for higher rates .
This path is a bad choice , but sadly , in reality it is one we could take .
The Glide Path Option
A glide path is the final path followed by an aircraft as it is landing .
We need to establish a glide path to sustainable deficits ( could we dream of surpluses ? ) .
That is because at some point there will be recognition , either proactively or forced upon us by the bond market , that large deficits are unsustainable in the long term .
If Congress and the president decided to lay out a real ( and credible ) plan to reduce the deficit over time , say 5 - 6 years , to where it was less than nominal GDP , the bond market would ( I think ) behave .
Reducing deficits by $ 150 billion a year through a combination of cuts in growth and spending would get us there in five years .
The problem is that there is real pain associated with this option .
Remember that equation above .
Absent a growing private sector , if you reduce “ G ” ( government spending ) you also reduce GDP in the short run .
You have to take some pain today in order to do that .
But you avoid worse pain down the road : a bubble of massive federal debt that has to be serviced will be very painful when it blows up , as all bubbles do .
The Glide Path Option means that structural unemployment is going to be higher than we like ( which is actually the case with all the options ) .
And the large tax increases that come with this option will by their very nature be a drag on growth ( and cause a double - dip recession in 2011 ) .
We can debate tax increases all we want , but I sadly think we will soon have a VAT tax .
There are no good options .
I just hope that we cut corporate taxes enough when we do create a VAT , that it will make our corporations more competitive , which will be a boost for jobs .
That ’s pretty much it .
This is not a problem we can grow ourselves out of in the next few years .
We have simply dug ourselves into a huge hole .
This is not a normal recession .
There is not a “ V ” ending to this recession .
We are going to have deal with the pain .
It will be the pain of reduced returns on traditional stock market investments , a lower dollar , low returns on bonds , European - like unemployment , lower corporate profits over the long term , and a very slow - growth environment .
But if we choose this path , we will get through it in the fullness of time .
And of course , then we will eventually have to deal with the $ 70 trillion in our off - balance - sheet liabilities in Medicare and Social Security and pensions .
Sigh .
But that ’s for another time .
Philadelphia , Orlando , and Phoenix I really am more optimistic than this letter makes me seem .
But if you ignore reality , then you have no chance to figure out how to make the best of your situation .
It is the efforts of hundreds of millions of individuals trying to make their own lot a little better than will get us back to a robust economy .
Monday I fly to Philadelphia and then the next day to Orlando for two speeches , and then the following week a quick trip to Phoenix , then home to start to plan for Thanksgiving .
I will be in New York the first weekend of December ( the 4th ) for Festivus , a great fundraiser for kids sponsored by Todd Harrison and the team at Minyanville ( http://www.rpfoundation.org/),
Interestingly , they hold it every year at a “ Texas ” barbecue joint .
Look me up if you are there .
Tiffani has been out the last two days of this week .
She is due in seven weeks or less , and her hips are expanding .
The pain is too much right now for her to walk up the stairs to the office , so she is working from home .
The doctor says this is the one time that her pain is not a sign of something bad .
She is being a trooper and not taking any pain meds .
It has been 30 years since I was around a pregnant lady for more than a few hours , and it does bring back some memories .
Watching her grow and change has brought back the sense of awe over how our bodies are designed .
Ryan and Tiffani have decided on the name Lively for my first granddaughter , to add to the two new grandsons this year .
From zero to three grandkids in just six months !
Kind of makes me dizzy .
I really enjoyed my time in South America .
Rio is quite beautiful and I want to go back and spend some time .
Have a great week .
There will be enough good friends and family that I know I will .
And tomorrow night I finally get to go to a Dallas Mavericks game .
We may have a real team this year .
Your always optimistic at the beginning of the season analyst ,
John Mauldin
John@frontlinethoughts.com Copyright 2009 John Mauldin .
All Rights Reserved
If you would like to reproduce any of John Mauldin ’s E - Letters you must include the source of your quote and an email address ( John@FrontlineThoughts.com )
Please write to info@FrontlineThoughts.com and inform us of any reproductions .
Please include where and when the copy will be reproduced .
John Mauldin is the President of Millennium Wave Advisors , LLC ( MWA ) which is an investment advisory firm registered with multiple states .
John Mauldin is a registered representative of Millennium Wave Securities , LLC , ( MWS ) an NASD registered broker - dealer .
MWS is also a Commodity Pool Operator ( CPO ) and a Commodity Trading Advisor ( CTA ) registered with the CFTC , as well as an Introducing Broker ( IB ) .
Millennium Wave Investments is a dba of MWA LLC and MWS LLC .
All material presented herein is believed to be reliable but we cannot attest to its accuracy .
Investment recommendations may change and readers are urged to check with their investment counselors before making any investment decisions .
Opinions expressed in these reports may change without prior notice .
John Mauldin and / or the staffs at Millennium Wave Advisors , LLC may or may not have investments in any funds cited above .
Slide 1 of 7 ,
A great place to start your hunt for vinyl in New York 's East Village is Other Music on East Fourth Street .
You 'll find live performances and special events , and a something - for - everyone approach to its collection .
Other Music is one of several stores that participated in Record Store Day in April , a huge success judging by the line out the door of the small shop .
Chester Higgins / The New York Times
In Case You Were n’t Sure , Here ’s More Evidence All Assets Are Overvalued
Bill Gross , the co-CIO & founder of Pacific Investment Management ( PIMCO ) , has written an energetic indictment against the current false rally .
In his November Investment Outlook he indicates that “ almost all assets appear to be overvalued on a long - term basis . ”
He describes the series of economic bubbles that have been repeatedly inflated and popped writing that , “ the U.S. and most other G - 7 economies have been significantly and artificially influenced by asset price appreciation for decades . ”
He specifically points out that there was not actual wealth creation , but asset appreciation “ as opposed to the production of goods and services . ”
Gross continues , acknowledging that policymakers recognize , “ the virus has infected far too many parts of the economy ’s body , for far too long , to go cold turkey . ”
So , they continue with “ quantitative easing and near - 0 % short - term interest rates ” that result in “ an economy barely above the grass as opposed to buried six feet under . ”
His closing statement really says it all …
“ Rage , rage , against this conclusion if you wish , but the six - month rally in risk assets – while still continuously supported by Fed and Treasury policymakers – is likely at its pinnacle .
Out , out , brief candle . ”
The investment outlook came to our attention via The Pragmatic Capitalist and the full commentary on overvalued assets everywhere is worth a read .
Speaking to CBS News host Katie Couric , former Vice President Al Gore panned climate change skeptics , comparing them to people who believe the world is flat , or those who doubt that NASA ’s Apollo mission actually landed on the moon .
“ The United Nations organized , along with the scientific bodies of the national academies of science and their counterparts , the 3,000 best scientists in the world from all of the fields that are relevant to this issue , ” he explained .
“ Over the last 20 years they have conducted the most exhaustive examination ever on a challenge like this .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ They ’ve issued four reports — they ’ve all been unanimous , and the last one called the evidence unequivocal .
Now , does that mean there are still some people who are gonna have a contrarian view ?
No , of course there will still be some .
But , there are still some people who believe that the moon landing was staged on a movie lot .
You know , a significant percentage as it turns out …
Or that the Earth is flat .
But that does n’t lead public policy makers to take both sides of that into account . ”
The man who many argue to have won the 2000 U.S. presidential election also praised the upcoming global climate summit in Copenhagen .
He said that in order for the summit to be successful in formulating a new set of rules to govern emissions , the U.S. Senate must pass climate legislation .
“ Then we have to get a treaty that yes , can be ratified , ” he said .
However , the hurdles facing both of those potentially landmark documents seem to be growing .
Though Gore said he believes the U.S. Senate will pass climate legislation , it will “ face a stark political reality when it emerges for committee debate on Tuesday : With Democrats deeply divided on the issue , unless some Republican lawmakers risk the backlash for signing on to the legislation , there is almost no hope for passage , ” The Washington Post reported Monday .
Senate Republicans are also taking up for Sen. Jim Inhofe ’s ( R - OK ) boycott of the bill ’s legislative markup in committee : an effort they hope will prevent it from moving on to the body at - large .
ADVERTISEMENT
Additionally , with the Copenhagen meeting mere weeks away , it may be “ physically impossible to finalize all the details of a treaty , ” Yvo de Boer , executive secretary of the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change , told reporters recently .
Instead of expecting a climate treaty to emerge from the summit , he said to look for “ a set of decisions ” that would clarify the complex politics , allowing space for the treaty ’s details to be worked out .
This video is from CBS , broadcast Nov. 2 , 2009 .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from CBS , broadcast Nov. 2 , 2009 .
The Chandlers were travelling from the Seychelles to Tanzania Somali pirates who have kidnapped a British couple have issued a ransom demand of $ 7 m ( £ 4.3 m ) in a call to the BBC .
Paul and Rachel Chandler , aged 59 and 55 , from Tunbridge Wells , Kent , were taken hostage by gunmen in the Indian Ocean in the early hours of 23 October .
They had been travelling to Tanzania from the Seychelles and their yacht was later found in international waters .
The caller said : " If they do not harm us , we will not harm them . "
He added : " We only need a little amount of $ 7 m . "
He said the couple had been captured by " our brothers who patrol the coast " .
Explaining the decision to set the ransom at $ 7 m , the caller said : " Nato operations had a lot of negative impact here .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" They have destroyed a lot of equipment belonging to the poor local fishermen .
" They arrest fishermen and destroy their equipment .
" In defiance to our local administrations , they illegally transfer the fishermen to their own prisons and prisons of other [ foreign ] countries .
" So when you consider the damage and all the people affected we say the amount is not big . "
The BBC's East Africa Correspondent Will Ross said the pirates had held talks for several hours in Harardhere on the Somali coast .
He said they were trying to agree how much money they wanted for the release of the pair .
The couple 's empty yacht was found during counter - piracy operations
He added that in previous cases pirates had begun negotiating with an extremely high figure , and then settled for far less .
Responding to the ransom demand , the couple 's niece , Leah Mickleborough , said : " We had no idea what the figure would be .
We have seen the report on the BBC and we will look into it . "
The Foreign Office also said it was aware of the demand .
A spokesman said : " The government is n't going to make any substantive concessions to hostage - takers , and that includes the payment of ransom . "
Earlier , Somali premier Omar Sharmarke said government officials were trying to explain to the pirates the couple could offer no commercial reward and they only had their boat , the Lynn Rival .
He said the government was doing what it could for the hostages .
In a phone call on Thursday , the couple said they were first moved from their yacht to a container ship , the Kota Wajar , which had also been seized by the pirates .
A man , who identified himself only by his first name , Abdinor , and who claimed to speak for the Somali kidnappers , said the pair spent Thursday night in the coastal town of Harardhere , which is a pirate stronghold .
It is thought the Chandlers were then moved to another ship anchored off the eastern coast of Somalia on Friday .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In many poverty stricken areas , such as the South Pacific islands , there is no access to TV or radio to help communicate warning messages .
Aid agencies must work with communities to find out which methods of communication work for them at the time of an emergency and run simulation exercises to put this into practice .
Often text messages or even sending people out into the streets with megaphones , as was the case with these earthquakes , prove to be most successful .
Who says pornstars have to be size two ?
We 're tired of it — the more the merrier we always say .
From itty bitty to big and beautiful , we love all the sizes that women come in .
And , what 's more , we like to celebrate them all here , because sometimes those small pornstars just can't handle what the larger ladies can .
Do n't let the amateur feel of these videos fool you , there is nothing unprofessional about these women .
. . .
Girls Blowing and become fucked
Man diving deep
Black bitch gets tittfucked
She shows she can do it all too !
Big Woman riding hard
Chunky chick cums for dick
Chunky hot mama
Chubby Cheerleader goes downtown
Big Women plays with big black dick
Chubby girl takes on two studs
Tagged in : amateur , bbw , blowjob , clips , group sex , hardcore , interracial , straight , threesome , top ten , top ten video , video ,
But reports trickle out from regional rescue services throughout the fall :
The western region of Kaluga conducted 21 searches for mushroom hunters , of whom seven were brought to safety , five were found dead and nine were still missing .
Perm reported 11 ; Irkutsk had carried out 35 by late August .
Aleksandr Zmanovsky , who leads a rescue team near Bratsk , said nearly every year someone goes into the wild and is never found  often because of bears , who so thoroughly bury the remains of a body that “ we will never find anything . ”
An older generation knew how to navigate by the angle of the light , he said .
“ If a person just puts on his sneakers and goes into the taiga , or someone drives him there and he does n’t know where he is , then of course he gets lost , ” Mr. Zmanovsky said .
“ I call those people the children of asphalt , those who grew up in the city .
People who grew up in villages , they do n’t get lost . ”
One such case drew a flurry of attention to Nizhnaya Salda , a city of 17,000 in the Urals .
Late in September , a 37 - year - old woman named Irina Fedyno returned home a full 24 days after she had gone out mushroom picking , and more than two weeks after a search - and - rescue effort had been called off .
Ms. Fedyno ’s hair - raising survival story spread as far as the Moscow tabloid Komsomolskaya Pravda , which quoted her description of the forest , where “ from one side , there was shooting  from the other , howling . ”
A local journalist took a skeptical view , writing in The City Herald that Ms. Fedyno “ appeared completely fresh , not emaciated , after her 24 days in the woods . ”
Kseniya Vashchenko , a City Herald journalist , said that “ in our law enforcement organs , there is some basis for believing that she spent the time with , how should I put it , her friend . ”
In an interview , Ms. Fedyno fumed at the rumors that she had “ gone on a bender . ”
Her husband , Alexei Sitnikov , was equally indignant , saying that his wife returned home so smelly that after her ordeal she was ashamed to go to the hospital .
He said that she tore up her blouse to wrap around her wounded feet , adding .
“ it was a nice blouse , too , ” and that when she ran into his arms on her return to him , she was so light that he could have thrown her up to the ceiling .
He said he was overjoyed to have her home .
“ I thought I would never see Irinka again , ” he said .
“ Twenty days .
Nobody can stay alive in the forest that long .
But she survived .
I believed , and I waited , and finally she was home . ”
Description :
A lot of times when we audit network traffic , we are left with huge dumps of PCAP trace files and we just wish we could do something meaningful with it .
Xplico , a recently released tool by Gianluca Costa & Andrea De Franceschi addresses this problem head - on .
Xplico is a Network Forensic Analysis Tool ( NFAT ) released under GNU GPL .
The goal of Xplico is to extract from an Internet traffic capture the applications data contained .
For example , from a pcap file Xplico extracts each email ( POP , IMAP , and SMTP protocols ) , all HTTP contents , each VoIP call ( SIP ) , FTP , TFTP , and so on .
Xplico is n’t a network protocol analyzer .
In this two part video demo of Xplico created by Bricowifi , we will see how to get started with the tool and analyze traffic live or from an offline pcap file .
Bricowifi demonstrates how images , videos , ftp passwords and a host of other things can be retreived from pcap files using Xplico .
I highly recommend watching the 2 videos to sample the powerful capabilities with which Xplico ships .
Also , Bricowifi has created a detailed tutorial on Xplico usage in French here
You can download Xplico from their site here .
I would highly recommend this tool to anyone who is serious about analyzing flows and data in pcap files .
Enjoy !
Testimony of Jon D. Greenlee , Associate Director , Division of Banking Supervision and Regulation on Residential and commercial real estate
[ T ]he condition of the banking system is far from robust .
Two years into a substantial economic downturn , loan quality is poor across many asset classes and , as noted earlier , continues to deteriorate as weakness in housing markets affects the performance of residential mortgages and construction loans .
Higher loan losses are depleting loan loss reserves at many banking organizations , necessitating large new provisions that are producing net losses or low earnings .
In addition , although capital ratios are considerably higher than they were at the start of the crisis for many banking organizations , poor loan quality , subpar earnings , and uncertainty about future conditions raise questions about capital adequacy for some institutions .
Diminished loan demand , more - conservative underwriting standards in the wake of the crisis , recessionary economic conditions , and a focus on working out problem loans have also limited the degree to which banks have added high - quality loans to their portfolios , an essential step to expanding profitable assets and thus restoring earnings performance .
emphasis added
Prices of existing commercial properties have already declined substantially from the peak in 2007 and will likely decline further .
As job losses have accelerated , demand for commercial property has declined and vacancy rates have increased .
The higher vacancy levels and significant decline in the value of existing properties have placed particularly heavy pressure on construction and development projects that do not generate income until after completion .
...
As a result , Federal Reserve examiners are reporting a sharp deterioration in the credit performance of loans in banks ’ portfolios and loans in commercial mortgage - backed securities ( CMBS ) .
At the end of the second quarter of 2009 , approximately $ 3.5 trillion of outstanding debt was associated with CRE , including loans for multifamily housing developments .
Of this , $ 1.7 trillion was held on the books of banks and thrifts , and an additional $ 900 billion represented collateral for CMBS , with other investors holding the remaining balance of $ 900 billion .
Also at the end of the second quarter , about 9 percent of CRE loans in bank portfolios were considered delinquent , almost double the level of a year earlier .
Loan performance problems were the most striking for construction and development loans , especially for those that financed residential development .
More than 16 percent of all construction and development loans were considered delinquent at the end of the second quarter .
Of particular concern , almost $ 500 billion of CRE loans will mature during each of the next few years .
In addition to losses caused by declining property cash flows and deteriorating conditions for construction loans , losses will also be boosted by the depreciating collateral value underlying those maturing loans .
The losses will place continued pressure on banks ' earnings , especially those of smaller regional and community banks that have high concentrations of CRE loans .
The current fundamental weakness in CRE markets is exacerbated by the fact that the CMBS market , which previously had financed about 30 percent of originations and completed construction projects , has remained closed since the start of the crisis .
Delinquencies of mortgages backing CMBS have increased markedly in recent months .
Market participants anticipate these rates will climb higher by the end of this year , driven not only by negative fundamentals but also by borrowers ’ difficulty in rolling over maturing debt .
In addition , the decline in CMBS prices has generated significant stresses on the balance sheets of financial institutions that must mark these securities to market , further limiting their appetite for taking on new CRE exposure .
On Commercial Real Estate ( CRE ) : Higher vacancy rates , sharply lower rents , reduced leverage and much higher cap rates - back in July , Brian called this the " neutron bomb for RE equity " ; destroys CRE investors and banks , but leaves the buildings still standing .
In its attempt to make Windows 7 a success and build a successful chain of retail stores , Microsoft has declared war on one of the most annoying parts of buying a new PC : bloatware .
Bloatware -- known less charitably as crapware -- is trial software which PC manufacturers include with new computers .
To the manufacturers and developers it 's a great deal : the manufacturers get some bonus content while the developers can expose their products to new computer buyers .
However , many users find the programs useless and unwanted ; they usually come with limited functionality until the full edition is bought .
Even worse , the software uses up disk space and , where set to run upon start - up , eats away at memory .
This leaves users having to remove the bloatware , a process which does n't always go smoothly .
Microsoft , which has little or no control over what applications manufacturers put on their machines , also suffers the effects of bloatware .
It makes new computers more sluggish , which many users will blame largely or entirely on Windows itself , even when it 's not a fair assumption .
Signature PCs : A Slimmer Option
To counter this , Microsoft is selling a range of " Microsoft Signature PCs . "
Produced by Acer , Dell , HP , Lenovo and Sony , the machines do n't come with any third - party software .
However , they do include a range of Microsoft products such as Silverlight ( a rival to Adobe 's Flash ) , Bing 3D ( similar to Google Earth ) and Microsoft Security Essentials .
( Source : geeksmack.net )
Microsoft says this is not hypocritical behavior as all of these applications are free of charge and fully functional .
However , it will irk those critics who believe the firm is finding another way to promote its own products and blur the barriers between operating system , applications and hardware .
( Source : crn.com )
Microsoft Begins its Chain of Stores
The PCs will be sold through Microsoft 's website as well as in its new retail stores .
The company is launching two stores in Mission Veijo , California and Scottsdale , Arizona in the next few weeks .
These will serve as trial outlets before the company gradually expands the chain .
It 's notable that Microsoft has opted to stock machines from five different manufacturers .
Had it done an exclusive deal with one company , it could likely have secured very favorable conditions for the cut it took from each sale .
However , doing so would have risked upsetting other manufacturers which would have been particularly unwelcome coming at the same time as the marketing push for Windows 7 .
The often - spoofed , color - coded Homeland Security Advisory System may get an overhaul – moving from five colors to three in a bid to win the public trust .
The nation has been at Yellow , " an elevated significant risk of terrorist attacks " for three years .
International and domestic flights have been at an Orange " high risk of terrorist attacks " for the same period .
A proposal by the Homeland Security Advisory Council , unveiled late Tuesday , recommends removing two of the five colors , with a standard state of affairs being a " guarded " Yellow .
The Green " low risk of terrorist attacks " might get removed altogether , meaning stay prepared for your morning subway commute to turn deadly at any moment .
The Threat Level advisory system was set up in 2002 in the wake of the 2001 terror attacks and has changed 17 times – the last in 2006 .
It has never been lowered to Green " low risk of terrorist attacks " or the Blue " general risk of terrorist attacks . "
" There is currently indifference to the public Homeland Security Advisory System and , at worst , there is a disturbing lack of public confidence in the system , " the council wrote Janet Napolitano , the Homeland Security secretary .
The 19 - member panel 's recommendations are not binding .
Panel membership ranges from Miami Mayor Manny Diaz to Joe Shirley , president of the Navajo Nation .
Some members supported scrapping the color - coded system .
But the group said the public should feel confident in a new three - color rating system because , " for reasons of public credibility , " the scale wo n't be politicized and instead the government " should elevate the threat status only when compelled to do so in the interest of public safety and security . "
That statement comes two weeks after Tom Ridge , the former Homeland Security secretary , wrote in a new book , the Test of Our Times , that former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and former Attorney General John Ashcroft unsuccessfully lobbied him to raise the threat level days before the 2004 elections , in a bid to seal President George W. Bush 's re-election .
" Ashcroft strongly urged an increase in the threat level , and was supported by Rumsfeld , " Ridge writes .
" There was absolutely no support for that position within our department .
None .
I wondered , ' Is this about security or politics ? ' "
The new system , if approved by the agency , would consist solely of Yellow , Orange and Red .
Here are the new meanings :
Yellow = Guarded – " A constant state of vigilance to protect against a terrorist attack . "
= Guarded – " A constant state of vigilance to protect against a terrorist attack . "
Orange = Elevated – " Increased protective measures based on specific threat information regarding a known or suspected terrorist plot . "
= Elevated – " Increased protective measures based on specific threat information regarding a known or suspected terrorist plot . "
Red = High Alert – " Maximum protective measures to protect against an imminent or ongoing terrorist attack . "
Do n't forget to stock up on duct tape .
See Also :
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
The mayor of the Mexican border town of Palomas , Estanislao Garcia , was kidnapped yesterday morning and then found dead yesterday afternoon .
Whether it was the drug cartels or the Mexican army that tortured and shot Garcia , he has become a statistic in the Mexican drug war .
So far in 2009 6.8 people have been murdered each day in the drug siege .
And the 2nd - year mayor has now become one of the 14,000 people killed since Felipe Calderón took office in December 2006 .
Mother Jones contributing writer Charles Bowden visited Palomas while reporting the story of Mexican reporter - on - the - run Emilio Gutiérrez Soto .
Bowden describes the town in our summer issue :
In Palomas , a town that like Ascensión falls within the gravitational pull of the sprawling border city of Ciudad Juárez , the entire police force recently resigned , forcing the police chief to seek shelter in the United States .
The town is dying .
Few people cross from America to shop because of the violence .
There is a gray cast to the children begging in the streets that suggests malnutrition .
Work has fled — the people - smuggling business has moved because of US pressure in the sector and so the town is studded with half - built or abandoned cheap lodgings for migrants heading north .
Also there is an array of narcomansions whose occupants have moved on .
And there are eyes everywhere .
I walk down the dirt streets tailed by pickups with very darkly tinted windows .
The biggest restaurant in town for tourists closes every day at 6 p.m. — get home before dark .
To follow developments in the Mexican drug war , the Juárez region , and the ongoing plight of Emilio Gutiérrez Soto , join the Frontera Google Group maintained by NMSU librarian and border expert Molly Molloy .
I will also be posting updates on Emilio ’s trial here as the preliminary proceedings get underway later this month .
A day has dawned that we never thought we would see : conservative Fox News commentator Glenn Beck ( who recently shocked viewers with his throwing - a- seemingly - live - frog - in - boiling - water gag ) has publicly expressed his admiration for controversial animal - rights group PETA .
All right , so Beck 's strange leap onto PETA 's bandwagon just so happens to give him some ammunition against another of his regular targets , former Vice President Al Gore .
PETA has long held that Gore , whose work on behalf of the environment is well - known and who has apparently become the world 's first " carbon billionaire , " is remiss in failing to promote vegetarianism as an effective means of helping the environment .
( " Gore should have named his movie Sorta - Inconvenient Truths if he did n't want to cover the environmental destruction that his meaty diet causes , " PETA blogger Shawna Flavell wrote earlier this year . )
Odd as it may sound coming from him , Beck says he agrees .
The Fox host explained last week that he's " siding with PETA on this one -- once again asking Al Gore :
If you really want to save the planet , put down the cheeseburgers and pick up the veggie burgers .
Time for soy milk and [ Tofurky ] .
No more delicious chocolate cookies -- how about a nice bean - thing .
That is , if you want to save the planet . "
( Apparently Beck has n't tried the host of delicious and widely available chocolate cookies that are free of animal products , but we digress . )
Oct 7 ( Reuters ) - A powerful typhoon approached Japan ’s main islands on Wednesday , closing car factories and disrupting some refinery shipments .
[ ID :nT292359 ]
Following are details of factory disruption reported so far from Typhoon Melor , which is forecast to make landfall southwest of Tokyo on Thursday .
* Toyota Motor Corp 7203 .T said it would halt operations at its 12 parent company car plants in central Japan for a day on Thursday .
[ ID:nTKF106664 ]
* Suzuki Motor Corp 7269 .T said it would halt operations for a day at six car and bike plants in central Japan on Thursday .
* Nippon Oil Corp 5001.T has halted marine oil product shipments at its Mizushima and Osaka refineries in western Japan on Wednesday afternoon .
* Idemitsu Kosan Co 5019.T has halted marine oil shipments at its Tokuyama and Aichi refineries on Wednesday afternoon .
The overland oil shipments have been also put on hold at the Tokuyama refinery .
* Japan Energy Corp , the nation ’s sixth - biggest oil refiner , said it would halt overland oil shipments from its Mizushima refinery in western Japan during the night hours .
* Nansei Sekiyu KK ’s Nishihara refinery in Okinawa has halted marine oil shipments since Sunday .
The marine shipments are expected to resume from Thursday afternoon .
New Year 's
Day is called that because it begins a new year , and Thanksgiving has that name because it's an occasion for expressing gratitude .
But Equal Pay Day , observed this year on April 24 , is named for something that , we are told , does n't exist — equal pay for men and women .
The National Committee on Pay Equity used the occasion to announce that among full - time workers , women make only 77 cents for every dollar paid to men .
The three leading Democratic presidential candidates have all endorsed legislation to fix the problem .
And the effort got new fuel from a report by the American Association of University Women ( AAUW ) Educational Foundation , which says women are paid less starting with their first jobs out of college , and that the deficit only grows with time .
Pay discrimination , says AAUW , is still " a serious problem for women in the work force . "
In reality , that 's not clear at all .
What we know from an array of evidence , including this report , is that most if not all of the discrepancy can be traced to factors other than sexism .
When it comes to pay equity , we really have come a long way .
On its face , the evidence in the AAUW study looks damning .
" One year out of college , " it says , " women working full - time earn only 80 percent as much as their male colleagues earn .
Ten years after graduation , women fall farther behind , earning only 69 percent as much as men earn . "
But read more , and you learn things that do n't get much notice on Equal Pay Day .
As the report acknowledges , women with college degrees tend to go into fields like education , psychology and the humanities , which typically pay less than the sectors preferred by men , such as engineering , math and business .
They are also more likely than men to work for nonprofit groups and local governments , which do not offer salaries that Alex Rodriguez would envy .
As they get older , many women elect to work less so they can spend time with their children .
A decade after graduation , 39 percent of women are out of the work force or working part time — compared with only 3 percent of men .
When these mothers return to full - time jobs , they naturally earn less than they would have if they had never left .
Even before they have kids , men and women often do different things that may affect earnings .
A year out of college , notes AAUW , women in full - time jobs work an average of 42 hours a week , compared to 45 for men .
Men are also far more likely to work more than 50 hours a week .
Buried in the report is a startling admission : " After accounting for all factors known to affect wages , about one - quarter of the gap remains unexplained and may be attributed to discrimination " ( my emphasis ) .
Another way to put it is that three - quarters of the gap clearly has innocent causes — and that we actually do n't know whether discrimination accounts for the rest .
I asked Harvard economist Claudia Goldin if there is sufficient evidence to conclude that women experience systematic pay discrimination .
" No , " she replied .
There are certainly instances of discrimination , she says , but most of the gap is the result of different choices .
Other hard - to - measure factors , Goldin thinks , largely account for the remaining gap — " probably not all , but most of it . "
The divergent career paths of men and women may reflect a basic unfairness in what 's expected of them .
It could be that a lot of mothers , if they had their way , would rather pursue careers but have to stay home with the kids because their husbands insist .
Or it may be that for one reason or another , many mothers prefer to take on the lion 's share of child - rearing .
In any case , the pay disparity caused by these choices can't be blamed on piggish employers .
June O'Neill , an economist at Baruch College and former director of the Congressional Budget Office , has uncovered something that debunks the discrimination thesis .
Take out the effects of marriage and child - rearing , and the difference between the genders suddenly vanishes .
" For men and women who never marry and never have children , there is no earnings gap , " she said in an interview .
That 's a fact you wo n't hear from AAUW or the Democratic presidential candidates .
The prevailing impulse on Equal Pay Day was to lament how far we are from the goal .
The true revelation , though , is how close .
COPYRIGHT 2007 CREATORS SYNDICATE , INC .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The unemployment rate in the US rose to 10.2 % in October , which was its highest rate since April 1983 , according to figures from the US Labor Department .
It rose from September 's figure of 9.8 % .
The economy lost 190,000 jobs in the month .
Since the recession began in December 2007 , the number of unemployed has risen by 8.2 million , while the jobless rate has risen from 4.9 % .
President Barack Obama described the rise in unemployment as " sobering " .
" I will not rest until all Americans who want work can find work , " he added .
He also said he would be signing legislation to extend unemployment benefit , cut taxes for businesses and extend tax credits for home buyers .
Analysts were also downbeat after the worse - than - expected figures .
" It 's pretty disappointing overall , " said Richard Franulovich at Westpac .
" Job losses are not moderating as quickly as I had hoped despite those earlier indicators on jobs . "
Dollar falls
The figures were particularly poor given Thursday 's news of a fall in initial weekly jobless claims and the data earlier in the week that showed the US economy had grown by 3.5 % between July and September .
The number of unemployed people rose by 558,000 to 15.7 million .
But there was some better news with the revision of September 's figure from a loss of 263,000 jobs to a loss of 219,000 jobs .
The dollar fell against both the euro and the yen following the release of the figures .
Long - term unemployed
The sectors contributing the largest numbers of job losses in October were construction , manufacturing and retail .
It was the 22nd month in a row that the US economy had shed jobs , which is the longest run since records began 70 years ago .
There is concern that rising unemployment could scupper the recovery by restricting consumer spending , which accounts for 70 % of the economy .
The number of people who had been out of work for at least six months rose to a record 5.6 million , accounting for 35.6 % of the jobless total .
Fifteen years ago , a Russian army officer , detecting an incoming missile strike , disobeyed procedure and reported a false alarm .
In so doing he saved the world from possible nuclear catastrophe .
But he did so at the cost of his health and his job .
Both superpowers kept arsenals containing thousands of nuclear warheads targeted on enemy cities .
" Deterrence through the balance of terror " , combined with computerised surveillance and early warning systems , ensured that any attack would be followed immediately by counterattack .
But MAD failed to take into account one dangerous possibility - computer error .
On the night of 26 September 1983 , Stanislav Petrov , a young army software engineer , was on duty at a surveillance centre near Moscow .
Stanislav Petrov today
" The computer showed that the Americans had launched a nuclear strike against us . "
A second alarm followed , then a third .
" I knew the system could be at fault , so I reported this as a false alarm . "
' A big risk '
A Soviet - era surveillance center
Petrov 's decision to disobey procedure was intuitive ; " The thought crossed my mind that maybe someone had really launched a strike against us .
That made it even harder to lift the receiver and say it was just a false alarm . "
" I understood that I was taking a big risk . "
When the computer error was reported , the army began a massive internal inquiry .
But instead of being commended for his courage and quick thinking , Petrov was blamed .
Once a promising , twice - decorated young officer , Petrov took early retirement from the army and later suffered a nervous breakdown .
" I was made the scapegoat .
That was our system , the old Soviet system , in the old Soviet army . "
DIY , At - Home , Natural Hemorrhoid Treatments
While they ca n’t get rid of the underlying problem completely , hemorrhoid home remedies can be used as a way to temporarily relieve irritating hemorrhoid symptoms while you wait to see a doctor .
From slight itchiness to incessant burning , certain hemorrhoid home remedies will help mitigate symptoms – both mild and severe .
However , it ’s important to remember that hemorrhoids rarely go away on their own and can only be eliminated with a doctor - administered treatment , such as the CRH O’Regan Hemorrhoid Banding System .
Some common short - term hemorrhoid home remedies include :
Hemorrhoid Creams .
Topical creams , such as those made by Preparation H and Tucks , can be used to reduce inflammation and numb the area , thus reducing itchiness , pain , and general soreness .
Many stores also carry pre-moistened towelettes with similar medicinal properties .
However , some medicated wipes can also cause more irritation to the area and may not be right for you .
Sitz Bath .
A warm , shallow bath that can provide temporary relief of hemorrhoid symptoms .
Fill up the bathtub with enough water to cover your anal area .
You can also find sitz baths that fit over the toilet seat – available at most drug stores .
Soak for about 15 minutes after every bowel movement .
Apple Cider Vinegar .
Applying unfiltered , unpasteurized apple cider vinegar to the inflamed area is thought to be a natural way to reduce hemorrhoid symptoms .
Simply dip a cotton ball into the vinegar and apply it to the area for two to three minutes .
Vicks Vapor Rub .
Some people report immediate ( though temporary ) symptom relief after applying a small amount of Vicks to the affected area
Cold and Hot Compresses .
More severe hemorrhoid symptoms may require you to apply ice to the anal area for about 10 minutes , several times a day followed by a warm compress for an additional 10 minutes .
Epsom Salts .
The addition of Epsom salts ( magnesium sulfate ) to a sitz bath is a great way to provide temporary relief from hemorrhoids .
Epsom Salts can also be used as a compress applied directly to the inflamed area .
Witch Hazel .
Witch hazel is often promoted as an effective topical treatment for hemorrhoids by natural health advocates .
In fact , it is only effective for relieving some of the discomfort caused by hemorrhoids and not effective in treating the hemorrhoid itself .
Psyllium Husk Treatment .
The natural health movement recommends psyllium husk as an effective treatment for hemorrhoids .
While psyllium can be incorporated into a regular diet to help prevent hemorrhoids , it wo n’t do much to treat them once they have developed .
Aloe Vera .
One of the most popular of these natural hemorrhoid treatments is Aloe Vera which has long been known for its soothing topical application .
Aloe Vera is a popular option for skin irritations and burns in addition to hemorrhoids .
For more information regarding home remedies , talk to a physician in your area .
To get rid of your hemorrhoids once and for all , ask about the pain - free CRH O’Regan banding procedure and get on the path toward the hemorrhoid - free life you deserve .
Aferocious force - nine gale whipped across the low grass and pine - dotted hummocks .
The sky was all deep grey scudding cloud , the rain horizontal and hard .
But in a sodden field , three so - called " harmonious " wind turbines were working flat out and pouring cash into the islanders ' bank accounts .
The huge blades of the 70ft windmills sliced through the rain like giant revolving scythes , their whooshing sound audible as you stood beneath , even through the howling gale .
That the island of Samso is an ideal place to harness the power of the wind seemed blindingly obvious in the midst of this wild storm .
The inhabitants of this Danish isle seized upon wind 's potential as a source of energy and money more than a decade ago .
Since then the Baltic island has become one of the first industrialised places on the planet to qualify as being totally energy self - sufficient .
It is a major propaganda victory for a country that will shortly be hosting the world summit on climate change – in fact , Copenhagen delegates will be flown or ferried out here next month to see Samso for themselves .
The island 's inhabitants are proud of what they have achieved .
" Being part of a project like this gives you a wonderful feeling of being in harmony with nature , " resident Erik Andersen explained .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The 64 - year - old cattle farmer has shares in a wind turbine , solar panels on his roof and runs his tractor on home - grown rape - seed oil .
He feeds the mush that 's left over to his cows .
When all of his alternative energy sources are working , he delights in looking at the electricity meter that offsets his own power against what he has to import .
" On a good day the meter runs backwards , " he said .
One could be forgiven for thinking that Samso's inhabitants are all dyed - in - the - wool muesli- munching Green Party voters , willing to make big personal sacrifices to further the environmental cause .
Yet most of the islanders are ordinary Danish farmers , who started out with a sceptical attitude to green power .
It took one of their own kind to convince them otherwise .
Soren Hermansen , a one - time vegetable farmer is the man behind the island 's energy revolution .
Nowadays he flits between places as diverse as the United States , the Scilly Isles and Tasmania in his new role as global green - energy guru .
The lavatory walls at Samso's Energy Academy , where Mr Hermansen has his office , are covered with cartoons portraying him as a green superman .
One has him mouthing the slogan : " Wife , make me a cape " .
But back in 1997 , Mr Hermansen was a frustrated small farmer trying to earn a few kroner in a market that was becoming dominated by large farming concerns .
Samso was in crisis at the time because one of the island 's main businesses – a slaughterhouse employing 100 workers – had been forced to close down .
" With hindsight , it was the ideal time to start a new project , " Mr Hermansen , 50 , recalled .
" A crisis makes people much more open to new ideas . "
That year , the energy ministry , run by Denmark 's then green - minded socialist government , announced a competition to find out how much renewable energy could be produced in a single district .
The aim was to create an area that was energy self - sufficient .
Boroughs and municipalities were invited to put forward proposals and compete against each other .
An engineer called Ole Johnsson from the mainland town of Aarhus became fascinated by the competition .
He saw Samso as the ideal place to realise the energy self - sufficiency dream .
After studying the island 's annual wind - speed and sunshine - hour records , he calculated how much energy the island could produce from wind turbines and other alternative sources and concluded it was possible to beat conventional sources .
He sent the plan to Copenhagen and it won .
Mr Johnsson persuaded the Samso islanders to form an energy association to start implementing the plan .
Fifty people came to the first meeting , including Mr Hermansen who saw the potential and grabbed it .
Within days , he was out and about on the island , canvassing for people 's support .
" I 'd do things like rent a fruit press and announce plans to press apples in a particular village , " he said .
" We 'd get all the fruit done and then start talking about the project and I had to convince them that it was our future . "
But there were three elements without which the project would probably never have got off the ground .
Firstly , Danish laws oblige the country 's energy suppliers to buy wind energy at prices that are higher than it costs to produce .
Secondly , back in the late 1990s , Samso just happened to be in the parliamentary constituency of Svend Auken , Denmark 's late and hugely popular green - minded Social Democrat energy minister , who made sure that the island got the project .
Thirdly , his government pledged to underwrite bank loans to any Samso resident who opted to take a share in a wind turbine .
" Effectively the banks were giving the islanders loans that were completely watertight , " Mr Hermansen said .
" They knew they could n't lose . "
With half the battle already won by the state , Mr Hermansen then had to persuade people to switch from traditional energy sources .
" It only worked because we got people to swap the usual ' Nimby ' ( not in my back yard ) attitude to wind turbines for an ' Imby ' attitude , " Mr Sorensen said .
" People began to realise that they were doing something unique in the very place where they live .
It was not something that was imposed from above .
It belongs to them . "
The island 's farmers began to realise that they could make money from the straw that was left over after the harvest because it could be baled up and burned in the island 's straw - fired heating plant .
Likewise foresters , working in the island 's woodlands , began using dead trees to manufacture woodchips for furnaces .
" We have just managed to reach our goal of self - sufficiency , " said Mr Hermansen .
" But it would have been difficult to achieve without generous government funding . "
A decade ago , Samso relied heavily on oil imports for heat and power , but now – thanks to its windmills and alternative energy plants – it manages to produce more green - generated power than the amount of " dirty " energy it still has to bring in to run its cars and some of its homes .
Three - quarters of the island 's heating needs are currently met by alternative energy sources such as wind .
The island – 30 miles long and 15 wide – is reputed to be one of the most successful green - energy projects to have got off the ground since environmentalists started raising the alarm about climate change three decades ago .
Samso has 21 wind turbines – 10 on a sandbank off the island 's south coast , half of which are owned by the local council .
The other 11 are dotted all over the island and owned by more than 450 residents - cum - shareholders .
To make their presence as inoffensive to the eye as possible , the turbines are of the " harmonious " – as opposed to the more offensive " gorilla " – type , which means they are all painted the same colour and have a standard height and blade length .
But wind turbines are just the most visible part of the energy revolution .
Samso heats the homes of its 22 villages with power plants that rely on furnaces fired by woodchips and straw .
Banks of man-sized solar panels lie in fields , kept trim by herds of bleating sheep .
One farmer has even developed a special pump to use the warmth supplied by cow 's milk to heat his home .
Another effect of the green - energy boom is that the island 's plumbers and carpenters have now all become experts in energy - saving home conversion and insulation techniques .
Most of Samso's houses are carefully insulated and equipped with double - glazed windows to minimise heat loss .
One of them belongs to Uffe and Else Marie Bach .
Their painstakingly restored 150 - year - old former school house in the Samso village of Torup is heated by a so - called Maas oven , a white - washed brick construction on the ground floor , which Mr Bach , a retired plumber , fires up for two hours every morning with logs he cuts from the woods with a chainsaw .
The heat generated is so intense that the bricks surrounding the oven stay warm for 24 hours and help to heat most of the house .
Hot water is supplied by a pump , powered by electricity from the wind turbine , which sucks in the earth 's natural warmth collected from 1,300 ft of pipe buried underground in a field next to the house .
A decade ago , the Bachs bought € 25,000 worth of shares in one of the island 's wind turbines .
The upshot has been dramatically reduced electricity bills and a € 3,000 dividend payment last year – the profit resulting from the sale of their turbine 's electricity .
" Finally , we are beginning to make a bit of money , " said Mr Bach .
Despite its egalitarian principles , it is the big financial investors in Samso 's energy revolution who have come out on top .
One of them is Jörgen Tranberg , who owns a 250 - acre dairy farm .
With help from the bank , the 55 - year - old farmer invested € 2.5 m in wind turbines .
He paid € 1.2 m for the one on his farm he owns outright and he is half - owner of one of the offshore turbines , too .
He claims that on a good day the windmills alone can earn him € 3,000 .
With figures like that , it 's not surprising that the project has aroused interest from far beyond Denmark 's borders .
Mr Hermansen likes to recount the story of the Egyptian ambassador 's visit .
After taking a tour of the island and examining all its green - energy projects in great detail , his excellency asked how many people lived on Samso .
About 4,000 he was told .
" That 's three city blocks in Cairo ! " he exclaimed .
" Maybe that 's where you should start , " came Mr Hermansen 's sanguine reply .
" Not with the whole of Egypt but by taking one block at a time . "
Susan Greenfield , neuroscientist and head of the Royal Institution , has warned that young people 's brains may be fundamentally altered by internet use .
Dr Aric Sigman has claimed that sites such as Facebook and Bebo could harm people 's health .
He joins Jeremy Paxman and Ben Goldacre , author of Bad Science and the Guardian column of the same name , to discuss Baroness Greenfield 's claims .
The paper , an “ alternative ” news source in the Rocky Mountain state , says that “ Denver is the wild , wild West of the medical marijuana business ” , with new dispensaries in the city opening daily .
DOVER , England ( CNN ) --
As the ferries dock at the Port of Dover after crossing the English Channel , the trucks pull in at a steady rate .
Afghanistan 's opium harvest can be traced right back to some of those trucks .
Afghanistan is the world 's biggest supplier of illegal opium , which is made from the seed pods of poppies .
" The routes are many and varied , the concealments are many and varied , we see body [ concealment ] , we see what you call stuffers and swallowers , internal concealments , " says Steve Coates , deputy director of Britain 's Serious Organized Crime Agency .
" They 're one step ahead of us and we 're desperately trying to get one step ahead of them and I think it 's a long game , " he said .
Coates has spent almost 25 years tracking the heroin pipeline .
But he says the approach over the last few years is more intelligence - led .
" If we seize the powder , the commodity , they very quickly replace it .
The financial flow is much more important .
If you can hit the gangs , the proceeds of crime , you really are affecting them , you 're reaching right into them and actually impacting them , " says Coates .
Watch how the Afghan drug pipeline is difficult to stop »
A new United Nations report confirms the status of the lawless and fertile lands of southern Afghanistan as the world 's biggest supplier of illegal opium , the addictive narcotic that is made from the seed pods of poppies .
The drug is ravaging the young , poor and vulnerable in Afghanistan , and its proceeds are the lifeblood of the Taliban .
It also is spreading on a drug trail that spans the world .
While Western governments have for years debated how to stop the lucrative drug trade in Afghanistan , the business has only grown .
The U.N. report notes that for years , the counternarcotics strategies around the world have failed to have any real effect on addiction or drug trafficking .
In some countries , heroin is 10 times cheaper now than it was 30 years ago .
" We 've been very good in the past at playing cops and robbers , but did [ that ] make a difference ?
No it did n't , " concedes Coates .
The key now , say law enforcement officials , is n't wiping out the poppies , scanning every truck or locking up the small - time dealers , but rather gathering intelligence that follows and then destroys the lucrative money trail .
Britain's Serious Organized Crime Agency says it is now committed to taking a collaborative approach not just with its own national partners , but by working intelligence links through the world .
All About Afghanistan • Heroin • United Nations • The Taliban
Editing Scientists : Science and Policy at the White House
How much do policymakers shape the science that comes out of government agencies ?
In this economy , even the showpiece of the nation 's home builders is in trouble .
Each year at its convention , the National Association of Home Builders highlights " The New American Home , " a high - end model home designed to capture emerging trends in residential building and the shifting lifestyles of Americans .
For its builder , the project is usually a career - boosting -- and profitable -- venture .
This year , the New American Home has unexpectedly become a poster child for the building industry 's money troubles .
The 6,800 - square - foot contemporary home -- located 10 minutes from the Las Vegas Convention Center -- has five bedrooms , eight bathrooms and more than 50 solar panels .
What it does n't have is most of the flooring , landscaping or a finished pool .
Domanico Custom Homes , the small private builder selected for the project , had to halt construction this month after a private investor pulled out .
Now , Domanico says , the home has a " fire sale " price tag of $ 1.8 million , and the company warns that a big loss could put it out of business .
Wanna see what 24.5 million pixels looks like ?
That 's six Dell 30 " displays , each with an individual resolution of 2560 x 1600 .
The game is World of Warcraft and the man crouched in front of the setup is Carrell Killebrew , his name may sound familiar .
Driving all of this is AMD 's next - generation GPU , which will be announced later this month .
I did n't leave out any letters , there 's a single GPU driving all of these panels .
The actual resolution being rendered at is 7680 x 3200 ; WoW got over 80 fps with the details maxed .
This is the successor to the RV770 .
We can't talk specs but at today 's AMD press conference two details are public : 2.15 billion transistors and over 2.5 TFLOPs of performance .
As expected , but nice to know regardless .
The technology being demonstrated here is called Eyefinity and it actually all started in notebooks .
Not Multi-Monitor , but Single Large Surface
DisplayPort is gaining popularity .
It 's a very simple interface and you can expect to see mini-DisplayPort on notebooks and desktops alike in the very near future .
Apple was the first to embrace it but others will follow .
The OEMs asked AMD for six possible outputs for DisplayPort from their notebook GPUs : up to two internally for notebook panels , up to two externally for conncetors on the side of the notebook and up to two for use via a docking station .
In order to fulfill these needs AMD had to build in 6 lanes of DisplayPort outputs into its GPUs , driven by a single display engine .
A single display engine could drive any two outputs , similar to how graphics cards work today .
Eventually someone looked at all of the outputs and realized that without too much effort you could drive six displays off of a single card - you just needed more display engines on the chip .
AMD 's DX11 GPU family does just that .
At the bare minimum , the lowest end AMD DX11 GPU can support up to 3 displays .
At the high end ?
A single GPU will be able to drive up to 6 displays .
AMD 's software makes the displays appear as one .
This will work in Vista , Windows 7 as well as Linux .
The software layer makes it all seamless .
The displays appear independent until you turn on SLS mode ( Single Large Surface ) .
When on , they 'll appear to Windows and its applications as one large , high resolution display .
There 's no multimonitor mess to deal with , it just works .
This is the way to do multi-monitor , both for work and games .
Note the desktop resolution of the 3x2 display setup
I played Dirt 2 , a DX11 title at 7680 x 3200 and saw definitely playable frame rates .
I played Left 4 Dead and the experience was much better .
Obviously this new GPU is powerful , although I would n't expect it to run everything at super high frame rates at 7680 x 3200 .
Left 4 Dead in a 3 monitor configuration , 7680 x 1600
If a game pulls its resolution list from Windows , it 'll work perfectly with Eyefinity .
With six 30 " panels you 're looking at several thousand dollars worth of displays .
That was never the ultimate intention of Eyefinity , despite its overwhelming sweetness .
Instead the idea was to provide gamers ( and others in need of a single , high resolution display ) the ability to piece together a display that offered more resolution and was more immersive than anything on the market today .
The idea is n't to pick up six 30 " displays but perhaps add a third 20 " panel to your existing setup , or buy five $ 150 displays to build the ultimate gaming setup .
Even using 1680 x 1050 displays in a 5x1 arrangement ( ideal for first person shooters apparently , since you get a nice wrap around effect ) still nets you a 8400 x 1050 display .
If you want more vertical real estate , switch over to a 3x2 setup and then you 're at 5040 x 2100 .
That 's more resolution for less than most high end 30 " panels .
Any configuration is supported , you can even group displays together .
So you could turn a set of six displays into a group of 4 and a group of 2 .
It all just seems to work , which is arguably the most impressive part of it all .
AMD has partnered up with at least one display manufacturer to sell displays with thinner bezels and without distracting LEDs on the front :
A render of what the Samsung Eyefinity optimized displays will look like
We can expect brackets and support from more monitor makers in the future .
Building a wall of displays is n't exactly easy .
ON WEDNESDAY October 21st the European Parliament narrowly voted to throw out a resolution expressing concern over media rights in Italy .
Silvio Berlusconi , the country 's prime minister , is also owner of Mediaset , one of Europe 's largest media companies .
But Italy 's press freedom is a cause for concern according to Reporters Without Borders , an industry lobby group .
Italy dropped five places to 49th in its annual world press freedom index , published this week , with only Bulgaria and Romania worst placed among EU countries .
Out of the six annual rankings we consider , including corruption perceptions and economic freedom , in only one , the gender gap , has Italy improved .
AFP
If you believed all the talk from Chrysler about how our tax dollars would help finance its fast - track electric - vehicle future , you 're in for a big disappointment .
Chrysler has disbanded the engineering team that was trying to bring three electric models to market as a rush job , Automotive News reports today .
Chrysler cited its devotion to electric vehicles as one of the key reasons why the Obama administration and Congress needed to give it $ 12.5 billion in bailout money , the News points out .
ALSO ON DRIVE ON : Hopes to restart production of the super - skinny Tango electric car .
The change of heart on electric vehicles has come under Fiat .
At a marathon presentation of Chrysler 's five - year strategy , CEO Sergio Marchionne talked about just about everything on Chrysler 's plate last week except its earlier electric - car plans .
With the group 's disbanding , Chrysler 's electric plans will be melded into Fiat's .
Marchionne is apparently no fan of electric power :
He says electrics will only make up 1 % or 2 % of Fiat sales by 2014 and that he does n't put a lot of faith in the technology until battery developments are pushed forward .
As a result , Chrysler wo n't have an electric car on sale as soon as next year , such as the Dodge Circuit sports car concept it had unveiled .
The change has come so fast that Chrysler 's website has been still featuring pictures of the electric vehicles .
Adds the News :
As late as August , Chrysler took $ 70 million in grants from the U.S. Department of Energy to develop a test fleet of 220 hybrid pickup trucks and minivans , vehicles now scrapped in the sweeping turnaround plan for Chrysler announced this week by Fiat CEO Sergio Marchionne .
Chrysler 's three now - dead electric vehicles , one from each division , Dodge , Jeep and Chrysler .
In front is the Dodge Circuit .
By Ho / Getty Images
In 1988 , I stayed for a week with a married couple , both physicians , who ran what was then recognized as one of the best rural clinics in the state of Maharashtra , India .
Even so , they could not work miracles in a setting in which reaching the clinic itself represented a problem .
While there , one woman died of haemorrhage due to the combination of a complicated labor and delivery and her inability to get to the clinic in time to be saved .
Another was dying of metastatic breast cancer , which had gone undiagnosed for months during her fourth pregnancy .
A couple of years later , attending a maternal mortality conference in Zimbabwe , I visited with a doctor who spoke about the number of women he ’d watched die due to infection , haemorrhage and complications of unsafe abortion .
While I had long worked from a policy perspective on and had passion for these issues , seeing them close - hand had a profound effect on me .
I could not fathom why we were not doing more to address these problems ….. except of course for the fact that governments did not make women ’s health a priority and that conservative forces continued to lobby against investments in basic sexual and primary reproductive health care .
Yesterday ( June 17th 2009 ) , 21 years after that first trip to India , the United Nations Human Rights Council adopted a landmark resolution recognizing maternal death and illness as a pressing human rights concern .
Over 70 UN member states co-sponsored this resolution , led by Colombia and New Zealand .
The US was a co-sponsor from “ almost the start of this , ” according to one advocate , “ participating in the discussions quite constructively . ”
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
By passing this resolution , according to a statement released by a coalition of advocacy organizations involved ;
governments express grave concern for the unacceptably high rates of maternal mortality and morbidity [ throughout the developing world ] , acknowledge that [ maternal health ] is a human rights issue and commit to enhance their efforts at the national and international level to protect the lives of women and girls worldwide .
( The coalition includes Action Canada for Population and Development ( ACPD ) , a human
rights advocacy organisation ; the Center for Reproductive Rights , a
non-governmental legal advocacy organization ; the Sexual Rights
Initiative , a South - North collaborative advocacy project focused on
advancing a full range of sexual rights issues ; and the Youth Coalition
for Sexual and Reproductive Rights , an international network of youth advocates for sexual and reproductive health and rights . )
I want to celebrate and I also want to say “ its about time . ”
Complications of pregnancy and childbirth are now and have for decades been among the leading causes of illness and death among women ages 15 to 49 in many countries in Asia , Africa , and Latin America .
More than 1500 women and girls worldwide die every day from maternal causes according to conservative estimates , totalling roughly 550,000 annually .
Many times that number of women suffers illness and disability associated with these same causes .
While it is difficult to measure pregnancy - related injuries and disabilities , estimates of maternal morbidity vary from 16 million to 50 million annually and include such profoundly disabling conditions as vesico - vaginal fistulae , a condition which , left untreated , many consider as a fate akin to living death .
Add to this deaths among women due to other causes such as AIDS - related illnesses ( women represent 60 percent of those infected with HIV in sub-Saharan Africa for example ) , cervical cancer ( rampant in many parts of the global south ) , and sexual violence ( an epidemic in itself ) , and you can see why sexual and reproductive health concerns loom large in the lives — and deaths — of women worldwide .
The World Health Organization ( WHO ) defines maternal mortality as :
The death of a woman while pregnant or within 42 days of termination of pregnancy ,
irrespective of the duration and site of the pregnancy , from any cause related to or aggravated by the pregnancy or its management but not from accidental or incidental causes .
Leading causes of maternal death are divided into two categories .
“ Direct ” causes include conditions such as pre-eclampsia or eclampsia , obstructed labor ( especially prevalent among adolescent girls whose pelvises are not fully formed ) , and infection and haemorrhage ( which may result from complications of unsafe abortion or unsafe delivery practices ) .
“ Indirect causes ” include conditions ( renal , heart or other conditions ) left untreated and exacerbated by pregnancy .
Complications of unsafe abortion are responsible for at least one - fourth or roughly 75,000 maternal deaths annually worldwide , according to WHO .
Ninety - nine percent of maternal deaths worldwide occur in developing countries where women often cannot control whether , when , and whom they marry ; may be subject to early marriage ; and may be forced to bear children “ too early and too often . ”
These conditions , paired with lack of access to the basic family planning methods needed to delay , space , or limit childbearing , lack of access to safe abortion services , and lack of access to emergency obstetric care in cases of obstructed labor ( just one example ) contribute to the ongoing toll in women ’s lives and health .
Despite one public campaign after another , relatively little progress has been made in reducing maternal illness and death over the past two decades .
“ It has taken fifteen years since the adoption of the International Conference on Population and Development Programme of Action , fourteen since the Fourth World Conference on Women Platform for Action , and nine since the adoption of the Millennium Development Goals – all significant United Nations ’ consensus documents recognising the need to increase efforts promoting the health and rights of women and girls – for the UN ’s main political human rights body to take this important step , ” stated the coalition of groups working at the HRC .
Why has this taken so long , and why have we made so little progress on such a preventable cause of death and illness ?
For one thing , as we see above , it is easier for government reps to go to conferences , write international agreements , get feel - good press coverage and then engage in business as usual than to actually implement policies that make those international agreements into living policy .
And lack of progress on maternal health comes down to one thing :
Few governments have put their money where their proverbial mouths are .
" Globally , governments have failed to meet the commitments made and targets set in these documents , " said the coalition statement .
Lack of investment in primary sexual and reproductive health care ( in the United States and abroad ) is a persistent and pervasive problem compounded by the fact that conservative forces ( again , in the United States and abroad ) have fought tooth and nail since the eighties to create obstacles to the policies and funding needed to save women ’s lives .
The term “ pro-life ” apparently was never meant to apply to the woman dying of obstructed labor , haemorrhage , or infection .
Now , however , states the coalition , through the Human Rights Council resolution :
governments recognise that the elimination of maternal mortality and morbidity requires the effective promotion and protection of women and girls ’ human rights , including their rights to life ; to be equal in dignity ; to education ; to be free to seek , receive and impart information ; to enjoy the benefits of scientific progress ; to freedom from discrimination ; and to enjoy the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health , including sexual and reproductive health .
“ The resolution is critically important , said Sandeep Prasad , of ACPD , in an interview with Rewire , because
first of all , it brings [ maternal mortality and health ] into the realm of human rights and very importantly legitimizes [ the fact ] that the rights of women and girls are violated when they experience maternal deaths injuries or disabilities .
And [ these are ] the governments themselves legitimizing it by saying that this is very clearly a human rights issue .
Second , he notes that bringing the issue into a human rights framework … ” automatically [ obligates ] governments to take steps to ensure these preventable deaths are prevented through the provision of all necessary services . ”
To me , the Council ’s message is clear : governments , whether developing or developed countries , have not done enough to eliminate maternal mortality and morbidity , so how are they going to renew and step up their efforts ?
This problem is a global failure to respect , promote and protect the rights of women and girls .
How are governments going to respond to this call ?
One response is to increase access to basic services , especially among young women .
" Adolescent girls and young women need greater access to information , education , services and resources that will empower them to make decisions about their sexual and reproductive health , including contraceptive use , safe abortion , birth spacing , pre- and post - natal care , and management of pregnancy and childbirth related complications , ” said Neha Sood , Youth Coalition for Sexual and Reproductive Rights ’ member from India .
Sood continued :
This resolution highlights the need for governments to promote and protect women and girls ’ rights to seek and receive such information , education and services and have access to resources .
While the issues of safe abortion , contraception and family planning are not specifically mentioned in the document adopted by the HRC , “ the references to various existing government declarations ( such as ICPD , Beijing ) and to treaties imply these obligations , ” said Prasad .
The ICPD and its reviews are clear on the matter that where abortion is legal it must be safe and accessible .
The resolution clearly implies that renewed attention to ensuring accessibility of safe abortion services , at least where legal , is part of what states have been asked to do and also implies an obligation to minimize recourse to unsafe abortion through a variety of means , including greater access to contraception , access to safe abortion , and so on .
Moreover , he underscores :
The work of the Human Rights Committee , just as an example , is clear :
Where women are forced to risk their lives and health because safe abortion services are not available , governments are in violation of their international treaty obligations .
The adoption of this resolution “ is a groundbreaking step towards ensuring every woman ’s basic human right to a safe and healthy pregnancy and childbirth , ” said Ximena Andion , the International Advocacy Director at the Center for Reproductive Rights .
Governments should heed the call of the Human Rights Council and take urgent action to prevent women from dying needlessly in pregnancy and childbirth .
HRC resolutions are in and of themselves non-binding , according to Prasad , however :
the consensus nature of this resolution signals agreement on the part of governments with the various acknowledgments , requests and calls that the Council makes in it .
Moreover , the resolution reinforces the legally binding obligations that states have already assumed upon themselves as interpreted by treaty - monitoring bodies and long - standing commitments that governments have made .
Ensuring that governments in fact live up to their obligations will now fall to civil society .
“ It is clear , " said Prasad ,
that what governments are currently doing has been inadequate , so the first question for civil society organizations to their government is what steps will [ the government ] be taking to ensure that this Council request and other relevant parts of this resolution are implemented .
In other words , the resolution is only as good as civil society makes it through concerted action , accountability work , and attention to what our own leaders will do to implement it domestically and globally .
The people who did n't like Adam Lambert 's " American Music Awards " performance wo n't have to worry about a repeat performance on " Good Morning America " -- cause that gig is canceled .
Leading a guy around on a leash and kissing another was apparently too much for ABC .
A rep for the show told TV Newser , " Given his controversial live performance on the AMAs we were concerned about airing a similar concert so early in the morning . "
The report also gives no credit to any of the reforms designed to reduce health care spending , from delivery reform to the new excise tax on high - end insurance policies .
You can see this quite clearly in the charts at the end of the report .
At the bottom , each one has a box that says " This does not include the insurer tax . "
Admittedly , most of these savings will take time to materialize and the study , as best as I can tell , is primarily concerned with the immediate future .
Then again , the study does n't appear to give any credit whatsoever to the economies of scale and management that exchanges are expected to bring .
That 's not to say BCBSA 's are baseless .
The argument about a strong mandate , in particular , is one with which many experts ( and this writer ) agree .
Absent a sufficiently strong requirement to buy insurance , premiums could certainly go up faster than they would otherwise , although 50 percent seems awfully high .
In addition , Oliver Wyman says the study does n't take account of medical inflation , which , presumably , would actually cut in the other direction -- i.e. , it would make the figures seem worse .
And , to the credit of Oliver Wyman , the underlying calculations look more sophisticated than what PriceWaterhouseCoopers did for AHIP .
This is the result of actuarial modeling , based on a large data set provided by Blue Cross plans from across the country .
That does n't make it perfect ; even the best models do n't really predict the future .
But Oliver Wyman 's basic method is sound .
Or so the people who follow such things tell me .
If BCBSA had avoided hyperbole and made more honest assumptions , they could have produced a study that was genuinely useful , albeit one that possibly made the case for more aggressive reforms rather than less .
But you have to wonder whether BCBSA really wants to be useful .
Over the last few months , administration and Capitol Hill sources have repeatedly described the Blue Cross plans as among the most outwardly hostile to reform , apparently because they have the most to lose .
The most radical changes in health care reform will come in the highly dysfunctional markets for people buying coverage on their own and for small businesses -- markets that state - based Blue Cross plans happen to dominate .
Posted on ·
Update ( November 28th 2009 ) : Now that Mininova has been forced to lose most of its torrents , I ’ve removed it from the list .
It will be sorely missed and we all mourn its demise
Update ( July 16th 2009 ) : I ’ve updated the command for the new Ubiquity 0.5 Parser ( Version 2 )
Having implemented a Ubiquity command to find the PageRank of a site , I ’m on a roll !
This Ubiquity command allows you to search Mininova , PirateBay , and IsoHunt , opening the results in new tabs .
I have n’t yet found a way to display the results in the preview window itself , but I ’m not sure that would be a huge value add .
The name of the command is torrent - mini - pirate - isohunt .
If you ’re using Firefox ’s ubiquity extension , the notification should have popped up by now – Post any feedback as comments !
Update : Added support for btjunkie as well .
( Natural News )
The FDA has issued a warning about the high overdose risk from the opiate painkillers Darvon and Darvocet , but has stopped short of banning the drugs as the United Kingdom has done .
Darvon and Darvocet contain a mix of an over - the - counter painkiller ( either aspirin or acetaminophen ) and the opiate propoxyphene , also known as dextropropoxyphene .
The new FDA rules will require a tougher boxed warning on all products containing propoxyphene about the particular danger that the drugs pose when taken at higher - than - recommended doses . "
FDA is taking action to reduce the likelihood of such fatal overdoses in the United States while we investigate the safety of propoxyphene more fully , " the agency said .
" In Europe , there is recent evidence that this medication may be more lethal in overdose than other pain medications .
" After the propoxyphene - acetominophen combination marketed in the United Kingdom as co-proxamol was withdrawn from the market in that country , the number of suicides and accidental overdoses from painkillers fell dramatically .
Approximately 295 fewer people committed suicide with co-proxamol and 54 fewer people died from accidents involving the drug over a two - year period , with no corresponding increase in suicides or accidental poisonings using other painkillers .
" Major changes in prescribing after the announcement of the withdrawal of co-proxamol have had a marked beneficial effect on poisoning mortality involving this drug , with little evidence of substitution of suicide method related to increased prescribing of other analgesics , " Oxford University researchers concluded in a recent study .
The FDA 's ruling came in response to a petition by the consumer advocacy group Public Citizen , which had also requested that the drug be phased out of the U.S. market .
Although an FDA advisory panel also voted 14 - 12 in favor of withdrawing the drug , the agency decided only to strengthen warnings on the drug and conduct further research at this time .
Sources for this story include : www.reuters.com
Amid the jobless recovery , some landlords are showering flat - screen TVs , cash , rent cuts and other incentives on tenants to encourage them to renew their apartment leases and thus avoid the expense of filling empty units .
The rise in unemployment has prompted tenants to seek roommates , move home or trade down to cheaper units .
In the third quarter , the national apartment - vacancy rate hit 7.8 % , a 23 - year high , according to Reis Inc. , which tracks vacancies and rents in the top 79 markets .
" Many companies are doing whatever they can to keep units occupied , especially heading into the seasonally slower leasing period , " said Paula Poskon , an analyst with Robert W. Baird & Co .
The trends are taking a toll on the bottom line .
Apartment Investment & Management Co. , which owns and operates roughly 150,000 units nationwide , reported Friday that its funds from operations , a key REIT metric , fell to 19 cents a share from 60 cents a year earlier .
UDR Inc. , which has about 45,000 units on the West Coast and in Washington , D.C. , reported earlier this month that its funds from operations dropped 42 % to 19 cents .
" We do need job growth in order for our business to prosper , " said David Neithercut , chief executive of Equity Residential , the country 's largest apartment REIT by market capitalization .
" I think 2010 will be another year of doing the best we can . "
To the Residents Of Boonsburg ....
Boonsburg
Eggs work like trees trapped in a perpetual fall
HOW TO MAKE A BOONSBURG EGG
Proof the Big Bang is a Boonsburg Egg - FOR EDUCTAIONAL PURPOSES ONLY
How Egyptian Pyramids were Built using Boonsburg Eggs - MacArthur Genious Grant Application
Battlestar Galactica props helping to spread the knowledge of Boonsburg Egg
Plasmapause hides a secret invisible Boonsburg Egg within - only visible when squeezed
Coral Castle Home Movie For - educational purpoSes only - Boonsburg Egg
Alien Spaceships are shape of Boonsburg Eggs becauze that is the most advanced shape
Women helped build Eggyptian pyramids with Boonsburg Eggs !
( Part 2 since rope broke ) - Women helped build Eggyptian pyramids with Boonsburg Eggs !
Boonsburg Egg Resaerch Laboratrory owned by me , eb , The Jersey Genious
Giant Nixie Tube Thing - Boonsburg Egg
Boonsburg Eggs used to build pyarmids - THE PHAROA'S GIANT YOYO !
Twilight Zone TOS Props found on scrap heap by inventor of the Boonsburg Egg
Town Council should consider useing Boonsburg Egg as town map .
Boonsburg Egg - Nixie Tube eb
The Boonsburg Egg
Boonsburg Egg On Hill
Boonsburg Egg Knowledge Written On Back Of Props
Boonsburg Egg the same shape as Egypt Sun Disk
eb and the Boonsburg Egg
eb breaks silence and Shares the Knowledge of Boonsburg Egg
More widsom from eb
The Boonsburg Egg is the key to the future
Boonsburg Eggs harness gravity and power the world
Stonehenge built using Boonsburg Eggs
Wisdom for the world to share
This is the key to perpetual motion
More of my wisdom for you to ponder
1600 lbs. of brick and 350 lbs. of counterweight
The Boonsburg Egg harnesses gravity , you fool .
The Boonsburg Egg will save Boonsburg
Bonsburg Egg on the Facebook
Boonsburg Egg Knowlege on Twiter
And lastly , Mother and I wish to personally Thank Noter Dame Univesity
for buying my magazine collection .
In search of their first win , the Maple Leafs are turning to their third goalie as free - agent off - season acquisition Joey MacDonald gets his first start for Toronto .
The floundering team , winless in five and off to one of worst starts in franchise history , is also planning on a major shakeup at forward by sitting veterans Matt Stajan and Niklas Hagman .
Their spots will be taken by Viktor Stalberg , who is back after missing two games with a suspected concussion , and Tyler Bozak , another call - up from the Marlies who will be making his NHL debut .
Those two U.S. college products impressed together with Christian Hanson on a line dubbed the Frat Pack during training camp .
" Why not ?
It has to be significant change , " said Wilson when asked why he had targeted Stajan and Hagman .
" To sit out guys who play on the fourth line but have given a really good effort makes no sense to me . "
" We have to shake things up .
It ca n't always be like the movie Usual Suspects ; it 's easy to pick on the fourth - line guys .
We need more from everybody and although ( Stajan and Hagman ) have scored some goals , their overall play is n't where we need them to be .
So we 'll give opportunities to younger people , as simple as that . "
Stajan , a healthy scratch last season for a game , was philosophical about his fate .
" It 's a winning business .
And if you do n't win , you 're going to change things up and see if that will give your team a boost , " he said .
Incumbent No. 1 goaltender Vesa Toskala , banged up towards the end of the second period in a 7 - 2 loss at New York on Monday , suffered an unspecified injury .
He was sent by the Leafs to get an MRI Tuesday but Wilson would not offer any further detail other than to say the team does n't expect him to be out long term .
Even if Toskala was n't hurt , Wilson said MacDonald was going to make his Leafs ' debut tonight .
The Leafs also recalled James Reimer from the Marlies on emergency basis to serve as MacDonald 's backup .
" It 's really exciting getting the opportunity , " said MacDonald , who played 49 games with the Islanders last season .
" It 's tough coming into a situation like this but , hey , that 's what goaltending is all about .
If you 're on a winning streak or losing streak , you have to do the best you can . "
The good news for the Leafs is that Phil Kessel , who has been working out with the injured players on the team , participated in a game day skate with a complete lineup for the first time .
It 's one more step toward Toronto getting the sniper in the lineup as he recovers from off - season shoulder surgery .
Kessel is expected back in mid-November .
" You always want to get back early , but you know , you 've got to look at the long run , " he said .
" It gets to you .
I 'm still a couple of week away here but I 'll be back soon enough .
I 'm going to be here for five years , so I want to be healthy all five years I 'm here . "
Although this list has some overlap with a previous one , it concerns feature films alone , and I felt that Listverse needed to have a list like this compiling the first films to achieve things that are commonplace today .
Enjoy , and please comment !
This list is in chronological order , thus it is ordered from 1 – 10 as opposed to the norm .
1 The Story of the Kelly Gang 1906
First : Full - Length Feature Film
This film documents the life of Australian bushranger , Ned Kelly .
It was made for about $ 2,250 and shot entirely in Melbourne , written by John Tait and starring his sister and friend , Elizabeth Kelly and Nicholas Brierley respectively .
The National Film and Sound Archive released a new restored edition made with the remaining 17 minutes of film in 2006 .
2 The World , the Flesh and the Devil 1914
First : Color Feature Film
Very little is known about this English film , made for £ 10,000 .
It uses the Kinemacolor process whereby two color filters are used in taking the negatives and only two in projecting the positives .
The camera resembles the ordinary cinematographic camera except that it runs at twice the speed , taking thirty - two images per second instead of sixteen , and it is fitted with a rotating color filter in addition to the ordinary shutter .
This filter is an aluminum skeleton wheel .
The plot is to do baby swaps and mistaken identities , “ with a few gratuitous thrills and spills thrown in for good measure . ”
It should be noted that this was preceded by a 2 + hour long feature color documentary called “ With our King and Queen through India ” – that is not included here because it is a documentary .
3 The Fall of a Nation 1916
First : Feature Film Sequel
This film is the sequel to the groundbreaking The Birth of a Nation ( 1915 , pictured above ) , and was directed by Thomas Dixon , Jr. , a Ku Klux Klan supporter who wrote the novel on which the first film was based .
The film is about America being unprepared for war against Europe , and although not as bad as the first film , is controversial for its support of the Ku Klux Klan , calling them “ a great , veritable empire of the South , to protect the Southern country . ”
The first is so important for its pioneering use of camera techniques such as close - ups , deep - focus and jump - cuts , and it smashed box office records , grossing a then record $ 10 million .
Although disgraceful , this film holds a 100 % fresh rating on movie review compiling website Rotten Tomatoes , film critic Roger Ebert explains “ ‘ The Birth of a Nation ’ is not a bad film because it argues for evil .
Like Riefenstahl ’s Triumph of the Will , it is a great film that argues for evil .
To understand how it does so is to learn a great deal about film , and even something about evil .
4 El Apostol 1917
First : Animated Feature - Length Film
This is a 1917 Argentine animated cartoon , and also the world ’s first animated feature film .
It was written and directed by Quirino Cristiani , and consisted of a total of 58,000 frames played over the course of 70 minutes ( which would have meant 14 FPS ) .
The film was a satire , with President Hipólito Yrigoyen ascending to the heavens to use Jupiter ’s thunderbolts to cleanse Buenos Aires of immorality and corruption .
The result is a burnt city .
The film is believed to have been well received by audiences at the time .
Despite this , no known copies of the film have survived .
5 Marked Men 1919
First : Remake of a Feature Film ( The Three Godfathers – 1916 )
According to Wikipedia , this is the first ever feature film remake .
It is a Western retelling of the nativity , specifically the story of the Three Wise Men of Orient .
The same director later remade it as 3 Godfathers with John Wayne , and Harry Carey , Jr. Interestingly , Harry Carey , Snr ( pictured above ) starred in the first two films !
6 Wings 1927
First : Best Picture Winner at the Oscars
The 1st Academy Awards in 1929 had an alternative to the Best Picture award ( introduced the following year ) called the Most Outstanding Production award , so one could argue that the first official Best Picture winner was All the King ’s Men , but that would be overly pedantic .
This romantic / WWI epic stars Buddy Rodgers and Richard Arlen as small time townies fighting for the attention of sweetheart Sylvia ( Clara Bow ) , who become best friends after training together .
Presumed dead in action , Arlen ’s character steals a German bi-plane in attempt to get to safety , but is shot down by Rodgers ’ character in attempt to avenge his friends death .
7 The Jazz Singer 1927
First : Feature Film with Audible Dialogue
This is a well - known film starring Al Jolson as the title character Jake Rabinowitz , a man from a devout Jewish family who becomes an entertainer under the alias Jack Robin , to his family ’s dismay .
The process used to show the film was incredibly complex : Each of Jolson ’s musical numbers was mounted on a separate reel with a separate accompanying sound disc .
Even though the film was only eighty - nine minutes long … there were fifteen reels and fifteen discs to manage , and the projectionist had to be able to thread the film and cue up the Vitaphone records very quickly .
The least stumble , hesitation , or human error would result in public and financial humiliation for the company .
8 Gone With the Wind 1937
First : Feature Film to Gross $ 100 m
This , along with Toy Story , is probably the most famous film on the list .
Based on Margaret Mitchell ’s novel of the same name , this romantic epic tells the story of the Civil War and its aftermath on the people of a Georgian town .
It received a then record ten academy awards , and consistently ranks high on lists of America ’s greatest films .
It was the first film to gross 100 million , and when inflation adjusted is the highest grossing film ever .
Marked men
9 Bwana Devil 1952
First : 3 - D Feature Film
This is a film about the construction of the Ugandan Railway in British Africa in 1898 , and the occurrence of man-eating lions devouring the workers .
It was filmed and shown using a Natural Vision 3 - D process , and the film was released by Arch Oboler Productions , after being turned down by 20th Century Fox , Paramount , Columbia and Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer .
The first 3 - D film to be released by a major company was The Man in the Dark ( 1953 ) , distributed by Columbia .
Pictured above is the iconic photograph of the first audience to watch Bwana Devil .
10 Toy Story 1995
First : CGI Feature Film
This film is about a boy ’s toys , which come to life when he ’s not around .
It took 27 animators to make the 114,420 frames of animation that make up the film .
Each character was made out of clay and then computer designed , before being assigned motion controls ( Woody had the most , at 723 , including 212 for his face alone ) .
Every frame took between two and fifteen days to make , and 800,000 machine hours were required to complete the film .
I ’m an all - butter crust kinda gal ; I ’ll exchange flavor for flakiness any day of the year and , like a lot of us , I ’m pretty freaked out by shortening in general .
But , I caved this year .
One too many articles about the best non-lard crusts resulting from that magical blend of both vegetable and butter fats , plus the seal of approval from the America ’s Test Kitchen cookbook ( and as we all know , I ’ll do anything they say ) and there I was , scooping tablespoons of that white stuff from a can .
To compensate for the butter lost , I used some Danish butter , so rich that but ten minutes after the pie went in the oven , the unmistakable scent of buttery brilliance hit the air and we swooned .
I ’m also not one to use recipes for pies , a little sugar , a little flour and spices to taste always seem easier than hoping any cut and dry method will consistently produce the same results .
Yet , the last couple years my apple pies have each been missing a little something so I thought I ’d go back to the structured approach and build out from there again .
Alas , we wo n’t know how this baby turned out until long after we ’re tucked in with night caps and food comas , so I guess we ’ll just have to assume it ’s blissful .
I hope all of your feasts , festivities , and afternoons with friends and families are too .
American Pie Dough for Lattice - Top Pie ( Non-Lattice Directions in Parentheses )
America ’s Test Kitchen Cookbook
According to ATC , this crust has a firmer texture than their basic recipe , making it easier to work with when creating a lattice top for pies .
In parentheses , I am listing their non-lattice top recipe .
3 cups unbleached all - purpose flour ( 2 1/2 cups , non-lattice )
1 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoons sugar
7 tablespoons all - vegetable shortening , chilled ( 8 tablespoons , non-lattice )
10 tablespoons unsalted butter , chilled , cut into 1/4 - inch pieces ( 12 tablespoons , non-lattice )
10 tablespoons ice water ( 6 to 8 tablespoons , non-lattice )
1 . Pulse flour , salt and sugar in a food processor fitted with steel blade until combined .
Add shortening and process until mixture has texture of coarse sand , about 10 seconds .
Scatter butter pieces over flour mixture ; cut butter into flour until mixture is pale yellow and resembles coarse crumbs , with butter bits no larger than small peas , about ten 1 - second pulses .
Turn mixture into medium bowl .
2. Sprinkle 8 tablespoons ice water over mixture .
With blade of rubber spatula , use folding motion to mix .
Press down on dough with broad side of spatula until dough sticks together , adding up to 2 tablespoons more ice water if it will not come together .
Divide dough into two pieces , one slightly larger than the other .
( If possible , weigh pieces .
They should register 16 ounces and 14 ounces . )
Flatten larger piece into a rough 5 - inch square and smaller piece into a 4 - inch disk ; ( If for a non-lattice , double crust pie , these pieces should be even in weight and both round ) wrap separately in plastic and refrigerator at least 1 hour or up to 2 days before rolling .
[ Deb note :
At this point , the book gives painfully elaborate instructions that I am no doubt work flawlessly for creating a lattice - top .
I stuck with my method .
Below is their basic double - crust pie instructions . ]
Apple Pie
Adapted from America ’s Test Kitchen Cookbook
1 1/2 pounds Granny Smith apples ( about 3 medium )
2 pounds McIntosh apples ( about 4 large )
1 tablespoon juice and 1 teaspoon zest from 1 lemon
3/4 cups ( 5.25 ounces ) plus 1 tablespoon sugar
2 tablespoons all - purpose flour
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1/4 teaspoon ground allspice
1 egg white , beaten lightly
1. Adjust oven rack to lowest position and heat rimmed baking sheet and oven to 500 °F .
Remove one piece of dough from refrigerator ( if refrigerated longer than 1 hour , let stand at room temperature until malleable ) .
2 . Roll dough on lightly floured work surface or between two large sheets of plastic wrap to 12 - inch disk .
Transfer dough to pie plate by rolling dough around rolling pin and unrolling over 9 1/2 - inch pie plate or by folding dough in quarters , then placing dough point in center of pie plate and unfolding .
Working around circumference of pie plate , ease dough into pan corners by gently lifting dough edges with one hand while pressing around pan bottom with other hand .
Leave dough that overhangs lip of plate in place ; refrigerate dough - lined pie plate .
3 . Peel , core and cut apples in half , and in half again width - wise ; cut quarters into 1/4 - inch slices and toss with lemon juice and zest .
In a medium bowl , mix 3/ 4 cup sugar , flour , salt and spices .
Toss dry ingredients with apples .
Turn fruit mixture , including juices , into chilled pie shell and mound slightly in center .
4 . Roll out second piece of dough to 12 - inch disk and place over filling .
Trim top and bottom edges to 1/2 - inch beyond pan lip .
Tuck this rim of dough underneath itself so that folded edge is flush with pan lip .
Flute edging or press with fork tines to seal .
Cut four slits on dough top .
If pie dough is very soft , place in freezer for 10 minutes .
Brush egg white onto top of crust and sprinkle evenly with remaining 1 tablespoon sugar .
5 . Place pie on baking sheet and lower oven temperature to 425 °F .
Bake until top crust is golden , about 25 minutes .
Rotate pie and reduce oven temperature to 375 °F ; continue baking until juices bubble and crust is deep golden brown , 30 - 35 minutes longer .
6 . Transfer pie to wire rack ; cool to room temperature , at least 4 hours .
Review :
We all loved this pie .
However , I might for the first time be taking a no- lattice top approach for apple pies in the future .
Shortly after these pictures were taken , the apples fell and it ended up looking a little bird cagey on top .
This has happened before , leading me to think that perhaps in the open - top variety , apples have a chance to lose too much of their moisture .
It was n’t particularly gooey inside , though tasty just the same .
I ’m thinking that peach or cherry pies , with their excessive juiciness , might be better - suited for lattice - tops and Cook ’s Illustrated seems to agree .
Finally , I ’d jack up the spices a bit next time , certainly doubling them [ updated to note : not everyone agrees that it needs more spice so please , just spice to taste ] and cut back on the lemon , which had a very pronounced flavor .
In every other way though , crust included , this recipe is a keeper .
Do More : Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
Print
Email
Monads from Two Perspectives
Just random scribblings .
This is pretty standard stuff , but I worked this out for someone recently , so I ’m typing it out .
Monads For Mathematicians
If you talk to a category theorist and ask for a definition of a monad , it looks something like this ( taken from Wikipedia ) : a monad is a triple consisting of an endofunctor , and natural transformations and , satisfying the following laws :
Enough mumbo-jumbo .
It ’s worth taking a second to think about what that means .
The two natural transformations just give us a single way to treat any of the infinite family of objects ( for any integer ) as just .
We can flatten them , in essence .
If there are too few ‘s , you apply .
If there are too many , you apply .
The monad laws above just guarantee that it does n’t matter at what level ( number of applictaions of the functor ) you work ; you ’ll get the same result .
It ’s definitely time for an example .
Suppose you have a fixed monoid .
Now , in the category , there is a functor , which just takes any set to the cartesian product of itself and the monoid – i.e. , consists of values from the underlying set , plus a “ side value ” from the monoid .
We can also define natural transformations , and where multiplication is taken from the monoid structure .
In other words , if you do n’t give me a side value ( that ’s ) , then I ’ll take the side value to be the identity from the monoid .
If you give me several side values in a given order ( that ’s ) I ’ll multiply them in the monoid to decide what the side value is .
Verifying the monad laws , stated above , is fairly straightforward .
Really , the tricky part is just to understand the meaning of the pieces .
Generally speaking , for a natural transformation , think of as applying the transformation on the left hand side of a tuple .
Then think of as being the specialization of to values of type .
Here ’s what happens :
If , then .
Then .
, then .
Then .
If , then .
Then .
By associativity in the monoid , this is the same as the above , satisfying the first law .
, then .
Then .
By associativity in the monoid , this is the same as the above , satisfying the first law .
If , then and .
Verifying the second monad law is left as an exercise ( just write out what the function composition means , and apply ) .
Monads for Haskell Programmers
In Haskell , of course , we prefer to think of monads differently , in terms of a type constructor and two functions “ return ” and “ ( >>= ) ” , satisfying the following laws :
return a >>= f = f a m >>= return = m ( m >>= f ) >>= g = m >>= ( \x -> f x >>= g )
The “ return ” function takes any value , and wraps it in the monad .
The second operation , often read as “ bind ” , is a little trickier .
It takes one value wrapped in the monad , and function from a plain value of the first type to a second value wrapped in the monad , and produces the second value wrapped in the monad .
Here are a few examples :
Containers can be seen as monads .
In this case , if I have a crate of thingamabobs , and each of those thingamabobs can be unpacked into a crate of whatsits , then I may as well ( by unpacking the thingamabobs as needed ) have a very large crate full of whatsits .
Famously , I /O actions are monads .
If I have an I/ O action that produces a character string , and for any character string , I could get an I/O action that produces a number … then I can string them together into a single interaction producing a number .
( The resulting I / O action will get the character string , compute the second action , and perform it to get the number , all in one go . )
A lot of this corresponds exactly to the mathematical definition above .
The type constructor corresponds with an endofunctor ( in the category of Haskell types ) , and the “ return ” function with the natural transformation .
That is , “ return ” takes a value of any possible type T , and turns it into a value of type M T ( M being our monad type constructor ) .
The idea of a natural transformation is partially captured by polymorphic functions in Haskell .
( Partially because we ’d also need to verify that the tranformation commutes with morphisms in the category ; i.e. , that “ return ( f x ) ” is the same as “ fmap f ( return x ) ” for all values of f and x. )
It turns out that is actually the standard library operation called “ join ” , which is defined in terms of the above , as follows :
join a = a >>= id
In other words , if I have a value of type ( M ( M T ) ) , then I can turn it into a value of type ( M T ) , by grabbing the encapsulated value of type ( M T ) and , well , doing nothing at all with it .
There ’s actually one more piece we ’re missing .
In mathematical language , a functor simultaneously maps objects to other objects in a category , and also morphisms to other morphisms .
So to recover a functor from the Haskell definition of a monad , we also need to decide how to map functions from type X to type Y into other functions from type M X into type M Y .
It turns out we can recover this from the two operations , return and bind , that are standard for monads .
fmap f x = x >>= ( return . f )
In other words , if I have a function , then I can easily obtain a function as follows .
Use the bind operation to grab the encapsulated value , apply the function f to it , and then wrap it back up again with the return operation .
In the other direction , given an appropriate “ fmap ” and “ join ” , the bind operation is easy to implement as well :
a >>= f = join ( fmap f a )
Basically , the idea here is that because M is a functor , a function can be turned into a function .
Then one can just apply the join ( ) operation on the result to obtain the desired result .
The Equivalence Between the Two
It is a little tedious , but not really difficult , to show that these two structures are actually completely equivalent .
In other words , using the definitions and correspondences above , if you have a Haskell monad satisfying the monad laws , then you also have a mathematical monad for the category of Haskell types .
Similarly , if you have a mathematical monad for the category of Haskell types , then you also have a Haskell monad .
In fact , as many people probably noticed , my first example of a monad at the beginning of this article is none other than Haskell ’s Writer monad .
If you have n’t done it before , it ’s really worth doing .
A video showed a mob stopping and kicking her car and blocking her when she tried to escape on foot .
Comments on Brazilian websites pointed out the irony of the hatred directed at Arruda by fellow students in a nation obsessed with physical beauty and said the university 's actions were unfair .
" Pure hypocrisy ... once February and the Carnival comes round everyone will be naked and no one will find it abnormal , " said one comment posted by a reader on the O Globo news website .
The university said it had also suspended a number of students identified by video footage and witness accounts of taking part in the violence .
The university 's legal adviser said Ms Arruda had been expelled for " gestures " and " attitudes " she had manifested rather than because of her short outfits .
He would not give details .
Excessive bonuses have been cited as one of the causes of the downturn City bank bonuses for 2009 will rise by 50 % , a report predicts - a year after a huge financial bail - out .
The Centre for Economics and Business Research ( CEBR ) said payouts would hit £ 6bn , up from £ 4bn in 2008 , because of rising profits and less competition .
However , they would be well below the £ 10.2 bn paid in 2007 , it said , adding fewer people now worked in the City and that early 2009 was poor for the banks .
The recent G20 summit wanted bonuses linked to long - term performance .
' Damaging '
However , the Pittsburgh meeting produced no plan for general caps on the amount banks could pay out - something that some European governments wanted .
And the CEBR 's chief executive , Douglas McWilliams , said measures to cut bonuses would be unlikely to work .
" Any attempt to deal with bonuses is likely to be either unsuccessful or very damaging , unless it addresses the issue of lack of competition which is at the heart of the sharp rise in profitability , " he said .
" Banks ' profits have risen very sharply this year , reflecting a lack of competition in the market .
It is not surprising that the increase in bonuses has matched these higher levels of profitability . "
The organisation had earlier said bonuses would only be £ 4bn .
But the report 's co-author , CEBR economist Benjamin Williamson , said that while bonuses were beginning to bounce back , they would " not reach the levels of 2007 anytime soon " .
He forecast the payouts would be £ 6.7bn in 2010 , £ 7.1bn in 2011 and £ 7.5 bn in 2012 .
Excessive bonuses have been cited as one of the causes of the world economic downturn - with bankers in the UK and beyond accused of taking greater risks driven by potential rewards .
Do you work in the financial sector ?
Do you feel that the bonus culture will change ?
Send us your comments and experiences on the form below .
A selection of your comments may be published , displaying your name and location unless you state otherwise in the box below .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Ross Brawn has praised Rubens Barrichello's contribution at the Brawn team following the confirmation that the Brazilian will leave the squad .
Barrichello , the most experienced driver in F1 history , finished in third place in the standings this year , having scored two wins as Brawn went on to take both titles .
The veteran Brazilian , however , will leave Brawn and join the Williams team in the 2010 season , when he will be partnered by German Nico Hulkenberg .
Team boss Brawn thanked Barrichello for his work at the Brackley - based squad .
" We are very pleased for Rubens that he will be driving in Formula 1 once again next year , " said Brawn .
" Rubens was with our team for four years and we regard him as a highly experienced and talented driver whose contribution to the team over that period was significant .
" 2009 was a very special season for Brawn GP and I am extremely proud of the spirit in which our drivers Rubens and Jenson fought for the Drivers ' Championship .
" Rubens contributed hugely to our success in the Constructors ' Championship with two great victories in Valencia and Monza along with numerous podiums and he was a pleasure to work with .
" We wish Rubens the very best with his new team and thank him for his contribution to Brawn GP this year . "
Eating Mishaps on Film
By Brian Prisco | Guides | November 25 , 2009 |
For those of us blessed to be in the Red , White und Blue , Thanksgiving is upon us — a holiday dedicated to stuffing ourselves retarded with enough food to prevent war in Africa and falling into a triptophan coma in front of televisions blaring football while steadfastly ignoring your loved ones .
My loved ones remain across the continent , nestled in their cozy Pennsyltucky hamlet , and so this year , my intended and I are headed out to the Morongo Casino Thanksgiving Buffet .
In addition to celebrating materialism and gluttony , Morongo Casino is located on an Indian reservation , and so we ’ll be sticking it to the natives worse than a smallpox Snuggie .
By all that is right and just , I will consume an entire pie before the day is through .
Plymouth Rock did n’t land on me , I slathered it in Cool Whip and cranberry sauce and chowed down on that motherfucker .
As a warning to those of you joining me in diabetic comas in the coming week , I offer unto you this baker ’s dozen of acts of cinematic gluttony , overeating , and nausea to appreciate and satiate you between liberal doses of gravy .
Remember , doctors suggest you drink eight glasses a day .
Bon appetit !
13 . Super Size Me — Not So Happy Meal
Throwing common sense to the wind , Morgan Spurlock decides to take McDonald ’s at their word and consume McDonald ’s meals three times a day for a solid month .
If they upsell him on the Super Size , Spurlock goes for it .
After chowing down on a huge greasy meal , Spurlock — overcome with what I like to call The Grimmorse — vomits out of his car into this alley , making him the 17,895,436th person to hork after eating of his sainted clownship ’s victuals .
Over a billion got served .
12 . Groundhog Day — Have Some Cake
Stuck in a endless loop of the same day , realizing his own immortality , weatherman Phil Connors ( Bill Murray ) decides to order one of everything on the menu and stuff his face .
His producer , Rita ( Andie Macdowell ) , stares in disgust as Murray shovels it in .
Chugging from the pitcher is a touch of beauty , but it ’s the moment when he stuffs the entire slab of cake in his mouth , grunting with a thickthroated “ What ? ” at her look of revulsion that sells the scene for me .
Fuck it , if I could eat anything without worrying about repercussion ?
You best watch your ass , buffet .
11 . Se7en — Gluttony
The first of the murders based on the seven deadly sins , the monstrous killer stuffs the massive victim ( Bob Mack ) with canned spaghetti until he ’s ready to burst , and then kicks him in the stomach until he literally ruptures .
It sets the tone for the grungy and disturbing flick from that point on , and while the murders get more graphic in their depiction , there was something even more haunting about the image of that gargantuan fatty sprawled out dead at his kitchen table .
10 . Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory — Violet ’s Feeling Blue
While Wonka lured children to their deaths one by one in his house of horrors , most of the children got off relatively easy : falling in a chocolate river , shrinking , going down a nut chute .
But it was Violet who literally swole to epic proportions , balling up like a Fat Bastardette .
As the Oompa Loompas taunt her with their nightmare rhymes , wheeling her off to be “ juiced ” — assuredly to feed the Loompa larvae once they hatch — we know for certain this child paid dearly for crossing The Wonka .
9. Werner Herzog Eats His Shoe — Pretty Self Explanatory
In this short film , Werner Herzog proves himself a man of his word , and as payment for his bet with Errol Morris , Herzog eats his shoe .
This is a pretty good allegory for all of Herzog ’s career .
8. Animal House — Bluto Gets Lunch
Belushi has several genius moments of excess in Animal House , but there ’s something glorious about watching him pile on plate after plate on his tray — surreptitiously scarfing jell - o and other foods that wo n’t fit — before sitting down at the table with the disgusted frat bastards .
He ’s almost childlike in his innocent ignorance , but then cements the deal with his mashed - potatoed zit imitation .
7. Funny Farm — Lamb Fries
I do n’t really understand what it is about this movie I enjoy , but I think it ’s sort of a watershed for when Chevy Chase descended into the terrible during his career .
But it ’s an unusual rural fish - out - of - water story about fitting in the Yankee hinterlands .
And while Chase makes many faux pas among his neighbors , there ’s something hilarious about watching him scarf down the lamb fries , breaking the record as the waitress chalks his total on the board , before finally learning what lamb fries actually are .
And let ’s face it .
Who has n’t eaten something only to discover its nefarious origins later ?
6. Drop Dead Gorgeous — Tainted Seafood
There are many wonderful moments in this black comedy , but one of my favorites comes during Amber Atkins ’ ( Kirsten Dunst ) advancement through the second wave after all the other contestants suffer illnesses from a tainted buffet .
Fucking beauty queens , man .
Fucking beauty queens .
5 . The Great Outdoors — The Old 96er
You knew John Candy was ending up on this list , dammit .
Surprisingly , Candy did n’t have a lot of big eatin ’ in any of his films , aside from one of my favorite moments from this family flick .
We ’ve all thought about taking on an eating challenge at one time or another .
Chet Ripley starts in on The Old 96er , a 96 oz .
steak — that ’s 6 pounds of pure beef .
Only , it ’s not all beef .
There ’s nothing left on the plate but fat and gristle , but that ’s part of The Old 96er .
The chef grinning and rubbing his cheeks kills me every time .
The Great Outdoors ( 1988 ) - The best home videos are here
4. Cool Hand Luke — Hard - Boiled
Again , I ’d be willing to bet we ’ve all consumed something or another on a bet .
Even something as innocuous as eggs seem easy .
Hell , radio DJs killed a women in a water drinking contest .
With water .
So when tough guys gather in a hellacious chain gang , they ’re gonna be bored .
And so Luke ( Paul Newman ) finds himself trying to down fifty — such a nice round number — fifty fucking hardboiled eggs in an hour .
Watching him stuff those eggs in his mouth and chew and chew and chew is hilarious and horrifying in all the same swoop .
3. Monty Python and the Meaning of Life — Better Get a Bucket
I doubt there ’s anyone who did n’t think Mr. Creosote was making this list .
The gelatinous gourmand stuffing himself until he spews vomit everywhere has practically become the touchstone for gratuitous eating in film .
Particularly the finale when he viscerally explodes from a wafffer - thin mint .
2. Stand by Me — Lardass ’s Revenge
So much awesome happens in Stephen King ’s coming - of - age story about four young boys on a journey to see a dead body .
But for me it ’s all about Gordie LeChance ( Wil Wheaton ) relating the campfire story of Total Barf - o - Rama about a morbidly obese teen dubbed Lard Ass getting vengeance on his town during the blueberry pie eating contest .
To this day , I still have trouble eating blueberry pie .
Or looking at Shriners .
1. Spaceballs — Oh , Not Again
This spoof scene has everything — an awesome cameo , a dance sequence , and a violent eating mishap .
John
Hurt coughs up the special in the space diner — his stomach erupting with an alien critter , who then tapdances his way across the countertop .
It ’s pretty much what I expect my obituary to look like after this weekend .
Editor 's note : Africa has the world 's largest number of HIV infections and AIDS cases .
Across the continent the disease is being battled with public education and antiretroviral drugs .
A new additional strategy is male circumcision .
Several tests show that circumcised men have substantially reduced risks of contracting HIV .
In response , several campaigns have been launched to circumcise men .
GlobalPost has investigated this public health effort in eastern and southern Africa .
The series starts in Kenya in the fishing villages by Lake Victoria and includes a video of a circumcision .
Also , a Kenyan doctor describes his work running a circumcision clinic , health writer Mercedes Sayagues gives her controversial opinion on the issue and a South African doctor describes the circumcision campaign in several southern African countries .
WAKULA BEACH , Lake Victoria , Kenya — Mfangano Island on Lake Victoria , two hours by motorboat from mainland Kenya , is a popular destination spot for honeymooners on safari : a verdant fishing outpost without electricity or running water .
But this remote locale is the epicenter of Kenya ’s AIDS crisis .
And so , besides the honeymooners , this island also attracts NGO - workers armed with pamphlets and condoms and behavior - change slogans .
The residents are used to the visitors .
Samuel Gabari , a 23 - year - old fisherman , answers my questions about his sexual habits as if reciting from a script .
“ I only have one sexual partner , ” he says .
“ And I always use condoms . ”
The truth is more complicated .
Sex here , like anywhere else , is often a mixture of business and pleasure .
Gabari says fishermen can make $ 7 - $ 25 a day , a kingly salary in this region .
He ’s constantly traveling from beach to beach , following the fish , sailing far from his girlfriend .
At each beach there are temptations .
“ You have money , the women do n’t have money , so they fall for you ! ” says Gabari .
“ That is part of the game ! ”
Even though everyone on this island seems to have memorized the catchphrases of AIDS prevention — “ Abstinence , Be faithful , use Condoms ” — those messages have n’t had much impact .
About 21 percent of people on this island are infected with HIV , three times the national rate of 7 percent .
Now NGO - workers are offering fishermen like Gabari a new prevention tool : circumcision .
The link between circumcision and reduced HIV susceptibility has been suspected since the mid-1980s , when AIDS researchers observed that circumcised Kenyan men who engaged with prostitutes were less likely to get infected .
By 2007 , three random clinical trials [ GW1 ] in sub-Saharan Africa showed that circumcision reduced the risk of female - to - male HIV transmission by 50 to 60 percent .
The reason for the lower HIV infection rates for circumcised men is not fully understood .
Some scientists say that the skin around the head of an uncircumcised penis is more porous .
Others say that the moist environment under the foreskin invites bacterial infection , which , combined with poor hygiene , can induce lesions through which the virus can pass .
Other researchers cite the large number of HIV - susceptible immune cells on the foreskin .
In 2007 the World Health Organization ( WHO ) recognized circumcision as a new AIDS prevention measure , opening the floodgates to American funding .
That year , $ 16 million from the U.S. President 's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief ( PEPFAR ) went to circumcision programs in Africa , with $ 26 million in 2008 .
Higher numbers are likely on the way .
Kenya ’s campaign is the most ambitious at an estimated cost of $ 85 million over the next five years .
Already , 50,000 Kenyans have been voluntarily circumcised , most of them fishermen .
Researchers estimate that if we were to launch circumcision campaigns across the continent we could save 2.7 million lives over the next 20 years , or roughly the number of Africans who lose their lives to AIDS every 15 months .
Of course , long before male circumcision became the hot new weapon in the war on AIDS , it was an ancient rite of manhood practiced by many African tribes .
Well over half of African men are circumcised in traditional ways .
Generally performed on boys when they reach puberty , circumcision marks their readiness to take up the duties of men : to defend the village , find a wife and begin sexual activity .
In Kenya , in particular , circumcision is deeply tied up with male identity .
The Luo tribe are the third largest ethnic group in Kenya , estimated to make up 13 percent of the country 's 39 million people .
The Luos do not traditionally circumcise .
In Kenya ’s 2007 presidential election a Luo candidate began gaining strength in the polls , only to have some Kenyan newspapers mock his uncircumcised status , asking :
How can a nation of men be led by a boy ?
These barbs go back to colonial times , when British authorities stoked cultural divisions to sow tribal enmity .
When circumcision was first introduced as a way to reduce HIV infections , the Luo Council of Elders balked .
AIDS activists countered that circumcision was a medical intervention , not a cultural conversion .
Luo parliamentarians joined the pro-circumcision bandwagon , testifying about their own positive experience under the knife .
The tribal elders quickly bowed to political pressure from a community apparently ready to throw off tribal custom and join the modern world .
Along Lake Victoria , fishermen contemplating circumcision say that in addition to the health benefits , questions of manhood were very much on their minds .
Fishermen said that circumcision had made them " perform better , " feel more virile and last longer during sex .
“ Some take drugs to have sex , but I just cut the foreskin , ” said one 30 - year - old fisherman , Julius Soba .
“ Circumcision is my stimulant ! ”
Local mobilizers trying to convert as many as possible to circumcision have n’t dissuaded them from this notion .
More often they defer to existing cultural associations of circumcision with male potency and prowess .
Women also got the message .
A study in 2000 showed that 62 percent of Luo women said they preferred sex with a circumcised man .
This was years before the pro-circumcision message was officially sanctioned .
And since the Luo are uncircumcised , their preference was probably not based on direct experience .
“ The truth is that sex is in the mind , ” said Dishon Gogi , with the Nyanza Reproductive Health Society .
Gogi criss - crosses Lake Victoria in a motorboat he calls the " circumcision boat , " ferrying trained surgeons and supplies to the fishing communities .
“ If a man feels that he is stronger , he is stronger !
If he feels he is a lion , he ’s a lion !
I only ask that they do it safely . ”
Gogi ’s boss , Dr. Kawango Agot , sounded a note of caution .
If circumcision encourages people to have sex with more partners , or riskier sex , she noted , it will negate the benefits of circumcision and speed up the spread of AIDS .
“ That would be a disaster , ” she said .
The genie is already out of the bottle .
“ It is demand driven ! ” says Dishon Gogi .
He shows me the packed schedule of upcoming site visits for his circumcision boat .
“ Wherever we ’re called we ’ll answer .
Like the Bible says , ‘ wherever we ’re called we ’ll go . ’ ”
More GlobalPost dispatches about male circumcision in Africa :
Video of circumcision , a Kenyan doctor gives his personal thoughts about circumcision , a South African doctor talks about the drive in southern African countries , a health specialist gives her controversial opinion about the male circumcision campaign .
Halo 3 : ODST was created in around a year , with a smaller team than past Halo titles , and was originally conceived as an expansion for Halo 3 .
Later , ODST was turned into a full product , with a few additions to try to make it a little more worth it for fans of the series .
Not only does the new title boast a full campaign that features co-op , but the game includes every multiplayer map ever released for Halo 3 , and a few extra for good measure .
Buying the $ 60 release also gets you access to the Halo : Reach beta , when it goes live at some future date .
Finally , there 's also the Firefight mode , which puts players in a number of settings and then throws wave after wave of enemies at them .
Those are a lot of new features to check out , so I invited a friend over , cracked open some beverages , and got ready to take part in what we were sure was going to be an epic experience .
We had played the past Halo games together , spent numerous hours online and in co-op , and were ready for something new .
Around four hours later the credits ran .
" Well , that saved me $ 60 , " my friend told me wearily .
Title Halo 3 : ODST Developer Bungie Publisher Microsoft Price $ 59.99 Shop.ars Platform Xbox 360
What went wrong ?
Does anyone play
Halo to wander around an empty city , searching for items to move the story forward ?
Of course not , but the hub concept is used in Halo 3 : ODST , and while it does n't add to the game , it does give the campaign an extra hour or so .
That 's great , because if players were n't forced to root around the city to find out where to go next or look for audio files that tell a side story , the campaign mode from the game would be around four hours long .
In fact , on normal mode a friend and I beat the game in around four hours , meaning that without the tacked - on hub concept there would have only been around three hours of play time .
Jacking up the difficulty will , of course , add an hour or two , and if you search for all the audio of the side story then that will add another hour , but the actual core of the game — the missions — is incredibly anemic .
If the game were arranged with one mission after the other in the manner of past Halo games , you 'd get something you could beat on your lunch break .
This game was made with a smaller team in under a year , and it shows ; the methods used to stretch the experience are both unsatisfying and obvious .
I 've since gone back to play the game again on Heroic difficulty in single - player , and I can see where the six - hour playthrough times are coming from .
The padding added to get to that point is even more apparent when you do n't have two people exploring the hub , however .
Our advice : play through the game first in single - player , and then move on to co-op .
The game begins with a number of ODST dropping in their pods for a mission ; the scene is very Starship Troopers ( the book , not the movie ) and is exhilarating .
For soldiers with " Orbital Drop " in their name , you may be surprised to learn this is the only time they 'll exhibit this behavior in the campaign .
The story weaves into Halo 2 , but does n't seem very consequential ; although you 'll meet another alien race , they wo n't do much to actively participate in the proceedings .
Due to events outside of your control , your squad has been split up , and it 's your job to search the city of New Mombasa for clues as to what happened .
You do this searching by wandering around and following the waypoints , helpfully provided to you by the city 's AI , and when you find an artifact from your friends ' adventures you get to move back in time and play the adventure directly .
The problem is that it 's just no fun to roam around this desolate city , looking for these clues .
It 's boring , the environments seem bland , and searching for the next item to trigger an actual mission is nothing but filler .
These areas may add an hour or more to the game , but it 's not an hour you 're going to enjoy .
The way the city 's AI interacts with you is nifty , since it changes signs and other background details in the city to help you find your way , but it 's merely window dressing ; it 's yet another cool idea that does n't go anywhere .
The missions themselves are made up of the standard firefights and vehicle sections , but they seemed very linear and , again , way too short .
You 're given two new weapons for this fight , including a machine gun and a pistol that zooms in and has some nice kick to it ( sound familiar ? ) but mostly you 'll be using the ordinance from Halo 3 and killing enemies from Halo 3 , but in some new environments .
As for the music , there is nothing that breaks the atmosphere like randomly placed saxophone solos .
You 're supposed to be in a warzone , and it sounds like the softcore porn they show on Cinemax after midnight .
During one battle we were treated to some of the cheesiest , squeedle - ridden guitar ever heard in a game .
When music is good it adds to the flavor of the game in an almost subconscious way ; this seemed like it was aiming for the satirical in places .
We were told that the game featured interesting things to do and see in co-op mode , but that 's certainly not the case .
In fact , co-op does n't even fit in with the story ; the game makes a point of giving you a sense of loneliness as you track down your team , and then when the actual game kicks in there 's two or more of you .
The co-op aspect of the game is slapped on top of the actual game , and would break the story and cinemas if we took things literally .
You 're basically one person , until you 're suddenly a squad , and then you 're one again .
You never control anyone else in the actual squad of characters : one player is the rookie , and the others are an impossibility .
If you play with three other players it 's even worse .
For a game that was built from the ground up to include co-op , it 's odd that so little thought was given to how it fit into the story and the world .
Having multiple people comb the hub level simply underscores how little there is to do there .
" A large crowd formed " around 11 p.m. in the 2600 block of Elkhart Street , Vanore said .
About 20 to 30 young people were there , he said .
The off - duty officer , whom he declined to name , came out of a nearby residence and tried to control the situation , Vanore said .
At press time , the scientists had tested Deinococcus radiodurans , a bacterium known for its radiation tolerance , Xanthoria elegans , a lichen that thrives in Antarctica and low - oxygen conditions , and Bacillus subtilis , a comparatively ordinary bacteria found in soil around the planet .
" I was astonished that organized , symbiotic communities such as lichens [ which consist of fungi and photosynthetic algae or bacteria ] can survive , " de Vera says .
After 22 days , 80 to 90 percent of the lichens were not only alive but active — it seems that complex life - giving processes can happen off - planet .
For one thing , de Vera says , " this is the first evidence that organisms might conduct photosynthesis on Mars . "
Next he plans to investigate whether methane - producing bacteria , which could account for Mars 's methane clouds , can make it on the planet .
( Updates with details , background )
NEW YORK , Nov 25 ( Reuters ) - The U.S. Mint said on Wednesday it will suspend sales of the popular American Eagle 1 - ounce bullion coins as rising demand depleted its inventory .
" The United States Mint has depleted its current inventory of 2009 American Eagle 1 - ounce gold bullion coins due to the continued strong demand for this product , " the Mint told its authorized dealers in a memorandum on Wednesday .
November sales to date were at 124,000 ounces , higher than the 115,500 ounces sold in each month of September and October , the Mint said .
The Mint said it expects to resume sales in early December .
Increasing worries about inflation , a falling U.S. dollar and geopolitical tensions are prompting individual investors to take physical possession of gold coins and other bullion products due to the metal 's appeal as a safe haven in financial and political crises .
Gold XAU= hit a record high at just under $ 1,190 an ounce on Wednesday due to a broadly lower dollar and renewed interest from central banks .
Year to date , the metal has risen more than 35 percent . [ GOL / ]
Last year , the Mint had also briefly suspended sales of its American Eagle gold and silver coins due to high demand and a lack of coin blanks .
Here 's the pitch : a 10 - inch , almost - pocketable computer running Snow Leopard , the latest , greatest version of OS X .
It costs just $ 300 .
Sound good ?
Here 's how to make your own .
Advertisement
Why You Should Do This
Last time we threw together a guide like this , things were different .
Snow Leopard was but a glint in Steve Jobs ' eye , and in terms of hardware , the Mini 9 was the best thing going — it was pretty much the only netbook you could guarantee would work perfectly .
Not to mention the hackintosh process was much , much more complicated .
And riskier !
And yet , despite all this , it was easy to recommend loading a Mini up with OS X , because to put it bluntly , the results were fantastic .
Advertisement
But the Mini 9 was a bit too small for regular use , and even if it 's still pretty easy to buy one , it 's not officially part of Dell 's product line anymore .
Fast forward to now : the Mini 10 v is a ( quite similar ) replacement for the 9 , with a slightly larger screen , 160GB HDD standard , and 1GB or RAM .
Most importantly , the keyboard is a bit larger , and the price is wonderfully low : $ 300 for a netbook that 's completely ready for hackintoshing .
Or to put it another way , the 10v is a $ 300 Apple netbook .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
And it is n't just the hardware that 's changed , it 's the software .
Snow Leopard is fast — faster than 10.5 — and its new interface features , like Dock Expose , make using OS X on a netbook even easier .
Finder is faster , Quicktime has a new interface .
It 's a pretty big upgrade from Leopard , is what I 'm trying to say .
And installation tools have grown up too .
Netbook hackintoshing used to be an all - day process , with external optical drives , Terminal commands , and numerous terrifying driver tweaks .
Today , there are simple software utilities to take care of all this for you .
So let 's recap : Since 2008 , the hardware has gotten cheaper and better , OS X more mature , and the installation process much simpler .
Oh yeah , and Snow Leopard retail costs $ 30 .
( Though strict moralists should note that this is intended to be an upgrade . )
There 's never been a better time to hackintosh — not by a long shot .
Advertisement
That said , one thing has n't changed .
TERMINAL > SUDO REWRITE DISCLAIMER :
Even though we 're using a standard retail - purchased copy of OS X , the disclaimer : Apple does not like Hackintoshing .
It violates the OS X EULA , and probably wo n't make the Dell folks too happy either , should you need to return your hacked Mini 9 for service .
So , as always , proceed at your own risk .
Advertisement
And of course , this tutorial messes with some pretty core components of your netbook , which means there 's a real , if small , risk of brickage .
Proceed at your own risk , again .
Anyway .
Advertisement
What You 'll Need
• Dell Mini 10 v .
The stock version , at $ 300 , works perfectly .
[ Note : I 'm getting a lot of questions about this , so just to be clear :
This has to be a 10 v , not a regular Mini 10 .
Lots of netbooks can be hackintoshed , but the Mini 10 has an incompatible graphics card / chipset .
Sorry ! ]
Advertisement
• BIOS version lower than A06 ( A05 , A04 , A03 all work fine ) UPDATE : A06 works fine with the latest version of netbookmaker , so you can skip the next step .
Advertisement
Downgrade instructions are available here , though they require a Windows PC for creating a bootable DOS flash drive .
There are a lot of scary acronyms here , but do n't worry — it 's no more than a few minutes of work .
• Retail copy of OS X 10.6 ( NOT an OEM copy that comes with a new Mac ) .
An ISO will do fine here too , but discs are just $ 30 , you cheapskate .
Upgrades to 10.6.1 should be applied after the fact .
Advertisement
Hackintosh Upgrades Without Problems to 10.6.1
If you happened to follow along with my guide to building a Hackintosh with Snow Leopard , start …
Read more
• An 8GB ( or larger ) USB flash drive , the faster the better .
External HDDs will work too .
Advertisement
• A Mac with a working optical drive , for preparing your flash drive
• Netbook BootMaker ( a free Mac application )
Preparing Your Flash Drive
Advertisement
The 10 v does n't have an optical drive , and it's a pain in the ass to have to go find one , burn a new disc , and do things the old - fashioned way .
Installing from a USB flash drive is much , much easier .
So that 's the method we 'll be running with .
1. Insert your flash drive and OS X Retail install disk into your computer
2. Open Disk Utility ( searching in Spotlight is the easiest way to find this )
3 . Select your flash drive from the list on the left .
Make sure to select the drive itself , not any partitions you may have written to it before .
Advertisement
4 . In the right panel , select the " Partition " screen .
Advertisement
5 . From the dropdown menu , select " 1 Partition , " then click " Options " below the partition map .
6. Select " Master Boot Record . "
This will ensure that your Mini 10 v can boot from your flash drive .
Select a name for your partition — does n't really matter what — and apply your changes .
Keep in mind this will delete anything you have on your flash drive right now , so back it up if need be .
Advertisement
7 . Once this is done , move from the " Partition " screen to the " Restore " screen in Disk Utility
8 . For your Restore Source , select ( by dragging ) the OS X install disk from the left panel .
Make sure this is the item called something to the effect of " Mac OS Install DVD , " not " Optiarc DVD " or some other hardware title .
For the destination , drag your newly - prepared partition over .
Click restore .
Advertisement
This will take at least an hour , so go have sandwich or something .
Or even better , skip ahead make sure your Mini 10 v is ready for the install , as outlined in the next section .
Advertisement
Ok , once that slog is done , it 's time to let Netbook BootMaker do its magic .
And let me be clear : it is magic .
What this utility will do is install a special bootloader on your flash drive , which allows your netbook to begin an OS X install .
It also throws in a few driver tweaks , to make sure your 10 v , y'know , work .
Advertisement
9. Running BootMaker is easy — just open the app , select your OS X partition on your newly - minted flash drive , and tell it to GO GO GO .
Aaaaand that 's it !
You 're ready to start hackintoshing .
Installing OS X
First , you 're going to need to do some light prep on your 10v .
10 . Jump into the BIOS , since we 're going to need to check on a few things .
You can do this by restarting the 10v , and hitting F2 as the Dell logo first shows up .
Advertisement
11 . Double - check to see if you have the right BIOS .
As long as it's lower than A06 , you 're fine .
If not , refer back to the " What You 'll Need " section .
12 . With the arrow keys , cycle over to the " Advanced " screen , where you 'll see a list of options .
USB BIOS Legacy support should be enabled , as should Bluetooth .
Advertisement
13 . Now cycle over to the Boot screen .
This is where you tell your 10 v which drive to start from .
During normal use , this will be the hard drive where your OS is installed .
Since we 're installing an OS today , though , you 're going to want to select " USB Storage , " and move it to the top by pressing the F6 key .
Advertisement
14 .
Once you 're done , press F10 to save and exit .
If you 're ready to dive straight into the install , make sure you have your prepped USB drive plugged in and ready to go .
15 . Plug your computer in , if it 's not already .
You do n't want your netbook to die halfway though — this will only lead to sadness .
Advertisement
Next time you boot with your flash drive plugged in , you should see this screen .
Do n't be alarmed by the spinning pinwheel ; just leave it for a few minutes .
Your computer is thinking .
Advertisement
16 . HAHA , BEHOLD !
This screen here , it 's awfully Apple-y !
But you 're not done yet .
Let the install complete , following the regular prompts as you go .
When it asks you where to install OS X , select and clear the entire HDD of your device .
This will delete everything , so make sure you have your stuff backed up .
Update :
To be more specific on the " select and clear " :
The first thing you need to do is format your HHD .
Bring up Disk Utility in the installer select it at the highest level possible .
Go to " Partition " and make it a single Mac OS X Extended ( Journaled ) partition .
Before hitting Apply , go to Options and select GUID Partition Table .
Then hit apply .
Advertisement
After about an hour , you 're done .
Seriously — that 's it .
Your first boot will take longer than normal , and your desktop may freeze for minutes at a time .
Give it some time to figure everything out .
Within about 10 minutes , your desktop should be ready to go .
Advertisement
Odds and Ends
By and large , your install should work out of the box .
Sleep , shutdown / startup , sound , keyboard shortcuts , battery indicators , and anything else you can think of should be present and at attention , barring one glaring flaw : the trackpad .
It 's kinda shitty , and makes dragging - and - dropping nearly impossible .
Here 's what you need to do : UPDATE : As of December , the latest version of netbookmaker includes this driver , so you do n't have to do this .
Advertisement
17 .
Go here , and download the attached trackpad driver .
18 . Open Finder on your 10v , and press CMD + Shift +G ( on this keyboard , that 's Alt + Shift +G. )
In the box that comes up , typed " / Extra " and press enter .
This will bring you to a hidden folder .
Copy the . kext file you 've download into the Mini10vExt folder , making sure to back up the one you 're replacing .
Advertisement
19 .
Run the app in the " Extra " directory called UpdateExtra , which will alert OS X to the new drivers .
Restart your computer .
Advertisement
Now you should be able to click and drag — the cursor should jump when your second finger makes contact .
You should see , as you could before , a panel in the OS X preferences where you can adjust trackpad settings .
Play with them as you like — two finger scrolling is great , and makes the 10 v feel more like a genuine Apple netbook .
The only other issue you 're likely to run into is the occasional too - tall settings screen .
Here 's an obscenely clever virtual screen resolution workaround for that .
Advertisement
So There You Go
Advertisement
You 've got yourself a fully - functioning , beautifully small Snow Leopard netbook , which 'll do 90 % of what a 13 - inch MacBook can , at 70 % the size and about 25 % of the cost .
Mine 's close to perfect :
With an extended battery , I 'm pushing 7 hours of battery life with Wi -Fi , which makes my MacBook pro look like a LOSER .
And tiny extra bit of size over the Mini 9 means the keyboard is just large enough to work on , meaning this thing is n't just a toy — it 's a decent investment .
This from a guy with banana fingers .
Performance is acceptable , meaning you can run regular apps like iTunes , Firefox — and even Photoshop in a bind .
It 's not noticeably slow during normal use , though it 'll choke on higher - res Flash video ( no YouTube HD , but SD works fine ) .
As with any netbook , this pretty much can't be your main machine .
But it 's a brilliant extra portable machine , for toilet browsing , travel , class notes and the like .
Advertisement
Anyway , buckets of thanks to the MyDellMini forums , especially users MechDrew ( site here ) and Bmcclure937 .
Without their guides , I would n't have been able to write this one .
And of course , a hat tip to Adam Pash , who was already elbow - deep in Snow Leopard hackintoshing when we were all still too afraid .
See his fantastic guide to building the build your own desktop hackintosh here .
UPDATE : And I 'd be remiss not to mention Meklort , the main developer of the NetbookInstaller suite , which does most of the heavy lifting here .
— Thanks , Brian !
Advertisement
So that 's about it !
Please add in your experiences in the comments - your feedback is a huge benefit to our Saturday guides .
Good luck with your own Hackintoshing , and have a great weekend !
Click to view
( CNN ) -- North and South Korean naval forces exchanged fire Tuesday in disputed waters , South Korea 's semi-official Yonhap news agency reported .
The two Koreas clashed off their west coast , the first such incident in seven years , Yonhap reported , citing an unnamed South Korean defense official .
" It was n't a close - range battle , " the Navy official said .
" We fired heavily on the North Korean vessel .
" It is our initial assessment that the North Korean boat suffered considerable damage , " said the official who declined to be identified because the information was preliminary .
" No South Korean casualties were immediately reported . "
A senior Obama administration official told CNN that South Korea was downplaying the incident , which does n't appear to be deliberately provocative .
A patrol ship from the Communist North crossed the demarcation line late Tuesday morning , prompting the South 's navy to fire warning shots , the South Korean official told Yonhap .
" The North Koreans then fired back , " the official said .
Another defense official told the news agency that South Korea was not ruling out " the possibility that the clash may have been accidental . "
North and South Korea have been bitterly divided since the 1950 - 53 war between them ended without a peace treaty .
There was , however , an armistice with the U.N. Command establishing the Northern Limit Line ( NLL ) , a demarcation on the Yellow Sea designed to avert clashes at sea .
But the two nations dispute the exact location of the sea border and North Korea does not observe the line .
Clashes have occurred before in the Yellow Sea , especially during crab fishing season , according to the defense news Web site Globalsecurity.org .
Since 2001 , North Korean vessels have crossed the NLL 65 times , though most of these incidents do not turn violent .
The first clash since the Korean War that turned deadly occurred in June 1999 when a North Korean ship was sunk .
And in 2002 , a series of North Korean incursions sparked an exchange that killed four South Korean sailors and wounded nine others .
Nine incursions had been reported this year through September , according to Yonhap .
The naval skirmish comes just days after North Korea pressed for direct talks with the United States , saying the two need to settle their differences before meaningful multilateral nuclear discussions could proceed , state media reported .
The reclusive Communist state pulled out of nuclear talks in April to protest the United Nations ' condemnation over its nuclear test and missile launches .
The communist nation has accused Washington of violating its sovereignty by singling it out and reporting it to the United Nations Security Council .
“ The real war is the war on consciousness .
It ’s very important to always remember that … Mind control is ubiquitous .
It ’s almost a question of who is not mind controlled , as opposed to who is mind controlled .
It ’s just a difference in degree .
The whole question of what is consciousness and how it can be manipulated is one of the most crucial questions of our time . ”
Produced by Michael Tsarion and Blue Fire Film , Architects of Control : Program
One , explores humankind ’s future and the posthuman world .
Will the “ perfect ” human be a dumbed down , regimented inhabitant of a cyber purgatory created by unseen elites ?
Will the children of tomorrow be smiling depressives of a technocratic dystopia ?
Subjects Include : Jim Keith , Mass Control , Mind Control and its History , Radiotronic Weaponry , Psychic Dictatorship , Mass Ritual Killings , The Men in White , Operation Cointelpro , Operation Chaos , Teen Rage , School Shootings , Media Manipulation , Sleeper Assassins , Project Monarch and MK Ultra , Operation Paperclip , Sorcery and Magic , The Cult of Dionysus , People ’s Champions , Astro- Theology , The Anatomy of Thought , Tragedy : Catalyst of Change , Global Awakening , The Myth of Progress , The Global Village , The Inauthentic Life , Drugged , Medicated , and Under Control , The Deconstruction Cycle , The Rise and Fall of Civilizations , The Death of Emotion , The Posthuman World Initiated , 2012 : The Age of Revealing , Civilization : Rise and Fall , Psychic Hygiene , The Sane and the Unsane .
NÁLUNK MINDEN EGYÜTT VAN , AMI A PÉNZÜGYI SIKERHEZ KELL .
Ha még nem foglalkoztál azzal , hogy megtakaritasodból vagyont építs , itt az idő elkezdeni .
Ismered a kereskedés és befektetés világát ?
Fedezd fel , milyen előnyöket érhetsz el velünk !
Paradox , Schmaradox .
Congestion Pricing Works .
We ’re used to seeing bizarre patterns of thinking on the Wall Street Journal ’s editorial pages , but an op - ed in Friday ’s Journal took it to a new level : “ How Traffic Jams Help the Environment . ”
Photo : The Wall Street Journal
Still more bizarrely , the author was New Yorker writer David Owen , promoter of the commonsensical idea that urban density is energy - efficient , hence big cities are green .
For some reason Owen has taken a dislike to congestion pricing , and it has led him to construct an elaborate Rube Goldberg argument to prove that congestion pricing leads to more driving :
If reducing [ congestion ] merely makes life easier for those who drive , then the improved traffic flow can actually increase the environmental damage done by cars , by raising overall traffic volume , encouraging sprawl and long car commutes .
What a lovely paradox … and how ridiculous , as Owen could have discovered by giving London ’s congestion pricing experience ( or Stockholm ’s or Singapore ’s ) more than a cursory glance .
As any student of urban traffic now knows , London ’s cordon pricing scheme cut traffic within the charging zone an average of 15 percent , raised travel speeds 30 percent , and greatly expanded bus ridership and cycle commuting — with little increase in traffic outside the zone or other negative effects .
Nearly seven years on , the reasons are fairly obvious :
Raising the price to drive into the center of London made car commuting less attractive .
The gain in driving speeds attracted some new trips but not so many as to cancel the lost ones .
Bus transit benefited from a virtuous cycle in which improved speeds attracted riders , further reducing traffic and also financing service improvements which attracted still more riders , further reducing traffic , etc .
Ditto for cycling , though here the synergy was via safety in numbers .
All this was intuited back in the day by Transport for London staff , including Jay Walder , who has subsequently become the new MTA chief .
The only uncertainty was the extent to which new car trips attracted by the time savings would undercut the reduction in trips from the congestion charge .
As it happened , some “ induced traffic , ” as Owen might have termed it , did materialize , but at far less than the one - for - one rate he assumed in his article .
Without it , the drop in traffic might have been 20 percent or more .
But the actual equilibrium , a settled 15 percent reduction in cordon traffic , was robust enough to achieve the desired results : faster travel by every mode , greater use of transit , and less VMT ( vehicle miles traveled ) .
Congestion pricing is indeed green .
To trace Owen ’s error , look no further than his hypothesis : “ If reducing [ congestion ] merely makes life easier for those who drive … ”
Emphasis added ; the “ merely ” is quite important .
When the reduction in traffic is caused by a congestion charge , life is not just easier for those who continue driving but more costly as well .
Yes , there ’s a seesaw between price effects and time effects , but setting the congestion price at the right point will rebalance the system toward less driving , without harming the city ’s economy .
What ’s that right price point , then ?
It ’s not quite rocket science to figure it out , though it does take some thinking ( not to mention continual tinkering if exogenous reductions in road capacity erode the original congestion benefits , as TfL reported recently ) .
It ’s a subject Ted Kheel and I have in fact been thinking about for quite a while now , and if you would like to do some thinking about it too , start with our Balanced Transportation Analyzer and contact us with questions or criticisms ( email : kea AT igc.org ) .
In his piece , Owen linked former Londoner and current MTA honcho Walder with the idea of congestion pricing .
One ca n’t help wondering whether he or the Journal intended it as a pre-emptive strike against a possible renewed push for congestion pricing in New York City .
Whatever the motivation , it ’s disappointing to see a writer who has rightly urged Americans to “ live closer ” peddling the defeatist — and false — notion that the price of urban virtue is eternal gridlock .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement By Michelle Fleury
Business reporter , BBC News , New York
The US economist widely credited with having predicted the financial crisis has warned we are already " planting the seeds of the next crisis " .
Nouriel Roubini told the BBC that he is concerned about the growing gap between the " bubbly and frothy " stock markets and the real economy .
Over the last six months , the Dow Jones Industrial Average has risen about 45 % .
But Mr Roubini says he sees an economy where consumers are " shopped out " and " debt burdened " .
' Crisis not over '
Based on the run up in share prices in recent months , investors appear to be betting that good times are around the corner .
A view not shared by Mr Roubini .
" The crisis is not yet over , " the New York University professor said .
I think that there is a growing gap between what is the asset prices and the real economy
Nouriel Roubini
" I see an economy where the consumers are shopped out , debt burdened , they have to cut back consumption and save more .
" The financial system is damaged ... and for the corporate sector I do n't see a lot of capital spending because there is a glut of capacity . "
Mr Roubini believes US house prices have further to fall , straining America 's fragile recovery .
' Frothy markets '
Property prices have already declined sharply .
According to the National Association of Realtors , the national median has dropped almost 13 % from a year ago to $ 177,700 ( £ 110,100 ) .
Many believe the crises in the residential market could spread to the commercial real estate market causing more headaches for the banks .
So where does the " froth " in the markets come from ?
Mr Roubini - like many other economists - believes it is engineered by the Federal Reserve and the government which has been pumping cash into the economy to dampen the pain of the recession .
" There is a wall of liquidity chasing assets , " he said .
" But I think that there is a growing gap between what is the asset prices and the real economy . "
Although he thinks there will be a correction , he believes some of the mistakes of the past can be avoided if reforms are implemented .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Site is temporarily unavailable .
Scheduled maintenance is currently in progress .
We apologize for any inconvenience .
— info@kupipoceni.si
You can make a robotic car , and you can make a robotic car -- and it looks like Stanford is leading the charge on the no compromises approach with its new driverless Audi TTS .
That , of course , is only the latest in a long line of robotic cars from the folks at Stanford , and it looks like it's also by far their most ambitious , as it's going above and beyond the usual DARPA challenges in the hope of breaking a few records and winning a few races .
In fact , the car apparently already holds the " unofficial " speed record for an automous car at 130 miles per hour and , in the long term , Stanford hopes that it 'll be able to complete the Pikes Peak International Hill Climb , which stretches some twenty kilometers and includes no less than 156 turns .
To balance all that adreneline , the Volkswagen Automotive Innovation Laboratory at Stanford has also developed a new VW Passat " valet system " that may not win any races , but can sure do some mean parallel parking .
Videos of both after the break , more details a few hands - off impressions courtesy of BotJunkie at the links below .
Read - BotJunkie , " Stanford 's New Robotic Audi TTS Knows How To Drift , Will Tackle Pikes Peak Next Year " Read - BotJunkie , " VAIL Demonstrates Autonomous Valet Parking System "
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Hassan Nemazee , a fund - raiser for Barack Obama , Hillary Clinton and other Democrats , has been indicted for defrauding Bank of America , HSBC and Citigroup Inc out of more than $ 290 million in loan proceeds , U.S. prosecutors said on Monday .
Investment banker Hassan Nemazee sits in his living room before a fundraiser with U.S. Senator Hilary Clinton ( D - NY ) to support Democratic presidential candidate and U. S. Senator Barack Obama ( D - IL ) in New York in this September 22 , 2008 file photo .
REUTERS / Joshua Lott / Files
The announcement follows last month ’s indictment of Nemazee , head of a private equity firm and an Iranian American Political Action Committee board member , on one count of defrauding Citigroup ’s Citibank .
The new indictment adds allegations that he defrauded two other banks , Bank of America and HSBC Bank USA , in a similar fashion by falsifying documents and signatures to purportedly show he had hundreds of millions worth of collateral .
The office of the U.S. Attorney in Manhattan and the FBI said he used the proceeds of his scheme to make donations to election campaigns of federal , state and local candidates , donations to political action committees and charities .
He bought property in Italy and paid for maintenance on two properties in New York .
His lawyer could not immediately be reached for comment .
As of August 2009 Nemazee owed Bank of America about $ 142 million and owed Citibank about $ 74.9 million , the indictment said .
He drew on a line of credit he fraudulently obtained from HSBC to pay the Citibank loan .
Nemazee , 59 , typically donates more than $ 100,000 annually to Democratic political candidates .
He is listed as one of the top “ bundlers ” of contributions to Obama ’s 2008 presidential campaign , according to OpenSecrets.org , a website run by the Center for Responsive Politics research group .
“ For more than 10 years , Hassan Nemazee projected the illusion of wealth , stealing more than $ 290 million so that he could lead a lavish lifestyle and play the part of heavyweight political fundraiser , ” United States Attorney Preet Bharara in Manhattan said in a statement .
Nemazee was arrested at Newark Liberty International Airport in New Jersey on August 23 as he was checking in for a flight to Italy , according to court papers .
He was released on bail .
If convicted on three counts of bank fraud , Nemazee faces up to 30 years in prison and millions of dollars in fines .
He is also charged with identity theft .
The case is : U.S. v. Nemazee , 09 - mj - 1927 in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York ( Manhattan )
AT&T and Apple are preparing a cheaper iPhone 3GS just in time for the holidays to distract from the popularity of the Motorola Droid , according to sources quoted by a BoyGenius report .
A cheaper version of the iPhone 3GS would come with only 8GB of storage and $ 100 off the original price tag , replacing the current $ 99 8 GB iPhone 3G .
A $ 99 8GB iPhone 3GS would allow Apple to stop manufacturing the current 8 GB iPhone 3G , which on the outside looks the same as the 3GS , but lacks some hardware features of the 3GS such as a speedier processor , more RAM , a digital compass and a better camera ( 3.2 - megapixel ) .
We can't be sure of the success of the $ 99 8 GB iPhone 3G sold alongside the newer 3GS models ever since this summer , but if the $ 99 8 GB iPhone 3GS rumor turns out to be true , then the Verizon Motorola Droid is in for some stiff competition this holiday season .
The Motorola Droid is now on sale for $ 200 ( after $ 100 rebate ) and it already overshadowed the launch of other smartphone offerings from the likes of BlackBerry .
The hype behind the Droid has placed the device as the most worthy iPhone 3GS competitor and it also comes at the same price as the 3GS ( after the typical rebate , of course ) .
However , a $ 99 iPhone 3GS could easily tackle Droid madness and bring the latest Apple technology in the hands of those put off by the Droid 's price .
Credit has to go to the Droid , though , as even in the competition with a ( rumored ) $ 99 8 GB iPhone 3GS , the Droid would have a better camera , free turn - by - turn GPS navigation from Google and 16GB of storage .
A $ 99 iPhone 3GS with 8GB of storage or a Motorola Droid --
Which one would you choose ?
Sound off in the comments .
Follow Daniel on Twitter @danielionescu
Looking at the math , it 's hard to imagine Checketts ' group would have gotten the 24 votes he needed to buy the Rams as long as Limbaugh was involved .
Irsay has already come out against it , and it's hard to imagine New England Patriots owner Bob Kraft and Pittsburgh Steelers owner Dan Rooney voting in favor .
Philadelphia Eagles owner Jeff Lurie probably would n't risk angering Donovan McNabb by voting aye ( it was Limbaugh 's dig at McNabb that probably triggered the firestorm of protest by the players ) .
Jerry Richardson , the owner of my Carolina Panthers , probably would n't risk angering his large black fan base by voting aye .
Ditto for Atlanta Falcons owner Arthur Blank and New Orleans Saints owner Tom Benson .
Faced with this math , Checketts would have had to cut ties with Limbaugh at some point .
I 'm surprised it was this fast .
Update :
My personal read on this -- this gambit by Limbaugh was doomed six years ago , when he made those comments about McNabb .
That , to my mind , explains why so many players came out so soon and said they would n't play for him .
If not for that , he could have blown off some of his other comments as being in the heat of battle .
But thrown in with his dig at the coverage of McNabb , it dragged him like an anchor .
The St. Louis press must still be digesting this -- last I checked , most reports are just regurgitating the ESPN story .
Update # 2 : To clarify -- I seriously doubt Limbaugh would have made the cut , since a lot of his past comments would have resulted in fans crashing owners ' inboxes .
I just think that his dig at McNabb , and the " Bloods and Crips " statement , meant this bid was dead on arrival .
Update # 3 : ESPN's Adam Schefter , who broke the story , just said on Sportscenter that there was already significant behind - the - scenes opposition to any group that included Limbaugh .
Perhaps many of them already privately told Checketts he needed to jettison Limbaugh , and fast .
Update # 4 : It 's confirmed -- according to KSDK in St. Louis , Limbaugh is definitely out .
Checketts said that while Limbaugh would have been only a limited partner with no role in the Rams ' operations , his involvement had become a distraction .
Cover of the October 1920 issue of Popular Science magazine , painted by American illustrator Norman Rockwell .
It depicts an inventor working on a perpetual motion machine .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Generally , scientists prefer to avoid the concept of perpetual motion .
The idea of a machine that could produce movement that goes on forever , and using that movement to generate an endless stream of energy , is usually considered more science fiction than science .
But recently , physicist Pavel Ivanov has investigated previous speculation that an exotic fluid with unusual properties could cause energy to flow continuously between different regions of space , resulting in a runaway transfer of energy .
If an advanced civilization were able to construct a device to capture this energy , it might finally possess its own " perpetuum mobile " -- or perpetual motion .
Ivanov , from both the University of Cambridge and the Lebedev Physical Institute in Moscow , has analyzed this possibility in a study accepted to Physics Letters B .
The idea is that a one - dimensional exotic fluid , whose unique properties such as violating the weak energy condition in particle physics , leads to a scenario in which there is a light cone with regions of negative and positive total energies .
Ivanov has calculated the equations of state which give a continuous energy transfer from the negative regions to the positive regions , resulting in what he calls “ perpetuum mobile of the third kind . ”
However , Ivanov conjectures that theories “ plagued ” by solutions involving continuous energy flows should be discarded as inherently unstable .
The concept of exotic matter - matter that violates certain physical laws - is not new .
Exotic matter is at the basis of many intriguing theoretical possibilities , such as wormholes , time machines , and even so - called cosmological doomsday models of the universe in which the universe ’s energy density continually increases .
Here , Ivanov shows that , in a class of models containing a certain kind of exotic matter , there could be ever - expanding regions of space with positive and negative total energies .
Since the absolute values of the energies in both these regions grow indefinitely with time , the energy of the whole physical system is conserved .
“ In the setting outlined in the paper , the perpetuum motion is a new effect , as far as I am aware of , ” Ivanov told PhysOrg.com .
“ But the number of published papers on exotic matter is quite large , and therefore , there could be some papers on this unknown to me .
“ There are so - called cosmological doomsday solutions where an expanding spatially homogeneous universe filled by an exotic matter evolves in such a way that the density , and accordingly , the energy density , grows with time , ” he explained .
“ The energy density may even grow infinite during a finite period of time - the effect dubbed ‘ the cosmological doomsday . ’
However , the notion of total energy is , in general , rather ambiguous for the universe as a whole , and in any case one should accurately define and use the energy associated with a gravitational field when considering cosmological solutions , so in this case it is not clear ( for me , at least ) whether this situation may be called ' perpetuum motion ' or not .
In my case , the fluid expands in a flat space - time , where the notion of energy is well defined , so one can use standard definitions to classify solutions . ”
In one variant of the model , a region of space filled with exotic matter could have a total energy that decreases indefinitely with time .
This decrease could be due to hydrodynamical effects ( from the moving exotic liquid itself ) , or it could be due to interactions with a conventional physical field carrying positive energy , such as gravitational waves .
In such a case , the gravitational waves would be continually carrying away positive energy from the region , resulting in a runaway energy transfer .
One possible physical model of this activity might be exotic matter concentrated on a one - dimensional line in three dimensional space , so that the one - dimensional motion of the line could produce gravitational waves that carry away positive energy from the system .
As Ivanov explains , this situation resembles the action of a perpetuum mobile of the second kind , where heat is transferred from a colder part to a hotter part of an isolated system .
However , because the situation Ivanov investigates does n’t deal with temperature , he refers to the hypothetical effect as a perpetuum mobile of the third kind .
Ivanov points out that , although it may be technically difficult to construct the runaway process involving the emission of gravitational waves , it may be easier to construct a process with even more exotic “ ghost ” matter , which has a negative energy density .
For example , he considers a model of a rotating relativistic string with two monopoles at its ends emitting weak gravitational waves .
With modifications , this model can be converted to a model of “ ghost ” matter interacting with gravity , with the length of the rotating string ever increasing with time , thus making the total energy of the string - monopoles system ever decreasing .
The positive energy carried away by gravitational waves might be captured by an advanced civilization and put to whatever use they might have for it .
“ I personally think that the emergence of perpetual motion in a theory may pose a difficulty for the theory , since this leads to infinite concentration of energy in some regions of space , which is dangerous , ” Ivanov said .
“ Also , quite subjectively , I dislike the theories operating with fluids violating the weak energy condition ; they contradict to my aesthetic feeling .
Of course , this quite subjective point of view may or may not be correct . ”
More information : Pavel Ivanov .
“ On the dynamics of exotic matter : towards creation of Perpetuum Mobile of the third kind . ”
To be published in Physics Letters B. Available at arxiv.org/abs/0909.0190 .
Copyright 2009 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
Explore further Theoretical Physics : Dark matter and dark energy are different aspects of a single unknown force
The Scofield Bible heralds the coming kingdom of the Jews in which God 's Chosen People shall reign over all the earth .
Scofield was a longtime fraud paid for by the Jews .
By Tim Campbell ( [ email protected ] )
Y ou know the imagery -- millions of Christians around the world have spontaneously disappeared - where did they go ?
Some say aliens , others terrorists .
Now airplanes are plummeting to destruction , trains derailing , cars crashing , nuclear power plants are melting down and dumbfounded people staggering around in confusion looking for their children ...
Who unleashed this insanity on mankind ?
My brother , who is an atheist , and I were watching TBN a while back and happened upon these images from Kirk Cameron 's blockbuster film , Left Behind .
There were no shortages of side - splitting laughs .
The false ideas put forward in most movies and books pertaining to end - times Biblical prophecy appear to most as sheer unadulterated religious stupidity but to the majority of protestant Christians particularly , in America , they are both real and imminent .
Illuminist propaganda concerning the return of Jesus Christ occupies a central part in a vast structure of deception that will govern Christian minds when some Great Tribulation actually does occur .
C.I. Scofield 's Dispensationalism provides the theological framework for the Christian Zionist movement .
Christian Zionism is an important subset of the Christian Dominionist movement , all of which is also being co-opted by Illuminists .
These Christians are the ultimate useful idiots ...
I stagger to communicate what is coming to Christendom in the future .
The expectation of a false rapture event will be brought to a feverish boil through massive disinformation campaigns as general distress increases over the next decade .
This madness will then be satiated through a pseudo - rapture simulation , something that will trigger the mass hysteria .
We see a prototype of this in the particular elements of the Blue Beam project .
This rapture event will be an attempt to bring Christians Dominionists on side for King Zion , Lord Maitreya , or the man of sin .
A global false worship and initiation rite will be used to lock Christians into a frame of reference that they wo n't easily escape from , then the mark ...
The Scofield Bible heralds the coming kingdom of the Jews in which God 's Chosen People shall reign over all the earth .
Scofield , a notorious criminal who popularized dispensational theology , is revered by many Christian evangelicals .
Everywhere that evangelism in America goes , these lies will most surely follow .
That is unfortunate , but it is by design .
While part of the Lotus Club in New York during the late 19th century , Scofield was brought under the domain of Zionists by Samuel Untermeyer , an illuminist .
Untermeyer and other key Zionist 's recognized within Scofield 's theology a very powerful weapon for their cause ... and it has flourished in its acceptance until this day .
Dispensational theology is a major contributor in the founding and continuance of the current Jewish state .
Untermeyer later became chairman of the Anti-Nazi league , American Jewish Committee and American League of Jewish Patriots .
He blackmailed President Wilson into placing Louis Dombitz Brandeis into a vacant seat on the Supreme Court .
In 1933 , on WABC , he declared war on Germany and described Jews as the aristocrats of the world .
Untermeyer brought Scofield into correspondence with many important Zionist leaders of the day like Jacob Schiff , Bernard Baruch and Samuel Gompers to name a few .
They were his handlers and funders .
Dispensationalism and its attendant false ideas like the pre-tribulation rapture is probably the most pestilent propaganda being promoted today .
The ultimate purpose of these teachings will lead the masses to destruction in the future through a false worship type of event .
Drugmakers , Doctors Rake in Billions Battling H1N1 Flu Profits from the H1N1 flu virus are nothing to sneeze at .
Oct. 14 , 2009  --
Americans are still debating whether to roll up their sleeves for a swine flu shot , but companies have already figured it out : vaccines are good for business .
Drug companies have sold $ 1.5 billion worth of swine flu shots , in addition to the $ 1 billion for seasonal flu they booked earlier this year .
These inoculations are part of a much wider and rapidly growing $ 20 billion global vaccine market .
" The vaccine market is booming , " says Bruce Carlson , spokesperson at market research firm Kalorama , which publishes an annual survey of the vaccine industry .
" It 's an enormous growth area for pharmaceuticals at a time when other areas are not doing so well , " he says , noting that the pipeline for more traditional blockbuster drugs such as Lipitor and Nexium has thinned .
As always with pandemic flus , taxpayers are footing the $ 1.5 billion check for the 250 million swine flu vaccines that the government has ordered so far and will be distributing free to doctors , pharmacies and schools .
In addition , Congress has set aside more than $ 10 billion this year to research flu viruses , monitor H1N1 's progress and educate the public about prevention .
Drugmakers pocket most of the revenues from flu sales , with Sanofi - Pasteur , Glaxo Smith Kline and Novartis cornering most of the market .
But some say it 's not just drugmakers who stand to benefit .
Doctors collect copayments for special office visits to inject shots , and there have been assertions that these doctors actually profit handsomely from these vaccinations .
It is a notion that Dr. Lori Heim , president of the American Academy of Family Practitioners , says is simply not true .
" According to most of the physicians I have talked to , the administration of these vaccines is done for the community 's benefit as opposed to anything that helps profit , " she says .
Heim adds that even though doctors will not have to shell out for the H1N1 vaccine , they will bear the usual costs associated with storage and administering the shots .
" There is an administration fee , for the costs that you can't get reimbursed through Medicare or Medicaid , " she says .
" This is usually less than , or right at the break - even point . "
Still , pharmacies also charge co-payments or full price of about $ 25 to those without insurance and often make more money if patients end up shopping for other goods .
" Flu shots present a good opportunity to bring new customers into our stores , " says Cassie Richardson , spokesperson for SUPERVALU , one of the country 's largest supermarket chains .
Drawing customers to the back of a store , where pharmacies are often located , offers retailers a chance to pitch products that might otherwise go unnoticed .
Even companies outside of the medical industry are benefiting : the UPS division that delivers vaccines in specially designed containers , for example , has seen a bump in business .
New Entrants in Flu Shot Business
The intensifying competition has irked some doctors .
" Retailers and other non-medical professionals have siphoned off the passive income that once helped to cover medical overhead , " says Dr. Caroline Abruzese , an internist in Atlanta .
" The larger retail chains can invest up front in large volumes of vaccine at low prices , and market to customers already in their stores . "
The promise of profits has attracted new players into the business .
Some of the world 's largest drugmakers , who in the past avoided the vaccine market because of its limited scope -- its not easy to convince healthy adults to get a shot for measles -- are now jumping into the fray .
Last month alone saw three large vaccine deals .
Abbott Labs bought a Belgian drug business , along with its flu vaccine facilities , for $ 6.6 billion .
Johnson & Johnson invested $ 444 million in a Dutch biotech firm that makes and develops flu vaccines .
Merck , which already makes vaccines for shingles and other diseases , struck a deal to distribute flu shots made by Australian CSL .
Smaller biotechs are also angling for a slice of the action , making vaccines one of the fastest - growing areas of research in the biotech industry .
Large and small drugmakers are drawn to the business largely because of scientific advances that promise to radically expand the range of health problems that vaccines can address .
In addition to preventing childhood diseases such as measles and polio , vaccines can now also ward off cervical cancer , and researchers are working on vaccines for HIV and tuberculosis .
Scientists believe they can create therapeutic vaccines than treat diseases such as Alzheimers and diabetes after they have set in .
( At least one company is betting on a vaccine that helps cigarette smokers quit . )
" These innovations broaden the market potential for vaccine makers and partly explained the renewed interest by drugmakers , " says Anthony Cox , a professor at Indiana University 's Kelley School of Business who specializes in the marketing of medical products .
But Mark Grayson , a spokesperson for the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America , which represents the country 's leading pharmaceutical research and biotechnology companies , says that drugmakers are also compelled by the government to join efforts to ensure that there is enough vaccine to go around .
" Because of national security implications , the government felt that they needed to encourage and ask [ vaccine manufacturers ] to move much quicker , " he says .
Grayson adds that vaccine manufacturers also face significant costs ; aside from the expense of fitting a new vaccine into a tight production schedule , drugmakers GlaxoSmithKline and Sanofi Pasteur were forced to acquire new vaccine production facilities in recent years to keep up with demand .
Alternatives to Vaccines Are Few
While this promise of new treatments for painful diseases brings hope to many , vaccines continue to attract critics .
The National Vaccine Information Center , a non-profit advocacy group , is at the forefront of a movement demanding that vaccines be tested more thoroughly before hitting the market .
Although there has been little evidence to support their claim , detractors -- including the comedian Jim Carrey -- believe that vaccines are at least partly to blame for the sharp rise in autism in recent decades .
The swine flu vaccine has also attracted its share of critics .
Frank Lipman , a New York - based doctor who specializes in a mix of Western and alternative medicine , points out that the swine flu is rarely fatal and that it 's too early to tell if it 's safe because it has n't been widely tested .
Others argue that Americans have little choice .
The cost of a widespread pandemic , similar to Spanish Flu outbreak in 1918 , which killed 675,000 Americans ( and 50 million worldwide ) , would be devastating .
The Trust for America 's Health , a Washington - based non-profit organization , estimates that a severe pandemic could push down GDP by more than 5 percent and cost Americans $ 683 billion .
" We 're not seeing a pandemic that 's this severe , " says Jeff Levi , director of Trust for Americas Health .
" We 've dodged a lot of bullets . "
BEATING up on the wealthy seems to be the order of day .
I suspected that .
But a recent Wealth Matters column touched a particularly raw nerve .
It looked at how even people with sizable fortunes were concerned about money in this recession and the impact that could have on the rest of us .
Readers rejected the attempt to understand the concerns of the rich .
“ That ’s so stupid that you ought to be slapped for it , ” one woman wrote .
My favorite began : “ Bowties and Reaganomics are for losers .
You can cry for the rich all you want , the rest of us will be happy to see them get taxed . ”
The vehemence in these e-mail messages made me wonder why so many people were furious at those who had more than they did .
And why are the rich shouldering the blame for a collective run of bad decision - making ?
After all , many of the rich got there through hard work .
And plenty of not - so - rich people bought homes , cars and electronics they could not afford and then defaulted on the debt , contributing to the crash last year .
But in this recession , anger flows one way .
Eric Dammann , a Manhattan psychoanalyst , theorizes that a lot of people are angry that the rules of the game seem to have changed .
Will Pakistan finally buckle ?
After a week that has witnessed some of the boldest and deadliest militant attacks against the Pakistani state and the headquarters of its most potent institution , the army , the question is asked increasingly widely .
The short answer is no .
But the country must brace itself for many more months , if not years , of traumatic conflict , especially as the army launches a major offensive in South Waziristan .
This will deepen the conditions of chronic insecurity and political dysfunctionality to which its people have long been accustomed .
This is not to minimise the impact of the latest strikes that have convulsed Lahore , Rawalpindi , Peshawar and Kohat , or to play down the appalling loss of lives resulting from the attacks .
Both have left the country in a state of shock not dissimilar to that which followed the terrorist attack on the Marriott Hotel in Islamabad in September 2008 .
Many had hoped that the Marriott attack would finally bring the country together and help to forge a real national consensus to tackle militancy .
Those expectations have long since disappeared .
Yet there were initially some grounds for optimism .
The newly elected government with cross-party support that took power in February 2008 boldly declared that it would " take ownership " of the controversial " war on terror " to defend Pakistan .
A climate of political reconciliation between President Asif Ali Zardari and his erstwhile foe , former prime minister Nawaz Sharif , reinforced the mood of optimism when both sides also agreed to form a coalition government .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The military , too , seemed to have turned a page .
The new army chief , General Ashfaq Kiyani , sent out strong signals that he intended to refrain from politics and keep his men focused squarely on military matters .
Although tensions between the military and ministers were never far from the surface , they were judged to be mere teething problems .
By the time the army launched its ferocious military operation against militant strongholds in Swat in May this year – with endorsement from the government , political parties and the public at large – many assumed Pakistan had turned the corner and that state and society were finally in synch .
And with the US ever ready to oblige with drone strikes , military success against the Taliban appeared to be a foregone conclusion .
Confidence was further boosted after a US missile in August successfully targeted Pakistan 's most wanted militant leader , Baitullah Mehsud .
His death was claimed as heralding the emergence of a real national consensus against militancy and the imminent demise of the Taliban .
Neither , as recent events have demonstrated , was at all warranted .
Signs of disarray were already in evidence .
The first warnings were sounded in August 2008 after Sharif 's party , the Pakistan Muslim League , withdrew from the ruling coalition headed by President Zardari's Pakistan People 's Party .
At issue was not only the reinstatement of the former chief justice , but also important constitutional amendments that would restrict the extraordinary powers of the president – a measure Zardari is as yet unwilling seriously to countenance .
The mistrust generated by this issue , many now fear , has irreversibly damaged the prospects of co-operation between the two parties .
More ominously still have been signs of growing disaffection in the army over Zardari 's leadership .
While it is no secret that the military has always harboured a deep dislike of the People 's Party , it has now taken umbrage at Zardari 's attempts in recent months to encourage dialogue with India – an area over which the army is used to exercising its prerogative .
But it is Zardari 's efforts to call on externally borrowed power from the US to rein in the military that has most infuriated the army 's high command .
In the months leading up to the enactment of the enhanced partnership with Pakistan ( the so - called Kerry - Lugar bill ) , the government had worked closely with US lawmakers to ensure that the interests of Pakistan 's civil society were not made subservient to those of the military .
By early September it was clear that the military was set to challenge these moves and step into the political fray .
In a meeting last week , senior corps commanders expressed " serious concerns " over the bill .
Reports indicated , however , that the army had taken grave exception to provisions of the bill calling for civilian oversight of the military and the defence budget .
Differences have since been papered over by an " explanatory note " attached to the bill designed to reassure the military .
But expectations of a smooth working relationship between the two sides are in question .
Though the militants were dealt a severe blow by the loss of Baitullah Mehsud , they have regrouped under his successor , Hakeemullah Mehsud .
They have also shown themselves to be adept at extending their reach and forging a nexus that now involves Islamic militants from Punjab with close links to al - Qa'ida .
While larger numbers of Pakistanis may well stand opposed to militancy , popular ambivalence over the state 's relation to Islam continues to thwart the prospects of translating this opposition into a coherent strategy to fight the militants .
And with the militants in no doubt about what they stand for , it is now more urgent than ever for government and society to open up an honest debate about what precisely Pakistan stands for .
Farzana Shaikh is an associate fellow of Chatham House and author of Making Sense of Pakistan
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement The UK government " distanced itself " from talk of removing Saddam Hussein in early 2001 despite concerns about his threat , the Iraq inquiry has been told .
Sir Peter Ricketts , a top intelligence official at the time , said it was assumed it was not " our policy " despite growing talk in the US about the move .
On the first day of public hearings , four senior diplomats and advisers gave evidence on the war 's origins .
The inquiry chairman has said he hopes to conclude his report in late 2010 .
Relatives of some of the 179 UK service personnel killed in Iraq gathered outside the venue in central London where the hearings are being held , as did a number of anti-war protesters .
Tens of thousands of Iraqi civilians died during the 2003 conflict and in the years following it though estimates vary considerably .
WITNESSES ON TUESDAY Sir Michael Wood : Legal Adviser to the Foreign Office ( 1999 - 2006 ) Sir Peter Ricketts : Chairman of the Joint Intelligence Committee ( 2000 - 2001 ) Simon Webb : Policy Director , MoD ( 2001 - 2004 ) Sir William Patey : Head of Middle East Department , Foreign Office ( 1999 - 2002 )
Q&A : Iraq war inquiry Analysis : tolerant or critical ?
How US has investigated Iraq war
The long - awaited investigation into the UK 's involvement in the run-up to the Iraq invasion , the war itself and its aftermath , is expected to last for more than a year .
Former Prime Minister Tony Blair will be among the future witnesses .
Tuesday 's session looked at UK foreign policy towards Iraq in the lead - up to the war , which began in 2003 .
Asked about the threat posed by Iraq in early 2001 , Sir Peter Ricketts , who was the then chairman of the Joint Intelligence Committee - which oversees MI5 , MI6 and GCHQ - said it was palpable .
Sir Peter , now Head of the Diplomatic Service , said there was a " clear impression " that Saddam had a " continuing intention " to acquire weapons of mass destruction , having used them in the past .
Impact of 9/11 However , Sir Peter said there was no -one in the UK government in 2001 " promoting or supporting " regime change , as it was assumed " it was not our policy that we were seeking the removal of Saddam Hussein " .
While there were " voices " in Washington calling for Saddam to be removed even before the Bush administration came to power in early 2001 , this did not result in a change to the longstanding policy of trying to contain Iraq through sanctions , he said .
CORRESPONDENT'S VIEW
From the BBC's Peter Biles at the Chilcot inquiry in London :
The first members of the public arrived as early as 6.30 am forming a queue outside the Queen Elizabeth II Conference Centre .
The bereaved families of servicemen and women killed in Iraq have waited with a sense of expectation for this Iraq inquiry , the most comprehensive of all the investigations held in Britain .
Among those here today was Rose Gentle , whose son Gordon was killed in Iraq in 2004 .
Also present , the sisters of the aid worker Margaret Hassan who was kidnapped and executed .
In a small demonstration outside a group of three people wore face masks caricaturing George Bush , Tony Blair and Gordon Brown .
Inside , in the sterile atmosphere of the public hearing room , the committee chairman Sir John Chilcot opened proceedings with a warning that this inquiry might not be completed until the end of 2010 .
That will not come as a surprise - Sir John has already said his committee has received " mountains of written material " to digest .
Sir William Patey , then head of the Middle East Department at the Foreign Office , said the UK had been aware " of the drumbeats from Washington " when it came to regime change but wanted to " stay away from that end of the spectrum " .
Sir William - now ambassador to Saudi Arabia - acknowledged that international support for the sanctions policy in place against Iraq since 1991 - which underpinned the policy of containment - was steadily breaking down at the time .
However , asked whether this policy - which critics said was ineffective and which was actually hurting the Iraqi people - could have " kept Saddam caged " indefinitely , he replied " possibly " .
Focusing on the impact of the 9/11 attacks on British policy , Sir Peter said it " added an edge " to existing concerns about Iraq seeking to acquire weapons of mass destruction beyond any international control .
Despite there being no evidence of a direct link between al - Qaeda and Iraq , Sir Peter said there was a " tone of voice " in Washington after 9/11 that there would be " major implications " for Iraq if that was the case .
US priorities after 9/11 remained al - Qaeda and Afghanistan , he said , but it became clear by the end of the year that the so - called war on terror was moving into a second , as yet , " undefined " phase .
" It was clear from late autumn [ 2001 ] that Iraq was being considered in a different light in light of the 9/11 attacks , " he said .
But he said he did not " recall " any conversations with British ministers or policy discussions in Whitehall about regime change at that stage .
' Open mind '
Other officials who gave evidence on Tuesday were former senior Ministry of Defence official Simon Webb and ex-Foreign Office legal adviser Sir Michael Wood .
In his opening statement , inquiry chairman Sir John Chilcot said the panel had an " open mind " about the UK 's involvement in the Iraq conflict and its aftermath .
INQUIRY TIMELINE November - December : Former top civil servants , spy chiefs , diplomats and military commanders to give evidence January - February 2010 : Tony Blair , Gordon Brown and other politicians expected to appear before the panel March 2010 : Inquiry expected to adjourn ahead of the general election campaign July - August 2010 : Inquiry expected to resume Report set to be published in late 2010 or early 2011
He said it was the panel 's job to " establish " what happened in Iraq - " to evaluate what went well and what did not , and crucially why " - so that lessons could be learned .
He intended to produce a report which was " thorough , impartial , objective and fair " , stressing that it would not hold back from criticising institutions and individuals where this was " truly warranted " .
While most hearings would be held in public , Sir John said he reserved the right to conduct sessions in private where issues directly affecting national security were addressed .
' Profound questions '
The members of the inquiry 's committee were chosen by No 10 , leading critics to ask whether it can be independent of the government .
HAVE YOUR SAY
I confidently predict that by the end of this inquiry the British public still wo n't know why we sent troops to Iraq or what advice the government was given regarding the war 's legality .
Richard , UK
Over the coming weeks the inquiry is expected to hear from a succession of diplomats , military officers and politicians , including Mr Blair , who is due to appear early in the new year .
Former Lib Dem leader Sir Menzies Campbell said Tony Blair and his advisers would have to answer " profound " questions about the reasons for going to war , why post - war planning was so " poor " and why so many Iraqis died during the period of British engagement in Iraq .
" As you have seen from the reaction of the relatives of those who were killed in Iraq there is an awful lot of emotion around , " he said .
" I think it will be quite a difficult occasion for Mr Blair . "
Previously , the Butler inquiry looked at intelligence failures before the war , while the Hutton inquiry examined the circumstances leading to the death of former government adviser David Kelly .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Definition
The State Regulation hypothesis states that a non-optimal energetic state could explain performance deficits in children with ADHD .
This hypothesis is based on research using the Cognitive Energetic model of Sanders [ 45 , 46 ] .
In this model , the efficiency with which a task is performed is considered to be a product of elementary cognitive stages and their energy distribution .
The elementary stages are stimulus encoding , memory search , binary decision and motor preparation [ 47 ] and may be seen as structural computational information processes .
The availability of these processes is related to the arousal and activation levels of the subject .
Arousal is defined as a time - locked phasic physiological response to input , whereas activation refers to a long - lasting voluntary readiness for action [ 48 , 49 ] .
Effort is necessary to meet task demands and to compensate for a sub-optimal state of arousal and / or activation by either activating or inhibiting the arousal and activation levels .
The effort system is under control of an evaluation mechanism , which scans the momentary state of the arousal and activation levels .
The state regulation theory states that children with ADHD have difficulty in keeping an optimal activation state , possibly due to inefficient extra effort allocation .
Using Sternberg 's additive factor method ( 1969 ) , Sergeant and van der Meere ( for reviews , see [ 50 – 53 ] ) found the encoding , memory search , and decision stages to be intact .
However , deficient response organization was noted , especially when stimuli were presented slowly .
Later studies also noted that children with ADHD tend to perform more poorly in conditions of relatively slow , compared with fast and moderate event rates .
The typically slow and variable response style in ADHD , when stimuli are presented slowly , is a consistent finding in these studies , whereas with respect to errors of commission , findings are mixed [ 54 – 57 ] .
The robustness of the response time ( RT ) event rate effect also remains under sustained attention conditions of more than 30 minutes .
Children with ADHD were found to have a rapid decline in task efficiency over time with a slow presentation rate , but not with a fast presentation rate ( for a review , see [ 52 ] ) .
According to the Cognitive Energetic model , event rate influences the motor activation level .
Activation levels increase with an increase in event rate , whereas slow event rates may induce under-activation .
To compensate for a sub-optimal activation state , extra effort allocation is necessary .
Consequently , the event rate RT findings may suggest that children with ADHD are easily under-activated and have difficulty in adjusting their under- activated state because of insufficient extra effort allocation .
Effort allocation has its physiological costs ; hence further testing of the state regulation hypothesis may be critically dependent on the development of direct measures of the energetic pools [ 50 ] .
In this vein , psychophysiological studies have been recently carried out .
Children with ADHD showed higher heart rate variability ( HRV ) in the slow condition only , suggesting less effort allocation [ 58 ] .
Using the event - related potential ( ERP ) methodology , Wiersema and colleagues showed that the poor performance of children with ADHD in the slow condition was related to a missing increase of the parietal P3 amplitude [ 59 ] , which may be an indicator of effort allocation [ 60 , 61 ] .
The same results were found for male adults with ADHD , indicating that problems in state regulation may persist in adult ADHD [ 62 ] .
In conclusion , several studies indicate that event rate , which has been argued to have its locus in the activation pool , plays an important role in task performance in ADHD .
Recent psychophysiological studies underscore the hypothesis of a state regulation deficit in ADHD and highlight the disturbed involvement of the effort pool in ADHD , especially in relation to an under - activated state .
Another factor argued to influence energetic state and to optimise performance of children with ADHD is motivation .
As Luman et al. ( 2005 ) have noted [ 63 ] , there is clear evidence that motivational factors such as reward and response cost have a positive effect on performance of both typically developing children and children with ADHD .
In some studies , however , reward was more beneficial for children with ADHD than for controls [ 64 , 65 ] .
In a recent study , both factors ( event rate and incentive ) were combined and ADHD was associated with greater improvement in RT variability from baseline to fast - incentive condition [ 66 ] .
According to the Cognitive Energetic model , effort allocation and motivation are strongly related .
Hence , the sensitivity for reinforcement contingencies in children with ADHD would be interpreted , in state regulation terms , as evidence for a lack of effort allocation in ADHD .
Several issues regarding the State Regulation hypothesis remain .
Direct supportive evidence for disturbances in the activation pool in ADHD is limited .
Only a few studies have tried to directly measure the motor activation pool .
Besides the cardiac response studies of Börger and colleagues [ 58 , 67 ] , most of the evidence for disturbed motor activation comes from studies reporting Contingent Negative Variation ( CNV ) differences [ 68–70 ] .
Effects in the first CNV ( orienting ) wave , however , have been reported more often than in the late CNV ( motor readiness ) and these studies did not include an event rate manipulation .
Moreover , as the state regulation model is based on research using the cognitive - energetic model , a distinction is made between arousal and activation .
Yet psychophysiological evidence for this distinction is limited and more research is warranted .
The higher theta / beta ratio in the EEG signal , often found in ADHD populations ( see for review [ 71 ] ) , has been argued by most investigators to be an indication of cortical under-arousal .
Although most evidence suggest that the state regulation problems in children with ADHD are related to under-activation problems , originally it was suggested that activation and performance take an inverted ' U ' function where either increases or decreases in activation from an optimal energetic state lead to performance decrements [ 72 ] .
In order to test whether ADHD is also related to over - activation , more than two conditions of presentation rate should be used : not many studies have done this .
Nevertheless , there is some data supporting the inverted ' U ' predictions .
Children with ADHD were found to have problems with response inhibition in a fast and slow condition , but performed equally well as controls in a medium condition [ 72 ] .
Sonuga - Barke ( 2002 ) [ 73 ] found children with ADHD to experience the largest problems with time use on trials with a short and long duration , while they performed equally well in trials with a medium duration .
Finally , it is not clear which exact brain areas underlie the state regulation problems in ADHD .
Although several brain structures and neurotransmitters have been argued to be associated with the different energetic mechanisms [ 48 , 49 ] few attempts have been made to investigate this directly .
Does the theory explain all of the symptoms of ADHD ?
The state regulation account argues that ADHD symptoms may increase or decrease depending on the child with ADHD 's state .
For example , symptoms of inattention may appear when tasks are slow or boring .
Children may become impulsive or hyperactive in an attempt to increase stimulation ( self - stimulation ) .
This may explain findings such as longer RTs , higher intra-subject variability of responding and increased error rates in children with ADHD .
With respect to the specificity of a state regulation deficit in ADHD , the following findings should be emphasised .
Performance in adults with High Functioning Autism ( HFA ) was disproportionally impaired by a fast event rate condition , whereas no difference between groups was noted in a slow condition [ 74 ] .
Poor RT performance occurred independently of event rate in children with ADHD and comorbid Tic Disorder [ 72 ] , in children with early - and continuously treated phenylketonuria ( PKU ) [ 75 , 76 ] , in learning disabled children without ADHD [ 57 ] , and in children with Mild Mental Retardation plus Conduct Disorder [ 77 ] .
Is the theory testable ?
Crucially , the state regulation account suggests that differences between children with ADHD and typically developing children will be minimal when children with ADHD are in an optimal state .
Unfortunately , it is difficult in practice to specify the optimal state as this may be task / context dependent and will also differ between children .
Has a falsifiable hypothesis been stated ?
Falsifiable hypotheses have been stated .
The specificity of these hypotheses , however , is not always clear .
Most evidence suggests that the state regulation problems in children with ADHD are related to under-activation problems , however originally it was suggested that either increases or decreases in activation from an optimal energetic state lead to performance decrements in ADHD [ 72 ] .
One way to improve the testability of this hypothesised inverted U function , is to incorporate more than two event rates , including an individually - based optimal event rate .
The Commercial Energy Performance Certificates ( EPC’s ) has become a very important certificate to have n the property and construction industry and from January 4th in 2009 is has become an essential requirement .
The European Energy Performance of Buildings Directive ( EPBD ) demands that these Commercial EPC ’s will need to be presented at the point of marketing , selling , leasing or construction for all non-dwellings .
The certificate covers all types of buildings from shops to small offices , industrial units and large commercial buildings such as train stations and airports .
Building Control is responsible for enforcing these changes in the newly built properties and it ’s the Trading Standards department responsibility to enforce certificates on existing buildings .
These legislative requirements mean that every part of the build needs to be monitored and accessed , so the build will comply with the Commercial EPC .
The Commercial EPC is designed to inform you how energy efficient the commercial property is and provide advice on all of the aspects of the build that need to be developed further and improved to make it more energy efficient .
The commercial EPC is graded on a scale system of A - G with A being the most energy efficient and the same scale also demonstrated the impact of the property has on the environment in terms of CO2 emissions .
If you do not comply with the commercial EPC legislation then this will result in a penalty of up to 12.5 % of the rateable value of the property , from a minimum of £ 500 up to a maximum of £ 5,000 .
This penalty is on top of the cost of a compliant commercial EPC .
This commercial energy performance certificate is then valid for a 10 year period .
There are , on the other hand , some commercial premises that are exempt from the commercial EPC .
Those exempt include :
Stand alone buildings that are less than 50sqm ,
Places of worship ,
Properties that already have permission to be demolished within a 2 year period ,
Extensions or lease renewals that were put in place before 1st October 2008 .
With all of these different legislative and energy efficiency factors to consider , it is important that you hire the right energy assessment provider that you can trust to do a good job and deliver the service on time .
To find out more about our Commercial EPC services along with our energy consultancy services , please contact Syntegra direct .
Share this : LinkedIn
Facebook
Email
Print
Twitter
Welcome to the first post of this series about my first year of blogging as a business .
Today will talk about writing , which is the cornerstone of your blogging .
You could n’t really have a blog without constantly creating quality content .
This is why writing is one of the most time consuming blogging activities .
But is also one of the most rewarding , if you do it right .
Posting Speed
The most important question , and also one of the most subtle factors in shaping your audience is : how often should I post ?
This is what I call posting speed .
When I started to blog in October last year , I set up a 15 posts / month posting speed .
Seemed reasonable enough for my niche , which is personal development , and also comfortable for myself in terms of assigned time .
That comes down to one post every other day .
During the first few months , I was almost constantly over this speed , with around 18 - 20 posts per month .
But after the first 6 months something changed .
I was comfortable with writing 15 posts per month so I thought it would be time to expand a little .
To go for more .
The increase my posting speed .
And that took me by surprise .
I decided to go for an experiment called massive guest posting .
I will go into details about it a little later , but for now suffice to say it was implying writing an extra 7 posts in May .
I was able to write those 7 posts , but I was n’t able to keep up the speed in my own blog .
So I ended May with only 8 posts in my blog and 7 guest posts at other blogs .
Surprisingly enough , traffic was n’t affected .
After May , I decided it ’s time to slow down on my guest posts and get back to my regular routine .
And so I did , until July , when I decided to write 2 more guest posts .
This time everything went well , so I waited another month and in September I did another 2 guest posts .
Those guest posts were smoothly inserted in my posting speed .
If I draw a line , my posting speed was constant during the first year .
I wrote at least 15 posts each month .
That makes more than 180 posts in a year , almost all of them over 1200 words each .
Which is a lot .
This adds up and creates a solid foundation .
Something you can build upon .
If you ’re going to have more visitors , at some point they ’ll want to read more of you .
And you do n’t want to have just a dozen of beautiful posts and then nothing .
Or at least I do n’t want that .
I do have something to say and I also created the discipline to say it .
First lesson : start slow when trying to increase posting speed .
Do n’t try to grow faster than you can .
Expanding too much without careful planning will most likely break your current posting speed .
First benefit : keeping a stable posting speed is crucial .
Although your traffic wo n’t be hurt if you screw it one month , it ’s compulsory to get back on track as fast as you can .
Posting speed is not about the traffic you get , but more about your commitment to your blog ( or business ) .
Outside symptoms wo n’t alert you immediately and it may take several weeks until your traffic will really go down , but you got to have internal mechanisms which will put you back on your best speed ASAP , before this will actually happen .
Guest Posting
Now , about the real guest posting .
This first year I had 4 guest posts , as I already told you , grouped in July and September , respectively .
Writing guest posts was fun but I have to admit it took longer than my usual posts .
Here are some reasons :
I tried to fit into the host policy .
Some hosts are suggesting that you write a maximum number of words and others are being strict on their topics .
Sticking with this guidelines is sometimes cumbersome .
I was a little bit nervous , somehow like visiting somebody I did n’t know for the first time .
I was very careful with my words , trying to make a good impression .
Guest posts went out a little bit too serious because of that .
I was a little bit too much of a censor , meaning once I finished a blog post I waited a few days and then read it again .
If it sounded ugly , I started to refactor .
Other than that writing guest posts was fun and inspiring and I will certainly do more of that in the next year .
Lesson : guest posts need a different approach then usual posts and requires more energy , focus and time than your own blog posts .
Benefits : I got a few new readers every time I landed my guest posts on a new blog .
Met some interesting people and engaged in nice conversations .
I also got quality links from quality blogs and that certainly helped my rankings .
Massive Guest Posting
During May I did an experiment .
It was called Massive Guest Posting and as far as I know it was an Internet first .
Basically , all I did was to publish a post about The 7 Ages Of A Business .
But then I thought it would be nice to write a follow - up in which I will write in more details about each age .
And then I thought it would be even nicer to have those follow - up posts as guest posts on other blogs .
And then , of course , I thought it would be really awesome to have the follow - up posts published at the same time on all 7 hosts .
Easier said than done , of course , but a great idea .
I had an immense fun doing it and I have to confess the whole thing was a huge success .
You can see how this turned out once you click the link above .
Several things emerged out of this :
Massive Guest Posting is a fantastic tool for networking .
I connected to a lot of quality bloggers and created long lasting relationships .
On top of what I wrote about guest posts above , when you create a Massive Guest Post project you have to keep in mind a coherence between all the guest posts .
Which can be pretty challenging , knowing that each blog has its own personality , preferred topics and established readers .
After a Massive Guest
Post you ’ll end up with the same benefits as for guest posting , only multiplied by 7 ( or the number of blogs you will pitch ) .
Lesson : there is always room for innovation .
This experiment was a first on the Internet and it was a success .
Benefits : a lot of traffic coming from the host blogs , great relationships with the blog owners and many inbound links .
Not to mention the ninja writing skills I ended up with after the whole thing was done .
Blog Audit
This is a blogging tool , in the form of a wordpress plugin .
I wrote it because I needed something to monitor my progress as a blogger .
I still use it constantly and although it ’s one of the simplest wordpress plugins out there it proves to be really helpful .
With blog audit you can set up blogging goals in the following areas : posting speed , comments density and pingback volume .
Those are actually blog metrics , which will help you assess your current blogging performance .
I set up my posting speed , for instance , in blog audit , and I was constantly monitoring it .
If you ’re meeting your goal , the numbers are colored in green , if you ’re under your goal , the numbers are colored in red .
I was so happy when my blog audit page started to be greener than a Greenpeace activist .
Besides is statistic function , blog audit is also a little bit of a motivator .
Do n’t know if you ’re going to find the “ struggle for green ” motivating , but for me it surely was .
And still is .
Lesson : you need tools if you want performance .
The same way you ca n’t really chop a tree with your bare hands , you ca n’t expect to become better and better without using tools .
Benefits : I started to have a much better understanding of what ’s happening in my blog .
I can see how comments density is changing or how the pingback volume is increasing or decreasing .
I can adjust my strategy and move forward .
List Posts
I decided to write a special paragraph about list posts here , because there is quite a polarized attitude towards them .
On one road , people who are nuts about list posts , thinking they are a by - product of the information age , and on the opposite road people who are hating the guts out of list posts , thinking they are here to make us even dumber than we are .
I wo n’t chose my road yet .
I will just give you the information .
I wrote 4 list posts in the last few weeks and all I say is that the traffic was sky - rocketing .
And I mean it .
All the posts got featured on almost every social media website , from reddit to delicious or hackernews .
I ended up with a lot of recurring visitors and subscribers .
If you ’re curious about the lists posts , take a look at them here :
100 Ways To Live A Better Life
100 Ways To Improve Your Blog
77 Tips For starting An Online Business
33 Ways To Get And Keep Yourself Motivated
There was a tremendous learning going on , from the early moments of getting on the home page of a major social website , up to several weeks after publishing the blog post .
All I can say is that the posts are still retweeted at this moment , although some of them are older than a month .
Lesson : adjust your message to your audience .
Keep in mind you ’re writing for your readers first and find a way to get into their cone of interest .
Benefits : by far the most sudden traffic surge I ever experienced .
Huge number of visitors , increasing subscribers with 50 % and a lot of new relationships opportunities ( especially on Twitter , where I can actually start a conversation with people who are retweeting my content ) .
My E-Book : 30 Sentences For A Millionaire Mindset
Writing an ebook was a fantastic experience .
It was so fun writing my first one , that sooner than I realized I wake up with more than 4 books already cooking so hopefully by the end of the year I ’ll have at least another one out .
Writing the book took several weeks and it was a rather difficult process .
Writing blog posts is one thing but keeping your focus on something that is 90 + pages long is a totally different deal .
The book is about a millionaire mindset and it ’s based on a series of posts I wrote one year ago .
It was interesting to see that one year ago I was struggling to write a list post with 30 items ( the sentences , that is ) , broken down into 3 separate blog posts , and now I can write a 100 list post in less than 2 days .
Another huge surprise was that the book really sells and the whole process is actually working .
I ’m still not shamelessly rich out if it , but I sold copies to people I never heard about .
Which is something that amazes me , to be honest .
If you want to know more about the book , click on the link above .
Lesson : you can monetize a blog in a much more direct and profitable way than by using contextual or display advertising .
Now I have real proof that writing something valuable actually sells .
Benefits : I will not mention the experience I accumulated by writing an ebook , this is something obvious , I guess , but I will take into account the fact that I actually earn money out of this product .
Not only I make money out of it , but I can also help others making money , through an affiliate program .
Writing Roadblock
No , it ’s not about writer ’s block .
I do n’t have something like this and never had .
You can put me in front of a computer , with nothing around me and I can keep writing for hours .
It ’s about something related to my market choice .
I write in English for an English speaking market .
For those of you who do n’t know me , I ’m Romanian and English is my second language .
Or , to be honest , it ’s my fourth language .
I learned French in university and Russian in college .
And I never had an English lesson in my life .
That ’s making English my fourth language .
One of my 2009 goals was to drastically improve my English skills .
I ’m making progress but not as fast as I want .
One of the reasons I chose to have a constant posting speed , a part from keeping the blog afloat , was to practice my English skills more often .
Other than writing constantly on my blog and reading other blogs I do n’t do much to improve my English .
Yet .
There are a few months left from 2009 , right ?
Lesson : if you want to penetrate a new market , be sure to learn its language first .
That ’s it for the writing part of my first year of blogging as a business .
Would love to hear your thoughts about it in the comments .
The Church of Satan came out of San Francisco in the late 1960s , and LaVey 's initial following included a magician , a filmmaker , various authors , at least one local politicians , and even foreign royalty .
These Satanists do not believe in or worship a literal Satan ; they use the symbol of Satan to shock , challenge , and unsettle .
Satan is merely a powerful image of an adversary .
; they use the symbol of Satan to shock , challenge , and unsettle .
Satan is merely a powerful image of an adversary .
These Satanists are atheists and are intensely anti-theistic .
and are intensely .
This form of Satanism explicitly prohibits human and animal sacrifice .
The Satanic rituals practiced in this particular form are based on psychodrama and are as much if not more about personal transformation than belief in the supernatural .
My path from atheism to Christianity and back to atheism was not a straight line .
There were a few detours along the way which led me to various dead ends .
One of these was Satanism .
If there is one stance on religion that is more misunderstood than atheism , it would have to be Satanism .
In this series , I will attempt to clear up some of the misconceptions about Satanism , highlight some of the important similarities and differences between Satanism and atheism , and even make the shocking suggestion that we atheists could learn something from the Satanists .
I want to distinguish between two forms of Satanism so that the reader will understand what I am talking about here and not get bogged down in Christian hysteria or inaccurate media portrayals .
There have been way too much of both .
What most of us think of when we heat the term " Satanism " does not really deserve to be called Satanism at all .
Think of this as the catch - all category containing all the various forms of unorganized mysticism involving dark , Satanic themes with which many American teenage metal fans are fascinated .
This is the form that Christians tend to become hysterical about , to exaggerate , and which the U.S. news media loved to cover in the 1980s and early 1990s .
If you lived in the U.S. during this period of time , you 'll know exactly what I mean .
I am not proud of this at all , but this is the primary form of Satanism in which I dabbled as a teenage metal fan .
I still love metal , the darker and more " evil " the better , but I 've outgrown the desire to emulate these darker themes .
But back in the day , I was into this stuff .
I never sacrificed anything , robbed graves , or did most of the other things that the hysterical news media wanted you to believe was epidemic in the 80s .
I did do ( and did believe ) some pretty ridiculous things back then though .
In my defense , this was little more than short - lived experimentation .
It did not take me long to move on .
The second form of Satanism is what I want to focus on : the real Satanism .
There are several schools of Satanism with some important differences among them .
The particular form you 've probably heard the most about is the religious philosophy and ritual established byin the form of the Church of Satan and described in The Satanic Bible .
This is certainly not the only school of Satanism , and not all real Satanists see eye - to - eye with the Church of Satan .
For the sake of brevity and because it is not my intent to make this an exhaustive exposition on Satanism , I am going to take the liberty of temporarily referring to the Church of Satan and their belief system when I use " Satanism " here .
Again , I recognize that there are other forms of Satanism which could be considered " real Satanism " and which depart in some important ways from what I describe here .
At some future date , I may come back to them .
If you are not familiar with the form of Satanism involving the Church of Satan , here are some things to keep in mind :
In the next post in this series , we will examine the relationship between Satanism and atheism , identifying the relevant similarities and differences .
Stay tuned .
The Tories say they will scrap the ID card scheme The Conservatives have set out plans to reverse what they describe as " the rise of the surveillance state " .
They have pledged to scrap two new databases - the ID card register and ContactPoint - and strengthen the powers of the Information Commissioner .
The Conservatives say they want to restore public trust in the use of personal data by the state .
Their proposals come after a series of security breaches and concern about the amount of information that is held .
The National Identity register - which underpins the ID card scheme - would be scrapped , as would the ContactPoint database , which holds details of 11 million children and young people .
Other proposals include ensuring that government departments are routinely audited by the information commissioner , who would be required to report to Parliament .
' Worst of all worlds '
Shadow justice secretary Dominic Grieve , speaking at the launch of the party 's Reverse of the Surveillance State policy document , said : " No - one is suggesting we should not harness IT or surveillance technology to strengthen public protection .
The state has encroached on the privacy of the innocent citizen , but delivered precious little in return
Dominic Grieve , shadow justice secretary " I am not amongst those who nostalgically yearn for some luddite return to a pre-technological age .
But , the government 's approach to databases and surveillance powers is the worst of all worlds , intrusive , ineffective and enormously expensive . "
He also criticised a new vetting system for volunteers which he said aimed to " protect the public through automated systems " .
But he said : " Over-reliance on the database state has proved a woefully poor substitute for human judgment and care on the frontline of public service delivery .
" The state has encroached on the privacy of the innocent citizen , but delivered precious little in return . "
DNA records
He said money spent on surveillance and building databases would be better spent on more " visible " policing , stronger border controls and increasing the number of prison places .
And he set out five basic principles guiding Tory policy in this area : " Fewer mammoth databases , that are better run .
Fewer personal details held by the state , stored accurately and on a need - to - know basis .
" Greater checks and personal control over the sharing of our data by government .
And stronger duties on government to keep our private information safe . "
The Tories would have more credibility as opponents of the Big Brother state if they were not planning to reduce checks on police surveillance
Chris Huhne
Lib Dems
The Tories are also planning to restrict the storage of DNA records of innocent people , after a ruling from the European Court of Human Rights .
The government has consulted on its own DNA reforms , and is due to publish the results shortly .
Home Secretary Alan Johnson said : " The cases of criminals like Kensley Larrier and Abdul Azad demonstrate that we need to retain information on the DNA database . "
Larrier is a rapist from the North of England who was convicted in 2005 after he was linked to a rape by a DNA sample taken from him three years earlier when he was arrested for possession of an offensive weapon .
Abdul Azad was convicted of a rape committed in Stafford on the strength of DNA evidence taken from him a year earlier in Birmingham when he was arrested for violent disorder .
For the Liberal Democrats , Chris Huhne said : " The Tories would have more credibility as opponents of the Big Brother state if they were not planning to reduce checks on police surveillance .
" The party that first backed ID cards and whose councils snoop with enthusiasm is not to be trusted with privacy or civil liberties . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
“L E G on the Death of L X and R N S , Squire of the Coun T of S X ”
In S X once there lived M N ,
Who was Xceeding Y Y ;
But with so much O B C T
It almost closed his I I .
When from his chair E would R I I ,
U would have laughed to C
The awkwardness his fat did cause
To this old O D T .
But barring that E was so fat ,
E was a right good fell O ,
And had such horror of X S
U never saw him mell O .
N O O so red E did not like ,
As that which wine will give ,
So did S A to keep from drink
As long as E did live .
Two daughters fair this old man had ,
Called Miss M A and L N ,
Who , when the old chap took his E E ,
Would try to T T the men .
Over the C C , these maids to please ,
There came two gallants gay ;
M A and L N ceased to T T ,
And with them ran away .
These gallants did them so M U U ,
And used such an M N C T
Of flattery , U must X Q Q
Their fugitive propensity .
The poor old man heaved many S I I
For frail M A and L N ;
E called each gallant gay a rogue ,
A rascal , and a villain .
And all with half an I might C
His gradual D K ,
Till M T was his old arm - chair ,
And E had passed away .
— William T. Dobson , Literary Frivolities , Fancies , Follies and Frolics , 1880
VATICAN CITY ( Reuters ) - Pope Benedict on Tuesday took a major step to make it easier for disaffected Anglicans who feel their Church has become too liberal to convert to Roman Catholicism .
Pope Benedict XVI waves to the faithful during the Angelus prayer from a windows of his private apartment at the Vatican October 18 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Alessandro Bianchi
The move comes after years of discontent in some sectors of the 77 - million - strong worldwide Anglican community over the ordination of women priests and homosexual bishops .
While both sides stressed the step would not affect dialogue between the two Churches , it was clear it was taken because of the growing number of Anglicans who want to leave their Church .
The Vatican said the Pope had approved a document known as an “ Apostolic Constitution ” to accept Anglicans who want to join Catholicism , either individually or in groups , while maintaining some of their own traditions .
It marks perhaps the clearest and boldest institutional step by the Vatican to welcome disaffected Anglicans into the fold since King Henry VIII broke with Rome and set himself up at the head of the new Church of England in 1534 .
The new structure allows for the appointment of leaders , usually bishops who will come from the ranks of unmarried former Anglican priests , to oversee communities of former Anglicans who become Catholics and recognize the pope as their leader .
“ In this way , the Apostolic Constitution seeks to balance on the one hand the concern to preserve the worthy Anglican liturgical and spiritual patrimony and , on the other hand , the concern that these groups and their clergy will be integrated into the Catholic Church , ” the Vatican said .
MANY REQUESTS
It said the decision was taken to respond “ to the many requests that have been submitted to the Holy See from groups of Anglican clergy and faithful in different parts of the world who wish to enter into full visible communion . ”
The most prominent recent Anglican convert to Catholicism was former British prime minister Tony Blair , who joined after leaving office in 2007 .
The new regulations , due to come into effect soon , will not affect the Catholic Church ’s ban on its own priests marrying .
But they will continue the age - old practice of allowing a married Anglican priest who converts to remain married .
Anglicans will find it easier than before to join the Catholic Church because they will be able to use a standard benchmark of rules and obligations for conversion .
Men who want to become priests and come from an Anglican background will study together with Catholic seminarians even if they are destined to eventually administer to former Anglicans .
Archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams , spiritual leader of the worldwide Anglican communion , told a news conference in London that he did not see the Vatican move as “ an act of aggression ” or vote of no confidence , but part of a routine relationship between the two Churches .
Both Vatican and Anglican officials stressed that both churches would continue dialogue aimed at eventual reunion .
“ This is not a comment on the life of the Anglican Communion .
This is a response to people who came forward , ” said Vincent Nichols , the Archbishop of Westminster and head of the Catholic Church in England and Wales .
Vatican and Anglican officials were coy when asked about the number of potential converts .
“ We will have to wait and see how many people put their hands up and say they are interested , ” said Nichols , describing the pope ’s response as “ courageous and generous . ”
Caps : Ovechkin is week to week
The Caps just sent out the following release , identifying Alex Ovechkin 's injury as an upper - body strain and changing his status from day to day to a more ominous week to week :
Washington Capitals left wing Alex Ovechkin suffered an upper - body strain in Sunday evening 's game against the Columbus Blue Jackets and his status is week - to - week , the team determined Monday .
Ovechkin , the NHL leader in points ( 23 ) and goals ( 14 ) and the league 's Second Star of the Month for October , is expected to miss the fifth game of his five - year career on Wednesday at New Jersey .
He has only missed two games due to injury in his first four seasons .
" We have to buckle down , " head coach Bruce Boudreau said earlier Monday .
" A goal a game he scores , so we got to play better defense and cannot allow four or five goals a game .
You have to win 3 - 1 and 2 - 1 and if you get lucky sometimes make it a 4 - 2 game .
I think we have enough character players who understand what we will have to do without Alex . "
Ovechkin played just 7:43 of Sunday 's overtime loss to Columbus and was held without a point for just the third time this year .
He was examined and treated by the team 's medical staff and underwent an MRI exam on Monday .
The two - time reigning most valuable player will travel with the Capitals this week to continue to receive medical treatment .
JUDGED by their giant compensation bills , Wall Street 's banks are in fine fettle .
But pay is one of the few numbers in their accounts it is easy to make sense of .
The investment banks may be booming but they remain black boxes .
Both Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley , which reported a third - quarter profit of $ 498 m on October 21st , continue to take high levels of trading risk .
The accounts of big , troubled banks — in particular Bank of America ( BofA ) and Citigroup — are awash with exceptional items , including tax gains and changes in the value of their own debt .
After adjusting for the funny stuff , those two firms ' common shareholders still made losses in the third quarter .
Transparency did at least take a small step forwards at Wells Fargo , America 's fourth - biggest bank by assets and its most taciturn .
As well as unveiling a $ 2.6 billion profit , it announced this week ( by press release ) that it would start conducting conference calls for investors and stockmarket analysts from January .
Such gripes aside , there is a clear sense that things are improving .
The big banks seem to think that the provisioning cycle for bad debts overall is at or near a peak .
Meanwhile they are writing up the value of some of the toxic securities whose prices have bounced along with almost every other asset in the known universe .
There are still minefields aplenty : the latest Moody 's / REAL commercial - property price index showed another monthly decline , of 3 % , in August , and credit cards remain weak for most firms .
But the optimism that has prompted bank shares to soar ( see chart ) has a foundation .
Better still , capital levels are improving as the biggest banks retain their profits , sell assets and exchange debt for common equity .
Still , as a policymaker or a taxpayer , it is hard to view the banking system with anything other than mild nausea .
Most of the queasiness stems from the continued accumulation of bumper compensation packages .
The Treasury 's pay tsar is thought to be considering imposing deep pay cuts on the 25 most senior executives at firms it still owns shares in , including Citigroup and BofA .
But since the bigwigs probably account for under 1 % of the total compensation at those banks this would be a largely symbolic move .
The chances of a more severe government response is nevertheless growing .
Now the emergency is over , the full horror of a banking system that is too big to fail is becoming ever more apparent .
Both Goldman's and Morgan Stanley 's value - at - risk numbers , a statistical measure of worst - case - scenario losses , remain high .
Neither bank 's balance - sheet is shrinking , although they do both have more safe assets like government bonds than a year ago .
At the remaining two big banks with state ownership , things still look very messy .
Citigroup has stuck its nastiest bits , including consumer loans and toxic securities , into a separate division , but the hard part lies ahead .
At $ 617 billion this unit 's assets are about a third of Citi 's total , and winding it down will be difficult .
At BofA , too , the residual pong of empire - building is hard to ignore .
It continues to book more bad debts from Countrywide , a mortgage lender it bought last year .
Yet if the investment banks and the two giant conglomerates present a big regulatory headache , as much concern should focus on those banks further down the scale .
In the second quarter of this year America 's banking system overall slipped into the red as bad - debt provisions mounted .
There is likely to have been more pain in the third quarter .
CreditSights , a research firm , reckons 600 to 1,100 of America 's 8,200 banks may need help from , or winding down by , the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation , compared with the 118 that have failed since the beginning of 2008 .
Right now America 's banking system resembles a pyramid .
At the top , two or three firms are doing well .
But beneath them are a handful of giant conglomerates that are struggling towards profits , a tier of middling banks with overexposure to risky assets , and a vast base of small banks in deep , deep trouble .
Course description :
This subject is aimed at students with little or no programming experience .
It aims to provide students with an understanding of the role computation can play in solving problems .
It also aims to help students , regardless of their major , to feel justifiably confident of their ability to write small programs that allow them to accomplish useful goals .
The class will use the Python programming language .
Course topics :
What is computation ; introduction to data types , operators , and variables .
Operators and operands ; statements ; branching , conditionals , and iteration .
Common code patterns : iterative programs .
Decomposition and abstraction through functions ; introduction to recursion .
Floating point numbers , successive refinement , finding roots .
Bisection methods , Newton / Raphson , introduction to lists .
Lists and mutability , dictionaries , pseudocode , introduction to efficiency .
Complexity ; log , linear , quadratic , exponential algorithms .
Binary search , bubble and selection sorts .
Divide and conquer methods , merge sort , exceptions .
Testing and debugging .
More about debugging , knapsack problem , introduction to dynamic programming .
Dynamic programming : overlapping subproblems , optimal substructure .
Analysis of knapsack problem , introduction to object - oriented programming .
Abstract data types , classes and methods .
Encapsulation , inheritance , shadowing .
Computational models : random walk simulation .
Presenting simulation results , Pylab , plotting .
Biased random walks , distributions .
Monte Carlo simulations , estimating pi .
Validating simulation results , curve fitting , linear regression .
Normal , uniform , and exponential distributions ; misuse of statistics .
Stock market simulation .
Course overview ; what do computer scientists do ?
Computational Complexity and Quantum Computation ( Tim Gowers )
Course description :
Computational complexity is the study of what resources , such as time and memory , are needed to carry out given computational tasks , with a particular focus on lower bounds for the amount needed of these resources .
Proving any result of this kind is notoriously difficult , and includes the famous problem of whether P=NP .
This course will be focused on two major results in the area .
The first is a lower bound , due to Razborov , for the number of steps needed to determine whether a graph contains a large clique , if only " monotone " computations are allowed .
This is perhaps the strongest result in the direction of showing that P and N P are distinct ( though there is unfortunately a very precise sense in which the proof cannot be developed to a proof of the whole conjecture ) .
The second is Peter Shor 's remarkable result that a quantum computer can factorize large integers in polynomial time .
Course topics :
Equivalence between Turing machines and the circuit model of compuation .
Final details needed for the quantum Fourier transform , such as how to " uncompute " .
Solving the descrete logirithm problem .
Definition of P , NP and NP - complete and some examples .
A demonstration that clique is NP - complete , and some lower bound complexity proofs which do n't work .
Razborov 's proof that no monotone circuit can solve Clique in polynomial time .
No " natural proof " exists for proving a separation between P and NP if one - way functions exist .
We then move into a mathematician 's description of quantum computation starting from probabilistic computation .
Description of quantum computation continued .
We start describing Shor 's factoring algorithm .
Course topics :
Computer systems organized as a systematic set of transformations ; representation using bits .
Bits and Operations on Bits : unsigned and signed integers ; arithmetic and logical operations ; ASCII ; floating point ; hexadecimal notation .
Digital Logic Structures : gates ; combinational logic ; storage elements .
Digital Logic Structures : memory ; sequential logic ; clock .
The von Neumann Model : basic concepts ; instruction processing ; sequencing .
The LC - 3 : Instruction Set Architecture .
The LC - 3 : Example program in LC - 3 machine language ; LC - 3 datapath .
Programming : problem solving using systematic decomposition , more examples , debugging .
LC - 3 Assembly Language ; examples ; assembly process .
I/ O abstractions : input from the keyboard , output to the monitor .
Repeated Code : TRAPs and subroutines ; Examples .
Stacks ;
Executing subroutines with stacks .
Introduction to C ; Variables and Operators : basic data types , simple operators , examples .
Operators : simple operators , memory allocation of variables , examples .
Control Structures : conditional constructs .
Control Structures : iterative constructs , comprehensive examples , problem solving .
Functions : introduction , syntax , run - time stack .
Functions : activation records , examples .
Pointers and Arrays : introduction , problem solving , examples .
Arrays : 2D arrays , examples .
Testing and Debugging : introduction , error taxonomy , using a debugger .
Recursion : introduction , basic example , example showing run-time stack .
Input and Output in C : standard library , basic I /O calls , file I /O , example .
Basic Data Structures : introduction .
Basic Data Structures : structures , defining new types , enumerations , dynamic memory allocation .
Basic Data Structures : linked lists .
Basic Data Structures : linked lists , linked structure traversal .
Comprehensive Case Study : sorting .
Simple Guide to C++ : Design , abstractions , and implementation .
Course Wrap - up and Advice for Sophomore System Builders .
Multicore Programming ( MIT 6.189 )
Course description :
The course serves as an introductory course in parallel programming .
It offers a series of lectures on parallel programming concepts as well as a group project providing hands - on experience with parallel programming .
The students will have the unique opportunity to use the cutting - edge PLAYSTATION 3 development platform as they learn how to design and implement exciting applications for multicore architectures .
Course topics :
Introduction to Cell processor .
Introduction to parallel architectures .
Introduction to concurrent programming .
Parallel programming concepts .
Design patterns for parallel programming I. Design patterns for parallel programming II .
StreamIt language .
Debugging parallel programs .
Performance monitoring and optimizations .
Parallelizing compilers .
StreamIt parallelizing compiler .
Star - P. Synthesizing parallel programs .
Cilk .
Introduction to game development .
The Raw experience .
The future .
Statistical Aspects of Data Mining ( Data Mining at Google )
This is a talk series being given at Google by David Mease based on a Master 's level stats course he is teaching this summer at Stanford .
Course topics :
1. Discussion of locations of potentially useful data ( grocery checkout , apartment door card , elevator card , laptop login , traffic sensors , cell phone , google badge , etc ) .
Note mild obsession with consent .
Overview of predicting future vs describing patterns , and other broad areas of data mining .
Intro to R. 2 . Data .
Reading datasets into excel and R. Observational ( data mining ) vs Experimental data .
Qualitative analysis vs quantitative analysis .
Nominal vs ordinal .
3 . Sampling .
4 . Empirical distribution function .
Histograms .
Plots .
5 . Overlaying multiple plots .
Statistical significance .
Labels in plots .
6 . Box plots .
Color in plots .
Installing R packages .
ACCENT principles and Tufte. 7 . Association Rules .
Measures of location .
Measures of spread .
Measures of association .
Frequent itemsets .
Similar to conditional probabilities .
8 . More association rule mining .
Support and confidence calculations .
Personalization using rules .
Beyond support and confidence .
9 . Review . 10 . Data Classification .
A negative view of decision trees .
Decision trees in R. Algorithms for generating decision trees .
11 . More decision trees .
Gini index .
Entropy .
Pruning .
Precision , recall , f- measure , and ROC curve .
12 . Nearest Neighbor .
KNN .
Support Vector Machines .
Adding ' slack ' variables , using basis functions to make the space linearly separable .
Some comments on Stats vs ML .
Intro to ensemble ( uncorrelated ) classifiers .
Random Forests .
AdaBoost - Adaptive Boosting .
Some discussion of limits of classifiers ( nondeterministic observational datasets ) .
Clustering .
K- Means .
Data Structures and Algorithms ( COMP1927 , UNSW )
Lectures by Richard Buckland from The University of New South Wales .
Course topics :
Abstract data types .
Stacks .
Queues .
Recursion .
Time and Space Complexity .
Big Oh Notation .
Complexity Analysis. BFS ( Breadth First Search ) .
DFS ( Depth First Search ) .
Trees .
Tree Algorithms .
Self Balancing Trees . Graphs and Graph Algorithms .
C99 Extensions .
Unit Testing .
Debugging .
Pair Programming .
Peter Gibbons Memorial Lecture Series
Computational Origami
Lecture description :
As a glassblower , Tetris master , magician , and mathematician , the MIT professor has spent his life exploring the mysterious and fascinating relationships between art and geometry .
Here , he discusses the potential of lasers , leopard spots , and computer science to breathe new life into everything from architecture to origami .
Demaine has a " hard time distinguishing art from mathematics . "
His approach to art has a strong emphasis on collaboration , which as he says , is a rare thing in art .
Demaine is a professor in computer science and mathematics .
He realized that " mathematics ( itself ) is an art form . "
During the talk , he also mentions Escher 's study of mathematics .
Related Posts
Hi everyone !
This month I have a tasty collection of free computer science courses .
All the courses have videos included .
The topics include : Introduction to computer science .
Computational complexity and quantum computing .
Introduction to computing systems .
The C programming language .
Multicore programming .
Statistics and data mining .
Combinatorics .
Software testing .
Evolutionary computation .
Deep learning .
Data structures and algorithms .
Bonus lecture : Computational origami .
Have fun with these lectures !
SEOUL , South Korea 
The North Korean military on Thursday accused South Korean warships of trespassing near the North ’s west coast , a reminder to its neighbors that it can raise tensions even as its government reaches out for talks with the United States and South Korea .
The Defense Ministry in Seoul called the North Korean claim “ preposterous . ”
But the North Korean military made clear its stance .
“ The reckless military provocations by warships of the South Korean Navy have created such a serious situation that a naval clash may break out between the two sides in these waters , ” the North ’s state - run news agency said .
Its warning came three days after the North test - fired five short - range missiles off its east coast .
It also followed a rare conciliatory gesture to the South .
On Wednesday , North Korea expressed regret over the deaths of six South Koreans killed when water released from a North Korean dam swept across the border last month .
Mining Hydrothermal Vents For Renewable Electricity , Drinking Water + Valuable Minerals
September 4th , 2009 by Susan Kraemer
Only after I snoozed my way through high school science class did science become more compelling than science fiction .
Back then , there was just no compelling reason to pay attention .
Just a browzy fly buzzing in a smelly boring lab full of long agreed - upon dull principles that were really neither here nor there .
In those days there were no colliding continents or hydrothermal vents or extremophile lifeforms .
We looked to sci - fi for that .
Who knew that our planet would soon be busting at the seams with 7 billion of us .
That our fossil fuel use would threaten our survival with climate changes — on a level unseen on the planet since Cyanobacteria made it safe it for oxygen - breathers 4 billion years ago .
Or that we would not only discover vast strange heat sources under the ocean but that we ’d actually consider mining these hydrothermal vents for renewable energy :
That was the sort of story you ’d only find in science fiction back then .
But yet , here we are .
This is not science fiction :
The energy potential is staggering .
In the Gigawatt range per vent .
The Marshall Hydrothermal Recovery System would use the heat from hydrothermal vents 7,000 feet under the sea to make electricity .
Its temperature is incredibly high , 750 degrees Fahrenheit ; hot enough to melt lead , but it does not boil because of the intense pressures at the depths where the vents are located .
Superheated fluid would be propelled up through a through a ( well insulated ! ) pipe to an oil platform located on the surface above the vent .
The superheated fluid is carried by means of flow velocity , convection , conduction , and flash steam pressure as it rises and the ambient pressure is decreased .
Once delivered to the platform , the heat energy contained in the fluid can be extracted to generate electricity .
Since the amount of energy available from any thermal system is dependent on the difference in temperature between two points , the system also includes a Thermal Enhancement Pipe .
This is simply an open pipe , like a large drinking straw , which extends down below the layer of relatively warm water on the surface to the permanently frigid waters below .
By withdrawing water from that pipe and using it as the cold side of any heat reaction , much more energy can be extracted from the process than could be delivered without it .
But what about those extremophile lifeforms down there at the vent ?
This has got to be ecologically disruptive !
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Laura Dekker was not in the Utrecht court to hear Friday 's ruling A Dutch court has put a 13 - year - old girl under state care for two months , stalling her bid to become the youngest person to sail solo around the world .
The decision by three Utrecht judges means Laura Dekker 's parents , who support her plans , temporarily lose the right to make decisions about her .
A child psychologist will now assess her capacity to undertake the voyage .
Miss
Dekker says she is happy with the ruling , but she will try to convince the authorities to let her set sail .
" I have n't had the same upbringing as so many other children , " she told the Dutch television programme , NOS Jeugdjournaal , in her only comments after the ruling .
" Sailing has always played an important role in my upbringing and that 's why I want to do this now , " she added .
Back to school
The seasoned sailor , who lives with her father Dick Dekker , said she would return to classes when school reopens on Monday after the summer break .
I want simply to learn about the world and to live freely
Laura Dekker
Dreams scuppered for sailor girl
Send us your comments " My classmates may be surprised to see me back at school , but I 'm confident that I will set sail one day .
I know I can do it , " she told the Jeugdjournaal programme .
Mr Dekker had earlier had a request for her to miss two years of school turned down .
Miss Dekker had planned to spend about two years aboard her 26ft ( 8 m ) boat , Guppy , to break the record set this week by a 17 - year - old UK boy .
Mike Perham tackled 50ft waves , gale force winds and technical problems during the 28,000 mile ( 45,000 km ) circumnavigation , which took him nine months .
Addressing concerns that she would be alone for long periods on her round - the - world trip , she told Jeugdjournaal : " I will always be surrounded by other people who are on a journey like mine .
I really think I will meet these people and make friends easily . "
' Live freely '
The Dutch Child Protection Agency had requested Miss Dekker be made a ward of court because , it said , it was " irresponsible for such a young girl to make a two - year solo trip around the world " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The judges agreed , ruling Miss Dekker would face mental and physical risks if she were allowed to go ahead with her planned record attempt .
Miss Dekker was put under the guardianship of the Utrecht Youth Care agency and the case will be reviewed after two months .
Peter de Lange , the Dekkers ' lawyer , described the case as " exceptional " .
" The crucial question is whether it is wrong for parents to allow their child to indulge in her passion , " he told Radio Netherlands .
Caroline Vink , a senior adviser on youth protection in the Netherlands , said the case needed to be " looked into " .
" We 're talking about a 13 - year - old , " she told the BBC .
" You can also question whether she 's able to take this decision for herself , and whether the parents are making the decision in the best interests of Laura . "
Miss Dekker was reportedly born on a yacht off the coast of New Zealand during a seven - year world trip .
She had a yacht by the age of six and began sailing solo when she was 10 .
" Since I was 10 years old , I 've known that I would like to sail around the world , " she had earlier told Dutch television .
" I want simply to learn about the world and to live freely . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Computer Operating Systems typically try to save power by turning off the display after some keyboard / mouse activity timeout : maybe 10 minutes .
Would n’t it be better if the computer actually knew when you were at the computer and when you have left ?
Overview
The Sonar Power Manager uses a new user presence detection technique to shut off the computer display when you are not present .
It was developed by myself and other researchers at Northwestern University and University of Michigan .
The goal is to shut off the screen immediately after you leave , even if you just moved the mouse 10 seconds ago .
It uses a very simple type of sonar system to accomplish this :
The Sonar Power Manger uses ultrasound ( sound above 20 k Hz in frequency and which humans cannot hear ) on your computer ’s regular sound system .
Surprisingly , we have found that many laptops can use ultrasound .
However , many laptops cannot .
For these unlucky users , the Sonar Power Manager will not properly detect user presence .
Other unlucky users will find that their speakers produce annoying lower - frequency harmonics or noise while the sonar is operating .
James
Orr , 66 , was on trial in Cincinnati , Ohio yesterday for robbery and kidnapping when he disrupted the hearing with an extreme act of grossness .
Orr reportedly asked his attorney if he had any food .
When the attorney told him no , Orr apparently put his colostomy bag on the table , squeezed out the contents , and then either ate , or pretended to eat , his own feces .
The Sheriff 's deputy cuffed him and removed him from the room which the judge then closed for cleaning .
Orr 's trial will continue next week .
From the Cincinnati Enquirer :
( Hamilton County prosecutor David )
Prem admitted he almost vomited up while watching Orr 's antics but suspects they were done with a purpose .
" He 's a con man .
He has over 50 aliases and has convictions in Ohio and New York for thefts and robberies , " Prem said .
" He 's done just about everything a person can do to avoid justice .
He feigned ( mental ) incompetence " leading up to this trial , Prem said .
Orr was ordered to trial after court mental health workers deemed him mentally sound and a faker .
" I 'm completely convinced his whole goal here is to cause as much mayhem as he can , " Prem said of Orr .
( Orr 's attorney Norm ) Aubin will have jail workers again check Orr 's mental health before continuing the trial Wednesday .
NARRATOR : Auschwitz was the largest of Hitler ’s concentration camps .
But its dark purpose was not to house prisoners .
Behind the barbed wire , the Nazis created a death factory — to secretly murder the Jews of Europe .
MARTIN GILBERT : From the moment he came to power , Hitler wanted to get rid of the Jews from Germany .
He turned to what is known as the Final Solution , the extermination of all these Jewish people .
NARRATOR : By 1944 , twelve thousand Jews a day were being killed at Auschwitz .
But few outside its fences knew what atrocities were being committed .
The prisoners had no way of getting word to the outside .
That is , until two brave prisoners decided to escape — determined to tell the world about the secret Nazi genocide .
TITLE : ESCAPE FROM AUSCHWITZ
NARRATOR : Auschwitz , was located 50 miles from Krakow , in southern Poland .
The main camp was opened in 1940 .
It was built to hold and kill Communists , prisoners of war , writers , gypsies , homosexuals and intellectuals .
By 1941 , the Nazis began construction of Auschwitz - Birkenau .
Two and a half miles from the main complex , this camp was built primarily to imprison and exterminate Jews .
Nazi records show that tens of thousands of Jews from German - occupied countries were pulled from their homes and sent to Auschwitz - Birkenau each month .
They had no idea they were being sent to their deaths …
YEHUDA BAUER :
The deportations were always sort of camouflaged by saying the Jews were either going to some other place to work or they were going to be transported to another place .
NARRATOR : The prisoners were moved in overcrowded cattle cars .
With no food or water , some never made it off the trains alive .
The survivors arrived at Auschwitz shell - shocked , dazed and disoriented .
To the rest of the world , they had simply disappeared .
MARTIN GILBERT : Secrecy was essential for the maintenance of Auschwitz , for the continuation of Auschwitz as a killing factory .
The moment it became known ; then there would be revolts and riots at every railway station on the way to it .
The deportations where the greatest confidence trick in history because we now know that it was a total deception ; that the aim of the deportation was to murder these people .
NARRATOR : Among the many thousands of prisoners at the camp was Rudolf Vrba .
Vrba was the son of a Jewish saw mill owner from Topolcany , Slovakia .
In March of 1942 , Vrba had fled Slovakia for Britain , but was captured and sent to Auschwitz .
He was 17 years old .
At the camp , Vrba was given the job of collecting luggage from incoming prisoners .
The bags were filled with anything valuable their owners had been able to grab before they were deported .
Day after day , Vrba watched the frightened prisoners arrive .
They were completely unaware of what the Nazis had in store for them .
MARTIN GILBERT : Vrba understood that , had the truth of this place been known , something would be happening .
First of all the people would n’t be arriving because they ’d be refusing to get on the trains at the departure point .
NARRATOR : But they were getting on the trains , and the Nazis clearly documented what happened when they arrived .
Husbands were separated from their wives and children ; the strong were separated from the weak ; the young , from the old .
Women with children , the elderly and the infirm were loaded onto trucks and taken to a special area at the rear of the camp .
They were given soap and a towel , and told to strip for a shower .
But the showers offered no water .
Instead , they sprayed the trapped prisoners with deadly Zyklon B gas .
The piles of bodies were then sent to the ovens for incineration .
YEHUDA BAUER : Never before had a genocide been committed by industrial means .
Auschwitz and the other death camps were industrial establishment producing corpses .
NARRATOR : Vrba saw this horrific assembly line every day — helpless to provide any kind of warning .
MARTIN GILBERT : While Vrba was working on the ramp he witnessed the fear of being shot , and at the same time soft spoken SS men , you know , all ’s going to be well , going to take an hour or two .
And then you ’ll be in your barracks , your , you know you ’ll get a good meal , all will be well .
So he witnesses the deceptions , he witnesses the horrors and he sees it day after day and night after night .
NARRATOR : The frustration and rage began to consume Vrba as he worked .
MARTIN GILBERT :
He was able to say to himself what I have to do is more important than my life because what I have to do might be able to save thousands and tens of thousands of lives .
NARRATOR : What he had to do was find a way to escape .
So he could tell the world what the Nazis were doing , and prevent others from getting on the trains .
As Vrba plotted , the death camp continued to operate .
Thousands upon thousands were murdered on arrival .
Those who survived the first selection were hardly better off .
They were beaten , starved and denigrated by the brutal Nazi guards .
Among the prisoners was Otto Pressburger , Vrba ’s childhood friend from Slovakia .
OTTO PRESSBURGER : ( HEBREW )
We were very close , like , almost like brothers .
They took away our clothes , they saved our heads .
They gave us other clothes , with stripes .
They tattooed numbers on our chests .
My number on my chest was 2 - 9 - 0 - 4 - 5 .
That was my number .
After that , I was n’t Otto Pressburger ; I was 2 - 9 - 0 - 4 - 5 .
NARRATOR : The healthy were immediately forced into hard labor .
Sadistically , the Nazis turned some Jews into supervisors .
Called Kapos , they were responsible for keeping their fellow prisoners in line , and often became more brutal than the Nazis themselves .
YEHUDA BAUER : Nazis had a problem of shortage of labor and they hit on the idea that they would force individuals from among the prisoners to supervise other prisoners .
Many of them behaved very badly because they felt threatened , their lives were in danger and so they took it out on the prisoners in order not to be punished themselves .
NARRATOR : Auschwitz survivor Freddie Knoller remembers the terror invoked by the Kapos .
FREDDIE KNOLLER :
The biggest fear that we had was prisoners with a green triangle .
We feared them as much as we feared the SS because they had the power of death and life .
NARRATOR : Most prisoners did n’t survive the torturous conditions for long .
YEHUDA BAUER : Jews normally did n’t survive 6 , 7 , 8 weeks at best .
They became then totally apathetic to what was happening around them , and they just died off or were shipped to the gas chamber to be killed .
FREDDIE KNOLLER : I remember seeing one older man ;
He could n’t stand it anymore , he went to the electrified barbed wire , he grabbed the wire and electrified himself , you know , and died , and people just collapsed , they just could not stand it .
NARRATOR : But Rudolph Vrba was not willing to give up …
MARTIN GILBERT : Vrba was a very self - contained person , he had come to recognize exactly what was happening , he had an analytical mind .
He understood this was the reality , it was not an abhor ration .
That within Auschwitz , this killing system was the reality .
This was a very potent factor for carrying on , not becoming as so many hundreds of thousands of prisoners did in Auschwitz , demoralized , and with demoralization and loss of will to live .
You became what was known as a Mussel Marne , basically a skeleton and you died .
NARRATOR : Vrba was n’t the only one who thought about escaping .
But the consequences of being caught made most prisoners think twice .
MARTIN GILBERT :
There had been a number of escapes from Auschwitz and in every case ; the escapee had been caught , sometimes within hours , sometimes within a few days .
NARRATOR : When escapees were captured , the entire camp was forced to stand witness as their punishments were carried out .
The experience was a powerful deterrent .
DAVID CESERANI :
The consequences of failure were torture and public execution .
Anyone connected with the escape would also be tortured and murdered .
The price of failure was a ghastly fate .
YEHUDA BUAER :
They were first tortured , in order to get out of them who helped them within the camp and then they were killed .
They were hung .
All of them .
OTTO PRESSBURGER : ( HEBREW )
In front of everyone they said ‘ any person who wants to escape , I ’ll give you a gift — a rope like this . ’
NARRATOR : But even the risk of public hanging was not enough to dissuade Rudolph Vrba .
OTTO PRESSBURGER : ( HEBREW ) Vrba , from the moment he arrived at Auschwitz , right away , he said ‘ I ’m thinking about how I can escape from here .
And all the time he made plans to escape .
NARRATOR : He just had to find the right place and time …
As the Nazi ’s expanded their reign of terror across Europe , more and more Jews were deported to Auschwitz .
The camp ’s crematoria were kept burning night and day .
The lingering smell of death hung in the air .
FREDDIE KNOLLER : Soon every transport that arrived , somehow the air changed .
There was this sweet smell and the old prisoners told us , do you see this , can you smell this sweet smell ?
This is the , the bodies who are being burned .
NARRATOR : Vrba knew he would need help if he wanted his escape attempt to succeed .
He turned to fellow Slovakian inmate Fred Wetzler for assistance .
25 - year - old Wetzler had arrived at Auschwitz from an assembly site in Bratislava in 1942 — the same year as Vrba .
He was well - connected with the underground resistance in the camp , and worked as a registrar , keeping detailed records for his Nazi captors .
Wetzler used his connections to improve Vrba ’s status within the camp .
In June of 1943 , Vrba got a new job — one that would prove crucial in his bid to escape .
YEHUDA BAUER : He was a secretary .
In German it 's a ' schriber ' which means a person who writes .
He had all kinds of administrative jobs .
He had to look after the index cards and register whatever the Nazis wanted him to register .
NARRATOR : Vrba ’s new position meant he no longer had to wear prison garb .
It also allowed him to walk unchallenged almost anywhere in the camp .
DAVID CESERANI :
This also gave him an extraordinary insight into what the camp was doing .
He was in the registry ; he was seeing lists of people coming in .
He was able to develop an extraordinary clear idea of the numbers of Jews who were being deported to the camp and murdered .
NARRATOR : By September of 1943 , the Auschwitz authorities had constructed what they called the Czech ‘ Family Camp , ’ in preparation for the arrival of Czechoslovakia ’s Jews .
Curiously , the 4,000 Czech men , women and children who filled the compound were allowed to keep their own clothes , and their hair was left unshaven .
But this was no easing of Nazi protocol .
It was just a new plot to ensure that the Auschwitz killings remained secret .
MARTIN GILBERT : One group of Jews coming from Terasenstat , the concentration camp ghetto in Czechoslovakia , consisted largely of Czech Jews and their fate was being monitored by the Red Cross .
NARRATOR : The Red Cross had heard rumors about deplorable conditions at some of the camps .
So the Nazi guards kept the Czech prisoners alive , healthy , and blind to the massacre that was taking place all around them .
Meanwhile , it was deadly business as usual for the other prisoners .
The ruse was well - planned , and the Nazis made sure that the deception extended all the way back to Czechoslovakia .
MARTIN GILBERT :
The , the deportation of Jews and many others to camps in the east created tremendous alarm in the communities from which they had been taken .
And one way in which the SS system sought to calm this alarm was what is known as the postcard deception .
The Czech family camp members sent these cards back to Prague or to family members or friends in Czechoslovakia , and all seemed well .
NARRATOR : But not for long …
On March 7th 1943 , confident they had fooled the Red Cross and the outside world , the Nazi guards rounded up the Czechs from the Family Camp , and sent them to the gas chambers .
Vrba and Wetzler witnessed the massacre .
The deception and brutality solidified their resolve to escape as soon as possible .
But they still had n’t found a way out …
Over the following months , the emaciated prisoners were put to work expanding the camp , and building more barracks outside the perimeter fence .
The construction was a clear indication that the Nazis were expecting a huge influx of new Jewish prisoners .
MARTIN GILBERT : Now you do n't double the size of a camp which is working very effectively .
It must mean there 's going to be some great new arrival in terms of hundreds of thousands of people , perhaps as many as half a million people .
NARRATOR : The coarse humor of the SS guards revealed where the next shipment of Jews was likely to come from .
MARTIN GILBERT :
When they saw the scale of the barracks and how wide they were and then the SS guards joking that , you know they were going to get some tasty Hungarian Salamis soon , what could that mean ?
That Hungarian Jews were coming ?
NARRATOR : With Hitler ready to occupy Hungary , Auschwitz was preparing for the deportations that would follow .
Vrba knew he had to act soon .
DAVID CESERANI :
It was his desire to warn the world about this new stage of the final solution , the destruction of the Jews of Hungary that gave urgency to his determination to escape , its that that drove him on .
NARRATOR : In April of 1944 , Vrba and Wetzler finally got the chance they ’d been waiting for .
While working outside the perimeter fence , they realized they could hide in a small cavity , within a pile of wood from the new construction .
They knew from previous escape attempts that the guards would only search for missing prisoners for three days .
So if they could remain undetected in the woodpile for that long , they might be able to get away .
This seemed as good an opportunity as they were likely to get .
But the plan was still fraught with risk .
DAVID CESERANI :
They would hide within spitting distance of the camp while the Nazi’s , while the SS were searching the surrounding area , they would remain under the noses of the SS and when the hew and cry had died down , when the dogs had gone back to the barracks , then they would make their move .
They would cover the ground from the camp , out of the danger zone , to relative freedom .
NARRATOR : On April 7th , 1944 , Vrba and Wetzler put their plan into action .
They — and the other prisoners who helped them — knew full - well the risks they were taking .
As the Nazis had made clear in other failed escape attempts , capture meant certain public execution .
Once hidden in their secret cavity , Vrba and Wetzler covered themselves with gasoline - soaked Russian tobacco — hoping it would mask their scent from the SS dogs .
Over the next few hours , they listened intently to the movements of the camp .
At the end of the day , they heard prisoners finishing their hard labor , and returning inside the perimeter fence .
It was only at roll call that the guards finally realized two prisoners were missing .
OTTO PRESSBURGER : ( HEBREW )
After that , after Vrba and Wetzler escaped , it was three days and three nights of lineups .
NARRATOR : At just after 6 pm on the first evening , the alarm was raised .
The Nazis searched frantically for hours .
At one point , a soldier even climbed onto the log pile , within feet of Vrba and Wetzler .
But when it got dark , the guards headed back inside the gates and the camp fell silent .
Throughout the night , the two men sat frozen , listening to the sounds of the victims shuffling into gas chambers , and smelling the smoke from the crematoria .
At one point Wetzler clearly heard a prisoner scream out : “ Avenge us ! ”
For three days , Vrba and Wetzler waited silently in their cramped hiding place .
The Nazis searched everywhere , but miraculously , the two men remained undetected .
Then , on the third evening , just as predicted , the guards gave up the search .
A little after 9 p.m. , Vrba and Wetzler made their move .
After sitting immobile for so long , the two now had to sprint for the cover of the surrounding woods .
But even the woods were n’t safe .
MARTIN GILBERT :
It was a tremendously dangerous journey , and the Germans had removed the Poles from all the towns and villages in the Auschwitz region and replaced them by ethnic Germans , ‘ Volksdeutsch ’ who were loyal , very loyal indeed to the Reich .
DAVID CESERANI :
Once you were outside you were a marked person .
Your head was shaven , you were filthy , you stank .
Anyone seeing one of these escaping figures knew exactly who they were where they had come from .
The Nazis were searching with dogs , there were SS teams scouring the countryside .
It was an area that was already descending into guerrilla warfare , partisan warfare , it was covered with police , German troops , there were military installations , military convoys on the move very few friends .
NARRATOR : Vrba and Wetzler were careful , but they did make mistakes as they rushed to the border .
On their third day , they accidentally wandered into a town .
Trying to find their way out , they stumbled blindly down alleyways and back streets , risking discovery around every hidden corner .
Exhausted , starving and lost , they took a gamble and decided to ask for help .
It was a huge risk , but they got lucky .
They were welcomed by a peasant woman who agreed to assist them .
She gave them breakfast , and a place to sleep until dark .
After a brief rest , Vrba and Wetzler resumed their journey .
They were still less than half way to the Slovakian border .
It was n’t long before they had another mishap .
Hiking through a field , they stumbled upon a woman tending her crops .
Although suspicious , she eventually introduced them to a sympathetic Polish farmer , who offered to take them to the border and show them where they could cross to avoid Nazi sentries .
This final leg of the journey took two long days .
But eventually , the farmer brought them to a clearing near the border .
Vrba and Wetzler waited for a German patrol to pass , then quietly slipped into Slovakia .
On April 25th , 1944 , after 3 days in the woodpile , 15 days of walking , and more than 85 miles through occupied Poland , Vrba and Wetzler finally arrived at the headquarters of the Jewish Council in Zilina , Slovakia .
Not wanting to waste even a second , Vrba immediately began describing the atrocities that were taking place at Auschwitz .
The Council was horrified .
The resistance fighters new the Nazis were terrorizing Jewish communities , and deporting Jews to mysterious , heavily - guarded concentration camps .
There were even rumors that the conditions in these camps were appalling .
But few could imagine that the deported Jews were being exterminated en-mass .
George Klein was a junior secretary at the office of the Jewish Council in Budapest , Hungary .
GEORGE KLEIN : The Germans were very good at deception , and spreading out false information .
The Nazi ’s just said that they are being resettled , not even to camps but being given housing and occupations .
NARRATOR : Vrba and Wetzler revealed detail after detail about the systematic murder of hundreds of thousands of Jews .
But it began to dawn on them that their audience did n’t believe a word they were saying .
MARTIN GILBERT :
At first they were just astonished by the story , they could n’t believe it because what they are talking about is the death of some of there closest friends , relatives , fellow Slovaks
And if you try and think of it logically , how could it have been , how could five hundred people out of a thousand have been taken off and been gassed within a few hours , and their bodies cremated .
Under what system of oh , under what political structure , under what ideological system could that happen ?
GEORGE KLEIN : The Jewish community in Slovakia did n’t believe them at first because it was so unbelievable .
Killing is one thing , but to organize the killing to make it into a huge bureaucratic apparatus to organize the transport , to have everything streamlined that was so incredibly German efficiency , that people simply did n’t believe that it was possible .
NARRATOR : The skeptical council members decided to put the escapees ’ story to the test .
They retrieved records that named every Jew who had been deported from Slovakia .
Then , they asked Vrba to tell them the names of people he ’d been imprisoned with .
MARTIN GILBERT : He had this phenomenal memory , he memorized every transport , every train that came in , how many people were on it and how many of those people who were on it were immediately sent to the gas chamber .
NARRATOR : As Vrba recalled names , his audience sat stunned .
Their book had suddenly become a ghastly list of obituaries .
The people they had expected to return after the war , were already long - dead .
Finally convinced that Vrba and Wetzler were telling the truth , the Council asked them to dictate all they could remember about the Nazis ’ activities at Auschwitz .
As Vrba described every detail , he made sure they realized that the horrors were far from over .
He warned them that the Jews of Hungary would be next — that the camp had already been outfitted for their arrival .
DAVID CESERANI :
The process of writing the report translating the reports , getting the reports from Slovakia in the middle of a war , transmitted through friendly circles to the Vatican , via the Papal Nuncio in Slovakia , to Switzerland , to the Jewish Community in Switzerland so that it could be sent to the Red Cross , to the British to the American representatives in Switzerland , circulating it to people who needed to know – all of this took time .
NARRATOR : It was time the Jewish community in Hungary did n’t have .
A month earlier , the Nazis had occupied Hungary , and had immediately begun preparing for the deportations .
DAVID CESERANI : After the German Army had occupied Hungary the SS Moved in , a special SS commander , a team lead by Adolf Eichmann , a man who over the previous two and a half years had perfected the rounding up , the deportation of Jews from all over Europe to the death camps in Poland .
NARRATOR : Rudolph Kastner , leader of the Jewish Council in Budapest , understood the power that Eichmann wielded .
DAVID CESERANI :
They knew about the deportations from Poland and from Slovakia , they knew when the Germans demanded Jews they were not thinking of sending them to a holiday camp .
Tens of thousands of Hungarian men had already been rounded up and sent into so called labor battalions .
NARRATOR : But the Hungarian Jewish Council still could n’t accept the leap from deportations to extermination .
GEORGE KLEIN : Polish refugees found them really almost a haven in Hungary before the German occupation and they were telling us about extermination camps .
But the Hungarian Jews would n’t believe it .
Either they said it cannot be true or said well maybe its true for the Poles but it cannot happen to us .
NARRATOR : It was n’t until the Vrba / Wetzler report reached Hungary that the Jewish Council there finally realized all the rumors were true …
GEORGE KLEIN : I was a volunteer in the Jewish Council as a junior secretary to one of the members of the council .
And one day he said that a very important report has arrived that was written by two Slovak Jews , who has escaped from one of the major death camps alive .
My family was already deported when I was reading the report .
I knew that I ’m reading the fate of my beloved Grandmother and of my uncles , and I also , was quite clear about the fact that this is my fate .
There were just these two feelings : nausea , feeling like I had to vomit , but at the same time my brain was working and my brain was saying “ Look , you are looking at the truth .
And you always have to know the truth .
NARRATOR : George Klein was n’t the only one affected .
When Rudolf Kastner read the report , he was stunned .
But his next reaction was not what Vrba had been hoping for , and it proved to be one of the most tragic decisions in his country ’s history .
Kastner decided not to release the report to the Jews of Hungary .
He kept it secret , because he was afraid that if word of the report got out , it might ruin a deal his council was trying to make with the Nazis .
Hungarian Jewish council member , Joel Brand had met personally with Adolph Eichmann , and Eichmann had made Brand an extraordinary offer .
DAVID CESERANI :
And he says to Brand that I will allow a million Jews to go free in return for ten thousand trucks loaded with supplies .
NARRATOR : Eichmann 's deal sounded too good to be true , but Brand felt he had to pursue it .
He left Budapest to bring the offer to the British .
Their reaction to trading Hungarian Jews for trucks was not what Brand expected .
DAVID CESERANI : Brand in all innocence believing this is a real deal , tells the British about his mission , they see a grotesque trick to allow the Germans to claim they are negotiating with the British over the fate of Jews , that they ’re going to take delivery of trucks to use against the Russians .
The British and the Americans can see that this is a potential bombshell , and they want to have absolutely nothing to do with the Nazi deal .
NARRATOR : Brand ’s hopes were shattered .
But the deal was n’t what concerned Rudolph Vrba .
It was starting to look like all his efforts to warn Hungary ’s Jews had been in vain .
On May 15th , 1944 , Vrba found out that despite risking his life to tell the world what was happening at Auschwitz , despite his pages and pages of detailed accounts , the Hungarian deportations were beginning .
In his mind , he had failed at the only task that mattered to him .
Two days later , forty cattle wagons carrying as many as four thousand Hungarian Jews , arrived at Auschwitz .
There was no Family Camp or work detail for these arrivals .
The Nazis bypassed the selection process , and marched almost all the prisoners directly to the gas chambers .
GEORGE KLEIN : The extermination of 600,000 Hungarian Jews was the fastest campaign during the entire holocaust .
It went on with incredible speed so there was n’t much time for reflection .
NARRATOR : With so many bodies being gassed and cremated , a permanent death pall hung in the air .
YEHUDA BAUER :
When the Hungarian Jews came the gas chambers were too small really to murder such huge numbers of people coming all at the same time .
NARRATOR : Back in Zilina , Vrba and Wetzler were devastated .
They alone could picture every graphic image of what was happening to Hungary ’s Jews .
Fearful they would be recaptured , they fled to the Slovakian mountains .
MARTIN GILBERT : Vrba was a very angry man , because he became convinced that had his report been acted upon by the Jewish leadership in Budapest , they could have stopped hundreds of thousands of Hungarian Jews , from , as he would put it , from boarding the trains .
NARRATOR : Now in hiding , Vrba and Wetzler could do nothing more to help the Jews of Hungary .
Deeply depressed , Vrba confided in a childhood sweetheart .
GERTA SIDONOVA : When I met him again I really did n’t recognize him because he ’s changed so much .
His expression from a sort of friendly , cheerful young boy totally changed .
He told me everything .
He told me how the death factories in Auschwitz were organized .
He was very articulate about it and very um , precise about describing all the things that he has witnessed there .
NARRATOR : Meanwhile at Auschwitz , up to twelve thousand Hungarian Jews were being gassed each day .
In Budapest , Rudolf Kastner , the leader of the Jewish Council , was still hanging out hope that the Eichmann deal could succeed .
But the Allies wanted no part of it .
DAVID CESERANI : Kastner has heard nothing .
He ’s desperately trying to fool Eichmann into believing that the Allies are taking the offer of trucks for Jews seriously .
NARRATOR : The game of deception suited Eichmann perfectly .
The longer Kastner dragged out the ‘ negotiation , ’ the more Jews Eichmann could send to the gas chambers .
MARTIN GILBERT :
He knew that every day that these negotiations went on , another 12,000 Hungarian Jews were being murdered .
NARRATOR : Kastner , increasingly desperate to strike a deal , tried to convince Eichmann that he was making progress with the British and the Americans .
DAVID CESERANI :
He says to Eichmann look how are the allies going to be convinced if they see trains rolling every day to Auschwitz .
What you ’ve got to do is to free some Jews , what you ’ve got to do is to send a train to freedom .
Eventually in an extraordinary game of bluff and bargaining , Kastner manages to raise the number of Jews to be allowed to go to safety , as a gesture of goodwill , to over one thousand , six hundred .
YEHUDA BAUER :
It was a kind of Noah ’s Ark , Jews from quite different backgrounds were put on that train on purpose , violently anti Zionist , ultra - orthodox fanatics , and left wing Zionist youth members , and everything in between .
NARRATOR : But for the Jews who did n’t make Kastner ’s train to freedom , it was a hollow victory .
... and , the normal deportations to Auschwitz continued .
DAVID CESERANI :
Why did n’t they broadcast information about the report to the Jews to Hungary , and the answer I think is it was pointless .
The speed and ferocity of the German occupation , the speed of the round up and ghettoization , and then the ferocity with which the deportations were implemented , made any kind of response almost impossible to effect .
NARRATOR : Throughout Europe , Jewish resistance to the Nazis had already proved futile at stopping the deportations .
YEHUDA BAUER :
There was no way the Jews could resist a whole army , there was nothing they could do , nothing whatsoever .
NARRATOR : The Jews of Europe needed outside assistance , but by then , Vrba and Wetzler had all but given up hope that their report would ever trigger a coordinated Allied response .
Copies had been sent to the British , Americans and even the Pope , but nothing had happened .
Then , in June of 1944 , a copy of the report made its way to British Intelligence .
It confirmed growing Allied suspicions that the Nazis were murdering millions of Jews .
The document was immediately forwarded to top British and American officials .
On June 15th , the BBC broadcast the horrific details of the report .
Five days later , extracts were published in the New York Times .
The Nazi secret was finally out .
America ’s first official response was to threaten reprisals against anyone involved in the Hungarian deportations .
The Vatican added the Pope ’s condemnation .
But despite the Allied pressure , Admiral Horthy , the Hungarian head of state and puppet to Hitler , allowed the deportations to continue .
On July 2nd , the US Air Force attacked Budapest , raining bombs on the Hungarian capital .
Horthy believed the raid was punishment for his refusal to stop the deportations .
But in fact , the timing was a complete coincidence .
MARTIN GILBERT : Quite by chance , by sheer accident of history , the Americans bombed Budapest , and the Hungarian region Admiral Horthy , in a panic said this deportation has to stop .
NARRATOR : The trains ground to a halt .
More than three hundred thousand Hungarian Jews had already been sent to the gas chambers , but a hundred and twenty thousand others had just been saved .
Seventy five times more than the number rescued by Rudolph Kastner ’s freedom train .
MARTIN GILBERT : Vrba ’s work , had had this amazing rescue aspect , had saved all those lives .
The largest single rescue of Jews in the 2nd world war .
GEORGE KLEIN : I think he has achieved with this report all and more than was possible to achieve .
I think he saved my live and the life of others who knew about the report .
NARRATOR : Vrba and Wetzler continued their efforts .
They joined the Czechoslovak partisan resistance and fought the Nazis until the end of the war .
As the Americans , British and Russians advanced on Germany from all sides , the Nazi reign of terror began to collapse .
The Russians moved into Poland , and on January 27th , 1945 , they liberated Auschwitz .
By then , the Nazis had killed an estimated one and a half million people there , in less than five years .
After the war , Rudolf Kastner moved to Israel .
But his negotiations with Eichmann were never forgotten , and he was accused of collaborating with the Nazis .
DAVID CESERANI : Opinion about Kastner was bitterly divided .
Naturally those who’d got out on the train he organized , worshipped him , he ’d saved their lives .
Those who had been rounded up in the provinces , who felt they ’d been let down by the Jewish leadership in Budapest , they regarded him as little better than a traitor , someone who negotiated with the Nazis , who had saved a chosen few , and abandoned them .
NARRATOR : Kastner defended his controversial attempts to save Hungarian Jews and eventually sued for libel .
The trial that followed was highly political and Kastner lost .
But as he waited for an appeal , Zeev Eckstein , a Holocaust survivor and possible Israeli secret agent , took justice into his own hands .
On March 3rd , 1957 , he assassinated Kastner on a Tel Aviv street .
MARTIN GILBERT : Bizarrely Kastner saved about the same number of Jews as Oscar Schindler saved .
But it was always alleged that he ’d , was helping friends escape knowing that everybody else was being murdered , whereas the truth was that he was testing Eichmann 's promise , in the belief that the few who were being saved that week were just the tip of the iceberg of the hundreds of thousands who were in fact going to be saved as soon as the Gestapo Allied deal was clinched .
DAVID CESERANI :
And to this day he remains an extraordinarily divisive figure , those who regard him as a hero who bargained with the devil , and some who regard him as a traitor who sold his soul to the devil .
NARRATOR : Fred Wetzler stayed in Slovakia .
He married a fellow survivor from Auschwitz , and became a journalist and newspaper editor .
Rudolf Vrba married his childhood sweetheart , Gerta Sidonova .
He moved to Canada , where he became an associate professor of pharmacology at the University of British Columbia .
GEORGE KLEIN : He was not somebody who was complaining or crying about what has happened , or being full of regrets and the only real regret he had was that he could not save more people .
MARTIN GILBERT : Vrba was the figure without whom none of this could have come to pass .
Vrba was the thread if you like which ran through this extraordinary story of deception and rescue .
NARRATOR : Fred Wetzler died in 1988 .
Rudolf Vrba passed away in 2006 .
ON SCREEN : This film is dedicated to the courage and heroism of Fred Wetzler and Rudolph Vrba .
END
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
October 30 , 2009
Are you in the market for a patriotic tattoo , maybe the Gadsden flag ?
Forget about it .
Unless you want the local tattoo artist to inform on you .
[ efoods ]
The FBI , in league with the Bureau of Justice Assistance ( part of the Department of Justice ) , has launched a program that harks back to East Germany ’s Stasi .
In Philadelphia , the FBI has instructed tattoo shops to rat out their customers if they demand privacy , insist on paying with cash , engage in “ suspicious behavior , ” make “ anti- US ” comments , or request tattoos that are “ extremist symbols . ”
According to the MIAC report , the Gadsden flag is a “ militia symbol . ”
The Department of Homeland Security ’s Rightwing Extremism : Current Economic and Political Climate Fueling Resurgence in Radicalization and Recruitment report characterizes militias as “ white supremacists , ” domestic terrorists and a threat to the president .
MIAC is part of the federal “ fusion ” effort now underway around the country .
It is not merely “ extremist symbols . ”
In addition , the FBI literature instructs tattoo shops to be on the look - out for people who change hair color , style of dress , or shave beards between visits .
Suspicious people also include those with missing fingers or hands , chemical burns , strange orders or bright colored stains on clothing .
Read the handout below for more absurd “ extremist ” indicators according to the FBI .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
It 's Detroit 's time .
Scandal - plagued ex-Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick has hip - hopped to Texas .
His replacement , successful businessman and former pro basketball star Dave Bing , is taking the tough , unpopular , but long - overdue steps of restoring fiscal and moral integrity to city government .
Robert Bobb , the steely Detroit Public Schools emergency financial manager , has stunned folks here with his take - no - prisoners approach to rooting out corruption and setting the stage for actual learning in Michigan 's largest school district .
Even the much - ridiculed Detroit City Council is showing signs of competence .
And Time Inc. , part of Time Warner , one of the most powerful media companies on the planet , will chronicle the city 's story over the next year from a home it purchased in the city 's eclectic West Village near downtown .
Why does any of this matter ?
Oh , I know .
Many of us have written off this city as a cesspool of hopeless crime , illiteracy and sleaze .
Elected officials in Lansing have treated Detroit mostly with indifference .
Detroit Renaissance , a powerful group of business leaders , has shifted its revitalization efforts away from the city and is pushing for state government reforms .
But Detroit is still by far the largest city in the state .
And it 's the center of a metropolitan area that is home to nearly half of Michigan 's residents .
The growth and energy of the city in the first half of the 20th century drove much of the state 's economy .
Its decline since then is a major reason why Michigan has fallen from being one of the wealthiest states in the country to one that could become among the poorest unless trends are reversed .
Time Inc. , which publishes Time , Fortune , Money , Sports Illustrated and other magazines , sees Detroit in an even broader , more critical context .
" From urban planning to the crisis of manufacturing , from the lingering role of race and class in our society to the struggle for better health care and education , it 's all happening at its most extreme in the Motor City , " Time Inc. Editor - in - Chief John Huey wrote in the Oct. 5 issue .
Time Inc.'s year - long " Assignment Detroit " also is drawing lots of attention to the city from other national media outlets , including the Wall Street Journal , the New York Times and National Public Radio .
Much of the coverage so far plows familiar ground to those of us who live in the region .
But Time Inc. has given Detroit and Michigan a rare opportunity to change the conversation about a city and state that others view as way past their prime .
City officials , state policymakers and business leaders have the power to demonstrate over the next year that Detroit can rise again and that Michigan has the will to reinvent itself after the auto industry debacle .
Time Inc. is here to tell the world those stories -- for free .
Wasting that opportunity would be a tragedy .
E-mail Rick Haglund : rhaglund@boothmichigan.com
Indigenous natives in the Amazon are headed to the town of Salvacion in Peru with a plan to forcibly remove the Texas - based Hunt Oil company from their land as early as today .
Peruvian police forces , numbering in the hundreds , are said to be waiting in the town .
The crisis has risen over an area known as Lot 76 , or the Amarakaeri Communal Reserve .
The 400,000 hectare reserve was created in 2002 to protect the flora and fauna of the area , as well as to safeguard watersheds of particular importance to indigenous groups in the region .
Despite its protected status , in 2006 the Peruvian government granted concessions within the reserve to two oil companies , Hunt Oil and the Spanish company Repsol .
According to FENAMAD ( the Native Federation of the Madre de Dios ) protections had been slowly and systematically stripped from the reserve without indigenous groups ’ input .
In addition , FENADMAD contends that Hunt Oil has violated international standards and the Peruvian constitution by going ahead with their operations without approval from the indigenous groups .
Rainforest in Peru. Photo by : Rhett A. Butler .
Hunt ’s director of environmental health and safety for Lot 76 , Silvana Lay , disagrees .
He told the Indian Country Today that “ we were n’t going to come in until the Master Plan was approved .
We waited two years , and during that period we met with the communities and gave information .
We have the signatories of everybody saying the work can go ahead – within the rules , of course .
And then we received a call saying the work cannot go ahead . ”
However , indigenous groups say that Hunt Oil only met with two communities : the Shintuya and the Puerto Luz , leaving others who use the reserve out in the cold .
A document written by FENAMAD further alleges that the Environmental and Social Impact Study conducted by Hunt Oil and approved by the federal government is “ completely irresponsible and [ does ] not describe any reality for the area .
It was approved illegally and unconstitutionally , in spite of the observations made by a group of professionals from civil society in Madre de Dios . ”
On September 13th of this year representatives of indigenous groups released a statement that said “ the entry of Hunt Oil and Respol into the interior of the Amarakaeri Communal Reserve to execute seismic projects is not accepted , a decision that will be respected by the Peruvian State , Hunt Oil and Repsol , who have been present witnesses to this decision . ”
However , Hunt Oil has continued its seismic surveys inside the reserve .
It is their unwillingness to halt activities that has prompted the indigenous groups to travel to Salvacion and , according to statements made by the indigenous groups , forcibly remove the US - corporation from their land .
“ The most vulnerable ecological and cultural areas are now being invaded by seismic lines , whose impacts are irreparable .
The area of intervention is one of very high biological value from a worldwide perspective and its surface and underground hydrological system have great cultural significance for the Harakmbut , which makes this a vital space for the subsistence of not only the indigenous communities , but the greater population of the Amazon Basin , ” the document by FENAMAD states .
“ For that reason , all of the beneficiary communities of the RCA have taken the position of impeding the entrance into the oil block and defending the protected area with their lives . ”
FENAMAD ’s statement may be a portent : in June a clash between native peoples and Peruvian police over exploitation of the Amazon turned bloody .
Thousands of indigenous people blocked roads to protest new rule changes that made it easier for foreign companies to extract oil , gas , minerals , and timber from the Peruvian Amazon , including tribal lands .
During the ensuing clash , twenty - three police were killed and at least ten protestors , according to official numbers .
Indigenous groups , however , say that hundreds remain missing and have asked for a Truth Commission to investigate the tragic incident .
Related articles
Heavy oil pollution remains in Amazon , despite company claiming clean - up is finished
( 09/17/2009 )
A new report shows that the Corrientes region of the Peruvian Amazon , which suffered decades of toxic contamination by Occidental Petroleum ( OXY ) , is far from being cleaned - up .
The survey , conducted by US non-profit E - Tech International , found that heavy metals , volatile organic compounds , and hydrocarbons still exist at levels above the safety limits set by Peru and continue to threaten the Achuar indigenous community , who have long fought against the oil companies .
Oil road transforms indigenous nomadic hunters into commercial poachers in the Ecuadorian Amazon
( 09/13/2009 )
The documentary Crude opened this weekend in New York , while the film shows the direct impact of the oil industry on indigenous groups a new study proves that the presence of oil companies can have subtler , but still major impacts , on indigenous groups and the ecosystems in which they live .
In Ecuador ’s Yasuni National Park — comprising 982,000 hectares of what the researchers call “ one of the most species diverse forests in the world ” — the presence of an oil company has disrupted the lives of the Waorani and the Kichwa peoples , and the rich abundance of wildlife living within the forest .
Police face murder charges in killing of indigenous protesters in Peru
( 08/16/2009 ) A federal prosecutor in Peru filed murder charges against two police generals and 15 other officers over the deaths of indigenous protesters at a roadblock in June , reports the Associated Press .
The Indians were protesting new rules that would have made it easier for foreign developers to exploit oil and gas , timber , and minerals in Peru ’s Amazon rainforest .
The skirmish left 23 police and at least ten protesters dead .
Peru to proceed with oil and gas auctions in the Amazon despite indigenous protests
( 08/07/2009 ) Despite violent protests by indigenous groups over plans to expand oil and gas exploration in the Peru ’s Amazon rainforest , energy investments in the South American country are expected to increase to $ 1.5 billion in both 2009 and 2010 , reports Reuters .
Peru to raise payment to indigenous communities for Amazon forest conservation
( 08/03/2009 ) Peru ’s environment minister now says the government will pay indigenous communities 10 sols ( $ 3.30 ) for every hectare of rainforest they help to preserve , reports the Latin American Herald .
Previously Antonio Brack said that communities would see about half that amount .
The $ 3.30 - per- hectare figure is low by international standards .
Under a proposed mechanism that compensates countries for reducing deforestation ( REDD ) , forest land could be worth $ 800 or more per hectare for its carbon ( 225 tons of carbon / ha ) , depending on its level of threat .
Forests in areas of high deforestation would be compensated at a higher rate than inaccessible forests at low - risk of development .
But Brack left open the possibility that communities could receive higher payment if parties agree to include REDD compensation in a future climate framework .
Weeks after bloodshed , American oil moves into Peruvian Amazon , putting rainforest , possible archeological site at risk
( 08/03/2009 ) Barely six weeks after a dozen Amazon natives were gunned down by the Peruvian Army in the oil town of Bagua for protesting the cozy relationship between Big Oil and the government of President Alan Garcia , I find myself on the banks of the Mother of God River in Salvacion , Peru , wondering if all those folks died in vain .
Any day now , the bulldozers will be moving in as Texas - based Hunt Oil Company – with the full go - ahead of the Peruvian government — fires its first salvo in its assault against the million - acre pristine rainforest wilderness of the little - known and largely unexplored Amarakaeri Communal Reserve .
Peru revokes decrees that sparked Amazon Indian uprising
( 06/19/2009 ) Peru ’s Congress revoked two controversial land laws that sparked violent conflicts between indigenous protesters and police in the country ’s Amazon region .
The move temporarily defuses a two - week crisis , with protesters agreeing to stand down by removing blockades from roads and rivers .
Congress voted 82 - 14 Thursday to overturn legislative decrees 1090 and 1064 , which would have facilitated foreign development of Amazon land .
Indigenous groups said the decrees threatened millions of hectares of Amazon rainforest and undermined their traditional land use rights .
Peru suspends decree that triggered bloody conflict between Indians and police
( 06/11/2009 ) Peruvian lawmakers yesterday suspended a controversial decree that contributed to a bloody conflict between police and indigenous protesters in the country ’s Amazon region , reports the AFP .
Oil or Death in the Amazon
( 06/06/2009 )
More than 70 % of the Peruvian Amazon has been allocated for oil and gas extraction , and the current government of Alan Garcia has been pushing for more .
Unfortunately , as usual , these policies are promoted by and only benefit a handful of people , but negatively impact the lives of many .
However , Garcia ’s government did not foresee the potential consequences of their actions .
Peruvian police kill 10 Indians in battle over Amazon oil drilling
( 06/06/2009 )
At least 30 are dead following a clash between police and Indians protesting oil development in Peru ’s Amazon region .
Peru may take military action against Indians protesting Amazon energy development
( 05/19/2009 ) Indigenous protesters have stepped up demonstrations over the Peruvian government ’s moves to support energy development in the Amazon rainforest , reports Reuters .
Amoebas : Being a single - cell organism can be tough .
As if having little or no prospects in life was n't enough , you have to live with the constant threat of being consumed by other primitive beings !
Fight for your life , absorb your enemies !
Crush them and win !
But you are a different type of aimless amoeba ...
Try and stay alive for as long as you can in this game .
Use your size to your advantage by consuming amoebas smaller than you to increase your own size .
Be more than just algae ... reach for the surface !
Let the action begin !
KABUL --
The future of the war in Afghanistan was on the line as Gen. Stanley McChrystal met with Defense Secretary Robert Gates in a secret rendezvous at a Belgian airbase in August .
Gen. McChrystal , the top Western commander in Afghanistan , pushed for more U.S. troops to roll back the spreading Taliban - led insurgency .
Mr. Gates , officials say , was skeptical .
A ...
The couple posed for photos at the wedding celebrations Hundreds of people have attended a wedding in central Somalia between a man who says he is 112 years old , and his teenage wife .
Ahmed Muhamed Dore - who already has 13 children by five wives - said he would like to have more with his new wife , Safia Abdulleh , who is 17 years old .
" Today God helped me realise my dream , " Mr Dore said , after the wedding in the region of Galguduud .
The bride 's family said she was " happy with her new husband " .
Mr Dore said he and his bride - who is young enough to be his great - great - grand - daughter - were from the same village in Somalia and that he had waited for her to grow up to propose .
" I did n't force her , but used my experience to convince her of my love ; and then we agreed to marry , " the groom said .
Goat - skin documents
The BBC's Mohammed Olad Hassan in Mogadishu says the marriage , in the town of Guriceel , is being described by Somali historians as the first of its kind in the Horn of Africa nation for more than a century .
Our reporter says reaction to news of the marriage has been mixed .
Some people said while it was allowed under Islamic law , they were concerned about the age gap , but others were happy that age was not a barrier to love .
Mr Dore told the BBC he was born in Dhusamareeb in central Somalia in 1897 - and has a traditional birth certificate , written on goat skin by his father .
Our correspondent says he has an interesting history - in 1941 he joined the British colonial forces as a soldier for 10 years and then served as a police officer after Somalia won independence in 1960 .
Altogether , Mr Dore has 114 children and grandchildren .
His oldest son is 80 years old and three of his wives have died .
He says he hopes his new bride will give him more children .
" It is a blessing to have someone you love to take care of you , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
LOS ANGELES , California ( CNN ) --
Watching the Dave Matthews Band moments before they take the stage is like watching a football team bursting out of the locker room before a big game .
Dave Matthews says he bellieves strongly in the power of community .
They slap hands .
Bump fists .
Jump up and down , exclaiming " Feel the love , feel the love ! "
The energy in the air is electric .
And when they walk out on stage , the energy explodes into thousands of shining faces .
People dance in the aisles .
Others sing every word to every song .
A few share funny cigarettes .
For more than three hours , the jubilant atmosphere creates a sense of community between an amphitheater filled with strangers and the ethnically diverse musicians leading the charge on stage .
But then DMB is all about community -- creating its own and giving back .
BAMA Works Fund -- the group 's charitable foundation -- has handed out $ 5 million in grants to worthy causes , including schools and victims of Hurricane Katrina .
Watch Matthews sound off on the album -- and racism »
And despite the unexpected passing of saxophonist LeRoi Moore due to complications from an ATV accident last summer , the band members seem to be recharged .
In June , DMB notched its fifth consecutive No. 1 album on the Billboard chart with " Big Whiskey and the GrooGrux King . "
We caught up with Matthews just as news hit the Web that former President Jimmy Carter believed racism was the root of some of the negativity directed toward President Obama in recent weeks .
The 42 - year - old singer - songwriter offered a unique perspective , as a man who split his childhood between the United States and South Africa during apartheid .
The following is an edited version of the interview .
CNN : President Carter said he thinks that a lot of the animosity directed toward President Obama is race related .
Dave Matthews :
Of course it is !
I found there 's a fairly blatant racism in America that 's already there , and I do n't think I noticed it when I lived here as a kid .
But when I went back to South Africa , and then it 's sort of thrust in your face , and then came back here -- I just see it everywhere .
There 's a good population of people in this country that are terrified of the president only because he 's black , even if they do n't say it .
And I think a lot of them , behind closed doors , do say it .
Maybe I 'm paranoid about it , but I do n't think someone who disagreed as strongly as they do with Obama -- if it was Clinton -- would have stood up and screamed at him during his speech .
( Shakes his head ) I do n't think so .
CNN : Everything has gone to such a frenzied pitch .
Matthews : I think a lot of it has to be on the press .
We give the podium to a lot of people who should n't have the podium .
The message that 's delivered the loudest and in the most entertaining way is the one that we 're going to put on because that 's what we want .
We want ratings more than we want to deliver information .
That 's just where the culture 's gotten .
There 's no way that Walter Cronkite , as a young journalist , no way Ed Murrow would be hired to do news today .
Not a chance .
CNN : Because they 're too low - key ?
Because they 're not bombastic ?
Matthews :
Because they 're thoughtful , and they 're patient , and they 're tying to tell you a truly balanced story .
They 're trying to impart information .
I do n't think that 's the goal [ now ] because it 's not a good business plan .
...
Everyone 's outraged all the time .
Why are you outraged ?
There 's war -- there 's always been war , as long as most of us have been alive .
There have always been people being abused , there 's always been horrible things in the world .
Why are we outraged ?
We should just be quiet and figure it out , and work it out together .
...
There 's no solution in Washington as long as people are shouting like that .
CNN : Before you went on stage at the Greek Theatre ( in Los Angeles ) , we were talking to the crew -- and they could n't wait to tell us how well they 're treated by the Dave Matthews organization .
...
It 's like your own minicommunity out there .
You even print your own tickets , right ?
Matthews :
We have kept everything in - house .
The core crew guys are the same guys we had when we were driving in a van , so they can always call " bull " on us if we start acting like prima donnas .
It keeps a sense of community going when you travel a lot .
There 's a good vibe .
...
I have friends who are famous , and friends that are not famous -- but there are those who stick out to me .
Willie Nelson is one -- a really genuine person -- or Neil Young .
Adam Sandler ... people who really try and keep a sense of unity , and camaraderie and equality around them .
That 's essential .
That 's it for me .
I do n't think socialism , and I do n't think warmness and respect are necessarily bad words .
CNN : Do you think you 're competitive ?
A perfectionist ?
Matthews : I 'm a very vicious critic of myself .
CNN : So what do you think of this record ( " Big Whiskey and the GrooGrux King " ) ?
Matthews : I think that 's a really good record .
( Laugh )
Our first three records were really good .
We made good records after those first three -- really good records -- but I do n't think they were necessarily the spirit of the band .
I think this is the greatest record that we 've ever made , and it captures the band like none of our records have .
...
CNN : Before this album , were n't you burned out a little bit ?
Matthews : I insisted upon taking as much time to make this as I needed .
And my manager would call -- my manager who I love , who 's a dear friend of mine -- he 'd call and say , " Are you going to have it finished by the summer ? "
" No . " " Are you going to have it finished by Christmas ? " " No . "
I practiced " no . "
I need to work on " no " still , but I got better at it .
CNN : What other tricks do you have up your sleeve ?
Matthews : I want to figure out a way to not be stupid with money , then make a whole bunch of it , then I want to move to Outer Mongolia .
I want to milk a yak .
Maybe I 'll just settle for a cow .
Can you milk a bison ?
I have fantasies about being a farmer .
I always wanted to be a fireman , but who did n't want to be a fireman ?
I just would n't tell anyone .
I 'd just go " poof ! " Sometimes I like that idea .
CNN : You do n't tell people about a lot of things you do .
There 's no press release that goes out saying , " Dave Matthews Band just donated $ 5 million to this cause or that cause . "
Matthews :
We definitely use our fame and our celebrity to raise money for things we care about .
...
What a luxury to be able to just do a show , and then look -- pow ! ...
I do n't want to become a poster child .
That 's a whole different thing .
I do n't want to be the face on it .
Henry Hyde , chair of the House of Representatives ' Judiciary Committee , has admitted to carrying on a five - year relationship with a younger married woman 30 years ago .
Henry Hyde , then 41 - years - old and married , was a lawyer and rising star in Republican state politics .
When asked , he described the relationship as a " youthful indiscretion " and labelled the allegations as an attempt to intimidate him .
The affair
The story broke when Salon , a politically influential San Francisco - based Internet magazine , published a story chartering Mr Hyde 's affair with Cherie Snodgrass , a former beautician .
The headline read :
This hypocrite broke up my family , The secret affair of Henry Hyde , the man who will judge President Clinton .
According to the article , Mr Hyde 's relationship with Mrs Snodgrass , who had three small children , lasted from 1965 to 1969 .
Henry
Hyde released the following statement : " Suffice it to say Cherie Snodgrass and I were good friends a long , long time ago .
After Mr Snodgrass confronted my wife , the friendship ended and my marriage remained intact . "
" The only purpose for this being dredged up now is an obvious attempt to intimidate me and it wo n't work .
I intend to fulfil my constitutional duty . "
Fred Snodgrass , a 76 - year - old Florida retiree , and Cherie Snodgrass 's former husband said Henry Hyde was a " hypocrite " who broke up his family .
Republicans defend Hyde
The House Majority Whip Tom DeLay , a Republican , reacted to the story saying , " It is sad that the president 's attack dogs do n't know the difference between breaking the law and making a mistake decades ago . "
" Nobody doubts the credibility of Henry Hyde .
Nobody doubts his sense of fairness and his sense of honor , " he added .
In an editorial accompanying the story , Salon Magazine , a self - proclaimed " outspoken critic of Kenneth Starr 's investigation " , insisted that publishing the piece was not a " pro-Clinton " gesture .
The editorial went on to suggest that in the " brave new world " created by the Clinton - Lewinsky scandal , private lives of public figures are no longer off limits .
Revelations about other Congressmen and women were predicted .
Almost as soon as he received the Starr report , Mr Hyde warned fellow committee members that the president 's supporters might try to dig up dirt on them .
He called it a " scorched earth " policy - suggesting that members of Congress sitting in judgement on the president will themselves be judged .
Homebrew beer kits make great gifts for the aspiring home brewer , whether experienced or just starting out .
This is because no matter what the experience level of the brewer , homebrew kits still contain all of the ingredients necessary to brew beer .
It is important , however , to discover the brewer ’s favorite type of beer – this is the type of homebrew kit you should buy them .
There are also quite a large number of homebrew kits that are made up of supplies and tools for home brewing , but do not contain the ingredients .
Some kits have some supplies , and some ingredients .
There are a lot of kits on the market , so let ’s look at them .
First , we will look at beer ingredient kits .
There are basically three categories of these kits – malt extract kits , extract / malt kits , and all grain kits .
Malt extract kits are ideal for the beginning home brewer , as they are easier to make .
These kits cut out the technical problem of getting the grains to mash properly .
The mash is the process by which the starches within the grains are converted into sugars , which the yeast devour to make alcohol .
Usually these kits are tailored to the most basic types of beer making – pale ales , porters , stouts , red ales , brown ales – really fundamental types of beers .
Extract and malt kits encourage the intermediate home brewer to experiment with mashing the grains , but also provide the sweet malt extract that ensures a good beer will be made .
We see the range of beers opening up here a bit ; with the more subtle flavors supplied by the mashing if specialty malts , a more exact palate of flavors can be opened up .
All grain brewing kits are for the dedicated home brewer .
These homebrew kits require a knowledge of how to mash and sparge grains properly .
The result is an exacting beer in which a variety of grains are brought together for a precision tasting beer .
Specialty ales such as Scottish ales , IPAs and Barley wines are offered with these kits .
All of these kits can come with varying amount of equipment .
Usually , homebrew kits do not come with priming sugar for the bottling process , or with bottle caps , unless you get a larger , premium kit .
If you get a smaller kit , it will be a good idea to acquire some priming sugar and bottle caps to go with it , especially if it is a gift .
Some home brew kits come with a bag in which to ferment the beer .
These kits are ideal for someone who is interested in home brewing , but has not acquired much home brewing equipment yet .
Brew bag kits offer a way to make beer at home without a carboy , the five to six gallon glass jar that most home brewers brew into .
Homebrew kits are often put together by brew stores , so sometimes visiting your local brew store is a good place to start .
If you do not have a home brew store in your town , you can acquire some excellent home brew kits from HomeBrewing.com ( see www.homebrewing.com).
They have some excellent home brew kits , including starter kits , which come with fermenting vessels , bottle brush , and other useful tools .
Home brew kits make great gifts , but keep in mind that you should buy the right kind for the right brewer .
Find out what your home brewer ’s favorite beer is , and inquire about how long they have been home brewing and what kind of brewing they are doing – malt extract , partial grain , or all grain .
Then , you can customize your gift accordingly .
Enable deeper cross-functional teamwork
Cacoo is n’t just for designers or developers — it ’s for every collaborator working together to build something .
Whether your teammates work with images , data , notes , or charts , everyone can add their ideas into Cacoo .
Colleen sez , " Gourmet magazine goes political ?
In this interesting and horrible piece , the author investigates modern slavery among immigrant workers in Florida . "
For two and a half years , beginning in April 2005 , Mariano Lucas Domingo , along with several other men , was held as a slave at that address .
At first , the deal must have seemed reasonable .
Lucas , a Guatemalan in his thirties , had slipped across the border to make money to send home for the care of an ailing parent .
He expected to earn about $ 200 a week in the fields .
Cesar Navarrete , then a 23 - year - old illegal immigrant from Mexico , agreed to provide room and board at his family 's home on South Seventh Street and extend credit to cover the periods when there were no tomatoes to pick .
Lucas 's " room " turned out to be the back of a box truck in the junk - strewn yard , shared with two or three other workers .
It lacked running water and a toilet , so occupants urinated and defecated in a corner .
For that , Navarrete docked Lucas 's pay by $ 20 a week .
According to court papers , he also charged Lucas for two meager meals a day : eggs , beans , rice , tortillas , and , occasionally , some sort of meat .
Cold showers from a garden hose in the backyard were $ 5 each .
Everything had a price .
Lucas was soon $ 300 in debt .
After a month of ten - hour workdays , he figured he should have paid that debt off .
But when Lucas–slightly built and standing less than five and a half feet tall –inquired about the balance , Navarrete threatened to beat him should he ever try to leave .
Instead of providing an accounting , Navarrete took Lucas 's paychecks , cashed them , and randomly doled out pocket money , $ 20 some weeks , other weeks $ 50 .
Over the years , Navarrete and members of his extended family deprived Lucas of $ 55,000 .
Taking a day off was not an option .
If Lucas became ill or was too exhausted to work , he was kicked in the head , beaten , and locked in the back of the truck .
Other members of Navarrete 's dozen - man crew were slashed with knives , tied to posts , and shackled in chains .
On November 18 , 2007 , Lucas was again locked inside the truck .
As dawn broke , he noticed a faint light shining through a hole in the roof .
Jumping up , he secured a hand hold and punched himself through .
He was free .
We ’ve all seen trees that grow in the direction of sunlight or away from other trees , but here are a few that have really gone out of their way to claim their rightful space .
A tree is a perennial woody plant .
It is most often defined as a woody plant that has many secondary branches supported clear of the ground on a single main stem or trunk with clear apical dominance .
A minimum height specification at maturity is cited by some authors , varying from 3 m to 6 m ; some authors set a minimum of 10 cm trunk diameter ( 30 cm girth ) .
Woody plants that do not meet these definitions by having multiple stems and / or small size , are called shrubs .
Compared with most other plants , trees are long - lived , some reaching several thousand years old and growing to up to 115 m ( 379 ft ) high .
Trees are an important component of the natural landscape because of their prevention of erosion and the provision of a weather - sheltered ecosystem in and under their foliage .
They also play an important role in producing oxygen and reducing carbon dioxide in the atmosphere , as well as moderating ground temperatures .
They are also elements in landscaping and agriculture , both for their aesthetic appeal and their orchard crops ( such as apples ) .
Wood from trees is a building material , as well as a primary energy source in many developing countries .
Trees also play a role in many of the world ’s mythologies ( see trees in mythology ) .
It is an interesting phenomenon that one particular accessory can so define an era and an individual the way the original Porsche Design shades did for Yoko Ono .
Maybe that was a little over the top , but starting in 1979 and all through the mid-eighties , these shades were worn so much by Yoko Ono that they became widely known as the Yoko Ono sunglasses .
This look graced the cover of albums , magazines ( like the Rolling Stones ) and at press conferences .
These re-released Porsche Design P’8479 sunglasses are updated with Beta - Titanium , a new material used in space travel that is both lightweight and flexible .
The visible screws running along the outsides of the frame make for futuristic yet retro look , like Mad Max meets Giselle .
Source : Porsche Design
The maker of Taser stun guns is advising police officers to avoid shooting suspects in the chest with the 50,000 - volt weapon , saying that it could pose an extremely low risk of an " adverse cardiac event . "
The advisory , issued in an Oct. 12 training bulletin , is the first time that Taser International has suggested there is any risk of a cardiac arrest related to the discharge of its stun gun .
But Taser officials said Tuesday that the bulletin does not state that Tasers can cause cardiac arrest .
They said the advisory means only that law - enforcement agencies can avoid controversy over the subject if their officers aim at areas other than the chest .
The recommendation could raise questions about whether police officers will find it more difficult to accurately direct the probes emitted by a Taser gun at a recommended body area in order to subdue a suspect .
Taser officials say the change wo n't hinder officers ' ability to use Tasers .
In a memo accompanying the bulletin , Taser officials point out that officers can still shoot the guns at a suspect 's chest , if needed .
Police departments across the United States and in Canada and Australia reacted immediately to the bulletin , with some ordering officers to follow Taser 's instructions and begin aiming at the abdomen , legs or back of a suspect .
Officials with the Phoenix Police Department , one of the first in the country to arm all its officers with Tasers , said Tuesday that the new guidelines are being adopted by trainers who are reviewing departmental policy for possible changes .
Critics , including civil - rights lawyers and human - rights advocates , called the training bulletin an admission by Taser that its guns could cause cardiac arrest .
They called it a stunning reversal for the company , which for years has maintained that the gun was incapable of inducing a cardiac arrest .
Scottsdale - based Taser insisted that the revision admitted no risk of cardiac arrest and served only as risk - management advice for law enforcement .
In the past , Taser has cautioned that use of its stun gun involves risk inherent in police - suspect conflicts , including the risk that suspects fall after being struck by a Taser .
" Taser has long stood by the fact that our technology is not risk - free and is often used during violent and dangerous confrontations , " Taser Vice President Steve Tuttle said in an e-mail .
" We have not stated that the Taser causes ( cardiac ) events in this bulletin , only that the refined target zones avoid any potential controversy on this topic . "
Taser 's training bulletin states that " the risk of an adverse cardiac event related to a Taser .
.. discharge is deemed to be extremely low . "
However , the bulletin says , it is impossible to predict human reactions when a combination of drug use or underlying cardiac or other medical conditions are involved .
" Should sudden cardiac arrest occur in a scenario involving a Taser discharge to the chest area , it would place the law - enforcement agency , the officer and Taser International in the difficult situation of trying to ascertain what role , if any , the Taser .
.. could have played , " the bulletin says .
The bulletin recommends that when aiming at the front of a suspect , the best target for officers is the major muscles of the pelvic area or thigh region .
" Back shots remain the preferred area when practical , " it says .
For years ,
Taser officials have said in interviews , court cases and government hearings that the stun gun is incapable of inducing ventricular fibrillation , the chaotic heart rhythm characteristic of a heart attack .
The guns are used by more than 12,000 police agencies across the country , including every major law - enforcement agency in the Valley .
Many authorities credit the weapon with preventing deaths and injuries to officers and suspects .
Advocacy groups such as Amnesty International allege that Taser guns are often used by police as a compliance tool on unarmed individuals who pose no deadly threat , who are drunk or on drugs and simply quarrel with officers .
Mark Silverstein , legal director of the Colorado American Civil Liberties Union , who has tracked Taser issues for years , said the bulletin means that police departments should now be asking questions about liability and reconsider how the stun gun is used .
" This is further evidence that law - enforcement agencies need to stop and ask if they have been sold a bill of goods , " he said .
" This ( training ) bulletin confirms what critics have said for years : that Taser has overstated its safety claims .. .. ( It ) has to be read as if Tasers can cause cardiac arrest . "
Since 2001 , there have been more than 400 deaths following police Taser strikes in the United States and 26 in Canada .
Medical examiners have ruled that a Taser was a cause , contributing factor or could not be ruled out in more than 30 of those deaths .
The training bulletin is drawing significant attention in Canada , where controversy erupted after the 2007 death of a Polish immigrant at Vancouver International Airport .
The man stopped breathing after being shocked five times by Royal Canadian Mounted Police officers .
A Canadian government investigation in July concluded that Taser stun guns can cause death , spurring law - enforcement agencies across the country to put severe new restrictions on how and when police there can use the weapons .
In view of Taser 's bulletin , the Mounties revised policies to urge officers to avoid firing at suspects ' chests .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Yesterday at the CTIA Wireless IT & Entertainment 2009 conference , both FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski and AT&T Mobility CEO Ralph de la Vega gave keynote addresses .
While Genachowski stressed the importance of developing " sensible rules of the road " for wireless network neutrality , de la Vega strongly urged that wireless networks must be managed , repeatedly suggesting that net neutrality regulation would let a few heavy data users " crowd out the many " on its 3G data networks .
de la Vega , who is also the incoming chairman of the CTIA board , spent the majority of his time patting the US wireless industry on its back for being the most competitive , offering the " best value , " and providing more choices that anywhere else in the world .
Based on the statistics he cited , those things are true , but his analysis fails to recognize that the US is well behind other areas of the world — especially Europe and many parts of Asia — in 3G network rollout , reliability , and speed .
He also noted that " US wireless customers can select from among 630 devices from more than 30 manufacturers , " but did n't mention that many of those devices are only available on a particular network — so choosing a particular device limits your choice of network , and choosing a particular network limits your choice of devices .
de la Vega also spent much of his speech stressing the " unique constraints " the wireless networks have that wired networks do n't .
AT&T says it has seen a 5,000 percent increase in data traffic over the last five years .
de la Vega noted that the top 3 percent of its smartphone users are responsible for as much as 40 percent of smartphone data traffic .
" Speed and spectrum limitations can allow a few data greedy customers to ruin to for everybody else , " de la Vega said .
" Wireless needs a different public policy to ensure the few cannot crowd out the many . "
The subtext here is that de la Vega believes net neutrality regulation for wireless networks just wo n't work .
Instead , wireless network operators should be free to throttle traffic from heavy users , much like Comcast tried to do when it attempted to throttle P2P traffic on its network last year .
Those attempts caught the ire of the FCC , and brought net neutrality policy debate to the forefront .
Ultimately , the FCC opposed Comcast 's actions , barring it from trying to block specific types of data .
While Comcast has a lawsuit underway to attempt to reverse the order , the company has since implemented a data - agnostic traffic management system , which so far seems to fall under what the FCC deems " reasonable network management . "
However , AT&T may be a victim of its own success .
It signed a multiyear agreement to be the sole provider of Apple 's iPhone , which is credited with attracting a large number of new subscribers to AT&T .
It 's also credited with an explosion in data usage , since users now have access to a functional , complete Web browser , as well as apps of all kinds that make use of network data in fun , innovative ways .
But iPhone users have been discovering that claims of " fastest 3G network " or " more bars in more places " are often just empty promises .
Meanwhile , AT&T has recently signed deals to provide data access for an international version of Amazon 's Kindle as well as an Android smartphone from Dell .
Beyond the issue of reasonable network management , though — which Genachowski and the FCC already support — AT&T continues to block some uses of the iPhone .
The situation has been quite vexing for iPhone users , who also tend to be the company 's highest paying customers .
While Apple added MMS capabilities to the iPhone earlier this summer , it took AT&T several months to enable the feature , prompting dozens of lawsuits .
Earlier this week AT&T finally lifted its ban on VoIP apps from using its 3G network , noting that it had n't placed such bans on other phones on its network .
Yet despite these improvements , the company still selectively blocks some applications from streaming video and has yet to enable the data tethering feature that Apple added to iPhone OS 3.0 earlier this year .
For its part , the FCC recognizes that mobile business is booming , and is a growth opportunity for the US economy .
Genachowski stated in his keynote address that the Commission will be doing its part to make more spectrum available and to reduce the red tape required to acquire it .
However , he also reiterated that network management of some sort is necessary , so network neutrality regulation wo n't prevent AT&T from being able to sensibly manage its network .
AT&T is certainly not alone in its desire to manage wireless data customers .
Verizon imposes a monthly limit on its 3G modem users , banning them from using VoIP and P2P applications .
The restrictions are present , even if they are not always enforced .
All ISPs — wired and wireless — have a need to manage their network to ensure that the traffic keeps flowing smoothly .
The problem comes when the management is secretive and appears arbitrary .
de la Vega is n't letting on what measures the telecom giant might take , but if it fails to be anything but open and transparent about its actions , the uproar wo n't be pretty .
It is easy to forget that the nine - year war in Afghanistan began its life as " Operation Enduring Freedom " .
In the discursive vacuum that followed 9/11 , such trivialised and overblown rhetoric was commonplace – as were notions that security and democracy in Afghanistan and the Middle East could be achieved through US - led invasion and occupation .
While the original " war on terror " paradigm has long been discarded – foreign secretary David Miliband has stated the obvious that the strategy was simply wrong , as was the implication that the correct response to terrorism was foremost a military one – here we are still fighting its wars .
And most British people do not buy the justifications offered by the government for doing so .
Its reasoning on Afghanistan has been incoherent , inconsistent and disingenuous .
First Tony Blair , then Gordon Brown , told us that priority number one was Osama bin Laden and ridding the world of al - Qaida .
Then we were getting rid of the Taliban .
We were the benevolent invaders , bringing democracy to a downtrodden people .
Or we were stabilising the region between Pakistan and Afghanistan .
Our streets would be safer .
It was about women 's rights or the opium trade .
In Washington , Barack Obama considers General Stanley McChrystal 's request for up to 40,000 more troops , which would take the number of foreign troops in Afghanistan towards 150,000 .
Yet he knows that the deployment of thousands more foreign soldiers has so far failed to stem the tide of Taliban influence .
Recent insurgency attacks in Kabul , Peshawar and Baghdad show the violence and insecurity in the region only seem to be increasing .
What 's more , the grotesque parody of the recent elections exposed the hollowness of " democracy " in what is now the world 's second most corrupt regime .
Despite the efforts of the UN and the western powers , there is no credible national government in Afghanistan .
In part , wilful amnesia in foreign policy has prevented us from learning from past mistakes ; attempts to impose a western model of democratic governance on a failing state , with ill - informed notions about the culture , geography or history of the place and its people , are bound to end badly .
Worse still , attempting to do so through the barrel of a gun and via million - dollar bribes to corrupt warlords and criminals can only result in a failure of devastating proportions .
Every possible strategy for the way forward contains unpalatable elements – such is the depth of this quagmire .
But what we know is that military action , characterised by desperation rather than well - considered strategic aims , has failed to achieve security or democracy .
To reach that long - term goal of securing rights and freedoms , we need a strong , accountable and legitimate government – as well as a multilateral agreement with Pakistan and other neighbouring countries to provide guarantees of support for Afghan security .
The failure to address what one American official describes as the " criminal mafia " surrounding the newly inaugurated president , Hamid Karzai , has given Taliban insurgents another argument with which to appeal to ordinary Afghans .
And while Karzai has been strong - armed into committing to anti-corruption measures by western dignitaries , there are signs that he may already be falling short of his promises .
Pressure must be maintained on Karzai , but the international community must play its part in preventing criminals from profiteering from US and Nato military contracts .
Nato and the UN need to pursue talks with traditional leaders and the more moderate Taliban groups over a potential power - sharing agreement , and halt Nato offensives with the aim of agreeing a ceasefire – enabling foreign troops to withdraw .
Afghan Taliban loyalty seems generally to lie with tribe and locality – not to a nationalistic , homogenous organisation – so we must focus aid efforts on local communities and help build solid political institutions from the top down to provide good governance at every level .
Sustainable economic development should be a top priority .
According to a recent survey by Oxfam , the majority of Afghan people blame poverty for the war .
Military solutions are not the answer here ; people need support for agriculture , improved infrastructure , education and health services .
In a manner typical of foreign invaders , western governments have thrown money at the problem – and it has failed to reach those who need it most .
The UK should now be funding a concerted NGO effort on the ground , rather than channelling the majority of its aid through corrupt government officials .
And having evaluated their programmes aimed at developing the capacity of the Afghan government , they should continue and expand those found to be effective .
Some are rightly concerned that if foreign troops leave , there will be even more bloodshed .
Withdrawal will create a power vacuum that al - Qaida and the Taliban can occupy .
However , we know that the current strategy is not working .
What people want more than anything is security – and more military action will not bring security .
We must halt offensive missions now .
At the same time , the international community must increase the humanitarian and reconstruction effort , build capacity and promote good governance .
Following our misguided foreign policy endeavours , we have a responsibility to leave the country in order .
We need to genuinely win hearts and minds , tackle corruption head - on , drop our misguided and unsuccessful war against drugs and instead work with farmers to promote development from the ground up .
We must switch our efforts towards creating friends and allies among the people of the region , transparently operating for their interests and making every effort to hand over control of affairs as rapidly as possible .
Only Afghans can solve Afghan problems – and they must be empowered to do so without the burden of foreign occupation .
From FSL
This page describes version 1.0 of the K - Maude prototype .
The current development version , which aims on significantly improving upon the previous one , can be found at the K Framework site .
K -Maude is an implementation of K on top of Maude language .
It fully extends Maude , while adding specific K constructs to facilitate design of programming and domain specific languages .
K - Maude intended audience are language designers who use the K technique .
Manual
An extended version of the information contained in this page can be found in the article below :
Obtaining K- Maude
A ( relatively ) stable and ( relatively ) recent version can be downloaded here : K- Maude.zip .
If you plan on using it , and encounter problems , please consider reporting them using our bugzilla interface : https://fsl.cs.uiuc.edu/bugzilla/
Basic usage
K - Maude comes with a suite of examples defining various programming languages and type checkers / inferencers .
To access them , you must have maude installed and you can generally run any of them by loading the
< prefix >- test.maude
from the directory containing the < prefix >- semantics .
maude file .
This should run the interpreter on the example programs located in the ' '< prefix >- programs .
maude file .
The simplest usage scenario is that the user is satisfied with existing definitions and only wants to try new programs on them .
In that case one only modifies the ' '< prefix >- programs .maude , and the corresponding ''< prefix >- test. maude from the same directory , then reloads in maude < prefix >- test. maude from the directory containing < prefix >- semantics .
maude to see the outcomes of rerunning the examples .
More advanced usage
The current K - Maude prototype comes in two flavors .
One of them , more stable , but harder to use , is directly running in Maude , in which specifications are concrete Maude modules .
The specific K notation is given in this setting by using the metadata attribute ( for syntax constructs ) and membership axioms ( for K equations and rules ) .
The other , easier to use , but less stable , is running on top of Full Maude , extending Full Maude 's syntax with the K - specific operations attributes and with keywords introducing K equations and K rules , and adding new syntax for modules .
In general , the user needs to provide three modules for each language definition : one defining the syntax , one defining the configuration of the running state , and one defining the rules for executing the program .
The syntax module contains the syntax of the language defined using usual Maude sorts and operations , containing annotations specifying desired order of evaluation , or renaming constructs into semantic ones .
It might also contain equations for desugaring auxiliary constructs .
Using Full Maude
We will exemplify the specifics of the Full - Maude - based implementation using the KERNELC language definition .
For each of the three modules , syntax , configuration , and semantics , we will first present the module as it is in the example included with the distribution , then discuss the features which are specific to K , assuming the user familiar with Maude constructs .
Syntax
( k syntax for KERNELC is including GENERIC-EXP-K-SYNTAX + STRING-K-SYNTAX . sorts Stmt StmtList Pgm .
subsort Stmt < StmtList . op # include < stdio.h>`#include<stdlib.h>`void`main`( void`) `{_`} : StmtList ->
Pgm [ renameTo _ format ( rn n ng d b g b s on + i n-b o ) latex ( renameTo `{_`} ) ] . op *_ : Exp ->
Exp [ strict prec 25 ] . op !_ : Exp ->
Exp [ aux ] . vars E E' : Exp . eq ! E = E ? 0 : 1 . op _&&_ : Exp Exp -> Exp [ aux latex ( renameTo _\&\&_ ) ] . op _||_ : Exp Exp -> Exp [ aux latex ( renameTo _\ensuremath`{ ||`}_ ) ] . eq E && E' = E ? E ' : 0 . eq E || E ' = E ? 1 : E ' . op _?_:_ : Exp Exp Exp ->
Exp [ format ( d b o b o d ) renameTo if`( _` ) _else_ prec 39 ] . op _:=_ : Exp Exp ->
Exp [ strict ( 2 ) prec 40 gather ( e E ) ] . op _ ; : Exp ->
Stmt [ prec 45 strict format ( d b o ) ] . op ; : ->
Stmt [ renameTo .K ] . op __ : StmtList StmtList -> StmtList [ prec 100 gather(e E ) format ( d ni d ) renameTo _-> _ ] . op `{_`} : StmtList ->
Stmt [ format ( b on +i - nbi o ) renameTo _ latex ( renameTo \`{_\`} ) ] . op `{`} : ->
Stmt [ format ( b d o ) renameTo .K latex ( renameTo \`{\`} ) ] . op malloc`( _` ) : Exp ->
Exp [ format ( g b o b o ) strict ] . op free`( _` ) : Exp ->
Exp [ format ( g b o b o ) strict ] . op if`( _` ) _ : Exp Stmt ->
Stmt [ aux prec 47 ] . var St St ' : Stmt . eq if (E ) St = if ( E ) St else {} . op if`( _` ) _else_ : Exp Stmt Stmt ->
Stmt [ strict ( 1 ) format ( g b o b os nig o d ) prec 46 ] . op while`( _` ) _ : Exp Stmt ->
Stmt [ syntax format ( g b o b os d ) ] . op printf` ( " %d " ` , _` ) : Exp ->
Exp [ format ( g b r b o b o ) strict latex ( renameTo printf\mybracket`{\myquote`{%d\ensuremath`{\` , `}`}` , _`} ) ] . op null : ->
Exp [ aux ] . eq null = 0 . k)
Note that the syntax module is introduced by
( k syntax for KERNELC is ... k)
Beside the standard Maude operation attributes ( prec , gather , format , prec ) , notice the K - specific ones :
strict and strict ( n1 n 2 ... nk ) specify what arguments need to be evaluated before evaluating the termed topped in that language construct .
For example , in the following definition ,
op _:=_ : Exp Exp ->
Exp [ strict ( 2 ) prec 40 gather ( e E ) ] .
strict ( 2 ) says that the semantic rule for assignment will assume the second argument is evaluated .
Note that the evaluation of the left - hand - side to a L - value is only a partial evaluation , so it cannot be specified as a strictness attribute here .
# Semantics section below describes one way to specify it .
renameTo is used to rename an operation into another one , either to avoid parsing problems , or to desugar some constructs into other K constructs .
For example , in the definition
op _?_:_ : Exp Exp Exp ->
Exp [ format ( d b o b o d ) renameTo if`( _` ) _else_ prec 39 ] .
renameTo if`( _` ) _else_ specifies that _?_:_ would be intepreted as if`( _` ) _else_ for semantics purposes .
Similarly , in the definition
op `{_`} : StmtList ->
Stmt [ format ( b on + i - nbi o ) renameTo _ ] .
renameTo _ specifies that `{_`} is no longer needed once the parsing is done , since it was there only for grouping reasons .
aux is used to denote that a certain operation is completely desugared ( through equations ) in this syntax module and will not appear in the semantics definition .
For example , in the definition ,
op if`( _` ) _ : Exp Stmt ->
Stmt [ aux prec 47 ] .
aux is used to say that , although we accept conditionals without the else branch , they would not be handled specifically in the semantics , since they are desugared by the next equation :
eq if (E ) St = if ( E ) St else {} .
latex attribute is used to wrap attributes altering the latex generator .
in this context renameTo says how the operator should be displayed in latex
Configuration
( k configuration for KERNELC is including KMAP{K , K} + FRESH-ITEM{K} .
ops env mem ptr : -> CellLabel [ wrapping Map`{K` , K`} ] . op out : ->
CellLabel [ wrapping K ] . op stream : String -> K . op void : -> KResult . k)
The configuration module is introduced by
( k configuration for KERNELC is ... k)
It specifies what Labels will be used to wrap configuration items , and might declare additional helping operations to be used in the semantics .
All declared labels must be constants of sort CellLabel and must specify what sort of items they would wrap by using the wrapping attribute .
Declaring a label , say env , it allows for a tag - like operation < env > < /env > to be used in the semantics definition .
The k CellLabel wrapping computations ( of sort K ) and the T CellLabel , wrapping a soup of configuration items are predefined .
This tag - like wrapper corresponds to the cell structure used in mathematical notation of K ; for example < k > K </k> corresponds to .
Open ended K cells are written in the tag notation as follows :
is written as < k > K ...</k>
is written as < k > K ...</k> is written as < env >... Env ...</env >
is written as < env >... Env ...</ env > is written as < out >... Str </ out >
Semantics
( k semantics for KERNELC is including GENERIC-EXP -SEMANTICS . var P : Pgm . var N N ' : Nat . var X : Name . var Env : Map{K , K} . var V V ' : KResult . var I : Int . var Ptr Mem : Map{K , K} . var K K1 K2 : K . var S : String . --- evaluating the lhs of an equality to LVal kcxt * K1 := K2 [ strict ( K1 ) ] . op run : Pgm -> Config . eq run( P ) = < T > < k > mk K( P ) </k> < env > .empty </env > < mem > .empty </mem > < ptr > .empty </ptr > < nextItem > item ( 1 ) </nextItem > < out > stream ( " " ) </ out > </ T> . eq # ( true ) = # ( 1 ) . eq # ( false ) = # ( 0 ) . eq if ( # ( 0 ) ) _ else K2 = K2 . ceq if ( # ( I ) ) K1 else _ = K1 if I neq 0 . --- discarding the value of an expression statement . eq V ; = .K . keq < k > [ [ X == > V ] ] ...</k> < env >... X |-> V ...</env> . keq < k > [ [ X := V == > V ] ] ...</k> < env > [ [ Env == > Env [ X <- V ] ] ] </env > . keq < k > [ [* # ( N ) == > V ] ] ...</k> < mem >... #( N ) |-> V ...</ mem > . keq < k > [ [* # ( N ) := V == > V ] ] ...</k> < mem >... #( N ) |-> [ [ _ == > V ] ] ...</ mem > . keq < k > [ [ while ( K1 ) K2 == > if ( K1 ) ( K2 -> while ( K1 ) K2 ) else .K ] ] ...</k> . op alloc : Nat Nat ->
Map{K , K} . eq alloc( N , 0 ) = .empty . eq alloc( N , s( N ' ) ) = ( # ( N ) |-> # ( 0 ) ) &' alloc( N + 1 , N ' ) . op freeMem : Map{K , K} Nat Nat ->
Map{K , K} . eq freeMem ( Mem , N , 0 ) = Mem . eq freeMem (( Mem &' ( # ( N ) |-> V ) ) , N , s( N ' ) ) = freeMem ( Mem , N + 1,N ' ) . keq < k> [ [ malloc ( #( N ) ) == > # ( N' ) ] ] ...</k> < ptr >... [ [ .empty == > ( # ( N' ) |-> # ( N ) ) ] ]
...</ ptr> < nextItem > [ [ item ( N' ) ==> item ( N ' ) + N ] ] </nextItem > < mem >... [ [ .empty == > alloc( N' , N ) ] ] ...</ mem > . keq < k > [ [ free ( # ( N ) ) ==> void ] ] ...</k> < ptr >... [ [ # ( N ) |-> #( N' ) ==> .empty ] ] ...</ ptr> < mem > [ [ Mem == > freeMem ( Mem , N , N ' ) ] ] < /mem > . keq < k> [ [ printf ( " %d " , #( I ) ) ==> void ] ] ...</k> < out > [ [ stream ( S ) ==> stream ( S + string ( I,10 ) + " " ) ] ] </ out > . k)
The semantics module is introduced by
(k semantics for KERNELC is ... k )
K-specific constructs which can be found in this module are K - contexts , K-equations , and K - rules , each being introduced by kcxt , keq , and krl , respectively .
Moreover , K-equations and K- rules , provide notational shortcuts to make the equations / definitions mode compact .
K -Contexts specify strictness constraints , and are usually used for those constraints which depend on a context rather than a single construct .
For example ,
kcxt * K1 := K2 [ strict ( K1 ) ] .
specifies the evaluation to a L - value of a pointer in the assignment construct , by saying that when giving the semantics to that context , K1 would need to be a value .
K-equations and K - rules have the same syntax , except the first would be desugared into equations , while the latter into rules .
Basically , a K- equation / rule is a term which should contain at leas one occurrence of the [ [ T1 ==> T2 ] ] construct , which is used as a textual representation of the K visual replacement pattern : .
For K equations and K rules , one can use `_ ' ( that is , underscore ) to specify anonymous variables .
Puting them all together
The user needs to load , in order the modules for syntax , configuration , and semantics .
Since this modules are internally desugared into Maude modules , they would receive unique ids .
FOr our KERNELC example , these are as follows :
syntax generates two modules : KERNELC -SYNTAX which only contains the syntax , as defined by the user , and KERNELC-K - SYNTAX which removes additionally contains the K abstract syntax associated to it and a syntax transformer mkK from the user syntax to the internal K syntax , as well as equations meant to satisfy the strictness constraints .
configuration generates one module KERNELC-K - COFIGURATION , similar to the one introduced by the user and ,
semantics generates the module KERNELC-K - SEMANTICS which in big lines follows the semantic definition introduced by the user , but desugars the k - contexts , k- equations , and k-rules , and transforms everything into the K abstract syntax so that the definition becomes executable .
Therefore , the thus defined K modules can be referred to from usual Maude modules , once the K - modules have been processed .
For example , a module defining KERNELC programs can be introduced right after the k syntax definition , and it can refer to it :
( mod KERNELC-PROGRAMS is including KERNELC-SYNTAX . op pSum : ->
Pgm . eq pSum = # include < stdio.h > # include < stdlib.h > void main ( void ) { n := 1000 ; s := 0 ; i := n ; while ( !( i <= 0 ) ) { s := s + i ; i := i - 1 ; } printf ( " %d " , s ) ; } . endm )
Likewise , the following module can be used to run programs once the k semantics module has been introduced :
( mod TEST is including KERNELC-K-SEMANTICS .
including KERNELC-PROGRAMS
. endm )
The following command executes the pSum program defined above .
( red < T > pSum </ T > .)
Note that , outside of the K definitions , the tags need to be properly separated with spaces .
Entire definition in one module , and a more complex language -- KCHALLENGE
( k definition for KCHALLENGE is including INT-K- SYNTAX + BOOL-K- SYNTAX + FLOAT-K-SYNTAX .
including NAME-K-SYNTAX .
including COMMON-ENV -STORE . including BINDER-K-SYNTAX .
including KMAP{K , K} + KSET{K} . including TUPLE .
var VL : List {KResult} .
var N : Nat .
vars I I1 I2 : Int . var B : Bool . var X : Name . var V V ' : KResult .
vars F1 F2 : Float . var L L' : Loc . var E BE S S1 S2 K K ' : K . var Sigma : Store . var Rho Rho ' : Env{Loc} .
xsort Exp .
xsort is used to specify a syntax sort -- all operations having it as a result sort would be considered part of syntax
subsort # Int # Bool # Float < Exp .
By convention , # sorts are used for input literals , while their corresponding semantics sorts are named by removing the # .
Int , Bool , and Floa , are imported from built - in modules INT-K - SYNTAX , BOOL-K - SYNTAX , and FLOAT -K - SYNTAX , respectively .
subsort # Name < Exp . krl < k > [ [ X == > V ] ] ...</k> < env >... X |-> L ...</env> < store >... L |-> V ...</ store > .
Names are imported from predefined module NAME-K - SYNTAX .
env and store cells as well as basic operations on them are imported from COMMON - ENV - STORE .
When a name is matched at the top of computation , it can replaced by value V , provided that the mapping of X to location L can be matched in the environment and the mapping of L to V can be matched in the store .
op _+_ : Exp Exp ->
Exp [ gather ( E e ) prec 33 strict ] . rl # I1 + # I2 => # ( I1 + I2 ) . rl # F1 + # F2 => # ( F1 + F2 ) .
gather and prec are standard attributes in Maude , used for parsing .
Additionally strict specifies that both operands of + should be evaluated ( order not specified ) before + being evaluated itself .
This allows us to only give semantics of + on valued terms .
operation # is used to distinguish values when giving semantics .
op _*_ : Exp Exp ->
Exp [ gather ( E e ) prec 31 strict ] . rl _*_(# I1 , # I2 ) => # ( I1 * I2 ) . rl _*_(# F1 , # F2 ) => # ( F1 * F2 ) .
op _<=_ : Exp Exp ->
Exp [ prec 37 seqstrict ] . rl # I1 <= # I2 => # ( I1 <= I2 ) . rl # F1 <= # F2 => # ( F1 <= F2 ) .
seqstrict is specified when the order of evaluation matters .
The default order is left - to - right .
op not_ : Exp ->
Exp [ prec 53 strict ] . rl not (# B ) => # ( not B ) .
op _and_ : Exp Exp ->
Exp [ gather ( E e ) prec 55 strict ( 1 ) ] . rl ( # true ) and BE => BE . rl ( # false ) and _ => # false .
The semantics of and given above is ' shortcut .
For this , we only require the first operand to be evaluated -- strict ( 1 ) -- , and evaluate the expression according to that value .
Note that one can use anonymous variable _ if the name of a variable is only required for matching .
xsort Stmt . op _; _ : Stmt Stmt ->
Stmt [ prec 100 gather(e E ) renameTo _->_ ] .
By renaming the statement sequencing operator to _->_ , the K sequencing operator , we do n't need to specify any additional semantic rules for it .
op var_ : # Name ->
Stmt . krl < k > [ [ var X == > .K ] ] ...</k> < env > [ [ Rho == > Rho [ X <- L ] ] ]
< /env > < nextLoc > [ [ L == > L + 1 ] ] </nextLoc > .
Variable declaration : we use the nextLoc cell imported from COMMON - ENV - STORE .
also , we use Rho [ X <- L ] to map X to L in Rho .
op if_then_else_ : Exp Stmt Stmt -> Stmt [ strict ( 1 ) ] . rl if ( # true ) then S1 else _ => S1 . rl if ( # false ) then _ else S2 => S2 .
To give semantics for conditional , we only need to evaluate the condition -- strict ( 1 )
op while_do_ : Exp Stmt ->
Stmt . keq < k > [ [ while BE do S == > if BE then ( S -> while BE do S ) else .K ] ] ...</k> .
The semantics of while is given by unrolling , but only at the top of the computation , to avoid cycling .
op _; _ : Stmt Exp ->
Exp [ prec 110 renameTo _-> _ ] . op output_ : Exp ->
Stmt [ strict ] . op output : -> CellLabel [ wrapping List`{KResult`} ] . krl < k > [ [ output V == > .K ] ] ...</k> < output >... [ [.nil == > V ] ] </output > .
We declare a new cell to hold the list of values .
op ++_ : # Name -> Exp [ prec 0 renameTo inc ] . krl < k > [ [ inc ( X ) ==> # ( I + 1 ) ] ] ...</k> < env >... X |-> L ...</env> < store >... L |-> # [ [ I ==> I + 1 ] ] ...</ store > .
Sometime we need to rename constructs when going from syntax to semantics to avoid name clashing .
In this case , we rename ++ to inc .
op #_ : Loc ->
KResult . op &_ : # Name -> Exp [ prec 0 ] . krl < k > [ [ & X == > # L ] ] ...</k> < env >... X |-> L ...</env > .
Obtaining the reference location of a name .
op *_ : Exp ->
Exp [ strict prec 25 ] . krl < k> * # L == > V ...</k> < store >... L |-> V ...</ store > .
Dereferencing a location .
op ref_ : Exp ->
Exp [ strict prec 0 ] . krl < k > [ [ ref V == > L ] ] ...</k> < store > [ [ Sigma == > Sigma [ L <- V ] ] ] </store > < nextLoc > [ [ L == > L + 1 ] ] </nextLoc > .
Evaluating an expression and returning a reference to it .
op _:=_ : Exp Exp ->
Stmt [ strict ( 2 ) ] . krl < k > [ [ X := V == > .K ] ] ...</k> < env >... X |-> L ...</env> < store > [ [ Sigma == > Sigma [ L <- V ] ] ] </ store > . kcxt * K := K ' [ strict ( K ) ] . krl < k> * # L := V == > . K ...</k> < store > [ [ Sigma == > Sigma [ L <- V ] ] ] </ store > .
Assignment is similar to C / KernelC -- the right hand side is evaluated to a value , specified here by strict ( 2 ) , while the left - hand - side is evaluated to a l-value , here either a Name , or the dereferencing of a location .
op aspect_ : Stmt ->
Stmt . op aspect : ->
CellLabel [ wrapping K ] . krl < k > [ [ aspect S == > .K ] ] ...</k> < aspect > [ [ _ ==> S ] ] </aspect > . keq < k > [ [ lambda X . E ==> closure ( X , S -> E , Rho ) ] ] ...</k> < env> Rho </env > < aspect > S </aspect > .
Aspects are defined to be executed before the start of each function evaluation , in the environment in which that function was defined .
Note that lambda abstractions are evaluated to closures .
op __ : Exp Exp ->
Exp [ strict renameTo apply ] . op closure : Name K Env{Loc} -> KResult . krl < k > [ [ apply ( closure ( X , E , Rho ) , V ) ==> E -> restore ( Rho ' ) ] ]
...</k> < env > [ [ Rho ' ==> Rho [ X <- L ] ] ] < /env > < store > [ [ Sigma == > Sigma [ L <- V ] ] ] </store > < nextLoc > [ [ L == > L + 1 ] ] </nextLoc > .
Application of a function is declared strict ( call - by - value ) , renamed to apply to avoid name clashes .
Note that we use restore ( imported from COMMON - ENV - STORE ) to restore the environment once the function was evaluated .
krl < k > [ [ mu X . E ==> E -> restore ( Rho ) ] ] ...</k> < env > [ [ Rho == > Rho [ X <- L ] ] ] < /env > < store > [ [ Sigma == > Sigma [ L <- mu X . E ] ] ] </ store > < nextLoc > [ [ L == > L + 1 ] ] </nextLoc > .
The semantics of is given by evaluated the expression in the environment / store where X is bound to a .
op callcc_ : Exp ->
Exp [ strict ] . op cc : K Env{Loc} -> KResult . krl < k > [ [ callcc V == > apply ( V , cc( K , Rho ) ) ] ] -> K </k> < env> Rho </env > . krl < k > [ [ apply ( cc( K , Rho ) , V ) -> _ ==> V -> K ] ]
</k> < env > [ [ _ ==> Rho ] ] </env > .
op randomBool : ->
Exp . knd < k > [ [ randomBool ==> # true ] ] ...</k> . knd < k > [ [ randomBool ==> # false ] ] ...</k> .
randomBool non-deterministically evaluates to either true or false .
op spawn_ : Stmt ->
Stmt . op holds : -> CellLabel [ wrapping Map`{K` , K`} ] . op thread : -> CellLabel [ wrapping Set`{ConfigItem`} ] . var Holds : Map`{K` , K`} . krl < thread >... < k > [ [ spawn S == > .K ] ] ...</k> < env> Rho </ env > ...</ thread > [ [ .empty == > .empty < thread > < k> S </k> < env> Rho </env > < holds > .empty </holds > </ thread > ] ] .
Spawning a new thread .
thread cell is used to group together all cell related to a thread ; holds holds the locks acquired by the thread ( and their multiplicity ) .
op busy : -> CellLabel [ wrapping Set`{K`} ] . var Busy : Set`{K`} . krl [ [ < thread > ... < k > . K </k> < holds >
Holds </holds > ...</ thread > ==> .empty ] ] < busy > [ [ Busy == > Busy -' keys ( Holds ) ] ] </ busy > .
When the computation of a thread has completed , it can be dissolved and its resources released .
busy holds the name of the locks acquired by any of the threads .
op acquire_ : Exp ->
Stmt [ strict ] . krl < k >[ [ acquire V == > .K ] ] ...</k> < holds >... V |-> # [ [ N == > s( N ) ] ] ...</ holds > . kcrl < k >[ [ acquire V == > .K ] ] ...</k> < holds >... [ [ .empty == > V |-> # 0 ] ] ...</ holds > < busy >
Busy [ [.empty ==> V ] ]</ busy > if not ( V in ' Busy ) .
One can lock on any value .
A lock can only be acquired it it is not busy .
Same thread can acquire same lock multiple times , therefore we keep multiplicities for each lock in the holds cell .
op release_ : Exp ->
Stmt [ strict ] . krl < k >[ [ release V == > .K ] ] ...</k> < holds >... V |-> # [ [ s ( N ) == > N ] ] ...</ holds > . krl < k >[ [ release V == > .K ] ] ...</k> < holds >... -> # 0 == > .empty ...</ holds > < busy >... [ [ V == > .empty ] ] ...</ busy > .
op rv_ : Exp ->
Stmt [ strict ] . krl < k > [ [rv V == > .K ] ] ...</k> < k> [ [rv V == > .K ] ] ...</k> .
Rendez - vous synchronization .
Two threads can only pass together a barrier specified by a lock V .
sort Agent . op agent : Nat ->
Agent .
subsort Agent < KResult . op new - agent_ : Stmt ->
Exp . op agent : -> CellLabel [ wrapping Set`{ConfigItem`} ] . ops me parent nextAgent : -> CellLabel [ wrapping Agent ] . krl < k > [ [ new - agent S == > agent ( N ) ] ] ...</k> < me> Me </ me > < nextAgent > agent ( [ [ N == > N + 1 ] ] ) </ nextAgent > [ [ .empty == > < agent > < thread > < k> S </k> < env > .empty </env > < holds > .empty </holds > </ thread > < store > .empty </store > < nextLoc > loc( 0 ) </nextLoc > < aspect > . K </aspect > < busy > .empty </ busy > < me > agent ( N ) </ me > < parent > Me </ parent > </agent > ] ] .
An agent is here a collection of threads , grouped in an agent cell identified by an id held by the me cell , and holding in the parent cell a reference id to its creating agent .
nextAgent is used for providing fresh ids for agents .
rl < agent > < store > _ </ store > < nextLoc > _ </nextLoc > < aspect > _ </aspect > < busy > _ </ busy > < me > _ </ me > < parent > _ </ parent > </ agent > => .empty .
When all threads inside an agent have completed , the agent can be dissolved .
op me : ->
Exp . krl < k >[ [ me == > A ] ] ...</k> < me > A </me > .
op parent : ->
Exp . krl < k >[ [ parent == > A ] ] ...</k> < parent > A </ parent > .
op message : -> CellLabel [ wrapping Tuple ] .
vars Me Parent A : Agent . op send - asynch__ : Exp Exp ->
Stmt [ strict ] . krl < k > [ [ send - asynch A V == > .K ] ] ...</k> < me> Me </ me > [ [ .empty ==> < message > [ Me , A , V ] </message > ] ] .
An agent can send any value ( including agents ids ) to other agents ( provided it knows their id ) .
To model asynchronous communication , each value sent is wrapped in a message cell identifying both the sender and the intended receiver .
op receive - from_ : Exp ->
Exp [ strict ] . krl < k > [ [ receive - from A == > V ] ] ...</k> < me> Me </ me > [ [ < message > [ A , Me , V ] </message > ==> .empty ] ] .
An agent can request to receive a message from a certain agent .
ops receive : ->
Exp . krl < k > [ [ receive == > V ] ] ...</k> < me> Me </ me > [ [ < message > [ _ , Me , V ] </message > ==> .empty ] ] .
An agent can request to receive a message from any agent .
op send - synch__ : Exp Exp ->
Stmt [ strict ] . krl < agent >... < k> [ [ send - synch A V == > .K ] ] ...</k> < me> Me </ me > ...</ agent > < agent >... < k> [ [ receive - from Me == > V ] ] ...</k> < me > A </me > ...</ agent > . krl < agent >... < k> [ [ send - synch A V == > .K ] ] ...</k> ...</ agent > < agent >... < k> [ [ receive == > V ] ] ...</k> < me > A </me > ...</ agent > .
The message can be sent synchronously , in which case , two agents need to matched together for the exchange to occur .
op halt : ->
Stmt . krl [ [ < agent > ... < k > halt ...</k> ...</ agent > == > .empty ] ] .
The semantics of halt in one of the thread of an agent is that is dissolves the agent .
op messages : -> CellLabel [ wrapping Set`{ConfigItem`} ] . op result : -> CellLabel [ wrapping List`{KResult`} ] .
kconf < T > < agent *> < thread *> < k> _ </k> < env> _ </env> < holds > _ </holds > </ thread *> < store > _ </ store > < nextLoc > _ </nextLoc > < aspect > _ </aspect > < busy > _ </ busy > < me > _ </ me > < parent > _ </ parent > </ agent*> < output > _ </output > < messages > < message *> _ </message *> </messages > < nextAgent > _ </nextAgent > </ T> < result > _ </result > .
For K to know where each cell is located , one needs to specify ( if there are cells at different levels ) the structure of the configuration , together whit an indication of which of the cells have multiplicities .
Notice here that we have a wrapper for messages which was not specified anywhere , as well as a wrapped for the results which is at the top level .
op ` [ ` [ _` ] ` ] : Stmt ->
Config . eq P: Stmt = < T > < agent > < thread > < k> mkK( P: Stmt ) </k> < env > .empty </env > < holds > .empty </holds > </ thread > < store > .empty </store > < nextLoc > loc( 0 ) </nextLoc > < aspect > . K </aspect > < busy > .empty </ busy > < me > agent ( 0 ) </ me > < parent > agent ( 0 ) </ parent > </ agent > < output > .nil </output > < messages > .empty </messages > < nextAgent > agent ( 1 ) </nextAgent > </T> .
This is how a program is initialized to be executed using the above definition .
krl [ [ < T> < output > VL </output > < nextAgent > _ </nextAgent > < messages > _ </ messages > </ T> ==> < result > VL </ result > ] ] .
When there are no more agents executing , we can collect the output and transfer it into the result cell .
Advanced features : program generation
op quote_ : Exp ->
Exp . op unquote_ : Exp ->
Exp . op eval_ : Exp ->
Exp [ strict ] . op quote : Nat List{K} -> KProper . op code : List{K} -> KResult . op _box`(->` ) _ : K K -> KProper [ strict ] . op _box`( ` , ` ) _ : K K -> KProper [ strict ] . op box : K -> KSynLabel . op kl : KLabel -> K . var KL : KLabel . var KLK : K . var Ks : NeList`{K`} . var K1 K2 : NeK . kcxt box ( KLK ) ( Ks ) [ strict ( Ks ) ] .
keq < k > [ [ quote K ==> quote ( 0 , K ) ] ] ...</k> . eq quote( N , K1 -> K2 ) = quote( N , K1 ) box (->) quote ( N,K2 ) . eq code ( K1 ) box (->) code ( K2 ) = code ( K1 -> K2 ) . ceq quote( N , KL ( Ks ) ) = box ( kl ( KL ) ) ( quote ( N , Ks ) ) if KL =/= quote~ /\ KL =/= unquote~ . eq box ( kl ( KL ) ) ( code ( Ks ) ) = code ( KL ( Ks ) ) . eq quote( N , quote ( K ) ) = box ( kl ( quote~ ) ) ( quote ( s ( N ) , K ) ) . eq quote ( 0 , unquote ( K ) ) = K . eq quote ( s ( N ) , unquote ( K ) ) = box ( kl( unquote~ ) ) ( quote ( N , K ) ) .
eq quote ( N , ( K , Ks ) ) = quote ( N , K ) box ( , ) quote ( N , Ks ) . eq code ( K ) box ( , ) code ( Ks ) = code (( K , Ks ) ) .
eq quote( N , V ) = code ( V ) . eq quote ( N,X ) = code ( X ) .
eq eval code ( K ) = K . k)
As for the previous definitions , we end our specification with k ) .
Using Core Maude
Writing K definitions in Core Maude is similar to the process described above , but , since the definitions must be recognizable as Maude modules , several artifices , which will be described below , are used to encode them into standard Maude syntax .
Using Core Maude has the advantage that the process of conversion of the input modules needs to only be performed when the input module changes , and therefore the loading time of the thus pre-compiled modules is much shorter ( especially since Full - Maude does not need to be loaded once the generation process is completed ) .
Moreover it is less likely that the compilation process will crash Maude in case of errors , as it might happen when using the Full - Maude version ( we assume the guilt here — it is not because of Full - Maude , but rather because of our messing with its internal structures ) .
The drawback is that the user has to go back and forth by introducing a module , compiling it to its executable Maude correspondent ( s ) , writing the result of the compilation into a file ; and this process needs to be repeated for each of the modules .
Scenario for using it K - Maude in Full - Maude :
load < base - dir >/k- prelude
Write the syntax module KERNELC - SYNTAX [ Optional ] write some programs using it , to check the definition is correct compile the definition to obtain module KERNELC-K - SYNTAX , and save the generated module in some file write the KERNELC - CONFIGURATION module , compile the definition to obtain module KERNELC-K - CONFIGURATION , and save the generated module in some file write the KERNELC - SEMANTICS module , compile the definition to obtain module KERNELC-K - SEMANTICS , and save the generated module in some file [ Optional ] load KERNELC-K-SEMANTICS and use it to execute programs
Let us exemplify the above steps through the corresponding K - Core - Maude definition for KERNELC .
For each of the modules we will present the non-compiled version , and discuss how K - specific constructs are encoded in the definitions , as well as the compilation process .
Syntax
mod KERNELC-SYNTAX is including GENERIC-EXP-K-SYNTAX + STRING-K-SYNTAX . sorts Stmt StmtList Pgm .
subsort Stmt < StmtList . op # include < stdio.h>`#include<stdlib.h>`void`main`( void`) `{_`} : StmtList ->
Pgm [ metadata " renameTo _ " format ( rn n ng d b g b s on + i n-b o ) ] . op *_ : Exp ->
Exp [ metadata " strict " prec 25 ] . op !_ : Exp ->
Exp [ metadata " aux " ] . vars E E' : Exp . eq ! E = E ? 0 : 1 . ops _&&_ _||_ : Exp Exp ->
Exp [ metadata " aux " ] . eq E && E' = E ? E ' : 0 . eq E || E ' = E ? 1 : E ' . op _?_:_ : Exp Exp Exp ->
Exp [ format ( d b o b o d ) metadata " rename To if `( _` ) _else_ " prec 39 ] . op _=_ : Exp Exp ->
Exp [ metadata " strict ( 2 ) renameTo _:=_ " prec 40 gather ( e E ) ] . op _ ; : Exp ->
Stmt [ prec 45 metadata " strict " format ( d b o ) ] . op ; : ->
Stmt [ metadata " renameTo .K " ] . op __ : StmtList StmtList ->
StmtList [ prec 100 gather(e E ) format ( d ni d ) metadata " renameTo _-> _ " ] . op {_} : StmtList ->
Stmt [ format ( b on +i - nbi o ) metadata " renameTo _ " ] . op {} : ->
Stmt [ format ( b d o ) metadata " renameTo .K " ] . op malloc`( _` ) : Exp ->
Exp [ format ( g b o b o ) metadata " strict " ] . op free`( _` ) : Exp ->
Exp [ format ( g b o b o ) metadata " strict " ] . op if`( _` ) _ : Exp Stmt ->
Stmt [ metadata " aux " prec 47 ] . var St St ' : Stmt . eq if (E ) St = if ( E ) St else {} . op if`( _` ) _else_ : Exp Stmt Stmt ->
Stmt [ metadata " strict ( 1 ) " format ( g b o b os nig o d ) prec 46 ] . op while`( _` ) _ : Exp Stmt ->
Stmt [ format ( g b o b os d ) metadata " syntax " ] . op printf` ( " %d " , _` ) : Exp ->
Exp [ format ( g b r b o b o ) metadata " strict " ] . op NULL : ->
Exp [ metadata " aux " ] . eq NULL = 0 . endm
Note that all K - specific attributes have been encoded into the metadata attribute .
To compile the above module , one would need to execute the following commands :
load < base - dir >/ make -k ( makeKSyntax KERNELC .)
The output of the last command will be a module named KERNELC-K - SYNTAX containing the abstract syntax , and the strictness equations .
If the generation failed ( e.g. , no output is produced ) , you could try to use :
red in MAKE-K- SYNTAX : makeKSyntax ( " KERNELC " ) .
to view and analyze the core dump .
Configuration
mod KERNELC-CONFIGURATION is including KERNELC-K-SYNTAX + KMAP{K , K} + FRESH-ITEM{K} + CONFIG . ops env mem ptr : ->
CellLabel [ metadata " wrapping Map{K , K} " ] . op out : ->
CellLabel [ metadata " wrapping K " ] . op stream : String -> K . op void : ->
KResult .
endm
Again , operation attributes are encoded in the metadata attribute .
Also note that the generated syntax module ( KERNELC-K- SYNTAX ) and the k - prelude CONFIG module must be now included explicitly ( they needed not be mentioned in the Full - Maude version ) .
To compile the above module , one would need to execute the following commands :
load < base - dir >/ make -k ( makeKConfiguration KERNELC .)
The output of the last command will be a module named KERNELC-K - CONFIGURATION containing the tag - like operations which would be used in the semantics definition .
Semantics
mod KERNELC-SEMANTICS
is including KERNELC-K-CONFIGURATION + GENERIC-EXP-SEMANTICS
+ K-RULES + INT - SIMP . var P : Pgm . var N N ' : Nat . var X : Name . var Env : Map{K , K} . var V V ' : KResult . var I : Int . var Ptr Mem : Map{K , K} . var K K1 K2 : K . var S : String . --- evaluating the lhs of an equality to LVal mb kcxt * K1 := K2 : K [ metadata " strict ( K1 ) " ] . op [ [ _ ] ] : Pgm -> Config . eq [ [ P ] ] = < T > < k > mk K( P ) </k> < env > .empty </env > < mem > .empty </mem > < ptr > .empty </ptr > < nextItem > item ( 1 ) </nextItem > < out > stream ( " " ) </ out > </ T> . eq # ( true ) = # ( 1 ) . eq # ( false ) = # ( 0 ) . ceq if ( # ( I ) ) K1 else K2 = K2 if I eq 0 . ceq if ( # ( I ) ) K1 else K2 = K1 if I neq 0 . --- discarding the value of an expression statement . eq V ; = .K . mb keq < k > [ [ X == > V ] ] ...</k> < env >... X |-> V ...</env> : K . mb keq < k > [ [ X := V == > V ] ] ...</k> < env > [ [ Env == > Env [ X <- V ] ] ] </env > : K . mb keq < k > [ [* # ( N ) == > V ] ] ...</k> < mem >... #( N ) |-> V ...</mem > : K . mb keq < k > [ [* # ( N ) := V == > V ] ] ...</k> < mem >... # ( N ) |-> [ [ V ' == > V ] ] ...</ mem > : K . mb keq < k > [ [ while ( K1 ) K2 == > if ( K1 ) ( K2 -> while ( K1 ) K2 ) else .K ] ] ...</k> : K . op alloc : Nat Nat ->
Map{K , K} . eq alloc( N , 0 ) = .empty . eq alloc( N , s( N ' ) ) = ( # ( N ) |-> # ( 0 ) ) &' alloc( N + 1 , N ' ) . op freeMem : Map{K , K} Nat Nat ->
Map{K , K} . eq freeMem ( Mem , N , 0 ) = Mem . eq freeMem (( Mem &' ( # ( N ) |-> V ) ) , N , s( N ' ) ) = freeMem ( Mem , N + 1,N ' ) . mb keq < k > [ [ malloc ( #( N ) ) == > # ( N' ) ] ] ...</k> < ptr >... [ [ .empty == > ( # ( N' ) |-> # ( N ) ) ] ]
...</ ptr> < nextItem > [ [ item ( N' ) ==> item ( N ' ) + N ] ] </nextItem > < mem >... [ [ .empty == > alloc( N' , N ) ] ] ...</ mem > : K . mb keq < k > [ [ free ( # ( N ) ) ==> void ] ] ...</k> < ptr >... [ [ # ( N ) |-> #( N' ) ==> .empty ] ] ...</ ptr> < mem > [ [ Mem == > freeMem ( Mem , N , N ' ) ] ] < /mem > : K . mb keq < k > [ [ printf ( " %d " , #( I ) ) ==> void ] ] ...</k> < out > [ [ stream ( S ) ==> stream ( S + string ( I,10 ) + " " ) ] ]
</out > : K . endm
Note that the generated configuration module ( KERNELC-K-CONFIGURATION ) and the k - prelude K- RULES module must be now included explicitly ( they needed not be mentioned in the Full - Maude version ) .
K- contexts , K-equations , and K- rules are encoded as membership axioms to sorts Kcxt , Keq , and Krl , respectively .
Note that membership axioms are only used as a notation ; there is no membership - related semantics associated to them .
For example , the K-equation for retrieving a value form the environment
keq < k > [ [ X == > V ] ] ...</k> < env >... X |-> V ...</env > .
would be written using this convention as
mb keq < k > [ [ X == > V ] ] ...</k> < env >... X |-> V ...</env> : K .
Similarily , the K - context definition
kcxt * K1 := K2 [ strict ( 1 ) ] .
would be written as
mb kcxt * K1 := K2 : K [ metadata " strict ( K1 ) " ] .
using metadata to encode the strictness attribute .
To compile the above module , one would need to execute the following commands :
load < base - dir >/ make -k ( makeKSemantics KERNELC .)
The output of the last command will be a module named KERNELC-K - SEMANTICS containing the executable semantic definition .
If the generation failed ( e.g. , no output is produced ) , you could try to use :
red in MAKE-K- SEMANTICS : makeKSemantics ( " KERNELC " ) .
to view and analyze the core dump .
Scripts automating the process
Several bash scripts ( should work on unix / linux , might also work on windows under cygwin ) are provided in the base directory of K , to automate the generation process for the Core Maude version .
These are makeK which takes a file containing one of the syntax / configuration / semantics modules and generates the corresponding K module , buildK which runs makeK to generate all files at once ( good for already written definitions ) , and cleanK which removes the files generated by the other scripts .
This script only work assuming certain conventions are followed in naming and structuring the files containing the modules ( which are followed by all the included examples ) .
These conventions are :
makeK and buildK should not be moved from the base directory of K ( or executed through links ) , since they use their location to discover that base directory ;
and should not be moved from the base directory of K ( or executed through links ) , since they use their location to discover that base directory ; assuming the name of the language is LANG , the name of the syntax / configuration / semantics modules written by the user should be LANG - SYNTAX , LANG - CONFIGURATION , and LANG - SEMANTICS , and each should be placed in one file named lang - syntax .
maude , lang - configuration .
maude , and lang - semantics .
maude , respectively ; the generated modules would then be LANG -K - SYNTAX , LANG-K- CONFIGURATION , and LANG -K - SEMANTICS , and each would be placed in one file named lang - k- syntax .
maude , lang - k- configuration .
maude , and lang - k- semantics .
maude , respectively ;
, , and , and each should be placed in one file named , , and , respectively ; the generated modules would then be , , and , and each would be placed in one file named , , and , respectively ; makeK takes as argument the name of the file containing the module which should be compiled ( with or without extension ) , and should generate the corresponding K module and write it in the corresponding file ; Important : the file should be self contained and loadable in maude without significant errors , i.e. , it should specify inside the files it depends on ( such as k - prelude , lang - k - syntax , lang - k - configuration , and so on ) ; that is why makeK should be run in order on the files to be generated .
Important : the name of the Maude executable ( including path , if necessary ) should be set on line 2 of makeK
takes as argument the name of the file containing the module which should be ( with or without extension ) , and should generate the corresponding K module and write it in the corresponding file ; buildK takes as argument lang runs makeK on the three lang files , in order ; it should therefore only be run if those three files reside in the same directory ;
takes as argument runs on the three files , in order ; it should therefore only be run if those three files reside in the same directory ; cleanK takes as argument lang and removes all files in the directory from which they are run whose name start with lang - k- ; if you are not following conventions , better not use it since it might remove files you do n't want removed .
Generating Latex
Currently this is less stable than the tool itself , and works only for Full - Maude definitions .
To generate LaTeX one can use the command ( e.g. , for the KERNELC definition ) .
( print definition KERNELC . )
after loading the semantics file , and then copy the output to a tex file .
Alternatively , script compileL attempts to automate this process , taking two arguments : the name of the file ( e.g. , kernelc - semantics ) and the name of the definition ( e.g. , KERNELC ) , and producing a tex file containing the generated LaTeX , named by appending extension . tex to the provided file name .
the scripts then attempts to compile it using pdflatex .
A man besotted with virtual maiden Nene of Love Plus , the hit schoolgirl relationship simulator for the Nintendo DS , has married her at a Guam church .
He apparently paid a visit to a church on the pacific island of Guam , pictured , where he took Nene Anegasaki ( above ) as his wife .
He plans to hold a wedding reception back in Japan , and has invited media figures to attend .
There he intends to show slides of the happy marriage , as well as the couple ’s lengthy courting and romance .
The event will even be broadcast live on NicoNico Douga – those with nothing better to do can view it at 12:00 on the 22nd of November .
A small but vocal minority of otaku have lately taken to espousing fantasy marriage with 2D characters as something the law should recognise , and it seems this is but the latest effort to bring this about .
No wonder Japan ’s wives are aghast at the competition offered by the game ’s virtual maidens , regarded by many to be vastly cheaper than their low - tech competitors …
WASHINGTON 
In their first African venture together in 2006 , the future president and the former fighter pilot stood in what had been Nelson Mandela ’s jail cell on Robben Island , once an international symbol of oppression .
It was , by many accounts , the beginning of a friendship between President Obama and the former pilot , Maj. Gen. J. Scott Gration .
And in March , the president enlisted the general to help resolve another African scourge in Sudan , where a campaign of killing has left hundreds of thousands of people dead and millions displaced .
On Monday , the administration unveiled a new policy in Sudan , outlining an effort that officials said was aimed at ending the mass human suffering there , promoting a definitive peace and preventing Sudan from serving as a haven for terrorists .
Though the details of the policy remained classified , senior administration officials described it as a mix of incentives and pressure to compel cooperation from the government in Khartoum , Sudan ’s capital .
Glaringly absent were the tougher sanctions and no- flight zones that Mr. Obama had called for in his bid for president .
Rather than issuing threats to the Sudanese government , the policy proposes to “ engage with allies and with those with whom we disagree . ”
Pelosi skeptical about Afghan surge , McChrystal
Speaker Nancy Pelosi , in an expansive sit- down with Charlie Rose , expressed deep doubts that House Democrats will support a major troop surge in Afghanistan -- even as she claimed to be " agnostic " heading into Tuesday 's critical meeting at the White House .
Pelosi was more sanguine about the prospects for health care reform , expressing hope she might even be able to quickly deliver a health care bill as a " Thanksgiving present " to the country .
The speaker , appearing on Rose 's Bloomberg TV show , had tart words for Gen. General Stanley McChrystal , who has publicly aired his judgment that 40,000 additional troops are needed to defeat Islamic insurgents .
" Let me say this about General McChrystal , with all due respect , " said the San Francisco Democrat .
" His recommendations to the president should go up the line of command .
They should n't be in press conferences . "
Pelosi , who will meet with President Barack Obama and leaders of both parties on Tuesday , sided with Vice President Joe Biden , who is advocating a more limited counter - insurgency terrorism strategy that targets Al Qaeda and their Taliban allies .
" Tomorrow afternoon I may have a different view after I hear what the president has to say .
But at this point , I share the [ what ] the vice president is saying about the approach that he would take , " Pelosi told Rose .
" I 've also made it clear it 's a very difficult vote to get from the members , " she added .
" Their constituents do n't like an escalated war in Afghanistan .
They 'd like to see a different approach .
But let 's see what the president has to say . "
Pelosi struck a more optimistic note on health care reform , expressing confidence that her members -- even the conservative Blue Dog Democrats -- would eventually pass a bill that includes a public option , saying that major negotiations still loomed over Medicare allocations in competing House committee bills .
" It 's not about me , " she said . "
It 's about what meets the needs of the American people .
And I had said that we will bring a bill to the floor in the House of Representatives that has a public option in it .
It 's necessary because it will lower cost .
A robust public option saves $ 110 billion in the bill . "
She added : " I would like to see us have this as a Thanksgiving present for the American people .
But it will certainly be this year . "
Full transcript , after the jump .
The Charlie Rose Show Session One
Guest :
Nancy Pelosi
Charlie Rose :
Nancy Pelosi is here .
She is , as you know , the speaker of the House of Representatives and leader of the largest Democratic majority in the House in over a decade .
Her agenda at this busy time covers virtually every important issue facing the country , certainly healthcare reform , climate change , economic crisis , and the war in Afghanistan .
Her immediate priority is shepherding a healthcare bill through Congress .
She has told her caucus that this will be the most important vote in their political careers .
At the White House today , President Obama continues to lobby for reform with doctors from across the country and here is what he said .
[ clip playing ]
Charlie Rose :
I am pleased to have Speaker Pelosi back at this table here in New York .
Welcome .
Nancy Pelosi :
My pleasure .
Charlie Rose :
So here is the president saying , “ The debate is over ; let 's vote , ” essentially .
Where does the healthcare reform stand , and how do you see it coming to fruition and when ?
Nancy Pelosi :
I believe that there is no doubt that we will have a good , strong health insurance reform bill , that everyone knows the current system , while is has much to recommend it , has areas that need to be fixed .
So where we are now is all of the committees are finishing their work .
These bills will be brought together .
They will be evaluated by the congressional budget office to ensure that they do not add to the deficit , and in a matter of weeks we will be able to bring legislation to the floor .
Charlie Rose :
And can you assure your Democratic colleagues in the House that public options , a public option , will be in the bill or you will not support it ?
Nancy Pelosi :
Well , there is an issue of what is the consensus within our Democratic caucus .
It 's not about me .
It 's about what meets the needs of the American people .
And I had said that we will bring a bill to the floor in the House of Representatives that has a public option in it .
It 's necessary because it will lower cost .
A robust public option saves $ 110 billion in the bill .
Secondly , it will increase competition , and President Obama has said he sees the public option as the best way to keep the insurance companies honest and to increase competition .
That 's what we must do in order to lower costs in the long run .
Charlie Rose :
So what happens -- and this is the big question -- if the Senate passes a bill that does not have a public option , and you pass a bill that does have a public option and you go to conference ?
Nancy Pelosi :
Well , let 's not go too fast on the Senate side .
The Senate has two bills on the table ; one has a public option in it .
The first bill that passed out of committee , Senator Kennedy led the way on that bill .
And now we have the bill coming out of the Finance Committee .
The Senate leadership will harmonize those bills and bring something to the floor .
And then we 'll work out will and -- with the support of the American people , overwhelming -- around two - thirds of the American people support a public option -- because they know what it means to them .
They have been at the mercy of the insurance company .
They know competition is necessary .
So it 's less cost to them personally , less cost to their businesses .
It 's more competition business - wise and for the economy , and it will help reduce the national deficit .
Charlie Rose :
But I hear you saying , “ I 'm not prepared at this time to say that I will not support a bill that comes out of conference that does not have a public option . ”
Nancy Pelosi :
The legislative process is such that you take it one step at a time and you build strength along the way .
And I believe that we will have a very strong hand going into the conference with the public option .
Charlie Rose :
It is said , in today 's reports that I saw , that the president is heavily lobbying for public option behind closed doors .
Nancy Pelosi :
I certainly hope so .
Charlie Rose :
Well , he 's obviously speaking with Senator Snowe and he 's speaking with Senator Nelson and he 's speaking with others .
Chuck Schumer , Senator from New York says he thinks public option is a real possibility after the 13 - 10 vote coming out of the Senate .
Is that the intelligence you hear ?
Nancy Pelosi :
I can only speak for the House of Representatives .
Charlie Rose :
I know , but you talk to Senators .
Nancy Pelosi :
Well , let me say this .
The president spoke to the doctors today , and the doctors overwhelming support a public option .
In fact , 75 % of them support either a single pay or public option .
Public option is what we have on the table , and the number of doctors supporting it is overwhelming , as it is supported that way with the American people .
So I would n't be surprised if the Senate , hearing the public view and why , would move toward a public option because it saves so much money .
Charlie Rose :
Is said that this is the political reality , which you mentioned in the quote that I led in my introduction to you , that Democratic members of Congress do not want to go into the next election cycle without healthcare reform having passed or otherwise they may be in jeopardy .
Nancy Pelosi :
Well , Democrats do n't want to go forward without health insurance legislation passed because it's what the American people need .
It 's so long overdue .
If we had done what Teddy Roosevelt led the way with , a Republican , what Harry Truman tried to lead the way on , what Richard Nixon supported , then , of course -- Jimmy Carter and then the Clintons , our healthcare situation in America would be much , much better , and our fiscal -- our budget situation would be better .
So it 's about the American people .
It 's about the health and financial security of individuals .
It 's about the competitiveness of our businesses , especially our small businesses , which do very well under this bill .
It 's about to dynamism of our economy .
We can compete internationally without having to compete unfairly because we have this anvil of healthcare costs around the necks of our businesses , and again , as the president has said , healthcare reform is entitlement reform .
It will reduce the medical costs --
Charlie Rose :
The burden of entitlement that is troubling the future of our economy .
Nancy Pelosi :
Absolutely .
It 's absolutely essential .
Even , Charlie , if every person in America , every person in America had healthcare and loved what they had , we could n't sustain it .
It 's unsustainable .
It 's unaffordable , and the cost to the federal budget just will undermine the health of the American people as well as take us deeply into debt .
Charlie Rose :
And if it has public -- just the politics again -- if it has a public option provision coming out of conference , you can keep your blue dog Democrats in line to support a bill that has a public option ?
Nancy Pelosi :
My blue dog Democrats are the country 's blue dog Democrats .
Charlie Rose :
Exactly .
You are their leader .
Nancy Pelosi :
Well , they are great members of Congress , and they have supported in one form or another , many of them -- some of them voted for a public option in the committees on which they serve .
So they have not been an obstacle to the public option .
The question is : which form will it take ?
Will it be -- not to get too technical -- will it be according to Medicare rates , or will it be negotiated rates ?
That 's really the fight .
Some of them honestly believe -- and I respect that judgment -- that in their areas where the
2
hospitals and the providers , the negotiated rate is a better way to go .
And we 're listening to each other .
And we will built consensus , and it wo n't be anything direction that we will give .
But it will be the consensus of those who want healthcare reform as to how we go forward .
Charlie Rose :
Many people think the Senate bill will look something like what came out of the Senate Finance Committee .
Nancy Pelosi :
I do n't know that .
Charlie Rose :
You do n't believe that .
Nancy Pelosi :
I do n't know it .
I do not think that they would dismissal of the work that was done by what is called the HELP Committee .
Charlie Rose :
Right .
Nancy Pelosi :
Health , education , labor intentions , that is Senator Kennedy 's committee .
Charlie Rose :
Okay , yeah , exactly .
Right .
Nancy Pelosi :
I do n't think that they would dismiss the work .
Well , they had two different jurisdictions in any event .
So there will have to be a harmonizing of those bills .
And the HELP bill resembles a great deal of what we 're doing in the House .
Charlie Rose :
What will be the biggest issues if in fact we get healthcare coming out of the House and healthcare reform coming out of the Senate ?
What will be the differences that you foresee between the two bodies ?
Nancy Pelosi :
Just relating to the Finance Committee bill --
Charlie Rose :
Sure .
Nancy Pelosi :
-- for the moment .
Charlie Rose :
Exactly .
Nancy Pelosi :
Because we have a great deal in common with the HELP bill .
Charlie Rose :
Right .
Nancy Pelosi :
But I strongly support what we are doing because it 's much better for the middle class .
We have certain principles .
Middle class affordability to the extent that their bill may appear to cause less in the number that they put out , where does that cost come from ?
Does it ride on the back of the middle class ?
What we want to do is make this affordable for the middle class throughout .
That is a principle .
Another one is security for our seniors .
Our bill goes much farther in terms of closing the donut hole , which means reducing prescription drug prices , retaining the benefits they have .
If they like the doctor they have , they can keep him , and also in terms of making Medicare solvent for five more years , so retaining that excellent source of benefits to our seniors .
The bill is much better for seniors .
We believe also that we do a better job for small businesses .
In the absence of our taking action and the action described in our bill , small businesses will have a price tag of $ 2 1/2 trillion over the next ten years .
That 's just unbearable .
You ca n't sustain it .
And so what this bill does is try to level -- make a level playing field among businesses so that -- I mean , small business -- some people in small business pay more for their insurance than someone who works in a large corporation .
It just is n't fair , and we want to make that change .
So in those three areas , we believe that our legislation goes farther , and in fact , with a public option , $ 110 billion in savings to the system over the next ten years .
They 're just a few of the differences that we have between -- and of course we have another difference is how the bill is paid for .
The bill , as the proceeds has announced , the coverage part of it is $ 900 billion .
Both Houses have a combination of ways to cover the cost .
In both sides of the capitol , we are reducing cost by over $ 500 billion to cover more than half of the bill reducing costs , cutting waste , fraud and abuse while strengthening Medicare .
Secondly , we on our side have a surcharge on people making over 500,000 or a million dollars a year .
Over 70 percent of the American people support that approach .
In the Senate , they have a tax on insurance companies for high - cost health insurance programs .
So that 's another difference .
We think what we 're doing is better for the middle class .
Charlie Rose :
When will we have a bill ?
Nancy Pelosi :
My hope , of course , if you promise not to tell anyone -- I would like to see us have this as a Thanksgiving present for the American people .
But it will certainly be this year .
Charlie Rose :
But it is doable by Thanksgiving .
And you expect it to be here by Thanksgiving .
Nancy Pelosi :
Well , --
Charlie Rose :
And be on the president 's desk before Thanksgiving .
Nancy Pelosi :
That 's what I would like .
Now , part of it is that we have , as a matter of absolute fact , said that this will add up to zero .
In other words , there can be no additional deficit .
Charlie Rose :
Deficit neutrality .
Nancy Pelosi :
Deficit neutrality , to use that term .
Deficit neutrality .
And so every step of the way , we have to keep going back with the slightest change to the congressional budget office to make sure we are in compliance with that .
And that 's really the only thing that would lengthen the time between when we put a bill up on the internet for the world to see and when we go to the floor .
Charlie Rose :
Your sense is that most people have Medicare greatly admire and like that system .
Nancy Pelosi :
Yes .
Charlie Rose :
Why -- do you understand their fear that Medicare may be cut ?
Nancy Pelosi :
I understand that they have had a distortion presented to them which has some plausibility because we are saying we are going to make cuts in the funding more Medicare , which is the waste , fraud , abuse , obsolescence , duplication , whatever .
And that 's what you have to do in order to keep it sustained .
Charlie Rose :
To keep a cap on the costs .
Nancy Pelosi :
Exactly .
And so -- but what we do in the bill , Medicare benefits are improved for seniors , so our task is to make sure she knows that .
And AARP to anything seniors ' organization you can name , by and large , they -- while we do n't have a bill yet so they have n't put their names next to legislation , they support the provisions in our bill that does that .
And again , an area where we are superior to the Senate bill and eliminating the donut hole ; that means reducing the cost of prescription drugs to seniors , having them keep the benefits .
You like your doctor ; you can keep your doctor .
And making Medicare solvent for five more years , there have been scare tactics that have gone out there to say that we would be harmful to Medicare .
I remind you that Medicare , when it passed 44 years ago and about one month , signed by President Lyndon Johnson -- I wish that you could all see the debate that day with what the Republicans who opposed Medicare said at the time .
Charlie Rose :
Why -- what would you do differently if you were starting over now , about healthcare reform ?
Nancy Pelosi :
As the president says , Congress has been working on this for a long time .
And now that he is president and we have a president who shares that value and is enhancing the debate with his ideas and then we 'll sign the bill .
That makes the debate completely different .
It 's not a theoretical debate or academic discussion .
It 's a situation where members know there will be a bill , and it will be signed .
So we 're very serious about the resolve with which we go forward .
And I believe the president made it clear at his inauguration that healthcare is a right , not a privilege , and that we would go forward in a way that honored that value .
He made his announcement at his health summit , about being open to any and all ideas , and which I fully support , even when he talked about a public option , he said , “ I believe a public option is the best way to keep the insurance companies honest and to improve competition .
If you have another way , put it on the table . ”
We welcome that , and we do .
We , again , have been moving in a very -- working very hard to move in a forward direction .
So we are on course .
So when you say what would you have done differently --
Charlie Rose :
There are those who argue , like the stimulus bill , they argued the same thing , that the president -- that they gave too much authority to Congress , even though Congress is where we create legislation , that the president on the stimulus bill and on healthcare reform should have come in earlier , having stated his objectives in the inaugural speech , should have come in early and said this is what the president wants and tried to build a base of support for that .
Nancy Pelosi :
Okay .
The president got what he wanted in the stimulus bill .
On the January --
Charlie Rose :
So there 's nothing in that bill that he did n't want .
Nancy Pelosi :
Well , I 'm not saying nothing , but I 'm saying the overriding outline of what he wanted to go forward on it .
Charlie Rose :
But you were not operating from legislation that the executive branch had presented to you and said this is what we would want .
Nancy Pelosi :
Well , we had a collaboration on the legislation .
Charlie Rose :
So they -- conversation that told you what they would like to see in it , all of a sudden took the ball and ran with it and then presented them with the bill , correct ?
Is that the best way to go ?
Should we have stronger executive leadership ?
Is this administration too congressional centric ?
Nancy Pelosi :
Well , we had shared values .
It was n't as if we were coming from different places on all of this legislation .
The reason we were able to act within a month of our being sworn in , and only a week and a day from the president , is we had been making this appeal to President Bush .
This is what we think our country needs .
And so we were ready .
We were ready , and by and large , I believe the president got what he wanted in the bill and I 'm not saying that he would vouch for everything in there .
There has been some debate about how I put $ 50 million for the arts in there .
Well , I do believe that arts community generates jobs and that was the purpose of the bill .
So you might want to take $ 50 million out of 7 , $ 800 billion .
But I 'm proud to have that addition .
Others may distance themselves from it , but by and large the president knows that at the end of the day , he will weigh in House and Senate Conference , and he has set forth principles .
I think both Houses are honoring his principles .
Now he has to establish priorities among them .
Charlie Rose :
Has the stimulus bill at this point done what was expected of it ?
Nancy Pelosi :
The stimulus bill has done what the president said has created and saved jobs .
Absent the stimulus bill , we will be in much worse shape than we are now .
The fact that we lost over 200,000 jobs last month is terrible , but it 's about a third of what we lost at a similar time next year .
Charlie Rose :
So are predicting maybe 750,000 more ?
Nancy Pelosi :
But job creation --
Charlie Rose :
In this year ?
Nancy Pelosi :
Job creation is what --
Charlie Rose :
The stimulus bill was intended to do ?
Nancy Pelosi :
And it has done that , and it has saved jobs .
It would be much worse without it .
Let me just go back to -- I told you what happened on Inauguration Day .
One hundred days later , the House and the Senate , on the very same day , 100th day of the president in office , passed his budget bill , the budget which was a statement of our national value , a great budget that the president had sent us , his budget .
We put together a bill that honored his principles to lower taxes , to reduce the deficit , to create jobs , to turn our economy round , and had three pillars to do that .
Investments in education , in healthcare , and in energy and climate change .
We have passed two of those bills , the energy bill and the education bill , and now we 're working on the third .
And the Senate is moving in that direction as well .
This is about a new green revolution with the education and the innovation to match .
And that innovation is a part of our healthcare as well , so this is about a new direction , a green revolution , industrial , technological , and now green revolution because we cannot just build on past economics .
We have to create new economies , new opportunities .
Charlie Rose :
And all of this should have been put in the stimulus bill because you need to do both things .
You need to accomplish this bill in terms of sustainable economy , so you take the stimulus money , it creates jobs , at the same time , you do it in these three areas , you add money in these three areas , because that 's part of changing the American economy to make it more competitive over the long run ?
Nancy Pelosi :
We did get a running start in the stimulus package on some of it .
Charlie Rose :
If you look in hindsight , is n't there ways you could have created this bill , the stimulus bill , to produce more jobs ?
Because jobs is the one issue that our people argue that is going to be a rallying cry for the Republican Party in the elections coming up in 2010 .
Nancy Pelosi :
Well , let 's put it this way .
We have reduced the number of jobs that are being lost .
That 's simply not good enough .
But what I 'm saying , this had a positive impact , and the -- it 's not -- now more of the money is being spent out and it was -- it 's a time release capsule , over time it spills out .
Some people think the bill should have been larger .
I thought it had to be fiscally sound .
We just could n't endless money .
We have to have a top line on it , and then the best possible investments for job creation and more jobs will come from this stimulus bill .
Charlie Rose :
You 're saying we can't have another stimulus now because of the impact on the economy .
But we will do things like extend unemployment benefits .
What else ?
Nancy Pelosi :
Unemployment benefits and food stamps , believe it or not , are the biggest stimulus to the economy .
Economists will tell you that nothing does more to inject demand into the economic , because the money is spent right away .
Inject demand into the economy , which helps to create jobs while you 're doing the right thing by these -- we have to have cobra for out of work workers as well .
All of that is very positive in terms of the economy .
There are economists on the right and left who should tell me they have another stimulus .
Charlie Rose :
You say what to them ?
Nancy Pelosi :
The appetite -- first we want to pass the healthcare bill , which we believe is a jobs bill .
It will create jobs , keeping the American people healthy .
And that 's really important as well .
Just think , we will have tens of millions of more people with access to health insurance and therefore healthcare .
It 's a real bonanza for the insurance companies , by the way .
That 's why we insist that they have competition , too .
It 's a real bonanza for the pharmaceutical companies .
That 's why we think they should give more back to the budgeting on this bill .
But that 's a job of -- the energy bill is -- excuse me , is the health bill is the job creator .
That 's why the president had one of his three pillars .
The debate over whether we should have another recovery package , stimulus if you will , is one that I 'm not sure the American people are ready for .
We still have n't seen the benefits of why we did the tarp funding , remember through one year ago almost ?
Charlie Rose :
Do you worry about the deficit ?
I mean --
Nancy Pelosi :
Terribly .
Charlie Rose :
And what are you prepared to do to give voice to your concerns ?
Nancy Pelosi :
What we have done and what we are doing on deficit reduction -- and this is a very big issue for us .
And our mantra in the Democratic Party has been no new deficit spending .
Pay as you go .
For 30 years some of our members have been singing this song .
George -- Congressman George Miller , chairman from California , he had this passed in the 1982 midterm convention .
Pay as you go .
And we had passed it -- when I became speaker , the first day , we passed a rule in the House that we could n't pass bills unless they were pay as you go complicit .
They complied with that , and now we 're trying to get it to be the law of the land .
We passed it in the House .
The president supports it .
We want the Senate to follow suit , and we assume they will soon .
So in any event , in terms of constraining the enthusiasm of Congress to add anything to the deficit , that can't happen in terms of the pay as you go .
In addition to that , the president 's investments in his budget are investments that take down costs .
For example , we passed the education bill .
Two years ago we passed an education bill , the biggest assistance to higher -- kids for higher education of anything since the GI bill in 1944 , until now .
The bill we just passed about three weeks ago goes beyond that , the biggest assistance for education leading up to higher education .
And you know what we did ?
We did it in a way that changed the way the government does student loans , and we were able to redo it in a way that gave back the treasury $ 10 billion .
We just have to do things in a different way and see what we can do to return money to the treasury .
Charlie Rose :
Speaking of the return of money , there are some people that think that because -- government had to buy necessity from the previous administration and this administration , especially in the financial sector , and in the auto sector , had to take a percentage of ownership of those -- in those financial sectors and the auto company , that somehow , especially in the financial sectors , some of those -- some that will pay back with a profit .
Do you believe that ?
Nancy Pelosi :
Oh , yes , some will .
Some of it will pay back with a profit .
I 'm not certain that all of it will , but we are already seeing that , that some have that will pay back with a profit .
And we said in the bill when we passed the tarp bill last year , we said if it does not , if the taxpayer is not made whole , there will be a fee on those institutions that benefited from it to make the taxpayer whole .
Charlie Rose :
Other people who are alarmed about sort of government intervention entering the private sector are asking about exit strategies , so that this is not a transformation of the American economy or the American system , that down the road there is an exit strategy so that you will not have government ownership of different sectors of the American economy .
Nancy Pelosi :
We all agree with that .
Charlie Rose :
What is the exit strategy ?
Nancy Pelosi :
I was in Michigan this weekend and talked to people there about the auto industry and the investments that we have made there , the lifeline that we have sent is a life line for them to be viable , not like support .
And so while we have a stake in those companies , financially , we have a stake as a country , but a stake financially , we have to let the private sector -- we 're not in the business of running businesses .
That 's not where we should be .
And no matter what --
Charlie Rose :
But you are now running auto companies , are n't you ?
Nancy Pelosi :
We are funding them because the auto industry is part of the manufacturing and industrial base of our country .
That 's a national security issue that we have a strong industrial and manufacturing base .
It 's about jobs for our workers ; it 's about advancements in technology .
What we 're saying to them , innovate , innovate , innovate .
Let 's be competitive and prevail in the world marketplace .
And that 's the opportunity -- by opportunity , tax credits , grants , whatever it is for innovation ; that is another way we 're weighing in with them .
But we are not there to stay and in terms of running companies , that 's not -- we want free market , marketplace solutions to these things , and competition is key to that and notification is central to that innovation .
And in terms of the -- in terms of the financial sector , the same is true .
Charlie Rose :
Do you believe -- Paul Volcker was here at this table within the last week .
Roger Altman was here several months ago .
They both believe -- Roger , especially -- that we may have to in terms of the performance of this economy , and because of the obligations we 'll to have meet , add a value added tax .
Does a value add tax have any appeal to you ?
Nancy Pelosi :
I would say put everything on the table and subject it to the scrutiny that it deserves .
The situation that we are in is as follows : take the auto industry .
You make a car and it has about $ 2,000 worth of healthcare benefits in it .
You send it overseas , and the whole value of that car is taxed as it goes into another country , including the healthcare benefit .
They get a tax off of that and they use that money to pay the tax -- the healthcare for their own workers , so their cars coming in our country do n't have a healthcare component cost .
So --
Charlie Rose :
They have a competitive advantage .
Nancy Pelosi :
They have a competitive advantage .
Somewhere along the way a value added tax plays into -- of course , we want to take down the healthcare cost .
That 's one part of it .
But in the scheme of things , I think it 's fair to look at a value added tax as well .
Some --
Charlie Rose :
Sooner rather than later ?
Nancy Pelosi :
Well , what we will see is , as we are finishing the healthcare bill and our budget and start with the recovery , the budget , all the initiatives that we have , they have a oneness to them .
They 're all connected .
Charlie Rose :
Right .
Nancy Pelosi :
And they are part of the president 's plan to take the country in his new direction .
As we 're doing that , we are looking at the tax fairness , should we lower corporate rates .
And in that context , we would look like at these other things .
Some of them sooner rather than later , whether we 're talking net operating loss from this depreciation , some issues that we need which we think could be job creators very quickly , but also , how we look at our tax code in terms of fairness and simplification .
Charlie Rose :
It needs an overhaul .
Nancy Pelosi :
Well , it may .
We have to subject it to scrutiny .
Charlie Rose :
The president has said -- the president is on the record , there will be no increase in middle class taxes .
Nancy Pelosi :
That 's absolutely correct .
Charlie Rose :
Whatever the financial obligation is , there will be no increase in middle class taxes .
Nancy Pelosi :
Absolutely .
That is absolutely correct .
Charlie Rose :
Let me turn to climate change for a second .
Nancy Pelosi :
I hope for longer .
Charlie Rose :
Fair enough .
I want to do that , absolutely .
So you got the bill that came out , the Waxman - Markey Bill came out .
You 've got a bill introduced in the Senate by Barbara Boxer and John Kerry .
What do you think of cap and trade that came out of the House ?
That better than a carbon tax in your just a moment , and if so , why ?
Nancy Pelosi :
Well , let 's -- whatever we end up calling it , let 's just put this --
Charlie Rose :
This is not just names .
This is a different way of approaching it .
Nancy Pelosi :
No .
It 's different from a carbon tax , right .
But it's what the world is doing , and so we have to fit into that regime as well .
Charlie Rose :
And have to take the lead .
Nancy Pelosi :
Well , we have to take the lead , but we 've been laggards .
Charlie Rose :
Right .
Nancy Pelosi :
Now , let me --
Charlie Rose :
That 's why you 've got to take the lead .
Nancy Pelosi :
I 'm going to brag .
When I became speaker , I made climate change and energy independence my flagship issue .
Of course , education , healthcare , they 're everybody 's issues .
I wanted us to put an emphasis on this .
We formed a special select committee to document what the best way was to go with this .
Our committees of jurisdiction , which were like 11 , worked on our energy bill which President Bush signed , first time we 've lowered cafe [ spelled phonetically ] standard , a standard for emissions in 32 years .
I mean , that 's just appalling .
Anyway , now with a Democratic president who is facing the reality of climate change which it can a long time for the previous administration to even acknowledge that climate change was happening , that there was a crisis and that human behavior had an impact on it , and change in behavior could have a positive impact on it .
But now we 're in a different place .
So we 've been laggards in this .
So in our legislation , seeing the necessity of a national security issue to reduce our dependence on foreign oil , as an economic issue , to have the [ unintelligible ] grain technologies and the green revolution , to keep us number one in the world economy on these technologies as a health issue , to reduce the emissions in the air to keep our kids healthier , and as a moral issue to pass this planet on to the next generation in a responsible way .
But in addition to that , why we had the collaboration of Evangelicals was they believed , as do many of us that this planet is God 's creation , and we have a moral responsibility to preserve it and to do so in a way that does not hurt the poor .
That 's their two - pronged attack .
So we had Evangelicals and scientists at the table , business and labor environmentalists , every sector that you can imagine .
Charlie Rose :
People like Edmond R. Wilson [ spelled phonetically ] [ unintelligible ] were pushing hard for that .
Nancy Pelosi :
It was due -- and so that was why we were able to pass legislation .
It 's a heavy lift .
It 's very hard because it represents change .
Some people do n't like the name cap in trade because it's a mystery to people .
What does that mean ?
But whatever -- by whatever name it is , it is the world system that other countries are operating on .
Charlie Rose :
France has passed a carbon tax .
I mean , that 's what we have done .
And I know a lot of people in the industry feel , I mean across the board , in terms of , who have a shared idea of commitment to climate change and to reducing the emissions believe that a carbon tax is better than cap in trade .
Nancy Pelosi :
In theory -- and I think Al Gore would probably agree with that .
Charlie Rose :
Right .
Nancy Pelosi :
That 's not a disagreement , but it has --
Charlie Rose :
But you can't have it in the Congress because nobody will buy into something that has tax on the title of it .
Nancy Pelosi :
Well , that 's not why .
I mean , if there were -- if we were the initiators , which we are the laggards , but now we 're getting with it .
The carbon tax is efficient .
You know , it is easily understood by people , opposed by many of terms of its sound .
It 's a tax .
So this is not to debunk what that is .
This is so say that while -- so what you say about France , the EU and many more people are -- countries are looking to how we can cap emissions , capture them and sequester them in the ground .
Charlie Rose :
Right , right .
Nancy Pelosi :
And then trade the credits for those emissions in order to get us to move forward in a way that will happen , that will work , and so --
Charlie Rose :
But you seem to be saying cap in trades are better than simply a carbon tax .
That seems to be what you are saying .
Nancy Pelosi :
I 'm saying it because it is more readily at work in the rest of the world .
Charlie Rose :
Okay .
Let me -- the emissions standards coming out of the Waxman Bill .
Nancy Pelosi :
Right --
Charlie Rose :
Are they as strong as they can be ?
Or you 'd like to see them stronger ?
Nancy Pelosi :
Well , we always like to see them stronger .
And in the Senate bill , they are .
Charlie Rose :
Right .
Nancy Pelosi :
They are stronger .
So we would hope that they would prevail in conference .
But this is what we could pass in the House .
And this was historic .
It was remarkable .
Charlie Rose :
Just for the benefit of the record , what is the standard said by Waxman - Markey .
Nancy Pelosi :
By -- by -- 17 percent by 2020 .
Charlie Rose :
Right . 17 percent of 1990 standards or 17 percent of --
Nancy Pelosi :
Yeah , and then 20 , and then the same measure in the Senate 20 percent .
So anywhere , they 're 3 percentage points ahead of us by the same standard .
And this was a heavy lift .
But everything is a heavy lift .
Charlie Rose :
Okay .
Nancy Pelosi :
It 's all a heavy lift because you 're bringing together people from all different parts of the country which view this differently .
And we were able to pass that legislation .
I 'm very , very proud of it .
And I 'm excited about what the Senate is doing .
Charlie Rose :
Do you want your president to go to Copenhagen ?
Nancy Pelosi :
Yes , of course I do .
Charlie Rose :
He 'll go ?
Nancy Pelosi :
I have no idea .
I have no idea .
Charlie Rose :
You want the United States to take the lead in this .
Not -- more so than any other country in the world , that this is a responsibility that we ought to and responsibility of a country that wants to lead , to play an important part of the leadership of the world , to seize control of the climate change .
Nancy Pelosi :
Well , to join ; join with other countries in it because if we 're not though , it gives everyone else an out .
Charlie Rose :
Exactly .
Nancy Pelosi :
It gives everyone else an out .
I had a climate change visit to China , very high level visit .
Met with the president , the prime minister , and we talked climate change and human rights --
Charlie Rose :
I want to get to that , too .
Go ahead .
Nancy Pelosi :
But they never expected that we would have passed our bill out of committee , and we did the day before we left for China .
We passed it out of committee and then we came back and passed it in the House .
It sent a completely different signal .
When they have come here in the past , they thought Congress is not going to act .
The U.S. is not going to have any standard .
But we do , and we will --
Charlie Rose :
My understanding is that the Bush administration had problems with Kyoto in part because they did n't want to do anything unless they could get the Chinese and the Indians to agree , and they could n't get them to agree and that was part of the reason the United States did n't sign on to Kyoto .
Is that true or not ?
Nancy Pelosi :
That goes back awhile , because Kyoto was , of course , during the Clinton administration as well .
Charlie Rose :
But the Bush people were against it .
Nancy Pelosi :
Absolutely , and the Republicans in Congress -- as a matter of fact , I 'm an appropriator , that 's my experience in Congress , and almost every bill we passed , the Republican majority would have an amendment that would say no funds in this act can be used to study climate change or Kyoto treaty .
Charlie Rose :
This is the difficult thing for China and India , especially China , a manufacturing economy .
They are saying that there is a limit on standards , emission standards that they will support if it effects their growth .
Nancy Pelosi :
You 're talking about China now ?
Charlie Rose :
Yes .
Nancy Pelosi :
Now , the Chinese are doing incredible things .
They are doing remarkable things .
Charlie Rose :
With wind and solar and everything else .
Nancy Pelosi :
Wind , solar , batteries .
Charlie Rose :
Coal .
Nancy Pelosi :
Coal --
Charlie Rose :
Not so good .
Exactly .
Nancy Pelosi :
Coal has a place .
What we want to do with coal is to sequester it .
Charlie Rose :
Right .
Nancy Pelosi :
But , you know , coal powered plants which are not environmentally sound are part of the emissions problem , so in our bill , we 're very respectful that coal is abundant in the United States .
It 's cheap , and it is here to stay for another couple of hundred years , how do we deal with that .
I 'm not being disrespectful as to what they 're doing with coal , but I 'm saying in terms of taking the lead in other technologies .
Charlie Rose :
But in terms of batteries , solar , wind --
Nancy Pelosi :
High speed rail , how they build buildings , how they rehab buildings , and all the rest .
They are really doing remarkable things .
Charlie Rose :
Could they seize the lead in this kind of a thing and so therefore , from a competitive point of view , and in prestige , we 'd rather be the leader ?
Nancy Pelosi :
Absolutely .
No , nobody is waiting around for us to catch on .
Charlie Rose :
Exactly right .
Nancy Pelosi :
They have been in the lead on all of these technologies .
I saw remarkable --
Charlie Rose :
Should n't we be in the lead ?
Is n't that --
Nancy Pelosi :
Absolutely .
That 's why we -- that 's why the president --
Charlie Rose :
Is n't through where the stimulus program is going to go , to helping us get in the lead in those kinds of --
Nancy Pelosi :
But you 've heard me say it before .
I always say if you want to know our agenda , science , science , science , and science ; these four words .
And --
Charlie Rose :
The president went out to the NIH the other day .
Nancy Pelosi :
And our recovery plan , we have a biggest commitment to science ever in the president 's budget , that 's why these pillars are there .
They 're all about innovation and science , whether it 's education , healthcare , or energy .
And we are going to be left behind .
And that 's just not acceptable to the United States .
We are number one , we 're going to maintain that position , we 're going to do it through innovation , and that begins in the classroom .
Charlie Rose :
And granted you make a bigger speech about that than anybody else and you firmly believe that .
Let me go back to China .
So you go to China and you talk to --
Nancy Pelosi :
Let me just say , Alaska is melting in our own country , in our own state .
Villages are melting into the sea .
The methane gas that is being released there because of what 's happening to the polar cap -- we would go on and on about Alaska , but --
Charlie Rose :
And the Arctic .
Nancy Pelosi :
The whole Arctic .
But this is a state in our union .
I told the Chinese , you must go to Alaska and you will see , the glaciers are melting in the Himalayas affecting the great rivers of China .
Including down to --
Charlie Rose :
So do you think we 'll get -- Secretary of State of over there asking the Chinese to join in this and to cooperate .
Have we get the president going in November to China , will we get some significant cooperation on -- in emission standards and environmental issues ?
Nancy Pelosi :
I certainly hope so .
That we will -- we are working in a forward direction .
Charlie Rose :
All right .
Nancy Pelosi :
And I think the communication is very different now .
Charlie Rose :
How did they receive you obviously you 're one of the two or three powerful people in the government of the United States .
How did they receive you ?
Because no one or few have been tougher on the human rights record than Nancy Pelosi .
It 's true .
Yes .
Nancy Pelosi :
Yes .
Charlie Rose :
It 's true .
So what do they say to you ?
Nancy Pelosi :
I hope there are other people who are tough but I 'm pretty tough .
Charlie Rose :
Few .
That 's right .
So what do they say to you when you come in around you talk -- then you say let 's talk about human rights .
What do they say ?
Nancy Pelosi :
Well , let me say they made a decision somewhere along the way that they were going to extend a hand of friendship to me .
They came and invited me to China at the beginning of this -- earlier spring .
Charlie Rose :
Shows you they know something about the American political system .
Nancy Pelosi :
Yes , and they -- the invitation was from the highest level with a -- for a head state --
Charlie Rose :
So you saw Hu Jintao ?
Nancy Pelosi :
That 's right .
Charlie Rose :
Right .
Nancy Pelosi :
I spent a good deal of time with him .
Charlie Rose :
So what came out of this ?
When you say to him , “ Mr. President , how about human rights ?
Let 's have a serious conversation here . ”
Nancy Pelosi :
Basically their statement is usually the same .
This is an internal matter .
I hope that we can discuss it with respect for each other 's different systems and the rest .
It took a little bit of a different approach this time in terms of talking about environmental justice because I started to tell you about the glaciers melting in the Himalayas .
750,000 people approximately die in China each year from auto emissions , from the -- tens of millions of people do not have access to clean water .
Clean air .
The --
Charlie Rose :
Clean water a serious problem .
Nancy Pelosi :
Serious problem .
The Gobe Desert is encroaching on the rest of China .
There are sand storms in Beijing .
They know that there is something that has to be done about climate change and environmental protection , so my pitch to them is there has to be environmental justice , as you develop , and as you compete .
You can't leave people behind .
And so what we have been saying about human rights in China of late is that it 's about transparency , and openness , and accountability , and justice in terms of how they move forward on climate change .
Charlie Rose :
Okay , Afghanistan .
Nancy Pelosi :
Yes .
Charlie Rose :
What do you want the president to do ?
Nancy Pelosi :
What is right .
Charlie Rose :
Well , clearly you want him to do what is right .
What do you think is right ?
Nancy Pelosi :
Well , the president -- we 'll meet with the president tomorrow bipartisan way , House and Senate .
Charlie Rose :
Oh , you mean -- what does that mean .
I mean , you and John Boehner and --
Nancy Pelosi :
Well , it 's a more expansive group than that .
Charlie Rose :
[ unintelligible ]
Nancy Pelosi :
The leadership of the House and Senate , Democrats and Republicans , and then the senior Dem -- or the chairman and the ranking member of the committees of jurisdiction on national security .
So under 40 people , but a -- you know , tens of people .
Charlie Rose :
And what 's going to take place in this meeting ?
Nancy Pelosi :
We 'll find out when we go there .
But what I anticipate is the president will elicit the views of people there on the subject .
We 'll , perhaps -- at some point , we 'll have to have an array of options put before us to see what the needs are .
In other words , even general McChrystal has said unless there is a strategy , we should n't resource the mission .
Charlie Rose :
Everybody has said that .
Everybody says you 've got to have a strategy before you decide how many trips you need .
Nancy Pelosi :
Right , and the military 's role is to say if this is the plan , this is how many troops we need to fulfill the mission .
And so which plan will it take ?
Charlie Rose :
So you do n't have any problem with what General McChrystal said in his speech or in the press conference , do you ?
Nancy Pelosi :
Well , I do n't know exactly -- I do n't know everything he said .
Charlie Rose :
Well , I 'll tell you one thing he said .
He said he could n't -- they suggested the Biden proposal had been leaked with the Biden ideas .
We ought to make al - Qaeda the target , not the Taliban , limited number of troops .
And General McChrystal said in a press conference in London after he made a speech , that that would n't work .
Nancy Pelosi :
Well , let me say this , the vice president 's views are ones that widely shared .
Charlie Rose :
By --
Nancy Pelosi :
Shared .
Charlie Rose :
By the speaker of the House ?
By the speaker of the House ?
Nancy Pelosi :
By members of Congress and people across the country who talk to me about [ unintelligible ]
Charlie Rose :
So tell me what you think --
Nancy Pelosi :
My empirical --
Charlie Rose :
I 'm trying to understand .
Nancy Pelosi :
My anecdotal beyond that to empirical data is that the approach that the vice president is taking is one that has currency among the American people .
There 's very grave concern about it before we commit .
Let me say this about McChrystal --
Charlie Rose :
There is very grave concern about adding more troops is what you are saying ?
Nancy Pelosi :
Well , no , let me -- well , it depends on the mission .
But let me say this about General McChrystal , with all due respect .
His recommendations to the president should go up the line of command .
They should n't be in press conferences .
Charlie Rose :
That 's what Jim Jones said yesterday [ unintelligible ]
Nancy Pelosi :
[ unintelligible ] and again , I say that with all due respect for McChrystal .
Charlie Rose :
So essentially --
Nancy Pelosi :
That -- what the national security advisor said --
Charlie Rose :
So he should not have said what he said in London .
He should have just simply told the [ unintelligible ]
Nancy Pelosi :
I 'm at a loss because I have n't heard what he said .
But I read what he was reported to have said .
Charlie Rose :
Which is essentially what I said , is n't it ?
Nancy Pelosi :
Yes , it is .
And maybe you said more than I have read .
But the fact is I think that that 's not where this debate takes place .
The president gets the recommendations of the military .
There are four areas , even in the McChrystal report , and what we have all seen when we visited there .
What 's a security situation , what is a reconstruction situation in terms of hearts and minds , what is the governance situation ending the corruption there , and what is the diplomacy among the countries and the involvement of Pakistan , India , other [ unintelligible ]
Charlie Rose :
So do we have an effective government partner there with the Karzai government ?
Nancy Pelosi :
Well , that 's -- that question is certainly a stronger one now .
I would have said a couple of years ago --
Charlie Rose :
Maybe .
Nancy Pelosi :
-- I thought so .
Charlie Rose :
Right , right .
Nancy Pelosi :
But the legitimacy of the election has been questioned .
The corruption is unquestioned .
It 's there .
They have to do something about it instead of just denying that it 's happening .
Charlie Rose :
So --
Nancy Pelosi :
So it 's a difficult situation .
But let 's get back to how we got here .
Charlie Rose :
Okay .
Nancy Pelosi :
For seven and a half years , since 9/11 when we went in , everybody supported that because it was considered a safe haven for terrorists who could harm the United States and inflict terrorism on the rest of the world .
For that seven and a half years , there had n't been a plan .
And now we have a new president who came in and so in the spring , the Congress voted to give him the authority to make a -- take the time to make a plan by voting to fund [ unintelligible ]
Charlie Rose :
And he said it 's a the toughest decision he had to make at the present was sending , you know , those 17,000 men and women to Afghanistan .
Nancy Pelosi :
And I told the president that the budget , the recovery , the budget , the climate bill , you name it , they 're all heavy lift .
There is n't an easy vote in Congress .
Nothing was as difficult as winning that vote on supporting the president on Afghanistan and Iraq .
Never .
Charlie Rose :
Nothing was as difficult --
Nancy Pelosi :
As difficult as that .
That was --
Charlie Rose :
Because ?
Nancy Pelosi :
Well , first of all , we only had two Republican votes .
The Republicans voted -- for all their talk of supporting the troops , they all voted , by and large , against the bill .
The -- and so we had to say to the House members who had really thought they had cast their last vote for a supplement , not regular part of the budget bill .
We said the president 's been in only a few months .
Give him a chance to put his own plan together .
Now we eagerly await the plan , and then we 'll make a judgment as to what resources are appropriate .
Charlie Rose :
Would it be fair for me to say that I hear the speaker of the House not directly but indirectly having grave concern about adding more troops and having difficulty imagining a strategy that would justify more troops in Afghanistan ?
Nancy Pelosi :
Tomorrow afternoon I may have a different view after I hear what the president has to say .
But at this point , I share the --
Charlie Rose :
Appraisal I made of what you think .
Nancy Pelosi :
No , I share [ unintelligible ] the vice president is saying about the approach that he would take .
Again --
Charlie Rose :
So right now you 're with the vice president till you learn more .
Nancy Pelosi :
That 's right .
And the -- you have to be very agnostic about these things .
Charlie Rose :
That 's right .
No , I agree .
Nancy Pelosi :
You know , we all have our emotions in what we bring to it .
But I 've said to you before , we are passionate what you believe in , but you have to be dispassionate when comes to make the decisions , especially when our troops are involved .
And so we have to listen carefully to the difficult decision I know for the president .
But I 've also made it clear it's a very difficult vote to get from the members .
Their constituents do n't like an escalated war in Afghanistan .
They 'd like to see a different approach .
But let 's see what the president has to say .
Charlie Rose :
But maybe --
Nancy Pelosi :
As I said , respect his judgment and want to give him as much room to make the decision he needs to make for our country 's national security .
Charlie Rose :
I hear you .
Without more information , though , it would be very hard for you to get the vote in the House .
Nancy Pelosi :
Well , unless the Republicans will vote for it .
But as I said , two of them voted for it before .
They did n't like the IMF which was on the bill .
They did n't want to vote for the IMF .
Well , that 's what they said was the reason they voted against it .
Charlie Rose :
The nature of legislation .
Nancy Pelosi :
But then last year , they did n't vote for it , either .
Charlie Rose :
Speaking of that --
Nancy Pelosi :
When President Bush was president .
Charlie Rose :
How would you appraise the rancor in the country now as reflected in the House .
You know , when the president came over to talk about healthcare , when " You lie ” came out .
And then the Republicans got their exercise about somebody talking about what the Republicans wished for in terms of healthcare .
You 've got talk radio people saying very strongly that they were happen that I the president was not successful in winning the Olympics for Chicago .
All over the place , there is -- I saw Paul Krugman today saying it was like terrible , the nature of some -- and he was speaking specifically of Republicans .
The nature of their attitude , almost as if they do not want to -- that they want to question the legitimacy of this president .
I 'm not talking about race .
I 'm just talking about the nature of the expressions .
Nancy Pelosi :
The issue that we have before us now , the healthcare issue is of such magnitude to the American people , whether it's an individual person in their home , in their own budget and well - being , their business , the economy , the deficit , who we are .
And Senator Kennedy said to the president , it 's out of the character of our country , the unfinished business of America .
I think it warrants our having a level of debate that is commensurate with the nature of what this means to the American people .
This is historic .
As I said to the members , were you born to be here for this vote , to make this difference in the lives of America 's working families and beyond .
And so I would hope that we could elevate this to a higher plain .
In August we thought we were going out for civic debate .
I told the members it was going to be rough .
But when it 's not debate , it 's disruption and distortion , it 's -- it does n't rise to the level that the American people expect and deserve .
But let 's put that aside .
Let 's just pass a bill that is really great and does what is necessary for the American people and not get too bogged down in all of this .
After this is over , we can review who said what about whom , instill fear into seniors , misrepresented this , that or the other thing .
But I do n't like to take too much time more than to except to say do n't be afraid of ideas .
If you want to shut down debate that tells me you do n't want to hear how the people hear the facts .
You are afraid of the facts .
And they had to shut down the debate because of that .
But we can overcome that , and we will .
As far as the president is concerned , whoever the president is , Democratic or Republican , we all respect the presidency .
The president went to Copenhagen to represent the United States of America .
He was n't representing Chicago .
That was the team .
They beat us out .
We had a bid in San Francisco .
They beat us out , got less than them , wished them well .
But he was , there the American president .
And presidents and prime ministers , they go there and root for their country .
And they work all the way over --
Charlie Rose :
Brazil was there --
Nancy Pelosi :
Yes .
And Tony Blair went to Singapore when London won for the previous -- for 2012 .
So the -- to root against America by saying , “ I 'm glad the president lost . ”
I have n't really heard that .
Believe it or not --
Charlie Rose :
I saw it --
Nancy Pelosi :
No , no , I 'm not denying it .
I 'm just saying I can't speak to it firsthand because I did n't see it .
I would say that I 'm so glad the president went and represented our country because if he had n't gone and we did n't win , they would have said why did n't he go ?
And as we all know , he 's working all the way over and all the way back , so the president is never away from his work .
But I would hope that the level of debate would rise when it comes to healthcare and maybe that will serve as a model for how we respect each other in our conversation with each other , what happened when the president came , I thought , was unfortunate .
Charlie Rose :
On that note of hope , thank you very much .
Nancy Pelosi :
Well , hope so -- we owe that to the American people and the work that goes behind it .
We will have quality affordable accessible healthcare for all Americans .
It will can soon and it will be great .
Charlie Rose :
Maybe before Thanksgiving .
Nancy Pelosi :
Hopefully .
Charlie Rose :
Thank you very much .
Nancy Pelosi :
I hope so .
Charlie Rose :
Thank you .
Nancy Pelosi , Speaker of the House of Representatives for the hour .
Thank you for joining us .
We 'll see you next time .
Glenn
Thrush is senior staff writer at Politico Magazine .
[ Editor 's note : The Dog Meat Mafia is a four - part special report on Southeast Asia 's booming dog meat trade — a crime - ridden , multi-million dollar industry that stretches from upcountry Thailand , through Laos and into Vietnam .
The series examines the economic , cultural and illicit aspects of the controversial business , and features an On Location video that illustrates how it works . ]
TA RAE , Thailand —
Behind this dirt - floor stall , beyond the tables splayed with ropes of jerky , a butcher prepares the day ’s catch .
The animal is rigored stiff on the cutting board , its four legs pointed skyward like an upended footstool .
In view of passing traffic , the butcher goes to work , sinking his cleaver into its side and paring off belly meat in neat flanks .
( Read More : China 's latest craze : dyeing pets to look like other wild animals )
Soon , his work is arranged inside a glass display case packed with ice .
Condensation beads on the ribs , thighs , hearts and livers – as well as one skinny tail , boiled bald but for a few stubborn hairs .
“ Delicious ! ” calls out a vendor in upcountry Thai dialect .
Her cryptic menu , tacked to a post , uses only the non-specific
Thai word for “ meat . ”
But she is happy to reveal her butchery ’s secret .
“ It ’s all dog meat , ” she says .
“ From those dogs that just roam around . ”
( Photos : Images from the underground dog meat trade )
Within Thailand , this no -stoplight town known as Ta Rae evokes free - range dog meat the way Memphis conjures thoughts of hickory - smoked ribs .
The village does not showcase its signature industry , which relies on bribery and crime .
Nor does it openly embrace dog eating , regarded by mainstream Thai society as hickish and uncivilized .
The local dog meat vendors operate on a dusty side street , outside the town ’s sanctioned outdoor market .
But the village ’s discretion is for naught : Ta Rae is regionally known as a nerve center in Southeast Asia ’s stray dog meat trade .
Here , Northeast Thailand ’s seemingly infinite supply of wild dogs are corralled , graded , crammed into wire cages and prepped for export .
The destination : Vietnam , where demand for grilled dog sells for triple the price of pork .
“ This town of Ta Rae , if we had no business of dog meat , we could not survive , ” says Rev. Somkiat Pholchangwang , who runs the town ’s largest Catholic cathedral .
Settled in the 1880s by Christians fleeing persecution , and later by Vietnamese refugees , Ta Rae villagers are almost entirely Catholic — a rare faith in deeply Buddhist Thailand .
Somkiat is priest to many dog- trafficking parishioners .
He claims that most are loath to eat dog .
“ It ’s like eating your friend , ” he says .
“ But we tolerate those who do eat it .
And we tolerate it for export . ”
For decades , enterprising
Thais have grown wealthy gathering society ’s canine pests by the tens of thousands and selling them to Vietnamese distributors for about $ 10 per head .
Intelligence gathered from police , traffickers and local politicians suggests that at least 30,000 strays are now smuggled through illegal river borders each month .
Demand appears to be rising , a trend that one study from Bangkok ’s Chulalongkorn University attributes to a more vibrant Vietnamese economy .
Hanoi ’s leftover
Thai dogs were once re-sold in China , according to researcher Thanyathip Sipana , but now Vietnamese consumption leaves little for the Chinese .
In a region where many turn to the rice paddies for work , dog collecting is a tempting alternative .
Just outside town , chain - link fencing and barbed wire encircle a dog gathering way station .
Metal cages litter the grassy lawn .
Dozens of dogs pace inside a chicken - wire kennel .
A hulking black dog named Pepsi – a prisoner - turned - pet – keeps watch by the gate .
“ It ’s a lucrative business , ” says Wit , the boss of a dog collecting crew .
Though he would not offer his real name – he said speaking to journalists would bring harsh retribution from his higher - ups — the 33 - year - old agreed to a few photos of his dog pen and a breakdown of the trade ’s day - to - day mechanics .
In Wit 's corner of Northeast Thailand , jade - green rice fields reach out to touch the horizon in each direction .
A glut of wild strays roam this countryside , slinking through its villages and cities , feeding off field rats and loitering around farms .
Wit and his crew are dispatched to find those dogs , subdue them and truck them to an illegal Thai - Lao border crossing on the Mekong River .
“ The money is good , but it ’s a constant pain , ” says Wit , face flushed pink from a mid-day drinking session .
As he spoke , a dirty - blonde poodle mix — yet another of his canine pets — toddled out from the kitchen and flopped down on the doormat .
“ We have to pay police to leave us alone .
We sometimes shut down our operation if there ’s too much scrutiny , ” Wit says .
“ Neighbors sometimes complain about the smell . ”
Each day , the dog collectors troll the region in pick - up trucks fitted with iron cages .
They leave home base with small bills and plastic buckets — a gratuity for farmers who agree to turn over the strays who populate their fields .
Villagers know the trade as “ Maa Grabong , ” a pairing of the Thai words for “ dog ” and “ canister . ”
Poor villagers will often exchange dogs for plastic basins , which are useful for household chores .
When collectors cruise through , broadcasting their services through a cheap megaphone , farmers see an opportunity to dispense with nuisance dogs : the kid biters and chicken eaters .
A deal is struck and the mutts are tossed into cages by the scruff .
Less cooperative dogs are yoked with a lasso fixed to a bamboo pole .
“ This is a business from way back when , ” says Nan Nantagalik , a 61 - year - old grandmother and Ta Rae villager .
“ Country people need a way to get rid of dogs that chase their kids . ”
The plumpest , healthiest strays are fast - tracked to Vietnam , where an especially desirable dog is said to fetch $ 60 in a Greater Hanoi meat market .
But only low - grade dog meat remains in Thailand , where it ’s often mashed to a pulp and dried into scarlet - colored ropes of jerky .
The stuff is displayed everywhere at the Ta Rae butchery : on tables , in basins and strung from the roof like chewy wind chimes .
The dog wrangling , the town ’s disrepute , the smuggling by moonlight —
Wit says none of it gives him pause .
“ I ’ve never stopped to ask if this is wrong , ” says Wit , his silver necklace reflecting the amber sun .
“ It ’s a way of life , passed down from the older generations .
This is what my family has taught me . ”
Next in The Dog Meat Mafia : Corruption .
Who runs Southeast Asia 's dog meat crime syndicates , and how do they get away with it ?
( CNN ) -- Every morning , Lisa Strong 's 10 - year - old son lifts her heavy prosthetic legs and screws them into the levers in her knees .
He reaches for a pair of pants and pulls them up around her waist .
Then , at the bathroom mirror , her 11 - year - old daughter gingerly wiggles into the space between her mother 's arms , which are big and bulky and plastic , stiff like a mannequin's .
The girl twists a tube of soft pink lipstick and glides it over her mother 's lips .
" I cook , I clean , I do everything , I , mostly ... I brush her hair , " Chloe Strong said .
" When I was younger , I did n't understand .
Now I understand completely . "
The girl was in kindergarten in September 2003 when her mother lost her arms and legs after complications from a kidney stone .
" To have your children take care of you ... sometimes I feel like I look like a monster , " Strong said .
" You try not to be Frankenstein .
I wonder if they are embarrassed by me . "
Six years ago , shortly after arriving at the ER at Memorial Hospital West in the Fort Lauderdale suburb of Pembroke Pines , Strong says she told a nurse she thought she was having a problem with a kidney stone .
She had had difficulties with stones .
But miscommunication between doctors and different diagnoses eventually led to her being discharged without having the kidney stone treated .
That led to a rare tissue inflammation called " the line of demarcation , " seen as a darkening of the skin in the extremities that slowly creeps upward .
" My fingers were turning black and curling .
They looked charred , " she said .
" My toes were turning blue and black .
It would n't stop .
I had no idea what was happening to me , " she recalled .
Strong said she was told she had no choice but to have her arms and legs amputated to save her life .
" It 's a bizarre outcome , " said Dr. John Pattaras , a urologist and kidney specialist at Emory University in Atlanta , Georgia .
" But it can certainly happen .
Just imagine shaking a champagne bottle while the cork is still on .
If you have a stone , and you 're not working to alleviate that blockage , bacteria will grow and grow , and pressure will swell , preventing blood flow , and eventually the tissue will die . "
In the tumultuous months that followed , she lost her job and her marriage collapsed .
Strong sued the hospital and doctors for malpractice .
They were found not guilty .
But in an unusual outcome , the judge called for a new trial , saying that the jury that cleared the doctors of wrongdoing did n't follow the law and the evidence .
Any second trial is at least a year away , lawyers say .
That does n't mean much for the everyday in Strong 's house .
When Jesse Strong plays soccer , his mom shows up to cheer him on .
It was weird at first , when the other boys stared .
They all gathered around her to look at her arms .
" If you act like you 're Edward Scissorhands and use some humor -- I showed them my hands and how they rotate , " she said .
" They were like , ' Whoa ! ' and then you have their curiosity and you can explain it in a way that 's not scary . "
Before school , Jesse wakes before the sun comes up and helps his mom cook breakfast .
His sister grabs pots and pans and reaches for the refrigerator .
He was 4 when his mother went to the ER and does n't remember what she looked like before her arms and legs looked this way .
He 's seen pictures .
" I 'm mad at God right now for making her do that , for Him doing that to her , " he said .
" I know what 's going on , and it 's pretty easy , " Chloe said .
" If that did n't happen to her , she would be the same exact way that other friends ' moms are . "
She searches for a word to describe her mother .
" Unique , " she says .
" When I try to go to dance class and get ready for a performance , my mom can't help me ...
I practically do it myself or I have somebody like best friend 's mom , " Chloe says .
" It 's pretty hard and weird , too , not having someone right beside me looking in the mirror , like , saying , ' You should n't do this and you should n't do this and you ... something that sounds like a mom . ' "
There 's no complaining in her voice .
She 's an 11 - year - old trying to explain .
" Sometimes , I want to break down and fall ' cause I 'm tired of helping her .
But you have to do it . "
CNN 's Kimberly Segal contributed to this report .
Dmitry Medvdev :
“ It has been a year since I started my video blog , in the spring it became part of LiveJournal .
It ’s a significant period of time , so it would be good to summarize some things .
Of course , for me it is a necessary litmus test of communication .
A litmus test that helps me receive important information , in order to understand the attitudes of different people , understand the logic behind their behavior – these people participate in the blog , discuss all kinds of issues .
In the spring , I think , somebody wrote an interesting thing , while suggesting a topic for discussion – “ There are more of us here than deputies in the State Duma ” .
I ca n’t argue with that , there are a lot more of us : we only have 450 members in the Parliament , whereas the number of active blog users is more than 20,000 today ( 11,000 in LiveJournal and 10,000 in the blog on the official website ) .
For me it is simply flattering , first of all .
And the majority of them are people who have their own opinion on things , but at the same time they hear what others think and reasonably argue with it .
They have a ton of very interesting ideas .
And those who take part in the discussions do n’t just complain about problems , but they offer different solutions to these problems , which is very valuable .
And these solutions can be very creative .
According to the experts ( the data is taken from the Yandex search engine ) , there were 7.4 million Russian language blogs this spring – twice as many as one year ago .
I agree that Russian blogs are not only dynamic and contemporary , but their have a special nature , a specific Russian “ aroma ” so to speak .
I see a special significance in the fact that in my blogs people actively discuss issues of our every day life .
They do n’t just talk about some higher matters , but about organizing our every day life – in particular how to make our lives more modern and fair .
I will give you some specific examples , from the computer .
At the end of August , the Children ’s Hospital for Infectious Diseases re-opened after a renovation in the Ryazan region ( the hospital is in the village of Dashki ) .
When I was on my way to Ryazan , I saw this message about the terrible state of the hospital , along with photographs in my blog ( I guess they posted it , knowing that I was going to Ryazan ) .
I pointed the situation out to the governor .
And now we see the results .
Of course we cannot renovate all hospitals this way .
And in reality this letter about the poor state of a hospital ward should not be addressed to the President ’s administration or to me personally , but to the governor ’s blog .
But at the same time I am grateful to the author of this post – as a result we were able to do a good thing – maybe not huge , but a very important one – and I also hope that we have set an example , a good clear example for all local authorities .
Make sure you draw the attention of the authorities to what is going on in the regions , if they do n’t know about the situations , or if they simply fail to act .
As we know , secret things are sooner or later revealed .
And thanks to the Internet , it usually happens sooner rather than later .
Thanks to reports from the blog visitors , many underground , illegal casinos have been checked and closed .
If you have forgotten , I will remind you – not all casinos have been closed after the law regulating this business , signed by me , came into force .
In some places these casinos just changed the sign , but basically continued their gambling business .
This was done in Barnaul , Smolensk , Ryazan and some other places .
Following the reports , the casinos were dealt with .
In any case , I think the situation is much better now .
If you have other information on the topic , write to us .
Proper order is being brought to the notorious website www.zakupki.gov.ru.
It was the forum participants on my blog who drew my attention to the inappropriate way of naming the purchase items when some Cyrillic letters had been changed to their respective Latin letters , which made it virtually impossible to search the offers .
The technology was tricky , but we sorted it out .
As I see it , in October the website software will be fully updated .
Following my direct instruction , the Government dealt with the task .
If however the government contractor publishes a notification with an inappropriate label , this information will be automatically forwarded to the Federal Anti-monopoly Service for it to launch an extra-schedule anti-monopoly inspection .
Many topics are being discussed not only emotionally ( although emotions are a natural thing ) , but also in a constructive way , which makes me particularly happy .
I know that some proposals expressed in the blogs are subject to scrutiny by the government and agencies .
So , this particular instance of mine has proved a success , like proposals on using maternal capital and determining the amount of allowances for children , as well as on rehabilitation of the disabled and improving the pension legislation .
There are also proposals related to supporting small business – something we have been dealing with – to supporting students and various charity initiatives .
I can see questions about ordinary citizens – problems are often raised when a particular person gets into a difficult situation , or even serious trouble .
And I can see that people , no matter how different they may be , get united so as to help and achieve justice .
And it ’s done quickly .
Perhaps it ’s a reality all and those in power in particular , should take into account .
There ’ve been nearly 110,000 comments in my blog already – a whole summary of opinions , proposals and ideas of the citizens of our country , so big and various .
Now and then it ’s emotions and , sometimes , real human pain .
It ’s true that not all the contributors appear really competent in the issues they raise , but this is not the most important thing .
What really matters is they do contribute and offer their ideas aimed at solving problems .
The approaches may also differ very much .
However , what unites all those who post their messages is that they are not indifferent and try to raise their awareness about the problems and offer their ways of solving them .
This very fact deserves tremendous respect .
It is exactly indifference that dominates these days .
But we are responsible for our country .
I would like to particularly thank all of you who contribute to the blog discussions and assure you that our systemic work with the blog will continue , even though some colleagues believe it ’s not the president ’s business .
At the same time , most of the state power agencies are doing the same , without any particular instructions from my Administration .
They have obviously grown accustomed to that , which is good .
Various - level officials , including those in the regions and , hopefully , in the municipalities , have been gradually getting aware that they should know the problems of our citizens – it is something the officials simply are bound to know .
And what is important , they should get this information not a week or two after it ’s posted , but immediately – following the posts in the blogs .
It ’s not just a way of solving particular problems ( although that ’s not bad either ) but eventually a guarantee for improving the state management as a whole as it gets closer to the citizens ’ needs .
I would like to conclude this video with something pleasant , and it ’s always a pleasure to conclude something with congratulations .
Fifteen years ago the RU internet domain space was opened for Russia .
Earlier , in 1990 , the SU ( Soviet Union ) domain had appeared .
As of today , our RU domain is in demand by more than 40 million users .
Also this year , LiveJournal is celebrating its tenth anniversary , and seven million out of its 25 - million community is in Russia , which is a very significant indicator .
We can hardly fancy how LJ will evolve during its second decade .
It is clear though that the Internet has been quickly transformed into one information vehicle that uncovers great opportunities for all of us already now , and will create more of them in future . ”
Windows to Russia !
At least three youngsters in Calabasas have fallen victim to violence by fellow middle - school students after a Facebook group urged people to beat up redheads , authorities said Monday .
The first reported incident occurred Friday morning when a 12 - year - old redheaded boy was kicked and hit by a dozen of his classmates at A.E. Wright Middle School , Los Angeles County sheriff ’s investigators said .
Detectives took reports of two more assaults , targeting a seventh - grader and an eighth - grader that day at the middle school , said Lt. Scott Chew .
Investigators are trying to determine whether there was a fourth attack , officials said .
The students who participated in the attack may have been motivated by a Facebook message telling them that Friday was “ Kick a Ginger Day , ” according to Chew .
Advertisement
“ Ginger ” is a label given to people with red hair , freckles and fair skin .
Chew said investigators believe the bizarre attacks were inspired by the television show “ South Park . ”
A satirical 2005 episode focused on prejudice against “ gingers ” after one of the characters claims that people with red hair , light skin and freckles have no souls and suffer from a disease called “ Gingervitis . ”
Investigators have so far not made any arrests and do n’t consider the attacks to be hate crimes .
The first victim sought help Friday from a school nurse , who contacted the principal .
Sheriff ’s officials arrived on campus shortly afterward .
Advertisement
Investigators say the boy suffered minor injuries , as did the other confirmed victims .
Detectives are investigating the incidents as possible assaults with a deadly weapon .
Facebook spokesman Barry Schnitt said the network relies on its more than 300 million users to report problems with groups or events .
Staff members then follow up to see if groups should be removed or reported to law enforcement , he said .
Schnitt said he had not been made aware of this specific message or group .
Advertisement
“ Inciting violence against any individual or group is against what we stand for and our policies , ” he said .
richard.winton@latimes.com
Conspicuous Silences : The New York Times Buries Its Head in the Sinai Sand
It ’s like the Sherlock Holmes case of the dog that did n’t bark .
Why does the New York Times ignore or bury news that is unfavorable to the State of Israel ?
Two examples follow : the USS Liberty and Chas Freeman .
One recent — and the other a willful silence that has continued for forty - two years .
USS Liberty
Israeli jet fighters and torpedo boats attacked the American Navy ship USS Liberty in international waters on June 8 , 1967 during the Six - Day War .
For two hours the Israelis attempted to sink the ship using rocket fire , bombs , napalm , and torpedoes .
More than 200 Americans — over half the ship ’s 358 - man crew — were killed or wounded .
Israel continues to call the “ incident ” a tragic case of mistaken identity , yet for eight hours prior to the attack on a bright and clear day , Israeli reconnaissance aircraft flew over the Liberty , identifying the ship as American .
In the NY Times the following day , the attack merited only a brief article relegated to page 19 .
Even as damning evidence of Israeli aggression against the ship has come to light from a variety of reliable sources over the past four decades , the Times has continued to follow its initial policy of burying or ignoring the USS Liberty debacle .
My purpose here is not to rehash the details of the attack , nor to judge the evidence of a joint U.S. - Israeli cover -up .
The USS Liberty Memorial provides details for those interested in reading more .
My objective , rather , is to examine how mainstream media in general and the NY Times in particular have reported on the USS Liberty as new evidence has surfaced periodically over the past 42 years .
Yet it is difficult to examine reporting that has not been reported .
Over the years , evidence has continued to mount that undermines the official Israeli line of mistaken identity and strengthens the argument that the Israeli attack was deliberate — launched and continued with full knowledge that the USS Liberty was an American ship .
Sources corroborating this interpretation include : 1 ) testimony from a JAG officer responsible for the 1967 official inquiry ; 2 ) eye - witness accounts from survivors of the Liberty ; 3 ) declassification of government documents obtained through the Freedom of Information Act ; and 4 ) statements and intercepts of Israeli military personnel involved in the attack .
With the notable exception of John Crewdsen ’s article in the Chicago Tribune “ New Revelations in Attack on American Spy Ship , ” mainstream media have ignored these developing news stories .
Take for example , the comprehensive and independent investigation of the Liberty chaired by Admiral Thomas Moorer in 2003 , whose findings were not favorable to Israel .
Only ten of the 300 leading newspapers in America published the Associated Press ’ article on the report , according to Alison Weir .
During 2003 , the Times ‘ attention was focused more on promoting the war in Iraq than in investigating the truth behind an Israeli attack that killed or wounded 206 Americans .
The New York Times ‘ coverage of the Liberty over the past 42 years is telling .
Now and then , in attempts to discredit new evidence and witnesses who came forward , the Times has relied on columnists William Safire , who doubled as communication consultant to the Israeli government , and Abe Rosenthal , the former managing editor of the Times .
In 1991 , columnists Evans and Novak obtained copies of incriminating Israeli communications that were intercepted by the CIA on June 8 , 1967 .
In their syndicated column they reported two eye - witness sources confirming that the Israelis knew when they attacked that the Liberty was American .
Rosenthal ’s hasty effort to debunk their report was amateurish and partisan .
Describing Rosenthal ’s objectivity , author Eric Alterman said , “ I consider myself a defender of Israel .
But Abe Rosenthal …he basically uses his column , I believe , as a means of defending Israel whenever possible , even when Israel does things most people feel are not defensible . ”
When the media raised their curtain of silence about the Liberty , their reports showed a clear pro-Israel bias .
For example in 1992 , former Ambassador to the United Nations George Ball published a book severely criticizing the official inquiry on the Liberty .
Among major US daily newspapers , only the Washington Post deigned to acknowledged the book ’s existence , but to review it , the Post selected a pro-Israel historian who made a career of defending Israel .
The review was brief and focused on the Ambassador ’s purported anti-Semitism .
American media ’s protection of Israel extends to the TV networks .
In 1992 , for example , NBC produced a documentary on the Liberty promising to let the survivors tell their stories on camera .
After the interviews were filmed , NBC assigned a pro-Israel writer and editor to cut , shape , and gloss over information offensive to Israel .
The BBC , by contrast , won an international film award for its documentary “ Dead in the Water . ”
The film presents compelling evidence that Israel did indeed attack the USS Liberty despite knowledge that it was an American ship , and that the Johnson administration orchestrated a hasty inquiry to cover it up .
Today , if you Google “ New York Times USS Liberty , ” you will find a 2001 TV listing ( without review ) , a 1988 letter to the editor from a survivor of the attack , and not much else .
The Times has buried its head in the Sinai sand .
The Chas Freeman Affair
This past February , Chas Freeman was appointed to chair the National Intelligence Council , an advisory body that oversees what intelligence is permitted in official government reports .
Ambassador Freeman , a distinguished foreign service officer , is known for his clear - eyed views on Israel and the Mideast .
Alarms blared at the Israel lobby .
Immediately AIPAC ( American Israel Public Affairs Committee ) began an all - out war to kill his appointment .
At stake was whether a special interest group could control what foreign policy viewpoints our public officials are allowed to hold , and in so doing , place another country ’s interests ahead of America’s .
“ Truth squads ” were formed to distribute their propaganda to their allies in the media and Washington .
Steve Rosen , a former leader of AIPAC , kicked off the smear campaign by questioning Mr. Freeman ’s loyalty to America .
Media organizations like Fox News reported the accusation while failing to disclose that Rosen , himself , was under federal indictment for spying for Israel against the United States .
Mainstream media sat back and gave the lobby a free hand .
The Israel lobby enjoys enormous power in Congress .
Robert Dreyfuss in The Nation noted “ the campaign by AIPAC …using a lot of muscle behind the scenes ” to prompt Senate and House committees to come out against Mr. Freeman .
Democrat Steve Israel , along with four other congressmen who are the top five recipients of campaign contributions from pro-Israel groups , pushed Congress to initiate a formal investigation of conjectures and allegations .
Speaker Nancy Pelosi , indebted friend of AIPAC , declared the nomination “ beyond the pale . ”
Professor Stephen Walt likened these Congressional attacks “ to Joseph McCarthy ’s infamous witch hunt against communists in the US government , [ that ] relied primarily on lies , innuendo , and intimidation . ”
And as American media did in the 1950s , our newspapers , radio , and television in March 2009 played passive accomplices by repeating and reporting only the surface of events .
The editorial page of the NY Times is read by members of Congress and their staffs , and has significant influence .
But neither the Times nor mass media considered the mauling of Mr. Freeman and the attendant interference with our democratic processes worth reporters ’ time or editorial comment .
In fact , the paper did not run a single story dealing with Mr. Freeman until after the day he stepped down .
Greg Marx , discussing the Freeman affair in the Columbia Journalism Review noted , “ if you get your news from the New York Times , you were totally oblivious to this story as it unfolded . ”
The lobby , sensing it had free rein , went in for the kill .
After weeks of trying to defend himself , Mr. Freeman withdrew his nomination .
This event prompted the NY Times to publish its first story on the affair .
The article was so tepid that Philip Weiss , in his influential Mondoweiss blog , wrote “ it looks like a whitewash to me , written for a pro-Israel audience that does n’t want to read anything negative about ‘ our staunch ally . ' ”
Another columnist , James Wall , wrote that the article “ sounded strangely like something an AIPAC intern might write . ”
This pattern of conspicuous silences from the New York Times is n’t new .
It began forty - two years ago with the USS Liberty .
Conclusion
Sherlock Holmes solved the murder case by realizing that the dog did n’t bark a warning because it knew the perpetrator .
He was its friend and provider .
In matters concerning the Middle East , the New York Times , by playing lap dog to Israel , has become predictable and irrelevant .
This is why the American public is turning away from mainstream media .
This is why blogs like this are born .
INFORMIEREN
Karte der Teilgebiete
Die „ Bundesgesellschaft für Endlagerung “ ( BGE ) hat am 28 .
September 2020 eine Landkarte der Gebiete veröffentlicht , in denen die nächsten Jahre nach einem Endlager - Standort gesucht wird .
Hier kannst
Du sehen , ob Du von der Suche direkt betroffen bist und eine erste Analyse des Zwischenberichts lesen .
Pensavo che con gli ultimi due titoli de La Padania ( “ non vogliamo morire islamici ” , “ la nuova crociata ” ) si fosse toccato il fondo sul dibattito sul crocifisso .
Invece mi sbagliavo .
Il fondo spetta a Ignazio La Russa , che stamane a La vita in diretta , interpellato sul significato del 4 novembre , decide invece di polemizzare con il conduttore della trasmissione , Lamberto Sposini , circa la discussione appena terminata sulla sentenza della Corte Europea .
Questo il La Russa - pensiero ( qui il video da cui dedurlo ) :
1 . Non deve essere interpellato chi non abbia “ alcun titolo scientifico per essere esperto di religione “ .
2 . Il dibattito non può contrapporre due favorevoli al crocifisso nelle aule ( Rocco Buttiglione e don Mario Pieracci ) a tre contrari ( Piergiorgio Odifreddi , Raffaele Carcano e Mario Pieracci ) perché così si “ fa immaginare che in Italia ci sia un 60 % di persone che la pensa a quel modo ” .
3 . Non si può dichiarare , come è stato fatto , che il crocifisso derivi dalla legge fascista .
Chiunque violi questi tre assiomi può morire .
Testualmente :
E comunque non lo leveremo , il crocifisso .
Possono morire .
Il crocifisso resterà in tutte le aule ( applauso ) della scuola , in tutte le aule pubbliche .
Possano morire .
Possano morire , loro e quei finti organismi internazionali che non contano nulla .
Un breve commento , punto per punto :
1. Cosa significa un parere “ scientifico ” sulla religione ?
Intende forse il parere di uno scienziato ?
Non sembra , dato che imputa mancanza di scientificità al parere di Odifreddi , un “ illustre sconosciuto ” che ha trattato ripetutamente i temi religiosi con approccio scientifico .
Ad esempio , in un libro chiamato proprio “ Il Vangelo secondo la scienza ” .
Dunque La Russa per “ scientifico ” intende “ religioso ” : soltanto un uomo di fede è competente in materia religiosa .
Questa è l’idea di laicità del Ministro della Difesa .
2. La Russa rivela anche quale sia l ’idea di par condicio sua e del PDL : chi ha più consenso deve avere più spazio nei dibattiti .
Una idea che si cerca di tramutare in legge al più presto .
Come rivela Il Fatto Quotidiano , in cui si parla di un “ lodo Abrignani ” ispirato dal “ principio di proporzionalità degli accessi televisivi durante la campagna elettorale ” .
La Russa sembra dunque richiedere alla RAI di applicare una legge che , per ora , esiste soltanto nelle intenzioni .
3. Nonostante lo sdegno di La Russa , la presenza nei luoghi pubblici del crocifisso è in gran parte merito di leggi fasciste e monarchiche .
Come ricorda la stessa sentenza della Corte Europea , infatti ,
All ’avvento del fascismo lo Stato adottò una serie di circolari miranti a fare rispettare l’obbligo di esporre il crocifisso nelle aule .
La circolare del ministero della Pubblica istruzione n. 68 del 22 novembre il 1922 recitava :
« In questi ultimi anni , in molte scuole primarie del Regno l’immagine di Cristo ed il ritratto del Re sono stati tolti .
Ciò costituisce una violazione manifesta e non tollerabile e soprattutto un danno alla religione dominante dello Stato così come all ’unità della nazione .
Intimiamo allora a tutte le amministrazioni comunali del regno l’ordine di ristabilire nelle scuole che ne sono sprovviste i due simboli incoronati della fede e del sentimento patriottico » .
La circolare del ministero della Pubblica Istruzione n. 2134-1867 del 26 maggio 1926 affermava :
« Il simbolo della nostra religione , tanto per la fede quanto per il sentimento nazionale , esorta e ispira la giovent ù che nelle università e negli altri istituti superiori affina il suo spirito e la sua intelligenza in previsione delle alte cariche alle quali è destinata » .
L’articolo 118 del Regio Decreto n. 965 del 30 aprile 1924 ( regolamento interno degli istituti d’istruzione secondari del Regno ) recitava : « Ogni scuola deve avere la bandiera nazionale , ogni aula il crocifisso e il ritratto del Re » .
L’articolo 119 del Regio Decreto n. 1297 del 26 aprile 1928 ( Approvazione di regolamento generale dei servizi d’insegnamento elementare ) stabiliva che il crocifisso era fra « le attrezzature e materiali necessari alle sale di classe di scuole » .
Per quanto riguarda la conclusione ( “ possono morire ” ) , sorprende la dichiarazione finale di Sposini : “ io la penso come lei “ .
Per la serie “ chi striscia non inciampa ” .
Va anche ricordato che La Russa non è nuovo a esternazioni di questo tipo sui pareri espressi da organi internazionali .
All ’indomani della bocciatura della politica dei respingimenti da parte dell ’Agenzia dell ’ONU per i Rifugiati ( Unhcr ) , La Russa dichiarò : “ E ’ un’organizzazione che non conta un fico secco ” e dall ’atteggiamento “ disumano e criminale “ .
Quando Berlusconi redarguì i portavoce di Bruxelles affermando “ stiano zitti o blocco il Consiglio Europeo ” il Ministro prese le difese del Premier , definendo le sue parole “ uno stimolo perché l’Unione Europea funzioni meglio “ .
Come , con le intimidazioni ?
Da ultimo , mi sento di sottolineare una dichiarazione di Berlusconi riguardo alla sentenza della Corte Europea , che è passata ingiustamente inosservata e riassume in una sola frase quanto detto da La Russa :
L’Italia è un Paese dove tutti non possiamo non dirci cristiani .
Questa è la posizione del governo italiano .
Una posizione in palese contraddizione con la Corte Costituzionale .
Come ricorda la sentenza , infatti :
La Corte costituzionale italiana nella sua sentenza n. 508 del 20 novembre 2000 ha riassunto la sua giurisprudenza affermando che principi fondamentali di uguaglianza di tutti i cittadini senza distinzione di religione ( articolo 3 della Costituzione ) e di eguale libertà di tutte le religioni dinanzi alla legge ( articolo otto ) stabilisce che l’atteggiamento dello Stato deve essere segnato da equidistanza e imparzialità , indipendentemente dal numero di membri di una religione o di un’altra ( vedere sentenze n.
925/88 ; 440/95 ; 329/97 ) né dall ’ ampiezza delle reazioni sociali alla violazione di diritti dell ’una o dell ’ altra ( vedere sentenza n. 329/97 ) . [… ]
Una tale posizione di equidistanza e di imparzialità è il riflesso del principio di laicità che per la Corte costituzionale ha natura « di principio supremo » ( vedere sentenza n.
203/89 ; 259/90 ; 195/93 ; 329/97 ) e che caratterizza lo Stato in senso pluralista .
La Russa e Berlusconi sono dunque nella paradossale posizione di rappresentare la legge e l’illegalità .
L’importante è fare come Sposini : pensarla come loro .
E tutto si aggiusta .
# 906256 +( 2268 ) - [ X ] < popemichael >
I was in line to buy a new DVD player .
The woman in front of me was having something delivered .
< popemichael >
The clerk asked for her ' street name ' she replied " I do n't have one I go by Shanice . "
Rare Earths High - Tech Companies Face Shortages as China Hoards Metals
Germany is pinning its economic hopes on future - oriented industries such as solar panel manufacturing .
But high - tech companies are facing shortages of essential metals as China , which dominates the world market in so - called rare earths , begins stockpiling the highly sought - after resources .
Thomas Roussel and Yannick Grandjean are SomethingALaMode , SALM for the intimate or those in a hurry , an exceptional duet , and I mean it because it is a rare thing to meet classical musicians fed on club culture – musicians just as thrilled by post romantics like Shostakovitch , Stravinski or Fauré among others as by Daft Punk ‘s Homework or Mirwais ‘ Disco Science ; musicians who can launch a 2008 techno parade in front of 15,000 persons and the day after play for a happy few at the ICA in London ; musicians eager to have their album mixed by Arnaud Rebotini , the dark prince of the da… read more
Almost a year after Barack Obama ascended to the White House , many of his supporters are bemused .
His healthcare bill is a hefty improvement but it still wo n't provide coverage for all Americans , and may not provide a public alternative to the over - charging insurance companies - if it passes at all .
His environmental team is vandalising the vital Copenhagen conference by saying the US – the single biggest emitter of warming gases – will not sign up to any legally binding restrictions there .
He has placed the deregulation - fanatics who caused the New Depression , like Lawrence Summers , in charge of the recovery .
Despite the real improvements on Bush – such as the end of torture , the resumption of stem - cell research , and opposition to the coup in Honduras – many people are asking : why he is delivering so little , so slowly ?
A pair of seemingly small stories about the forces warping American politics can help us to answer this question .
At first glance , they will seem like preposterous caricatures , but the facts are plain .
The institutions that are blocking progress on all these issues – Republicans in the Senate , and the mighty corporate lobbying machine that bankrolls both parties – have rallied over the past few months to defend two causes with very little popular support in the United States : rape and slavery .
No , really .
If we begin to explain how this came to pass , then we might see why the American political system is malfunctioning so badly , even after a landslide victory for change .
Let 's start with rape .
This story begins in Iraq in 2003 .
The private military contractors sent by the Bush administration to guard the oil pipelines did n't want to get bogged down in expensive legal cases if anything went wrong .
When it came to Iraqis , the Bush team simply exempted them from all Iraqi law , in a move so sweeping one Senator called it " a license to kill " .
But what about if their employees attacked each other , or other Americans ?
The private companies insisted all their employees sign contracts saying that , whatever happens to them , they will settle it in in - house , through " arbitration " .
Why ?
While representing the company at a real legal trial costs hundreds of thousands of dollars , an arbitration panel costs a few thousand .
It saves cash .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
This policy came , however , with a different price tag .
According to her later sworn testimony , Jamie Leigh Jones – a 20 - year - old working for the contractor Halliburton / KBR – was hanging out with co-workers one night in Iraq when her drink was spiked .
When she woke up , she was haemorraging blood from her vagina and her anus .
Her breast implants were ripped .
The damage was so severe she later needed reconstructive surgery on her genitalia .
She surmised she had been gang - raped by the seven men she had been drinking with .
When she approached Halliburton / KBR , she says they locked her in a metal container with no food or water for 24 hours .
A doctor came to see her wounds and took DNA evidence , although it was later " lost . "
A guard took pity on her and loaned her his cell phone .
She called her father , who called the American embassy – and only then was she released .
In an Iraq that was collapsing all around her , there was no chance of the Iraqi police investigating .
Halliburton / KBR insisted that her contract required the alleged gang - rape to be addressed by the company 's private arbitration process , forbidding any claim in the American courts .
( If this was how they treated blonde English - speaking American girls , what did they do if Iraqis said they had been abused ? )
After Leigh Jones went public , many other American women came forward to say they had similar experiences working in Iraq .
Her legal team argues the refusal to allow rape to be pursued through the courts created a climate where it was more likely to happen .
The Democratic Senator Al Franken , when he heard about this , was horrified , and tabled a simple amendment to the law .
It demanded that no company that prevents rape victims from having their day in court should receive taxpayers ' money any more .
Rape is rape .
A majority of Republicans in the Senate – including John McCain – voted against the amendment .
Why ?
The private contractors are major donors to the Republican Party , but the Senators claim this did n't affect their judgement .
No – they said that Franken 's proposal was a " vendetta " against Halliburton / KBR with " political motives " .
Franken pointed out any company trying to stop rape victims getting justice would be treated exactly the same by this law .
The Republicans ignored him .
They voted to maintain a system where some rape is not pursuable in a court of law .
At the same time , a group of Democratic senators have tried to amend the latest customs bill to ensure that nothing produced by slaves should be sold in the United States .
It sounds uncontroversial – as uncontroversial as punishing rapists , in fact .
Yet corporate lobbyists are militating behind the scenes to oppose it .
As the private subscription - only newsletter " Inside US Trade " reported : " Business groups are worried by the potential effects " , and a source tells them there will be , " a push from lobbyists closer to the Finance Committee mark - up of the bill ...
US industry groups and foreign governments [ ie those that use slave labour ] could form ad hoc coalitions to help send a united message . "
They will fight for their right to use slave labour .
These examples are extreme , but they reveal a powerful undertow that is at work on all political issues ( and both main parties ) in the United States .
To see how , you have to understand two processes .
The first is the nature of corporate power .
Corporations are structured to do one thing , and one thing only : to maximise profit for their shareholders .
No matter how personally nice or nasty their CEOs are , if they put anything ahead of profit , they will be sacked , and replaced by somebody who does n't .
As part of a tightly regulated market , this can be a useful engine for growth .
But if it is not strictly reigned in by the law and by trade unions , this pressure for profit will extend anywhere – from trashing the environment to rape and slavery , as these cases remind us .
The second factor is the nature of the American political process today .
If you want to run for elected office in the US , you have to raise a fortune from corporations or the super - rich to pay for TV advertising .
So before you can appeal to the voters , you have to appeal to the corporations .
You do this by assuring them you will serve their interests .
Once you are in office , you have to keep pleasing them at every step , or they wo n't pay for your re-election campaign .
This two - step overwhelms the positive instincts the individual politicians may have to do good – and drags the US government further and further from the will of the people .
Obama had to climb through this system , and he is currently imprisoned by it .
It explains his relative failure so far .
Healthcare is proving so hard because the insurance companies are paying both Republicans and right - wing Democrats in Senate to thwart any attempt to provide universal healthcare coverage .
Yes , it would save the 17,000 Americans who die every year because they lack insurance but it would depress their profits .
Reducing carbon emissions is proving so hard because the oil , coal and gas companies are paying Senators across the spectrum to crush any moves to reduce oil , coal and gas use .
And on , and on .
So far , Obama has tried to co-opt the corporations into his agenda by ensuring they will profit from any changes , but this inevitably waters down the proposals , often to the point of uselessness .
The Cap and Trade legislation before Congress , for example , will barely limit carbon emissions at all because it has been gutted to please the polluters .
He will only achieve significant progressive change if he reforms the political system itself – to make it accountable to the American people , not the corporations .
He needs to change the rules of the game .
Ban big business from making political donations , and replace it with state funding .
Shut down the lobbying industry .
Make a big populist speech announcing you are driving the money - lenders out of the temple of democracy : it'd be surprisingly popular in a country where people can see they 're being ripped off every day .
The alternative is to become rapidly complicit in a system where defending rape and slavery is seen as just another day 's work in Washington DC .
j.hari@independent.co.uk
Monopoly Timeline
Minute 45 : You remember why you do n't like playing Monopoly .
Minute 47 : You remember why you do n't like your cousin Larry .
Alt - Text : " I 'll trade you your soul and that bag of Cheetos for Baltic Ave . "
GATINEAU , QUEBEC –
The debate for the future of Canadian television is on .
Crucial CRTC hearings began Monday morning in a room packed with media executives , as CTVglobemedia argued that local TV programming is threatened unless the federal government intervenes in the current Canadian television regime .
In his opening statements , the chair of the Canadian Radio - television and Telecommunications Commission , Konrad von Finckenstein , attempted to cut through the multi-million dollar ad campaigns launched by both sides .
" This hearing is not about the past , " von Finckenstein told the room .
" It is not about enshrining or protecting old business models .
And it is not about taxing consumers . "
The broadcasters , including CTV and CBC , want the right to charge cable companies for local programming .
The cable and satellite carriers , led by telecom heavyweight Rogers Communications Inc. , are resisting .
CTV suggested Canadians be offered a " skinny basic " television package – essentially , basic cable – at a low - cost rate fixed by the government , one that could only be increased by carriers with CRTC approval .
The broadcasters also argued that they want the right to negotiate a fee for their local channels from the cable and satellite companies , on a station - by - station basis .
The CRTC has twice rejected broadcasters ' arguments in previous hearings on the issue .
Von Finckenstein's opening statements seemed conciliatory to the broadcasters ' argument – that the decline in advertising for local TV stations means Canadians may lose out on programming that reflects their communities .
But his tough questioning reflected the CRTC 's predicament : the federal agency is now , as it has been in the past , stuck between two highly antagonistic entities , and is faced with the possibility that it may inadvertently pass on costs to average consumers .
CTVglobemedia president and CEO Ivan Fecan , part of a large CTV group that included lawyers and U.S. consultants , told the commission what the broadcasters have argued in previous hearings on the " fee for carriage " issue , that the business model for local television is broken .
" Mountains of evidence has been filed in all of the hearings leading up to this one , demonstrating that the conventional business model is permanently compromised , that this is a long - term structural trend exacerbated by the recession , " Fecan said .
With a furrowed brow , von Finckenstein questioned the assembled CTV executives , growing visibly frustrated by the broadcasters ' arguments .
The implication of CTV's arguments , von Finckenstein said , would lead to extra charges thrown at the average consumer , because of bickering between corporate giants who do big business with each other .
" You are in a symbiotic relationship , " von Finckenstein said .
" There has got to be a symbiotic solution . "
Rogers , which began making its case in the early afternoon , came out swinging – saying that any type of negotiations would almost certainly turn sour , leading to signal blackouts and widespread consumer backlash .
Nadir Mohamed , Rogers ' CEO , lambasted what he called broadcasters ' " destructive overspending " on U.S. programming .
He also insinuated that the broadcasters ' had failed to adopt to shifts in technology .
" They do not need a bailout , " Mohamed said .
Rogers argued , as it has all along , that a fee - for - carriage - like proposal was unacceptable , that it combined what it saw as the worst of the U.S. system – signal compensation – and the worst of the Canadian system , which currently dictates mandatory carriage , mingled with Canadian content regulations .
" We are prepared to help broadcasters reinvigorate their business models for the digital and Internet age , " Mohamed told the commission .
" We are not prepared , however , to support a fundamentally flawed compensation proposal . "
CRTC chair von Finckenstein seemed extremely frustrated by much of Rogers testimony before the committee , putting his head down in his hands at times , and repeating one idea throughout his long line of questioning .
" I must say I find your responses not very helpful , you 're taking a very dogmatic stance rather than trying to understand what I 'm asking from you , " he said .
" I think you and the ( over - the - air broadcasters ) are destroying each other . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Throughout the hearings , von Finckenstein kept asking why both sides could n't negotiate among themselves and then come to the CRTC with a proposal , which it could either approve or reject .
When he asked the assembled Rogers ' executives why they could n't just negotiate , which is what the broadcasters want , Lind replied : " We do n't have our hand out .
They do . "
The hearings will continue for two weeks , with testimony from a variety of stakeholders from ordinary citizens to other broadcasters , cable and satellite providers , and groups concerned with Canadian content , such as ACTRA , the actors ' union .
Read more about :
Just going through some old images and found this other edit I was mucking around with of the Sydney Harbour .
Kinda liked the dark look to the image so finished of editing it .
Other news my website nearing completion , have been saving a lot of my new images for the launch .
Plus also organizing my 5 week trip to the states next year .
Really looking foward to this and hoping to get a lot of images during my time over there .
Various images of mine are for sale on various finishes and sizes from Gloss and lustre , Metallic and Fuji Flex prints .
Laminating and Mounting are available and framing service are available for local customers .
Any enquires please contact me by email at kirkhille ( @ ) westnet .
com .
au .
For more information on my photographs you can visit my blog at [ link ]
All images are © Kirk Hille , All Rights Reserved .
You may not use , replicate , manipulate , redistribute , or modify this image without my express consent
Philippines Replaces Iraq as Most Dangerous Country for Journalists
The killing of at least 18 journalists who were accompanying a delegation filing certificates of candidacy in a province in Southern Philippines last Monday , November 23 has replaced Iraq as the world ’s most dangerous country for journalists , New York based Committee to Protect Journalists ( CPJ ) told CNN .
Iraq previously held the distinction after the October 2006 Al - Shaabiya attack where 5 journalists and 6 media station workers were killed .
ABS - CBN Manila Managing Editor and former CNN Jakarta Bureau chief Maria Ressa told CNN ’s Christiane Amanpour that the massacre shocked the country but journalism violence is nothing new .
“ So far , in the last eight years , out of 74 journalists who have been killed , only four cases have found resolution , ” she stated .
Prior to the Maguindanao Massacre , the Philippines already have 38 deaths for journalists since 1992 .
As of November 27 , there are 25 out of 34 journalists positively identified and confirmed dead .
CPJ was founded in 1981 but has only started statistically monitoring journalism deaths in 1992 .
MASSACRE UPDATE : Latest statements from Philippines Justice Department indicate that “ even the private parts of the women were shot at .
It was horrible .
It was not done to just one .
It was done practically to all the women . ”
In television news , a witness positively identified primary suspect Andal Ampatuan Jr to have been in front of the 100 gunmen who stopped the convoy of vehicles of the victims .
Updated 2:41 p.m. ET
A small asteroid will buzz the Earth late Friday EDT ( early Saturday GMT ) , flying just inside the orbit of the moon .
It should pass safely by our home planet , according to a crack team of NASA space rock trackers .
The space rock , named 2009 TM8 , was just discovered Thursday by the Catalina Sky Survey in Arizona .
It will get within 216,000 miles ( 348,000 km ) of Earth when it zooms by at a speed of about 18,163 mph ( 29,232 kph ) .
" That 's slightly closer than the orbit of our moon , " NASA 's Asteroid Watch team said Friday via Twitter .
The time of closest approach will be 0344 GMT Saturday , or 11:44 p.m. EDT tonight .
The asteroid hunters at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory ( JPL ) in Pasadena , Calif. , stands on constant watch for rogue space rocks that could pose an impact risk to Earth .
It was the same team which , last week , scaled back the risk of another asteroid – a large space rock called Apophis – hitting the Earth in 2036 .
Compared to Apophis , which is as large as two football fields , 2009 TM8 is tiny .
It is about 30 feet ( 7 meters ) across and was discovered Thursday by skywatchers , JPL officials told SPACE.com .
Such close passes are not unheard of .
With smaller objects , which are hard to find , announcements like this often come at the last minute .
Researchers say there is a risk , however , of Earth eventually being hit by an undetected small asteroid that could cause heavy localized or even regional damage .
So what would happen if an object like this did strike ?
" If it 's typical density , it would create a 4 kiloton explosion in the Earth 's atmosphere if it were to hit , which of course it won't , " said Don Yeomans , manager of the Near - Earth Object Program Office at JPL .
" You 'd expect an object of this size to fly within the orbit of the moon every few days or so . "
Most simply are n't spotted .
" There 're about 7 million of these objects in the near - Earth space ; needless to say we have discovered only a small fraction of them . "
Yeomans said .
An asteroid this size can hit the Earth once every seven years or so , he said .
Professional and amateur skywatchers are expected to keep a close eye on 2009 TM8 over the next few days to refine its path through space .
Additional observations will help astronomers pin down the rock 's entire track around the sun .
" We 'll have this orbit nailed within a couple days or so , " Yeomans said .
While NASA tends to focus on larger asteroid threats and has found most of the big asteroid that could eventually threaten our planet , monitoring the smaller space rocks is also vital , Yeomans said .
" They 're sort of Mother Nature 's way of shooting a few across the bow to make sure we pay attention . "
For as long as most gamers can remember , Microsoft has ruled over the dominion of PC gaming .
This was n’t always the case , but the era of competition from vendors such as Atari , Amiga and Tandy is long gone .
What remains is a company whose history is speckled with controversy , triumph and defeat .
Microsoft began life as a software developer , with little indication that a video game console was in their future .
Unfortunately , as they venture deeper and deeper into the consumer electronics industry , they are forsaking their roots .
Microsoft may not seem so averse to PC gaming to the casual observer .
When they first announced the Games For Windows ( GFW ) initiative back in 2006 , many believed it was an indication that the software giant was stepping up their PC operations .
The debut of their new operating system , Windows Vista , along with a brand new version of Direct X seemed to support such assumptions .
Many things have changed since 2006 however , and the failure of Windows Vista to launch helped insure that titles such as Halo 2 , Gears of War , and Shadow Run would suffer the same fate .
The success or failure of Windows Vista ultimately played a big hand in how Games for Windows landed .
Gamers continued to support the more familiar Windows XP , as many still do today .
Since Games For Windows was married to Windows Vista , it was flawed from its conception .
The initial roll - out of the service pushed gamers into upgrading to the new OS by locking down features , such as cross platform ( PC - to - 360 ) multiplayer .
This marked a fatal flaw in the GFW program : gamers were slow to adopt Windows Vista , and that made other publishers wary of the service .
The online component of the initiative , Games For Windows Live , has continued to evolve since its inception .
Microsoft has opened up the Xbox Live marketplace to Windows developers , allowing for the sale of premium DLC ; they ’ve loosened restrictions on their peer - to - peer matching service ; and they ’ve tightened security to protect against piracy on the marketplace .
Sadly , these features come at a cost to PC developers and gamers alike .
Microsoft exacts control over items on the marketplace , including free content and game updates .
Not only do they have a strong influence on the cost of these virtual items , but they force free patches and content through their lengthy certification process .
Stardock ’s CEO , Brad Wardell , recently attempted to put the cost of these services into perspective .
On the subject of Games For Windows Live , Wardell lashed out against Microsoft ’s service .
“ I started out as a big Games for Windows Live advocate .
I intended for Elemental to be on Games for Windows Live , but then as we got closer , the Xbox group took it over more and more .
And they have things where , oh , if you want to use Games for Windows Live to update your game , you have to go through [ their ] certification .
And if you do it more than X number of times , you have to pay money .
It ’s like , ‘ My friends , you ca n’t do that on the PC . ’ ”
“ On the console , I do n’t have to update my game because an anti-virus program got an update and is now identifying my VB scripts as viruses and I have to apply an emergency patch .
That would just add insult to injury .
We ’ve had to upgrade our games plenty of times over the years , not because we found some bug , but because some third - party program , or driver , or whatever screwed it up .
If Games for Windows Live maintains that strategy and they take over , I ’m done .
I ’m not making PC games .
I would be done . ”
The control that Microsoft tries to demand over their territory is a big part of the problem .
It may benefit Redmond to pay more attention to the still successful icons of this industry .
Companies like Valve and Stardock have made more progress in the realm of digital distribution than Microsoft could possibly hope to make on their own , yet as we move towards the retail release of Windows 7 , there are few signs that Microsoft is here to play nice with others .
If Microsoft tries to re-enter the PC arena , expect them to do so playing by their own rules .
Instead of partnering with services like Steam , Microsoft will launch their own content through their marketplace , in an ill - advised grab for a greater market share — just do n’t expect to see much ( if any ) Microsoft Game Studios content there .
The impact of Microsoft ’s shrinking interest in PC games can be measured directly by their recent participation .
It ’s difficult not to notice a sharp decline in their output .
In 2007 , Microsoft launched several PC titles – Halo 2 , Gears of War , Shadow Run – this lineup should sound familiar .
When Vista crashed and burned , it took these titles along with it , and seemingly all of Microsoft ’s interests in this market .
Since 2007 , Microsoft has only released a single title on the PC , Zoo Tycoon 2 : Ultimate Collection .
This gloomy picture of Microsoft ’s future in PC games is not confined to their first party operations either .
They may have closed down long time PC vets internally , such as Ensemble and FASA , despite efforts by both to evolve ; they also have also insured that developers like Lionhead keep their content in the living room ; however , the damage extends beyond the walls of Redmond .
Second party titles , such as Gears of War 2 will never see the light of day on the PC , and Mass Effect only made its way to Windows users after Bioware was acquired by Electronic Arts .
While these franchises may have been born on the console , others have been brutally repossessed .
Do n’t expect Alan
Wake to see daylight on the PC unless gamers ( and its developer , Remedy ) raise some hell .
Microsoft ’s attempt to blend their gaming platforms into a single brand was not completely misguided .
It ’s in the interest of all of their platforms to unify certain services .
The Xbox 360 has become the cornerstone of Microsoft ’s entertainment ventures , but Windows , Zune , and even Windows Mobile all continue to play an important roll in Redmond .
It is unfortunate that unification of these brands comes at such a cost to the legacy of Windows gaming .
As consumers we ’re tied to Windows as a platform through its dominance over the OS market share ; likewise , developers are tied to the tools that marry both platforms .
As Microsoft continues to secure exclusive content for their set top box , they will continue to be the blight of PC gaming .
Despite efforts on Microsoft ’s behalf , it may be too late to completely turn this sinking ship around .
In many ways , Games For Windows , along with Vista ’s failure to make an impression , marked the beginning of the end for Microsoft ’s participation in the already shrinking PC games market .
Thankfully , publishers like Electronic Arts , Activision , Ubisoft and even Capcom are picking up the slack .
THE “ Flight of the Phoenix ” movies  both the 1965 original and the tepid 2004 remake  chronicled a group of quirky characters who , after crash - landing a plane in a desert , built another plane out of the undamaged bits and flew to safety .
Such an industrious approach was not unlike the business model of the American Motors Corporation in the 1970s and ’ 80s .
For instance , in 1970 A.M.C. conjured up a subcompact by chopping off the back third of its Hornet compact sedan .
The oddly truncated car that resulted , the Gremlin , helped A.M.C. to weather the oil shocks to come .
There seemed no end to what A.M.C. ’s resourceful engineers and product planners could do on a shoestring budget simply by repackaging and restyling the same bits and pieces .
Perhaps the company ’s most clever repackaging idea came near its end as an independent automaker when it combined passenger car bodies with Jeep - based technology to create four - wheel - drive automobiles .
This novel line of cars , called Eagle , did a lot to usher in a new category of all - wheel - drive sport utility wagons with an extra three inches of ground clearance and a sporty attitude .
The formula can be seen on American roads today in cars like the Subaru Outback and Volvo XC70 .
This spring , BMW will reprise the concept in the X6 , a high - riding utility vehicle with the profile of a sedan rather than a wagon .
In September 1944 , Sims Carter , assistant chief of the Economic Warfare section of the Justice Department , testified before the Kilgore Committee that despite military defeat , the industrial cartels of Germany had renewed activity from bases in Argentina : " All the machinery , " he said , " is ready for safeguarding German supremacy in the steadily expanding South American market . "
Much of that market had been quietly incorporated by I.G. Farben and other financial backers of Hitler well before the war began .
In the 1930s , as German factories tooled up for the onslaught , German entrepreneurs quietly built factories , railroads and chemical and steel plants throughout South America .
The munitions industry was all but monopolized by Farben and Krupp , providing business fronts for the Nazi fifth column .
The insinuation of Nazism into Caribbean politics was directed by Alfred Becker and Arnold Margerie , officers of Farben La Quimica Bayer in Caracas .
Down in Argentina , Axel Wenner - Gren , a Swedish millionaire and crony of Herman Göring , Hitler 's propaganda minister , established subsidiaries and gracefully snatched up the key industrial plants .
Edward Stettinius , U.S. secretary of state , speaking at an inter-American conference in 1945 , warned that the Nazis would attempt " to escape the consequences of their crimes .
We must be constantly on the alert for the flight into this hemisphere of Nazi funds and Nazi underground leaders who will seek to find a refuge here for an ultimate comeback " .
Among those to slip through the Allied dragnet in occupied Germany , scramble across the rat lines set up by American intelligence and the secret orders of the Vatican and settle in South America were Klaus Barbie ( Bolivia ) , Heinrich Müller ( Argentina ) , Josef Mengele ( Paraguay ) , Walter Rauff ( Chile ) , and Friedrich Schwend ( Peru ) .
Financial and political ties in South America , the collusion of American and Latin officials and military intelligence , subverted any attempt to block the resurgence .
The heart of the Nazi Party remained nearly intact .
In a book on Nazi industry and politics , German émigré Karl Otten described the underground leadership 's ability " to perpetuate itself , and to render itself immortal , through its innermost core , the brains of a bellicose nation 's brains ... in anonymity , [ residing in ] unknown places , secluded from the world , controlling politics no less than operations in the field . "
In August , 1945 the U.S. argued for , and succeeded in disbanding , the UN War Crimes Commission in favour of the Nuremburg Tribunal .
The architect of Nuremburg was Henry Stimson , a Yale ' Bones ' man , former secretary of state under Herbert Hoover .
Stimson , a vocal atom bomb proponent , suggested it be used against Japan and every wheel and cog in government went into motion to accommodate him .
At Nuremburg , he fell back on a strategy that would become the staple of Congressional hearings - narrowing the scope of the investigation .
" With the judgment at Nuremburg , " wrote Stimson for " Foreign Relations " in January , 1947 [ published by the Council of Foreign Relations , a public disinformation bureau ] , " we at least reached to the core of international strife " .
Articulate , smooth , disingenuous words .
Stimson 's tribunal reached to " the core of the strife , " but the " penalty " for participation in genocide was hardly severe .
The directors of I.G. Farben , the economic and industrial sponsors of the Nazi party , and Krupp , the principal supplier of munitions , were tried for making war in violation of the Briand - Kellogg Treaty , and were led through a revolving door - it could n't be " proven beyond a doubt " their intent was " aggressive , " as stipulated by the treaty .
Upon their release , the directors of Krupp and Farben immediately went on to exchange Nazi gold for Swiss notes on the sly .
They hid reserves away for the next phase of the war .
All I.G. Farben facilities were left standing by American bombers on strict order from Washington .
To smooth the path to corporate growth , General Patton stepped in and - in violation of the Potsdam Agreement , which specifically called for the dismantling of Farben - reorganized the company and promoted many of its former mid-level executives .
For every Nazi convicted at Nuremberg , four were released .
Stimson 's Catch 22 demanded that it be proven the culprits had shaped war policy .
With " Judgment at Nuremberg " constricted by such reasoning , it was hardly surprising that the first trial ended with the conviction of a dozen Nazis from a pool of 22 .
For the next trial , the definitions of intent and authority were constricted even further , and 49 of the 52 leading German officers and industrialists were set free .
Dr. Robert Kempner , who might be described as an early " conspiracy theorist , " wrote that with few exceptions , " the other SS leaders convicted at Nuremberg on charges of murder have been prematurely pardoned and freed , as a result of strong pressure by certain , partly still anonymous Hintermänner [ sponsors ] " .
In June 1949 jurisdiction over the war criminals was handed to High Commissioner John McCloy , a hard - core " anti-Nazi " .
His attitude underwent a drastic change in closed sessions , however .
McCloy 's secret Clemency Board reduced the sentences of all but the most intractable SS .
Nearly a third were released for " good behavior " at the behest of the General German Staff .
Others were granted amnesty by the thousands .
A year later , Jim Martin , a Defense Department investigator , traveled to Germany to track down Gerhard Westrick , the CEO of ITT in Germany and already a mover in the formation of the Fourth Reich .
Westrick had fled the Berlin bombing and took refuge in a castle to the south .
By post he appealed for help from his Army cronies , who smuggled him to Paris to apprise Colonel Alex Sanders of the condition of ITT 's German holdings .
Westrick received a token prison sentence and was released .
The emerging order was merely a reorganization of the old .
Anyone who caught on was ignored , or if they went public , were tarred by government officials as " Communists , " including Dexter White and Lauchlin Currie of the Treasury Department .
White and Currie were investigating financial dealings with Germany throughout the course of the war by Standard Oil , Chase and National City Banks , the Morgan family , ITT , Ford and GM , among others .
The careers of both investigators were wiped out by the McCarthy hearings , and they were effectively silenced .
Telford Taylor , chief counsel at Nuremberg , saw the proceedings for what they were .
He was beside himself that the most powerful Nazis were acquitted on technicalities .
" Murder , maiming , enslavement , ravage and plunder are a familiar litany , " he wrote in 1970 .
What was unique about the Nazi conquests , especially in Eastern Europe , he said , " was the enormous scope of the atrocities and the systematic planning and meticulous execution of these hideous enterprises " . [ ... ]
To this day the CIA denies the Nazis had a plan for a comeback despite captured Nazi documents showing otherwise .
Even members of Congress and in particular members of the Kilgore Committee were aware of Nazi plans for a comeback .
They come from documents captured near the end of the war .
I just had some work done on a wart I 've had for over a year .
The doc said that he's had luck with this procedure : local anesthetic , " stab " at it with a needle , and duct tape over it for 3 - 4 weeks , no peeking .
He explained that the " stab " in a sense riles up the immune system and gets it to attack the wart .
But I 'm still not sure what the duct tape does that medical tape can't !
The California housing market was supposed to have started crashing again by now , according to those who have ridiculed the uptick of the past few months as a head fake .
As of October , however , California appears to be hanging in there .
Daniel Taub , Bloomberg : Single - family home prices in California rose for the eighth consecutive month in October .
The median cost of an existing , detached house gained 0.3 percent from the previous month to $ 297,500 .
Prices dropped about 3.2 percent from a year earlier , compared with annual declines of 7.3 percent in September and 17 percent in August ...
Sales of existing houses climbed 1 percent in October from a year earlier , the Realtors group said .
The state is on pace to record 562,400 sales in 2009 , based on the rate of transactions last month .
Foreclosures represented 41 percent of sales , down from a peak of 59 percent in February , research company MDA DataQuick said on Nov. 19 .
Home sales throughout the U.S. are being boosted by a drop in interest rates and a federal tax credit for homebuyers .
Fixed 30 - year mortgage rates dropped for a fourth consecutive week to 4.78 percent , matching a record low set in April , mortgage buyer Freddie Mac of McLean , Virginia , said today in a statement .
The median single - family house price in California is 50 percent below the peak of $ 594,530 reached in May 2007 , the state Realtors group said .
Keep reading >
Here 's the release :
C.A.R. reports
October home sales increased 1 percent ; median home price declined 3.2 percent
Multimedia :
· Click here to view Unsold Inventory by price point
· Click here to view a data table comparing peak prices and current prices in areas throughout the state
Quick Facts :
· Existing , single - family home sales increased 1 percent in October to a seasonally adjusted rate of 562,400 units on an annualized basis .
· The statewide median price of an existing single - family home increased 0.3 percent in October to
$ 297,500 , compared with September 2009 .
· C.A.R. ’s Unsold Inventory Index fell to 4 months in October , compared with 6.1 months in October 2008 .
LOS ANGELES ( Nov. 25 ) – Home sales increased 1 percent in October in California compared with the same period a year ago , while the median price of an existing home declined 3.2 percent , the CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS ® ( C.A.R. ) reported today .
“ Home sales historically trail off during the fall and winter months as we move to the off - peak season for the housing market , ” said C.A.R. President Steve Goddard .
“ However , with affordable home prices , mortgage rates hovering around 5 percent , and the extension and expansion of the federal tax credit , we expect first - time and move - up home buyers to drive home sales through the end of this year and into early 2010 . ”
Closed escrow sales of existing , single - family detached homes in California totaled 562,400 in October at a seasonally adjusted annualized rate , according to information collected by C.A.R. from more than 90 local REALTOR ® associations statewide .
Statewide home resale activity increased 1 percent from the revised 557,050 sales pace recorded in October 2008 .
Sales in October 2009 increased 5.9 percent compared with the previous month .
The statewide sales figure represents what the total number of homes sold during 2009 would be if sales maintained the October pace throughout the year .
It is adjusted to account for seasonal factors that typically influence home sales .
The median price of an existing , single - family detached home in California during October 2009 was $ 297,500 , a 3.2 percent decrease from the revised $ 307,210 median for October 2008 , C.A.R. reported .
The October 2009 median price rose 0.3 percent compared with September ’s $ 296,610 median price .
“ California ’s median price rose for the eighth consecutive month in October and sales continued to show strength , signs that California has hit and passed the bottom of this real estate cycle , ” said C.A.R. Vice President and Chief Economist Leslie - Appleton - Young .
“ The number of distressed sales as a share of total sales has shown considerable improvement since the beginning of the year , as a result of loan modifications and other efforts to prevent troubled mortgages from going into foreclosure .
This has led to a decline in inventory levels since the start of the year that is more consistent with the price gains we have seen in recent months .
“ For the first - time since July 2007 , sales of homes priced $ 1 million or more rose in year - to - year comparisons , ” said Appleton - Young .
" While this is a welcome sign , the high end continues to be constrained by the lack of available financing in this sector . ”
Highlights of C.A.R. ’s resale housing figures for October 2009 :
. C.A.R. ’s Unsold Inventory Index for existing , single - family detached homes in October 2009 was 4 months , compared with 6.1 months ( revised ) for the same period a year ago .
The index indicates the number of months needed to deplete the supply of homes on the market at the current sales rate .
.
Thirty - year fixed - mortgage interest rates averaged 4.95 percent during October 2009 , compared with 6.20 percent in October 2008 , according to Freddie Mac .
Adjustable - mortgage interest rates averaged 4.55 percent in October 2009 , compared with 5.21 percent in October 2008 .
.
The median number of days it took to sell a single - family home was 34.1 days in October 2009 , compared with 45.5 days ( revised ) for the same period a year ago .
Regional MLS sales and price information are contained in the tables that accompany this press release .
Regional sales data are not adjusted to account for seasonal factors that can influence home sales .
The MLS median price and sales data for detached homes are generated from a survey of more than 90 associations of REALTORS ® throughout the state .
MLS median price and sales data for condominiums are based on a survey of more than 60 associations .
The median price for both detached homes and condominiums represents closed escrow sales .
In a separate report covering more localized statistics generated by C.A.R. and DataQuick Information Systems , 78 of the 391 cities and communities reporting showed an increase in their respective median home prices from a year ago .
DataQuick statistics are based on county records data rather than MLS information .
DataQuick Information Systems is a subsidiary of Vancouver - based MacDonald Dettwiler and Associates .
( The lists are generated for incorporated cities with a minimum of 30 recorded sales in the month . )
Note : Large changes in local median home prices typically indicate both local home price appreciation , and often , large shifts in the composition of housing market activity .
Some of the variations in median home prices for October may be exaggerated due to compositional changes in housing demand .
The DataQuick tables listing median home prices in California cities and counties are accessible through C.A.R. Online at
http://www.car.org/economics/historicalprices/2009medianprices/oct2009medianprices.
.
Statewide , the 10 cities with the highest median home prices in California during October 2009 were : Palo Alto , $ 1,639,550 ; Los Altos , $ 1,592,550 ; Manhattan Beach , $ 1,037,500 ; Cupertino , $ 1,030,000 ; Newport Beach , $ 935,000 ; Los Gatos , $ 920,000 ; Rancho Palos Verdes , $ 900,000 ; Santa Barbara , $ 897,500 ; Lafayette , $ 867,500 ; and Santa Monica , $ 786,000 .
.
Statewide , the cities with the greatest median home price increases in October 2009 compared with the same period a year ago were : Palo Alto , 49.1 percent ; Atascadero , 33.3 percent ; Cupertino , 24.2 percent ; San Rafael , 24 percent ; Emeryville , 22.2 percent , Livermore , 20.5 percent ; Culver City , 19.4 percent ; Pleasant Hill , 17 percent ; La Habra , 16.2 percent , and Novato , 15.4 percent .
Leading the way ...® in California real estate for more than 100 years , the CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS ® ( www.car.org) is one of the largest state trade organizations in the United States , with more than 163,000 members dedicated to the advancement of professionalism in real estate .
C.A.R. is headquartered in Los Angeles .
It has been 100 years since the Geiger - Marsden experiment upended humanity 's longstanding view of the atom as a nice , relatively homogeneous particle .
When the alpha particles shot at gold foil targets bounced off at odd angles , it shocked everyone involved ( the original paper is now open access ) .
The realization that atoms have a high - mass center lead to the formation of the Rutherford ( or planetary ) model of the atom , where electrons orbit a dense nucleus .
It was quite the most incredible event that has ever
happened to me in
my life .
It was almost as incredible as if you fired a 15 - inch shell at
a piece of tissue paper and it came back and hit you .
- E. Rutherford
The Rutherford model is now recognized as a useful metaphor , but , as soon as you get into the details , it falls apart .
Electrons do n't travel in nice orbits ; rather , their orbitals exist as a cloud around the nucleus .
The nucleus is not a singular positive mass , but a complex ball of protons and neutrons that are made up of even smaller particles known as quarks and gluons .
Although all this information indicates that the Rutherford model is wrong , it does n't necessarily indicate what a replacement for the model should look like .
Progress towards an improved replacement has been erratic .
In 1983 , the European Muon Collaboration discovered that quarks were distributed differently in large nuclei than they are in small nuclei — a phenomenon dubbed the EMC effect .
This finding has since been the fodder for any number of theoretical studies .
Many theoretical models began with the assumption of an infinite amount of nuclear matter , and then used scaling laws to bring it into the realm of reality .
However , this procedure will end up ignoring the effects of the surface of the nucleus , which plays a larger role the smaller a nucleus gets .
Analytical descriptions , based on data from the Stanford Linear Accelerator , have either used fits based on the nuclear density or on the nuclear mass .
Both types of analytical fits are only statistically good for nuclei larger than 12C , which still leaves the behavior of small nuclei difficult to explain .
Very small nuclei — those below 4 He — can be described with a high degree of precision by various quantum theories , but we have n't had a lot of experimental data to compare these predictions with .
Using data from the Thomas Jefferson National Accelerator facility ( JLab ) in 2004 , a cadre of researchers have examined nuclear data for 1H , 2H , 3He , 4He , 9Be , and 12C .
The results have led the team to propose a new theory about the structure of the nucleus — as a bonus , it indicates why it has been so hard to create a general theory .
The results are set to be published in an upcoming edition of Physical Review Letters .
The researchers examined the EMC effect in these small nuclei and found anomalies that do n't fit with either class of theories .
The results from high - energy lepton scattering experiments clearly showed that the nuclear effects are smaller for 3 He than for 4 He or 12C .
This is consistent with the concept that the EMC effect is a function of the average nuclear density , since the nuclear density of 3 He is about one half that of 12C .
Problems arise when you move to slightly larger atoms ; 9Be in particular gives results that cannot be explained .
The magnitude of the effect observed in 9Be was nearly the same at that seen in 12C , even though both the mass of the beryllium nucleus and its density are lower than the carbon .
The authors argue that their results can be explained if the EMC effect is not related to the average nucleus density , but rather to the local density of hadrons inside the nucleus itself .
This hypothesis works if , as previously postulated , the beryllium nucleus is described as two alpha particles ( two protons and two neutrons ) and a single lone neutron .
This would mean that if the majority of the nucleons ( protons and neutrons ) are in a dense environment similar to 4 He , the average density would be much lower due to the distributed nature of the particles .
As usual in these types of works , further experiments will be needed to refine the data and potentially confirm or deny the hypothesis , but the authors put forth an explanation for the EMC effect that takes into account a much wider range of atoms than previously studied .
Physical Review Papers , 2009 .
DOI : 10.1103/PhysRevLett.103.202301
* Rutherford gold foil experiment paper is freely available
Lady Gaga ’s videos and performances are extremely symbolic and filled with hidden messages .
Her latest video , named “ Bad Romance ” , describes the dark and ritualistic inner-workings of the entertainment industry , by symbolically depicting Gaga as a sex slave .
This article examines the occult symbols present in the video and its hidden meaning .
The video for the song Bad Romance is a mix of deep symbolism with sheer randomness , creative fashion with corporate product placements and modern - day decadence with religious imagery , all rolled up in a great big music industry celebration .
Gaga uses her odd - ball theatrical presence to its full extent to shock , creep - out and fascinate the viewers .
I ’ve mentioned the presence of mind control elements , of the horned god Baphomet , of secret societies and so on .
Far from steering away from those themes , Gaga ’s latest offering incorporates all of them in this video , which is a great big metaphor for the music industry .
Let ’s look at the song .
Concept of the Song
Bad Romance is the first single out of Gaga ’s Fame Monster album .
If you look back at her past works , the main message of her music is that she is willing to do anything , even sacrifice herself , to obtain fame .
The video continues in the same vein by depicting Gaga as a willing victim in the music industry ’s shady inner-workings .
She wants to live a Bad Romance with the abusive , cruel and satanic music industry .
She ’s aware of all of its flaws but she still desires to be part of it more than anything else .
She is a Fame Monster … she feeds off of fame … she enjoys being famous …if she is not famous , she ’ll die or something … you get the picture .
At face value , the song lyrics seem to be about her wanting to get “ banged ” by a kind of psychopath , but the video reveals that the psychopath is , in fact , the music industry .
The song starts with a weird chant that goes
Rah - rah - ah - ah - ah -ah !
Roma -roma -mamaa !
Ga - ga - ooh - la-la !
Want your bad romance
This is the type of senseless crap drunk people like to yell in those disco dance parties you crazy kids go to .
Is there a deeper meaning to it ?.
Ra , as the name of the ancient Egyptian sun god , is still of great importance in today ’s occultism ( see the “ Eye of Ra ” , the All - Seeing Eye ) .
Roma may be a reference to the roman catholic church , but I ’m not sure .
This could be interpreted in many ways so I wo n’t linger on it .
I want your ugly
I want your disease
I want your everything
As long as it ’s free
I want your love
( Love - love - love I want your love ) I want your drama
The touch of your hand
I want your leather - studded kiss in the sand
I want your love
Love-love-love
I want your love
( Love - love - love I want your love )
Right away , it is obvious that the love that Gaga is seeking is wrong and sick .
She ’s a sex slave and apparently , she likes it .
She knows that the industry is ugly but she still wants in .
There is an obvious sense of sadomasochism , as she seems to know that this love ( of success in the music industry ) will hurt her and treat her badly , but she ’s up for it .
As we will examine in the video , there is also a spiritual meaning to the lyrics where fame equals submitting to the dark , satanic side of the music industry .
In other words , the song is also about submitting to evil and the imagery of the video corroborates this fact .
I want your horror
I want your design
‘ Cause you ’re a criminal
As long as your mine
I want your love
( Love - love - love I want your love - uuhh ) I want your psycho
Your vertigo stick
Want you in my rear window
Baby you ’re sick
I want your love
Love-love-love
I want your love
( Love - love - love I want your love )
Here again , there is a mix of the “ horror ” of evil with hardcore sex references , which convey the fact that she wants to be “ penetrated ” by this evil influence in order to gain its favors .
There are references to Hitchcock movies ( Psycho , Vertigo ) that are cleverly turned into sexually explicit lyrics .
During the bridge , Gaga sings emotionally “ I do n’t wanna be friends “ .
She does not want to be an outsider of the music industry , she wants to be part of it .
Later she says “ I want your love and , All your lovers ’ revenge ” , which means that she wants all of the attention of the music industry to the point that she also wants the “ hate ” of the artists who are jealous of her .
Of course , the lyrics are open to interpretation but the visuals of the video really give a particular meaning to the words .
Gaga is not singing to a person , but to a group , an entity , an organization .
She is singing to the Illuminati , to the music industry , to Baphomet : to the ones that have the power to make her famous .
She wants to be part of that sinister and corrupt system and write a Bad Romance with it .
Analysis of the Video
The video is dense with symbols and odd images .
Some are significant while others seem to be random .
It is obvious that the whole concept is a huge allegory for the reality of fame .
She plays the role of a mind - controlled and drugged sex slave who is prepared to get auctioned to members of the Russian mafia .
Here ’s the video .
Main Story Line
The video starts with Gaga emerging from what looks like a high - tech coffin or maybe a sensory deprivation tank .
At the beginning of the video , she is deprived of her senses .
Either her eyes , her ears or her nose are covered .
Sensory deprivation is a torture technique used on prisoners or mind - controlled slaves in order to “ break ” them and to facilitate their re-education .
She is a beginner , an amateur and she does n’t really know what she ’s doing .
In one scene , she is wearing thick sunglasses and talking to herself through a mirror .
This is reminiscent of The Who ’s Tommy movie , where a deaf , dumb and blind boy only becomes responsive when staring at the mirror .
Gaga then bathes herself to “ wash off her sins ” as Gaga said in an interview about the video .
She is “ wide - eyed ” and innocent but we ’ll see that she ’ll gradually turn into a “ Fame Monster ” .
She is then roughly handled by two women .
She fights them but she finally accepts her fate and even raises her hands in praise .
Throughout the video , there is a back and forth between her being forced to go through with her duties as a slave and her willingness to go through with them .
She is then forced to drink some vodka , which is , in fact , an MTV - friendly substitute for drugs .
Mind - controlled sex slaves are heavily drugged to numb their thoughts and make them easy to manipulate .
Gaga is then undressed and forced to perform in front of a bunch of men .
Those mafioso can represent the Illuminati , the dark force ruling the music industry .
The masks represent their hidden nature .
Each individual represents a record company , and they are bidding to see who will sign her .
Gaga seems to be well aware of what is happening and she chooses to charm a particular guy , who seems to have what she wants .
The masked man seems to enjoy what is happening to him and bids to obtain her .
Gaga is then required to fulfill her duties as a sex slave by …you ’ve guessed it … having sex with the winning bidder .
So she proceeds into a very symbolic room .
On each side of the bed are gazelle heads , who symbolically refer to Baphomet , the horned idol of Western occultism .
If you ’ve read my other articles on the music industry , you already know of the frequent use of the likeness of Baphomet in music videos and pictures .
My past articles on Gaga have shown her posing in the same way as the image above .
Strategically placed horned heads have appeared in her past videos and photo shoots .
Having said that , the presence of those horned heads in that room is not merely decorative , it is very symbolic .
Gaga is “ offering herself ” at the altar of Baphomet in order to become initiated and accepted into the Order .
She does not want “ to be friends ” with the music industry , she wants to be an insider ( she ’s not a “ Fame Monster ” for nothing ) .
So this offering gets consumed by fire , and not sex because it is about Baphomet and not the Russian guy .
He was just a means for her to obtain what she wanted .. fame .
When the fire starts , another scene plays simultaneously showing Gaga and masked dancers dressed in red , the color of sacrifice and initiation .
The virginal white garments she wore during most of the video are replaced by bloody red , a visual confirmation of the fact that she is now initiated and accepted as an insider .
In my article on the 2009 VMA awards ( article here ) , we see that Lady Gaga and Taylor Swift start out the show wearing white garments and , after a symbolic performance , they appear completely dressed in red .
The codes of the music industry seem to be used over and over again , in videos , award shows , and photo shoots .
Gaga then makes her trademark “ Eye in the triangle ” hand gesture after her initiation to make it clear who owns her now … the Illuminati .
The final scene shows Gaga lying in bed with the burned skeleton of the Russian Mafiosi .
Notice how everything is burnt except the two gazelle heads .
The real “ intercourse ” happened between Gaga and Baphomet .
The guy was a tool , a middle - man who was sacrificed in the process of Gaga ’s initiation .
So Gaga basically went through the steps a mega - pop star has to go through in order to “ make it big ” in the music industry .
She ultimately got what she wanted and apparently played the game on her own terms .
Let ’s see how that works out for her .
Other Symbols
Aside from the main storyline , the video is riddled with numerous symbols and images which are occult in nature .
Here are some of them :
Sun Symbolism
There are many symbols referring to the sun in the video .
As said above , Ra is an Egyptian sun god who is mentioned many times in the magic incantation - like “ Rah- rah ” chant .
Sun worship has always been at the center of occult mysteries as it is considered to be the ultimate representation of God .
Anti-Christian Symbolism
Christianity has always been at odds with occult secret societies .
Persecutions and accusations come from both sides and one often defines itself by the negating the other .
This is also represented in the video .
The cross associated with the word “ Monster ” is also seen on her promotional pictures :
Reptilian Monster Symbolism
In some scenes , Gaga gradually starts to look like reptilian monster , with a focus on the spine .
There is a great resemblance with the devil in this painting by Michael Pacher .
Notice the spine .
In Conclusion
Lady Gaga ’s Bad Romance is by far the densest and most symbolic video I ’ve ever analyzed .
It is a metaphorical yet accurate description of the steps which must be taken in order to become part of the “ mega - pop - star machine ” .
Submission , control , business negotiations , initiation , secrecy and the embrace of dark forces are all represented in the video .
Once decoded , the song describes indeed the Bad Romance of the music industry .
The machine uses artists , it pimps them , it cheats on them with new , hotter artists and it finally dumps them when the initial appeal is lost .
Gaga , the “ Fame Monster ” wants to be treated that way , knowing that there is not any other way to obtain world - wide fame .
One might be extremely creative and talented , however fame can only be achieved through the exposure provided by the media corporations .
They are owned by a secretive elite , represented by the masks on the faces of the bidders in the video .
Bad Romance , more than simply serving the required dose of subversive symbolism to the MTV generation , offers a chilling description of a music industry ruled by the elite .
And now comes the hardest part : getting this damn song out of my head .
It 's apparently not bad enough that Arizona is being portrayed as the home to gun-toting extremists and that Arthur Frommer is canceling his vacation plans .
Now New Times ' sister paper in Ft. Lauderdale , New Times Broward - Palm Beach , has published a story about zoophilia -- a.k.a. people who are attracted to animals .
We 're not just talking about petting the family dog .
We 're talking about heavy petting , and even intercourse , with animals , ranging from dogs to horses to dolphins .
And , go figure , Exhibit A in the Florida newspaper 's report is a guy from Arizona .
According to the story , 18 - year - old Cody Beck came out to his friends as a " zoophile " before graduating high school -- and allowed New Times ' reporter Thomas Francis to use his real name because he hopes to broaden minds .
Beck , who hopes to become a history teacher (! ) , acknowledges an attraction to both horses and dogs .
But do n't go all " EWWWWWWW ! " just yet .
Beck and his fellow zoophiles say they 're unlike those who practice beastiality because they participate only in " consensual " encounters .
They actually liken their cause to the gay rights movement .
As Francis writes ,
Cody Beck , the Arizona zoophile who came out to his friends , was 12 then and had only just come to realize he was a zoophile .
In the years since , he 's been thrilled by how activists ' efforts have broadened minds about what qualifies as moral , socially acceptable sex .
He recognizes the exciting implications it might have for zoophiles like him .
But he 's crushed by the gay rights movement 's rejection of zoophilia as a similarly legitimate orientation .
" I really want to help that movement , " Beck says .
" But it really makes me feel like if gay people can't accept this , then I 'll have to live my whole life having these feelings of alienation . "
We might as well acknowledge here that the story 's writer , Francis , is a longtime friend and former coworker .
We talked to him over email to get his insight into zoophilia in Arizona -- and the reaction his story has received .
We 're not sure what kind of reaction this piece will get in Arizona , but in Florida , at least , Francis reports that some readers are having a " come to Flipper " moment ...
VALLEY FEVER :
You start your story with a " zoophile " in Arizona who " outs " himself as a lover of dogs and horses .
Should we locking up our livestock at night ?
What about the family dog ?
REPORTER THOMAS FRANCIS : Arizonans should definitely be vigilant , but not about Cody , the zoophile from Arizona mentioned in the article .
Remember that zoophiles like him are distinguished by an attraction to animals derived in part from the animal 's attraction to them .
So if that attraction does n't exist , then the sex does n't happen .
Just like in human courtship .
And as I understand it , zoophiles have no more in common with rapists of animals than do heterosexual men with the rapists of women .
VF : You 're a journalist based in Ft. Lauderdale .
Why the focus on Arizona ?
FRANCIS : We knew that this story had the potential to get a national readership , and so I was granted permission to look beyond the local boundaries .
And frankly , we had to look far and wide for a zoophile who would be as open and reflective as Cody .
But to finish the thought from your previous question , Arizona deserves focus not for the one zoophile who came out in my story but for the dozens ( hundreds ? thousands ? ) who are raping animals in that state .
Check at the database at pet-abuse.com and you 'll learn a dimension about your neighbors you never imagined .
Now I realize that some of your readers may believe that any sex with an animal is rape , but I think all of us ( zoos included ) can agree that binding , muzzling or beating an animal as a prelude to sex is sick .
The question is whether there 's a reporter in Arizona with the gumption to tackle such a squeamish subject .
Do you know any ?
[ Editor 's note : Ouch ! ]
VF : You tell the story of Malcolm Brenner , who believes the love of his life is a ( cough ! ) dolphin .
Inquiring minds want to know : how exactly does that work ?
Would n't he drown ?
Is there a manual somewhere that explains how to lie with the fishes without sleeping with them ?
FRANCIS : I 've fielded this question more than any other , actually .
For starters , dolphins are mammals , so even if you 're having a great dolphin orgy , you can't brag about sleeping with the fishes .
As for the sex act itself , there is at least one manual online -- your readers can Google it like I did .
( Note : They probably can't get away with Googling it at work as easily as I did . )
For the sake of my article , I was n't called on to describe the sex in meticulous detail , and so I stopped reading after the opening disclaimer about how human orifices are incompatible with with a dolphin penis , which can grow to murderous proportions , apparently .
VF : Guys like your Arizona zoophile see their cause as a civil rights issue , but the gay community seemed a bit icier when you suggested this to them .
What kind of reaction did you get to your story ?
FRANCIS :
The thing I 've heard from readers the most is that they always assumed that someone who had sex with animals was weird , wrong , and a threat to civilized society .
They had never been called on to defend that revulsion until they read the article .
Naturally , some readers have made up their mind that this is a moral abomination and can't be convinced otherwise .
The most open - minded , self - critical readers , I think , were astonished at how difficult it was to defend their sense of dread for people who do what zoophiles do .
A good example is Nadine Altman , a 70 - year - old woman who wrote me a letter I posted on our blog and who has been arguing with a pack of zoophiles in the comments thread for several days until finally , yesterday she admitted that the conversation had left her " enlightened " and changed her mind about prejudices she had had in the past .
Guitar Hero is Evil
By David J. Stewart
" Let us not be desirous of vain glory ... "
— Galatians 5:26
The Guitar Hero video game series is nothing less than a means of self - glorification and is of the Devil .
Twenty - one million units have already been sold .
The original Guitar Hero was released on the PlayStation 2 in November of 2005 and was developed by the company Harmonix .
The game comes with a controller , which allows the player to simulate playing Rock ' N ' Roll music on TV , to the tune of their favorite Rock band .
In effect , it makes an instant Rock star out of the player , with screaming fans , flashing lights and all the demonic influences of Rock ' N ' Roll .
Rock ' N ' Roll is demonic , which many of the performers themselves admit , such as David Bowie ...
" Rock has always been THE DEVIL'S MUSIC . . . " ( Rolling Stone , Feb. 12 , 1976 )
It was John Lennon from The Beatles who said ...
" I 've sold my soul to the DEVIL . " ( Ray Coleman , Lennon , p.256 )
Rock ' N ' Roll is a religion of immoral sex .
It was John Oates , of Hall and Oates , who stated ...
" Rock ' n ' roll is 99 % sex . "
The very term " Rock ' N ' Roll was started in the 1950's by a sex- perverted disk jockey from Ohio named Alan Freed .
Tragically , most young people today refuse to consider the spiritual , mental and physical evils associated with Rock music .
A book could be written exposing such evils , and many have .
Singer , John Denver , once stated : " Rock music is a greater influence over the souls of men than primitive Christianity . "
In the sense that Rock Music is much more appealing to the carnal sin-nature than Christianity , he is correct .
Thus , Guitar Hero is extremely dangerous to teens .
Satan wants to corrupt young people 's minds , to blind them from the reality , i.e. , the truth , that is found only in Jesus Christ ...
" Jesus saith unto him , I am the way , the truth , and the life : no man cometh unto the Father , but by me " ( John 14:6 ) .
2nd Corinthians 4:4 states , " In whom the god of this world hath blinded the minds of them which believe not , lest the light of the glorious gospel of Christ , who is the image of God , should shine unto them . "
Satan 's goal is to keep young people in the dark concerning the Truth of God 's Word — which the Devil accomplishes through heathen education , worldly philosophies , false religion , occultism , and the demonic influences of Rock ' N ' Roll .
Young people who idolize Rock ' N ' Roll singers , and get caught up into demonic games such as Guitar Hero , Guitar Hero 2 , or Guitar Hero 3 are committing IDOLATRY .
The God of the Bible is a jealous God and will not share
His glory with another ...
" I am the LORD : that is my name : and my glory will I not give to another ... "
God commands in Exodus 20:3 , " Thou shalt have no other gods before me . "
Rocker Frank Zappa ( who discovered the awful truth December 4 , 1993 the moment he died ) arrogantly boasted ...
" I 'm the Devil 's advocate .
We have our own worshippers who are called ' groupies . '
Girls will give their bodies to musicians as you would give a sacrifice to a god . "
( Peters Brothers , What About Christian Rock , pg. 17 )
How do you think God feels when young girls , whom God has commanded not to commit adultery ( Exodus 20:14 ) , yield their bodies to these Rock star pigs in sexual immorality ?
God is angry !
Rock ' N ' Roll music is a culture , a dirty cut - throat business , and the rottenness of society .
Rock music is synonymous with immoral sex , rebellion against God , substance abuse , disobedience to parents , ingratitude , feminism , sinful pride , selfishness , and many other sins .
It was the British Invasion of the 1960's that boosted sexual immorality in the United States like never before .
As a result , unwanted pregnancies surged in American and the abortion industry was formed in 1972 .
Rock ' N ' Roll promotes a demonic lifestyle of fornication , rebellion , bad attitudes , substance abuse , homosexuality , bizarre behavior , disdain for authority , suicide , New Age , occultism , Satanism , and every form of immoral filth imaginable .
Woe unto America and England !
Guitar Hero is of the Devil
Self - glorification is a sin .
Modern American society has become so rotten that everything nowadays is centered around SELF .
TV commercials today are saturated with an appeal to societies ' selfishness and desire for self - glorification .
2nd Corinthians 10:5 states , " Casting down imaginations , and every high thing that exalteth itself against the knowledge of God , and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ . "
This Scripture is diametrically opposed to Rock ' N ' Roll , which exalteth itself against the knowledge of God .
Rock music of every form is sinful .
Satan fully knows that music is a powerful medium through which people can be influenced .
There is nothing any more spiritually destructive today than Rock , Rap , House , Goth and commercialized Country music .
CMT ( Country Music Television ) leads the way in sexual lasciviousness , smut and indecency .
Satan has a bid for your child .
Sexual perversion is everywhere nowadays .
I saw an M & M candy commercial the other day on TV , where a female MNM was lying on her back with her legs lifted and open .
This is the sicko American society today , reminiscent of Genesis 6:5 ...
" And GOD saw that the wickedness of man was great in the earth , and that every imagination of the thoughts of his heart was only evil continually . "
The Guitar Hero series promotes indecency , immoral sex , Satanism , rebellion against God , self - glorification , and every other form of wickedness that is synonymous with Rock music .
It 's the same people in society today who scoff at the notion that Rock music is evil , who have no qualms with abortion , homosexuality , escort services ( legalized prostitution ) , immodest dress , booze and gambling .
Rock music is straight from the pits of Hell , and so is today 's Country music and Rap music .
The entire music industry is saturated with immorality , an acceptance of homosexuality , and a sinful silence about the evils of abortion , et cetera .
In sharp contrast , the Bible teaches that we are to bring into captivity " every thought " unto OBEDIENCE TO JESUS CHRIST .
Jesus Christ has no place in today 's vile music industry .
The Root of All Evil
Ephesians 5:19 states , " Speaking to yourselves in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs , singing and making melody in your heart to the Lord . "
The Bible teaches that we ought to make our own melodies in our hearts to the Lord .
There is nothing in the Bible that suggests that we pay other people to sing for us , which is exactly what the entire music industry is today .
1st Timothy 6:10 tells us that the " love of money " is the ROOT OF ALL EVIL .
This explains why Rock stars , like Madonna , strip naked for evil men to lust upon ( Matthew 5:28 ) .
It 's all about money .
Guitar
Hero is all about making money , at the expense of your child 's morality and values .
You can't even watch the news anymore on TV without seeing and hearing some Rock ' N ' Roll singer being glorified .
The media praises such vile degenerates of society who seek self - glory , spit in God 's face , have loose morals , sell their souls for fame and fortune , promote Communism , defile their bodies in sexual immorality and corrupt societies youth .
Lead singer of the Rock band KISS , Gene Simmons , has publicly boasted of having fornicated with 4,600 women throughout his vile career .
His website even has a list of women waiting to go out with him .
This is the primary nature of Rock , Goth , Rap and Country music ... immoral sex and more immoral sex .
Guitar Hero ?
A " hero " is defined as one who saves another 's life .
They should called the game " Guitar Idol , " because that 's what it really is .
The appeal of Guitar Hero is to teenagers ... to instantly make them into gods ... a virtual experience ... with fans screaming and adoring them on stage ... living the moment ... playing the part ... while being mesmerized by the Devil 's music .
The deplorable Rock band Foreigner has a song titled , Juke Box Hero , which appeals to the desire of youth who have " stars in their eyes " to become a Rock star .
The hardcore Satanic band , AC / DC , has a song titled , It 's A Long Way To The Top If You Wanna Rock And Roll .
Over and over throughout the Rock music archives , we find a common theme of desiring to " make it to the top " and to become a " Rock star . "
This is self - idolatry .
Rock music is a highly contagious spiritual disease that rots the soul .
It is more deadly than Bubonic Plague .
Young people who are exposed to Rock and Roll are captivated by it's alluring effect , not fully realizing it 's dangers .
Rock ' N ' Roll goes far beyond being mere music — it is rebellion against God , a vile lifestyle , a pattern of liberal thought , a tool of the New World Order , a weapon of Communism , a road to sexual immorality , a life of selfishness , and a path to damnation .
Every week Bob Westal whips up a new drink recipe , from the classics we all love to new recipes to try out when you 're out or at home .
A chat with Vik Sahay , Vik Sahay interview , Chuck , Lester
Interviews Home / TV Home / Bullz - Eye Home
When Bullz - Eye did its last TV Power Rankings in February 2009 , the odds were barely hovering in the 50/50 range that we ’d have the opportunity to write about “ Chuck ” again .
Thankfully , however , NBC spared the series from cancellation – due in no small part to the folks at Subway ( “ Eat fresh ! ” ) – and renewed the series for a third season , but even better news emerged a few weeks ago , when the network added another six episodes to the show ’s order .
Bullz - Eye had a chance to chat with Vik Sahay ( Lester ) about the saving of the show , his work on the series over the previous two seasons , and got just the tiniest bit of info out of him about the upcoming third season .
Given our last encounter with him , however , we ’re probably lucky to have gotten what we did .
Vik Sahay : Will , it ’s Vik .
Bullz - Eye : Hey , man .
How ’s it going ?
VS : Good .
How are you doing ?
BE : Not bad .
You and I talked at the TCA function .
VS : That ’s right .
BE : And if memory serves , I made some horrible comment about you selling stuff on e-bay , and you proceeded to give me the fish - eye for the rest of our conversation .
On the Jeffster ! performance at Comic - Con : " ( I was ) utterly , utterly blanched with terror .
I literally skipped over ' what a great moment ' to 'oh , my God , I ca n’t believe I have to do this . '
Yeah , it was absolutely the scariest thing I have ever done , and when I was up there , the people were all screaming and stuff .
But I did n’t hear a thing .
I was just in my own little bubble of horror and panic . "
( Writer ’s note : Sahay made a comment about how , due to having a complete lack of any sort of musical background , the idea of performing as a member of Jeffster !
was nerve - wracking , legitimately nauseating , and , indeed , may have caused him to wet his pants .
I offered a throwaway joke about how there were fans who ’d pay good money for those pants on eBay .
He laughed nervously , “ Uh , no , let ’s not do that , ” took a step back from me , and the conversation never really recovered from there . )
VS : Yeah , as I recall , you were a horrible person , basically .
BE : Yes .
Yes , I am .
Glad you remember .
VS : Yeah , that ’s how I remember you .
But at least you are remembered .
BE : It ’s something , anyway .
VS : ( Laughing ) Yeah .
BE : So , now , are you guys currently at work , or you have worked and you ’re soon going back to work ?
VS : Yeah , we ’re in the middle of work .
We ’re getting a little bit of time off for Thanksgiving , but other than that , yeah , we ’re working .
BE : Awesome .
So what episode are you on right now ?
VS : We are on episode nine .
Just finishing off nine .
BE : Okay .
And how ’s the vibe now that the extra episodes have been added ?
VS : I think that there is a bit of a big exhale , you know ?
You know , it ’s a very odd thing to be in the middle of shooting something , kind of almost assuming it ’s going to end .
I think at the end of the second season , we were sure we were coming back .
And then it literally went away , and then we got pulled back by the skin of our teeth , thanks to fans and whatnot .
But when this thirteen got ordered and we were coming on in March , I mean , in my mind , I was , like , “ Well , this is it , this is the kind of farewell season . ”
And here we go .
So it ’s kind of a roller coaster of exhilaration at this point .
I do n’t know what it all means , but it ’s really good .
Let me boil all of that down : good .
I feel good about it .
BE : Excellent .
So how much Subway are you guys eating on the set these days ?
VS : It ’s relentless and a nightmare , , but just in case there are cameras around , I eat it constantly .
No , I think everything is being integrated incredibly well .
You know , they are brilliant writers , and so everything is still nice and subtle ; blended in well , I think .
BE : But does Subway contribute to the craft services table ?
VS : ( Laughing )
On occasion , yes .
Yes .
BE : So where do we find Lester when the new season kicks off ?
VS : Well , you know , I do n’t know how to even go into that .
Right in front of me is a script that says , “ Dear Team Chuck , as you know we expect all of our scripts to be treated with professional confidentiality and ask that everyone be extra aware of keeping any details to themselves .
Josh and Chris . ”
So , you know , I think that you will get me fired if you push this avenue .
BE : No , seriously , come on , tell me what ’s going on .
VS : Oh , okay , then I will .
Now that you asked a second time .
( Laughs , then sobers )
No , seriously , I ’m not telling you anything .
BE : ( Laughs )
So I ’m sure that ’s loads of fun , when you ’ve got people constantly asking you what ’s going to happen .
VS : Yeah .
I mean , at the very least , it means that people are interested .
Because it would be worse if people were like , “ Yeah , I do n’t care . ”
So at least it is a positive kind of tension .
BE : Well , even if you ca n’t speak to what actually goes on , how about the guest stars ?
Because it looks like there ’s a pretty cool roster coming up .
VS : Yeah , I think it ’s been out there that Brandon Routh and Kristin Kreuk are coming on .
You know , I mean , the thing is for me , those two are phenomenal , but most of the guest stars , for the most part , through all of the seasons have kind of existed predominantly in the spy world .
And so it ’s Tony Hale that is the real joy for me , because I get to bounce back and forth with that maniac .
BE : So is he returning for season three ?
VS : Yeah .
BE : Can you speak to who of the other guest stars you get to interact with ?
VS : How should I even go down this road ?
I ’ll say a little bit with every one of them .
BE : Who ’s been your favorite , or just the coolest for you to work with ?
VS : Well , again , I ’ve got to say that I think it ’s working with Tony Hale , because it ’s also been a long - term thing and very cool .
I mean , I was living in Toronto , working there right before I did “ Chuck , ” so I would watch “ Arrested Development ” constantly .
And then to be in a scene where I get to really show him what real comedy is … ( Laughs )
No , but that has been a really big thrill to kind of sit at the feet of the giant .
That to me has been one of the best back and forth .
And , then , of course there ’s the beautiful models we got to work with last year .
Brooklyn Decker , who I have said before , makes me giddy because she is married to Andy Roddick , and I ’m a huge tennis fan , so there is that .
" I do n’t think Lester is the most likable of the characters , and I think in television there can be a blurring between who the actor is and the character .
So , you know , my worry is that I am hated , personally , and that ’s why I never go on the blogs or anything . ”
BE : Any other favorite one - off guest stars ?
VS : Let me think .
I mean , when you get to work with someone like John Larroquette , you know , just to get to be on set when he ’s there is great .
And then on the other hand , Jerome Bettis , you know , great for different reasons .
To me , it ’s all … just to watch John Larroquette work or Chevy Chase work , you know , they are legends .
They ’re legends , and to see that you are in fact better than they are is where you really get …no , no .
It ’s an education .
And so those two in particular , I was , like , “ Wow , these guys I have seen for so many years doing such great things … ”
It ’s just really … I do n’t even know the word .
It ’s exciting in a kind of really deep way , you know ?
It ’s something to have watched someone that you admired for so many years and then to be sitting down between takes , talking to them about their life and comedy and how they work on a scene and all of that .
You know , the nerdy actor in me is just in heaven .
BE : Well , you know , seriously , half the reason I do this job is because I love to ask people about stuff they ’ve done that I have loved and have them tell me stories about it .
VS : Yeah , yeah .
It ’s exactly that .
And that ’s what I ’m doing when I ’m on set with them .
I ’m , like , “ So when you did this , ” or , “ When you were doing that … ”
You know , and they are , like , “ Oh , my God , somebody kill this little boy … ”
BE : Given his love of “ Spies Like Us , ” I had visions that Josh just walked around with Chevy going , “ Yes , Mr. Chase ; you got it , Mr. Chase . ”
VS : ( Laughs ) Yeah , really .
But , no , he did n’t .
BE : What ’s been your favorite song within the Jeffster !
set list ?
VS : A -ha !
Well , let ’s see .
I mean , they have all been interesting .
“ Africa ” was the most daunting , I think , because it was the first one , and it ’s a hard song , and I did n’t really know it .
“ Mr. Roboto ” was just bizarre and hysterical to do .
But I myself got to pick “ Fat Bottomed Girls , ” which we did at Comic Con , so that kind of has a special , different vibe when I get to pick the song to do .
I just think it ’s kind of a brilliant , hysterical , weirdo song .
And tough to sing .
I mean , the other thing I am gaining enormous respect for is people who can sing .
Like , it ’s tough .
Tough .
BE : Whose idea was it to do the gig at Comic - Con ?
VS : It was J.S. , Josh Schwartz .
And it was just not even an idea , just a fact .
That I was doing it , is how I was approached .
“ You ’re doing this , good luck . ”
Yeah , and then we went back and forth on what song it was going to be .
I was , like , “ Let ’s do this one , ” and he was , like , “ Okay . ”
BE : So were you psyched or petrified at the thought of doing it ?
VS : Utterly , utterly , you know , blanched with terror .
I literally skipped over the “ what a great moment ” to “ oh , my God , I ca n’t believe I have to do this . ”
Yeah , it was absolutely the scariest thing I have ever done .
And when I was up there , the people were , like , “ Oh , my God , ” and they were all screaming and stuff .
But I did n’t hear a thing .
I was just in my own little bubble of horror and panic .
BE : Did you have any hand in writing your bio on the official Jeffster ! page on NBC.com ?
VS : No .
To be honest with you , no , I did n’t .
BE : Have you seen it , at least ?
VS : I looked at it .
You know , I ’m not good at looking at things of myself .
I do n’t think I have seen a complete episode of “ Chuck , ” I ’m always fast forwarding .
So I ’ve looked at it .
I mean , yeah , I ’ve seen what it says there , some of it , yeah .
BE : I was just particularly curious about your stylistic influences being listed as Morrissey , Kurt Cobain , Bon Scott , Billy Joel , and Madonna .
VS : Right .
Well , I mean , obviously , Kurt Cobain and Madonna are practically one in the same .
BE : Sure .
VS : Yeah , basically , I think what that implies is that he has no vocal influences at all .
So when he opens his mouth , it ’s whatever comes out .
BE : Also , you are credited with lead vocals and kicking ass .
VS : Well , I mean , I think that ’s a given .
BE : So what ’s been your favorite episode of the first two seasons ?
If you can even narrow it down to a single one , that is .
On the late renewal of " Chuck " : " At the end of the second season , when we did n’t get renewed right away and all of that stuff , and other shows did , yeah , I think that there was a part of me that was , like , ' Well , okay , let ’s move on .
Let ’s figure out what ’s going on . '
And then this slow rumbling began , and the next thing I knew , they had called us back and …it was just incredibly startling "
VS : Yeah , it ’s tough .
I mean , obviously you know , the episode “ Chuck vs. the Best Friend , ” where Jeffster !
kind of emerged , was a great episode because I feel like we got to see the friendship between Lester and Jeff a little more .
There was a little bit of almost sweetness to it that you do n’t often get to see from Lester .
And so that was obviously one of the kind of highlights .
But there have been so many .
I mean , the run as assistant manager was fun , and the Thunderdome .
I mean , the thing is , the things I get to do on the show … I mean , at the very least , it ’s not the same bloody thing week after week .
I mean , I ’m going in and I ’m in a harness doing Thunderdome , or I ’m singing an insane song , or I ’m , you know , throwing a keg party at the Buy More .
So it ’s pretty tough , but I guess if I narrowed it down , “ Best Friend “ was kind of the episode that meant a lot to me .
BE : So Lester is of Indian decent and is Jewish .
VS : Right .
Of course .
BE : Have you found that interesting to play ?
VS : Yeah , you know , I ’m a huge research guy .
I love to do research and go into the background of characters .
And , you know , as you discover things about the character I , in my own nerdy , obsessive - compulsive way , go into “ oh , my God ” mode and then go and research everything I can about it .
And I have discovered that , yes , there are a little group of Jewish people in India , the Bnei Menashe , and figured that out .
But also it was , like , okay , I guess that must mean that his father … maybe it could mean that his father is Indian , you know , his mother is Jewish , and we went back and forth about that .
And then just going into , like , researching Hebrew and Yiddish and throwing that in whenever I can .
Yeah , it ’s been a wild ride .
BE : I understand that you actually auditioned for the role of Morgan .
VS : Yes .
BE : Are you still bitter at Joshua about getting the role ?
VS : Well , there are many other reasons now .
It was originally just that reason , but now there are so many other ones .
No , I think that the right people got cast in the right way .
I mean , Josh is a phenomenal actor and very funny .
And , I think , very suited to the role of Morgan .
They are , Zach and Josh , and Scott , believe it or not , are very much like their characters .
So it ’s perfect , you know ?
BE : Do you remember if , when you were originally doing the auditions , the role of Lester stuck out to you at all ?
VS : Not even a little .
Not even a little .
When they said the name “ Lester , ” I had to go back into the script and see who he was , because there was really nothing written for him ; a word here , a word there in the pilot .
And I was reading it , concentrating on Morgan , so I had no idea .
And it came at a moment … the offer came in a moment of , like , utter confusion and heartbreak at not getting the role of Morgan .
So I was wiping tears from my eyes , winded , going , “ What ?
What ? ”
And then I found his one word in the thing and was , like , “ Okay . ”
BE : “ I could make this one word stand out . ”
VS : Yeah .
Exactly .
BE : I ’ve heard that there is a certain amount of improvisation that goes on .
VS : Yeah , yeah .
BE : So how much do you think that you yourself have added to the character of Lester ?
I mean , obviously , there was n’t much to him at first , so have you been able to add to his character traits personally ?
VS : I think so , yeah , I think so .
You know , I made a choice very early on that he was not going to be a guy who admired or liked Chuck .
And has what I call an unrequited rivalry with Chuck .
Unrequited because Chuck almost does n’t know he exists .
But you know , Lester loathes him because he wants to be him .
And that ’s sort of where I riff from , and I think that the writers have gone with that , and there has been a nice back and forth about that .
So , yeah , I think that that ’s what has been a great kind of collaboration in creating the guy .
BE : Now , are you guys the kind of cast who hangs out off set as well ?
VS : Sadly , we are .
We are absolutely …oh , it ’s sad .
We get along so well , and we have so much fun with each other that , after 14 hours of shooting , we ’re , like , “ Well , what do you guys want to do now ? ”
So , yeah , it ’s a little pathetic , quite honestly .
BE : Obviously , “ Chuck ” has got a rabid fan base .
How does that affect you ?
I mean , are you actually recognized now ?
VS : Yeah , but for other , more sordid things .
No , no , no .
I am , but it ’s a bit of a double edged sword , I think , to a certain degree .
I do n’t think Lester is the most likable of the characters , and I think in television there can be a blurring between who the actor is and the character .
So , you know , my worry is that I am hated , personally , and that ’s why I never go on the blogs or anything .
But , yeah , yeah , I think that ’s quite exciting because when I am approached , because obviously very few people approach me to tell me they hate me .
When they do approach , it ’s always because they are , like , “ We love the show , and we ’re so happy it ’s back , and congratulations . ”
Etc. , etc .
So it ’s always with such pure positivity that , yeah , I ’m really grateful for that .
BE : Given how tenuous the series ’ status was toward the end of the season , had you guys basically just made your …
VS : Peace with it ?
BE : Yeah , exactly .
VS : Wel , l yeah .
To me , it ’s such an incredible job , really , I ’m really blessed to be on it .
And however long it goes , whatever happens , I ’m not going to be upset at a cancellation .
Do you know what I mean ?
I have had the experience of being able to do it and work with these guys , whether it goes one season , two seasons , three seasons … you know , it ’s so kind of bittersweet to think of it ending because it ’s sad , but at the same time , I ’m , like , “ What an incredible experience I had . ”
And , really , at the end of the second season , when we did n’t get renewed right away and all of that stuff , and other shows did , yeah , I think that there was a part of me that was , like , “ Well , okay , let ’s move on .
Let ’s figure out what ’s going on . ”
And then this slow rumbling began , and the next thing I knew , they had called us back and …it was just incredibly startling .
BE : So , obviously , like you said , you ca n’t really speak to season three a whole lot .
But can you give us even a hint of the feel of it ?
I mean , does the thrust change dramatically , given the change in Chuck ’s situation ?
VS : Well , I do n’t know if it changes dramatically in that sense .
I mean , certainly something changes .
It deepens .
I would say that the mythology gets explored more .
We go deeper into this world and into kind of how Chuck starts to deal with this new kind of intersect in his head , and the ramifications of that on the people around him .
You know , there has been a lot of talk about the budget cuts and what does that mean .
Does it do something to the show to have to cut the budget , and , you know , are people are in it less ?
And to me it ’s more … what it ’s done is kind of focused the show , I feel .
It streamlined it , and made it more potent , in a way .
So the episodes are really , really … I find them very strong .
They are very poignant .
There is not a lot of fat on them .
It ’s a lean , kind of mean season .
You know , I ’m struggling not to say any details …
BE : No , I understand .
VS : But it definitely goes deeper into the mythology of …I do n’t know , I guess the ordinary man in extraordinary circumstances .
Those kinds of big archetypes of rising up to who you are supposed to be and the conflicts and inherent contradictions within that I guess .
BE : That ’s heavy stuff .
VS : ( Laughing )
Yes , well , now you know why people do n’t like talking to me .
They ’re , like , “ Just say a joke ! ”
BE : And , last one , which actually is n’t “ Chuck ” - related .
What would you say is your favorite project you have worked on , excluding “ Chuck ” , that did n’t get the love that you thought it deserved ?
VS : Well , it ’s a tough call about what love it does n’t deserve or deserve means , but , you know , I did a movie … and I have talked about this a little bit … that I shot in India a couple of years ago called “ Amal . ”
And it was a Canadian film , a really low - budget indie film .
It ’s a very stark contrast to what I get to do on “ Chuck . ”
It was this really dark , gritty , dramatic role that I was doing .
And it was amazing .
It was one of those things where I could indulge all of my method -y pretentiousness and just get inside the character and not leave it .
So it was quite a brilliant experience for me .
And unfortunately … you know , it did a great release in Canada , and it ’s come out on DVD just now there , but we just could n’t snag American distribution .
And that was too bad , because I would have loved for people here to have seen it , because the movie itself is quite beautiful and simple .
So , yeah , in terms of love it deserves or does n’t deserve … it still got nominated for a Genie , which is a Canadian Academy award .
So it got love it that way .
It just did n’t get the American distribution , which is kind of the pot of gold , you know ?
BE : And just on a whim , I was looking at your IMDb page and saw all your voice - work credits for those “ For Better or for Worse ” animated specials .
Lynn Johnston is actually selling those on DVD through her website .
VS : Oh , my God .
Is she ?
BE : Yeah , I got an announcement from TVShowsOnDVD.com the other day about it .
VS : Wow .
My gosh .
BE : How did you get into doing voiceover work ?
VS : I do n’t even know .
I was so young .
I mean , seriously , I do n’t know .
( Laughs )
I ’ve been acting since I was a kid , and I barely remember it , to be honest with you .
You know , as a kid , you ’re kind of walking around as though there are bright lights shining in your eyes .
You ca n’t quite see , and you ’re kind of being … I know I went to an audition , I think , and auditioned .
I think I even read and was initially playing a friend of Michael ’s , and then they switched kind of halfway through filming to where I was playing the son and the other poor actor had to play the friend .
So I did a few episodes of that , like , over one summer , I think .
BE : So you remember it fondly but vaguely .
VS : Yeah , fondly but vaguely .
Well , it was a while ago , and it ’s hard to kind of retain what I must have been feeling in the moment .
Do you know what I mean ?
When I look back on it , I can make things up , but …what could I have possibly been thinking as this kid , kind of doing these lines into a microphone ?
BE : “ What am I going to do with this money ? ”
VS : Yeah .
“ What am I going to buy ? ”
That ’s exactly it .
“ I ’ll get a new bike , and I ’ll get a new … ” ( Trails off , laughing )
BE : All right , man , it ’s been good talking to you again .
VS : Yeah , great talking to you , too .
BE : I ’m sure I ’ll see you out at the TCA in January , since I presume NBC will be pumping it up with a panel .
And I ’m sure you ’ll embarrass yourself somewhere along the line once again .
( Laughs )
Take it easy !
By Raffi Berg
BBC News , Haifa
Buba is confined to her concrete sleeping quarters
Buba the bear is not well .
She has been locked inside for most of the past nine days and the effects are beginning to show .
" She has developed an abscess on her leg and I am worried about her , " said Dr Etty Ararat , the director of Haifa Zoo .
Like all the mammals at the zoo , Buba , an eight - year - old Brown Syrian bear , has been confined to her concrete sleeping quarters for her own safety as the city is bombarded by missiles from Lebanon .
" The bears are not stressed by the air raid sirens but they do n't understand why they have to be inside all the time , " said Dr Ararat .
The staff at the zoo cannot take any chances .
Sirens sound repeatedly throughout the day and where rockets have landed the effects have been devastating .
The animals are let out under supervision for short periods , but when the alarms sound they are hurriedly ushered back in .
Search for food
Of the zoo 's regular 40 - strong staff , Dr Ararat is one of only four who remain at the eight - acre site to take care of 1,000 animals , despite the danger .
The zoo's plight is made worse by the fact that the conflict has forced it to close to the public at what should be its busiest time of the year .
I hope it will end soon - it's no good , for people or animals
Dr Etty Ararat
" In July and August we get about 3,000 people a day but now we are losing money every day , which will have an impact on everything , " Dr Ararat said .
" Also , our suppliers are closed , so trying to find food for the animals is a mission these days , when usually it 's not , and we need help . "
As she makes her rounds , Dr Ararat stops at the big cats enclosure , a spacious , sculpted compound where the lions , tigers and leopards normally roam free .
But here , too , the animals are languishing indoors , with just enough space to pace or lie on the floor .
The conditions are taking their toll on Barbara , an elderly 32 - year - old Bengal tiger , who first arrived at the zoo , starving , some 20 years ago after being abandoned by a travelling circus .
" Barbara is depressed , " said Dr Ararat .
" She likes to play outside but since she has been in here she has stopped playing .
She usually comes to me , but now she does n't pay any attention . "
Anxious baboons
Next door , three African lions - Simba , Jungle and Gov - sit in their small indoor compound , watching with suspicion as I enter .
They barely stir but begin to growl as I move closer , making me wonder if the warring has left their nerves on edge .
The big cats are being kept indoors to prevent them escaping
" Actually , the sirens do n't have any effect on them , " Dr Ararat said .
" All big cats are lazy and they do n't seem to mind being in here , so long as we bring them food .
But of course , it 's not good for them . "
The carnivores are also kept inside for another reason .
The bars of the lions ' enclosure were recently replaced with glass , which could be shattered by an exploding missile .
" If the glass breaks and they get free , it would be dangerous for all the people in the town , " said Dr Ararat .
Of all the animals in the zoo , the worst affected by the sirens and intermittent booms are the 17 baboons .
" We can see the change in their behaviour , " said Dr Arafat .
" They are very anxious to get out and they are starting to knock on the doors .
" Today we gave the baboons a treat of popcorn , which they love .
At the moment they 're still eating and if we see any signs of stress then of course we will act accordingly . "
Dr Ararat says the longer the war continues , the worse it will get for the zoo .
" I hope it will end soon - it's no good , for people or animals .
But I am a born optimist and one way or another , the zoo will survive . "
