I had to study for an exam , but it was way more convenient and interesting to sit down and write a script that downloads from YouTube and converts the result into Ogg Vorbis .
So , Why Tea came into existence .
The name
Why Tea came from YT . Yeah , I ’m funny .
GUI ?
No , not yet .
Maybe , when I ’ll have to study again .
Usage
It needs exactly one paramter , the youtube link you want to download .
Do n’t forget to use “ quotes ” around the link , as most shells may misinterpret the & characters in the URL .
The output is an .ogg file in the same folder , named after the title of the video .
Download
Here .
Note that it requires ffmpeg .
With each stroke of the teenage Taliban militant ’s lash , the girl ’s muffled cries pierced the air of this Swat Valley town .
The men in the crowd watched silently , aching to intervene but frozen by gunmen pacing in front of them with Kalashnikovs slung over their shoulders .
A year later , those men say the images from that day remain etched in their memories .
The teenage militant wore white .
The girl , a 17 - year - old named Chand Bibi , stood behind a hastily made screen of sheets and shawls as she was flogged .
She kept crying out , “ Why ?
Why ? ”
But the rest of the world saw something quite different in a fuzzy , two - minute video shot by a lawyer that purported to show Chand Bibi ’s flogging .
That video , made famous in the age of YouTube and cellphone downloads , stunned the country and gave the world a disturbing view of the plight of Pakistanis trapped in Taliban - controlled regions such as the Swat Valley .
Did the video show another flogging , or was it even staged ?
And if so , does it matter ?
Activists say it does n’t .
The Taliban did flog Chand Bibi publicly , they point out , after the young woman and her fiance had been seen together in her house , which in the view of insurgents was a violation of Islamic law .
And whether her ordeal was the one shown on the notorious video or not , it awakened a nation that had underestimated the extent of the Taliban ’s reach .
“ It was the catalyst , ” said Talat Farooq , executive editor of Criterion , a Pakistani current affairs magazine published in Islamabad .
“ When people spoke out about this , the tide turned and made it possible for the army to move into Swat . ”
In great detail , the man who says he took the video , Swat Valley lawyer Shaukat Saleem , described what he saw and how he recorded the event .
Chand Bibi was stretched out on the ground face down , with men holding her down by her feet and arms , he said .
A Taliban commander in a turban and gray tunic knelt down and flogged the girl 30 times .
Saleem says he secretly filmed the event using a cellphone he hid in his coat .
To make an opening for the lens , he cut a hole into the coat ’s fabric .
“ Whenever the lash came down , she would cry , ‘ They are killing me !
They are killing me !’ ” Saleem said in an interview in Islamabad , the Pakistani capital .
“ Tears were coming to my eyes .
My whole body was in shock , but I steadied myself because I wanted to capture this video at any cost . ”
Villagers in Kala Kalay say that , indeed , they saw Chand Bibi , as well as her fiance , flogged by the Taliban .
But that is where the accounts diverge .
Villagers say they have never heard of Saleem , and believe the video probably was of another flogging , either elsewhere in Pakistan or in Afghanistan .
“ Obviously , that video is n’t of this flogging , ” said Jaffar Khan , Kala Kalay ’s mayor .
“ If [ Saleem ] claims it is , let him come here and say where it happened .
He wo n’t be able to . ”
Villagers say the couple were detained by the Taliban after someone reported seeing them alone together in her house , said the fiance ’s cousin , who asked not to be named .
They were held in separate houses for six days and questioned .
Then , on a cloudy March afternoon , Taliban militants marched the fiance , Adalat Khan , and Chand Bibi out onto a patch of dirt near a line of fruit stalls and grocery stores , villagers said .
“ The Taliban militant who flogged the boy said , ‘ The punishment we are giving to this girl and boy is not for adultery , because we do n’t have evidence of that .
But it ’s a warning , ’ “ Khan ’s cousin said
Khan , flogged first , was given 35 lashes .
Then screening was put up to shield the crowd ’s view of the girl .
A teenaged Taliban insurgent walked up to her and struck her 17 times with the strap , villagers said .
“ Everyone in the crowd was silent , ” said Mohammed Ullah Khan , a 35 - year - old CD store owner whose shop had been blown up by insurgents .
“ There was this feeling among us that we were witnessing brutality , but no one could do anything .
It was power and force on one side , and total helplessness on the other . ”
Chand Bibi and her family fled the village after the flogging .
When Saleem was telephoned and asked to explain the discrepancies between his version of what happened and the Kala Kalay villagers ’ accounts , he hung up .
Even if Saleem ’s video was staged or depicted a different flogging , it had the effect of transforming Pakistan ’s collective mind - set at a crucial time .
Before the video , much of the country had been indifferent to the Taliban ’s conquest of Swat , a picturesque valley flanked by forested mountainsides , a favorite tourist getaway for Pakistanis .
The Taliban gradually took over the region and imposed a strict code that barred girls from attending school , banned barbers from shaving customers and shut down all CD and music shops .
Beheadings of opponents were common , as was the display of executed corpses in the main plazas of cities and towns .
In Kala Kalay , the Taliban was both reviled and feared .
“ They issued an order that everyone walking down the street had to keep their head lowered , ” said Khan , the mayor .
If a militant had his eye on a young Swati woman , Khan said , “ he ’d simply approach family and say , ‘ I ’m taking this girl . ’ ”
Once the video appeared on the Internet and on newscasts , Pakistanis took to the streets to call for military action in Swat .
“ You had women policymakers cajoling the menfolk that something needed to be done , ” said Asma Jahangir , chairwoman of the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan .
“ People were less willing to sit back and do nothing . ”
The Pakistani military mounted an all - out offensive against militants that routed the insurgency from the valley within nine weeks .
Pockets of militants remain holed up in remote hillsides and woods , but refugees have returned , schools have reopened and for the most part everyday life in Swat has resumed .
The flogging video was n’t the only catalyst for the restoration of normality in Swat , but it played a crucial role , Farooq said .
While there may be doubts about its veracity , the message pushed the right buttons .
“ I do n’t think that the purpose was to deceive people , ” Farooq said .
“ The purpose was to show what was happening .
OK , maybe it was n’t Chand Bibi .
But it happened to a woman , and in a very undignified way . ”
alex.rodriguez@latimes.com
We had a couple people at CTIA last week -- people whose words carry weight -- tell us off the record that the next major version of Android would take big strides toward stopping the ugly trend toward severe fragmentation that has plagued the platform for much of this and last year .
You know , the kind of fragmentation that has already left users running not one , not two , not three , but four distinct versions of the little green guy ( 1.5 , 1.6 , 2.0 , and 2.1 ) depending on a seemingly arbitrary formula of hardware , carrier , region , software customization , and manufacturers ' ability to push updates in a timely fashion .
Put simply , Google 's been iterating the core far faster than most of its partners have been able to keep up .
Thing is , in light of our CTIA conversations , we did n't have an idea of how Google planned on fixing this -- until now .
We 've been given reason to believe that the company will start by decoupling many of Android 's standard applications and components from the platform 's core and making them downloadable and updatable through the Market , much the same as they 've already done with Maps .
In all likelihood , this process will take place over two major Android versions , starting with Froyo and continuing through Gingerbread .
Notice that we said apps and components , meaning that some core elements of Android -- input methods , for instance -- should get this treatment .
This way , just because Google rolls out an awesome new browser does n't mean you need to wait for HTC , Samsung , or whomever made your phone to roll it into a firmware update , and for your carrier to approve it -- almost all of the juicy user - facing stuff will happen through the Market .
The second part of this doubled - edged attack on platform fragmentation comes from a simple reality : we 're hearing that Google may be nearing the end of its breakneck development pace on Android 's core and shifting attention to apps and features .
By the time we get to Froyo , the underlying platform -- and the API that devs need to target -- will be reaching legitimate maturity for the first time , which means we should have far fewer tasty treat - themed code names to worry about over the course of an average year .
We like awesome new software as much as the next guy , but Google 's been moving so fast lately that they 've created a near constant culture of obsolescence anxiety among the hardcore user base -- and in turn , that leads to paralysis at the sales counter .
How much of this strategy actually materializes -- and how effective it is at changing the direction of the platform at large -- remains to be seen , but it sounds like a promising turn of events .
Considering it 's been a solid five months since the Eclair SDK premiered , that 's an eternity in Google years ; time to shake things up a bit , we reckon .
Thank goodness the press gallery is now focused on ministerial responsibility for workplace safety .
It was n't always that way .
What a shame that the media has only recently discovered that people die in workplaces affected by Federal Government .
One can only wonder what might have been if we ’d had similar levels of media confected fury in previous years .
Here ’s an example .
The Howard Government ’s response to the Cole Royal Commission into the building industry had been stymied by the Senate , but in September 2005 the Building and Construction Industry Improvement Act , which tightly curtailed union activities and rights of workers to take industrial action in the construction sector , was passed by the Government ’s new majority .
The Government also extended its National Code of Practice for the Construction Industry so that any firm wishing to tender for Commonwealth contracts had to apply the code across all their operations and to any sub-contractors they employed .
The legislation was effectively a declaration of war against the CFMEU and you did n’t have to be a Howard supporter to feel the union deserved what was coming to it .
Some of its branches had become a byword for industrial lawlessness and thuggery .
One of the criticisms of the Cole Royal Commission was that the CFMEU officials used safety concerns as a pretext for entering building sites and threatening industrial action .
Kevin Andrews ’
Act and Code addressed that by severely limiting the circumstances in which union officials could act on safety issues , or in which construction workers could take industrial action over safety issues .
The only problem was that safety was not merely a pretext for union activity .
Construction is up with road transport and mining as one of the most dangerous occupations in the country .
And following the imposition of Andrews ’ legislation and the extension of the building industry code , deaths in the constructions industry increased massively , from 3.14 deaths per 100,000 workers in 2004 to 3.86 in 2005 , 5.6 in 2006 , 4.48 in 2007 and 4.27 in 2008 .
Andrews had insisted after his Bill was passed that safety in the industry was important .
He established a Federal Safety Commission for the industry , but gave it no significant enforcement powers , in contrast to the ABCC , which was given extraordinary powers to systematically violate the rights of those whom it targeted .
While unions naturally warned about the safety consequences of the Howard Government ’s new regime , others did too .
In fact , an employer group , the Australian Industry Group , warned a Senate committee inquiry into the Bill in 2004 that “ the incorporation of health and safety requirements within the Building Code ( s.26 ( 2 ) ) and the application of the Building Code to all incorporated building contractors , has the potential to establish competing occupational health and safety standards and , accordingly , to compromise the OHS of employees … ”
Thanks for signing up
We look forward to seeing you bright and early with your need - to - know talking points and tidbits for the day ahead .
Get Crikey FREE to your inbox every weekday morning with the Crikey Worm .
Please enter your email address Sign up
AIG was tragically vindicated in subsequent years .
If workplace fatality rates had remained at 2004 levels , 50 fewer lives would have been lost in that period .
Despite clear warnings to the Minister that the changes would endanger safety , there was no media outrage or claims of a debacle .
Indeed , in mid-2007 The Australian was lauding the Government ’s reforms .
The only mention of safety by The Oz was to note that fewer days had been lost due to “ abuse of occupational health and safety issues ” .
More dead workers did n’t get a mention .
But more deaths in the construction industry did n’t suit the media ’s or the Howard Government ’s narrative that the CFMEU was out of control , a latter - day BLF holding an industry to ransom .
So let ’s try another example without the moral complexity of a much - reviled union .
Like the ADF ’s decade - long inability to establish a credible and fair military justice system , or act to prevent s-xual and other forms of harassment and bullying in its ranks .
There were four substantial inquiries into issues relating to either flaws in the military investigation and justice system and / or the ADF ’s handling of harassment and bullying — a 1998 Ombudsman ’s Report , a 1999 Joint Committee on Foreign Affairs , Defence and Trade inquiry into military justice processes , a 2001 inquiry by the same committee into instances of military justice problems , and Justice Burchett ’s 2001 inquiry into military justice .
This time the press paid more attention , particularly to instances where ADF personnel had committed suicide following harassment or bullying .
Some of those incidents were investigated by state coroners as well .
That was all before the Senate Foreign Affairs , Defence and Trade Committee undertook a major inquiry that reported in 2005 .
It was only after this inquiry , which heard harrowing evidence from families of soldiers driven to suicide by bullying , that the Government initiated major reforms .
The reforms included its decision to ignore the committee ’s recommendation for a permanent court outside defence legislation , in favour of a military court .
That remains one of the Howard Government ’s greatest bungles .
In 2006 , the ADF revealed that , to its knowledge , 76 personnel had taken their own lives since 1998 .
Again , no demands for ministerial resignations or political accountability from the press , from Robert Hill or his replacement , Brendan Nelson .
But that would n’t have fitted the narrative that one of the Howard Government ’s strengths was its national security credentials and its mystical communion with Australia ’s armed forces .
Fortunately , that ’s all changed .
Now ministers , even if they substantially enhance the safety of an industry through the introduction of training and accreditation like Peter Garrett did , are responsible for deaths that happen in that industry and get pilloried for them .
Good thing the press gallery is finally on the job , eh ?
Suppose our top generals described the growing threat from a hostile Middle East power .
The country has tens of billions of oil dollars , a growing army , chemical and biological weapons , and is in the process of developing nuclear weapons .
After carefully describing the risks posed by this country , our generals suggested an immediate attack on Canada .
They explain that combating this Middle East country would be difficult , but defeating Canada is easy .
This is essentially the story of the latest attack on social security .
Everyone who looks at the projections agrees ; the scary budget stories being hyped in the media and by the Wall Street crew are driven almost entirely by projections of exploding healthcare costs .
But instead of proposing ways to fix the healthcare system , these deficit hawks want to attack social security .
They tell us that fixing healthcare is hard .
By contrast they think that cutting money from social security will be relatively easy .
The facts on this are straightforward and known by everyone involved in the budget debate .
The US healthcare system is broken .
We pay more than twice as much per person as the average for other wealthy countries .
And it is projected to get worse .
In three or four decades we are projected to pay three or four times as much per person for healthcare as people in countries like Germany and Canada .
Since more than half of our healthcare is paid through public sector programmes like Medicare and Medicaid , this explosion in healthcare costs will bankrupt the government if it actually occurs .
Of course it will also devastate the private sector .
On the other hand , it is easy to show that if we contain healthcare costs then our budget problems are relatively minor .
In fact , the current projections of enormous budget deficits two or three decades out would flip over to projections of enormous budget surpluses if our healthcare costs were comparable to those of any other wealthy country .
Logic would dictate that our top priority should be getting our healthcare costs under control .
But fixing healthcare is difficult because , as we saw in the healthcare debate , this means confronting the health insurance industry , the pharmaceutical industry , the medical supply industry , highly paid medical specialists and other powerful lobbies .
The deficit hawks do n't want to fight this fight .
Defeating these powerful interest groups would be a hard fight .
And for the deficit hawks it would likely be an especially painful fight since these are their friends .
By contrast , the Wall Street deficit hawks do n't have friends who depend on social security for their income .
Wall Street investment bankers like Peter Peterson and Robert Rubin are unlikely to associate with such people .
This is why they see attacking social security as easy .
Of course attacking social security makes as much sense as our generals ' plan to attack Canada .
The Congressional Budget Office 's projections show that the programme can pay full benefits until the year 2044 with no changes whatsoever .
Even after that date the programme would always pay a higher benefit than what current retirees receive , even though somewhat less than the full scheduled benefits .
The long - term problem is not that anything improper has been done with the programme ; the reason that social security is projected to eventually face a shortfall is that future generations are projected to live longer than we do .
This raises costs since our children and grandchildren are projected to enjoy longer retirements than we do .
In short , there is no story of generational inequity here , contrary to what the Wall Street deficit hawks say .
If our deficit hawk generals are too scared to take on the healthcare industry then we also have to also make them too scared to take on social security .
If we need to reduce the deficit the best place to start is a financial speculation tax .
A modest set of financial transactions taxes , like the 0.5 % tax on stock trades in the United Kingdom , can easily raise $ 150 bn a year .
This would go a long way toward addressing future budget shortfalls and it would raise money from people who can afford it : the Wall Street crew whose financial shenanigans led to the meltdown .
Federal Reserve board chairman Ben Bernanke recently suggested cutting social security because : " that 's where the money is " .
That 's not true , the real money is on Wall Street .
Let 's go get it .
Do women spend more time in the restroom than men ?
" The stereotype that women spend more time in the restroom than men was examined , with the expectation of a small magnitude difference .
Method .
— Men and women ( N = 120 , 60 each sex ) were observed entering and exiting the restroom in a college library .
Participants were of various ages and ethnicities .
Data were collected during 4 days in 2 wk .
for 1 or 2 hours at different times in the afternoon , evening , and night .
The number of stalls , urinals , and sinks and proximity to convenient and discrete observation posts were similar .
Time spent in the restroom was measured in seconds using the online U.S. government clock ( www.time.gov) set to Eastern Standard Time at a library computer terminal .
For purposes of interrater reliability , two observers timed each participant and retained the data only if the observers agreed within a margin of 2.0 sec .
Results and discussion .
—
An independent samples t test indicated that women ( M = 178.9 sec. , SD = 96.6 ) spent significantly more time in the restroom than did men ( M = 118.4 sec. , SD = 102.6 ; t118 = – 3.33 , p = .001 ; d = .34 ) .
The average difference was 61.5 sec .
Johnson , Sholcosky , Gabello , Ragni , and Ogonosky ( 2003 ) found that women were nearly twice as likely as men to wash their hands after using a public restroom .
This act of routine hygiene by itself could substantially account for the additional time women spent in the restroom in our study .
Participants were not observed while inside the restroom and results are based on students in a university library .
The results support the belief that small , real gender differences have been exaggerated in common lore . "
Photo : Engrish.com
Related content : Discoblog : NCBI ROFL : And September 's " No shit , Sherlock " award goes to …
Discoblog : NCBI ROFL : And the March “ No s** t , Sherlock ” award goes to …
Discoblog : NCBI ROFL : duh
WTF is NCBI ROFL ?
Read our FAQ
!
Just a few years ago , Republicans greeted Nancy Pelosi 's rise to the upper echelons of the Democratic party as a political gift .
She was , her rightwing foes asserted , an extreme liberal of the kind true Americans just do n't like – vocal in her support of gay rights , feminist causes and policies frequently branded as socialism .
Worst of all in the wake of the 9/11 attacks , she was strongly against the invasion of Iraq , just as she had been opposed to the earlier war with Baghdad over Kuwait .
Republicans smirked that the Democrats had doomed themselves to irrelevance when they chose Pelosi as the first woman to lead them in the House of Representatives in 2002 , and later as Speaker .
Not a few in Pelosi 's own party and beyond agreed .
Among other things , she had a reputation for shooting her mouth off , once calling the elder President Bush a " jerk " .
She would come to say much worse about his son .
Joe Klein , author of the bestselling political novel Primary Colors , described the newly elected Democratic leader in the larger of the two houses of Congress as " the very sort of political anachronism the party should studiously avoid " .
Eight years on , Pelosi is once again the favoured target for Republican attacks after rescuing President Obama 's healthcare legislation as it teetered on the brink of oblivion .
But there are not many who now call her an anachronism or accuse her of marginalising her party .
Through several elections and an unpopular war , Pelosi has been instrumental in leading the Democrats back to control of the House of Representatives and then on to a healthy majority .
And now , after forging the consensus among deeply divided House Democrats that saw passage of the first significant , if compromised , social legislation in decades , Pelosi is being heralded as the most powerful woman in American history and the most powerful Speaker of the House of Representatives in a century .
It 's not an accolade she rejects .
" That sounds good .
I do n't take it personally , except I take it as a compliment for all women because as the first woman Speaker I certainly wanted to demonstrate that we could get a job done that has eluded others for a century , " she told ABC news this week .
Pelosi has been honing the skills to get the job done almost since the day she was born 70 years ago .
She was n't elected to public office until she was 47 , but Pelosi grew up in a deeply political household in the Italian quarter of Baltimore .
Her father , Thomas D'Alesandro , was a member of Congress and later Baltimore 's mayor .
D'Alesandro was a vigorous supporter of Franklin Roosevelt 's social justice programmes and believer in the power of government to improve the lives of people who needed the help most .
Pelosi watched her father 's political machine at work – seeing how favours were delivered , loyalties built up and debts called in , and how that could be put to the public good .
They were lessons she carried to school , where she told her classmates how their parents could make the system work for them .
" I would tell them how to get a sick relative into City hospital , how to get a job that paid a living wage , " Pelosi told the Nation in 2001 .
" I thought that was what it meant to be a Democrat :
You make sure that government works for the people . "
Pelosi's father also steeped her in the art of the compromise , and when to stand her ground .
Those lessons were not to be unleashed until several years later after she married a multimillionaire financier , moved to San Francisco and became embroiled in Democratic Party politics between raising five children .
Pelosi built a reputation for two complementary strengths : forging constituencies among the disparate Democratic Party interests in northern California , and as a formidable fundraiser .
Those talents helped propel her to the regional party leadership and then , in 1987 , positioned her well to win a seat in Congress that she has held on to through 10 elections , winning by sizeable majorities .
Once in Washington , Pelosi kept the financial ball rolling on behalf of the party and other members of Congress , not only bringing in more than $ 100 m over the years but also winning friends who would prove valuable during her rise in the House .
Pelosi won the post of whip in 2001 at the expense of Steny Hoyer , who has found himself trailing Pelosi ever since .
A year later she became her party 's leader in the House and set about forging an unusual degree of unity among Democrats while annoying Republicans .
In recent months , the Democrats have routinely accused the Republicans of being the party of ' No ' : of resisting legislation without offering viable alternatives .
Nowhere was this clearer than over healthcare , when Republicans in both houses of Congress voted solidly against the reforms .
But it was the strategy Pelosi pursued when the Democrats found themselves in opposition .
When President George Bush proposed to reform social security , Pelosi pressed Democrats to avoid a public debate over the issue because it would be hard to win against the pulpit of the presidency .
She offered no alternative plan and instead preferred to direct the party 's energies in to unleashing a full frontal attack on Bush 's motives .
Social security reform failed .
Pelosi demanded , and frequently got , a unified front in opposition to other Republican legislation .
She rarely defeated it but did force more moderate Republicans to vote with conservative members of their own party in order to pass cuts to public health and other social programmes .
When election time came , Democrats were able to brand most Republicans with the same iron of serving only the rich and special interests .
Pelosi even barred Democrats from holding joint press conferences with Republicans .
She was also notoriously outspoken and , at times , seemingly out of step with the mood of America .
She vigorously opposed the invasion of Iraq , leading Newsweek to describe her leadership as making " the Democratic caucus look more dovish than even the French " .
Just ahead of Bush 's resounding 2004 presidential election victory , Pelosi launched a vitriolic attack on the president in the San Francisco Chronicle .
" Bush is an incompetent leader .
In fact , he 's not a leader .
He 's a person who has no judgment , no experience and no knowledge of the subjects that he has decided upon , " she said .
" Not to get personal about it , but the president 's capacity to lead has never been there .
In order to lead , you have to have judgment .
In order to have judgment , you have to have knowledge and experience .
He has none . "
To some that made her look like an extreme ideologue .
But by the time Bush left office , much of America had come around to thinking that Pelosi had a point .
And by then , the Democrats had won control of the House of Representatives again , and Pelosi was the first woman Speaker .
Republicans are frustrated that while Pelosi is not popular with Americans – no Congressional leader ever is – they have not grasped just how far to the left she is by US standards .
Pelosi would not disagree .
In 1996 , she told the San Francisco Chronicle : " I do n't consider myself a moderate . "
The right sees her as a radical feminist for stands such as taking on the notoriously prejudiced Senator Jesse Helms to his face when he blocked a treaty against discrimination against women .
Pelosi has also been an ardent advocate of gay rights , which is no great surprise seeing as she represents a San Francisco constituency in Congress .
She brought the parents of a Wyoming student who was tortured and murdered because he was gay to the 2000 Democratic party convention , helping to lay the ground for the passage of hate crime legislation .
Last year , Pelosi drew fire after she got into a public spat with the CIA over the extent to which she was briefed , as the most senior Democrat on the intelligence committee , about the waterboarding of suspected terrorists .
" In that or any other briefing ‚ we were not , and I repeat , were not told that waterboarding or any of these other enhanced interrogation techniques were used , " she said .
The CIA said she was told and did not object .
The former House Speaker , Newt Gingrich , accused Pelosi of lying .
" I think she has lied to the House , and I think that the House has an absolute obligation to open an inquiry , and I hope there will be a resolution to investigate her , " he told ABC news .
" I think this is the most despicable , dishonest and vicious political effort I 've seen in my lifetime …
" She is a trivial politician , viciously using partisanship for the narrowest of purposes , and she dishonours the Congress by her behaviour . "
Pelosi rode the storm , in part because the CIA later admitted to misleading Congress over other aspects of Bush 's war on terror .
" She is on the far left of her caucus on most issues , " said Jeremy Mayers , a political science professor at George Mason University .
" She represents a very leftwing district out in San Francisco .
The protests that Nancy gets in her district are about her being too conservative .
" Her district is so far off the map of heartland politics .
But what she has done very well is transition herself so that she is able separate her own political opinions from the job of leader .
She 's a woman of the left , she still has very strong political views .
But she has not put her own political views ahead of her job as Speaker of the House . "
That positioned her well when Obama came to power , and never more so than over healthcare .
Pelosi drew on her seven decades of political tuning and her detailed knowledge of what makes individual members of the House tick to bridge what at times appeared to be looming chasms between the liberal bloc , " Blue Dog " conservative members , the Black caucus and members of the House beholden to special interests over issues such as the cost of reform , the degree of government intervention and the ever present wrangling over abortion .
It was n't easy .
Some female members of Congress were furious with Pelosi for " throwing women under the bus " by agreeing to tight restrictions on insurance coverage of terminations .
But Pelosi commands loyalty and she won House members over the way she has long operated , vote by vote – contacting a prominent priest to help reassure those wavering over abortion – until she was sure of more than the 216 votes needed to pass the legislation .
Pelosi 's success was not only in gathering the votes when there were many who thought healthcare reform was dead after the Democrats lost Ted Kennedy 's old Senate seat earlier this year .
The House Speaker played a crucial role in keeping Obama on track for wholesale reform when the president was edging toward piecemeal changes because of the political setbacks .
As Obama wavered , Pelosi declared that the struggle was far from over .
" You go through the gate .
If the gate 's closed you go over the fence .
If the fence is too high , we 'll pole - vault in .
If that does n't work , we 'll parachute in .
But we are going to get healthcare reform passed for the American people , " she said .
That meant steering around Obama 's attempts to reach a bipartisan agreement with the Republicans intent on scuppering the legislation as a means of politically neutering the presidency .
" You strive for bipartisanship when you can , " Pelosi told ABC news after the healthcare bill passed .
" But you cannot let the lack of bipartisanship stand in the way of making this change that is important to the American people . "
Mayer said Pelosi read the political map exactly right .
" This was a great triumph of the inside game , of the vote counting , of understanding exactly how far she could go , " he said .
But there are those who question the characterisation of Pelosi as the most powerful House Speaker of the past century .
Larry Sabato , a political scientist at the University of Virginia , points to Sam Rayburn , who wielded an iron grip on Congress in the middle of the last century , and Tip O'Neill , who faced down Ronald Reagan .
" Pelosi is fortunate to have a large Democratic majority that is overwhelmingly liberal and a Democratic president who is in tune with her .
I 'm not minimising the accomplishment .
She deserves credit .
But mostly it was the voters who did it by electing liberals , " he said .
" Nancy Pelosi has become one of the most divisive politicians in the country .
Look at her polls .
She is widely disliked .
People hate Congress and she 's the face of it .
That 's going to limit her . "
That is precisely what the Republicans hope to exploit in November 's mid-term election .
In their latest attack advert , Pelosi is pictured in flames alongside a demand to " Fire Pelosi " by overturning the Democratic majority in the House of Representatives .
It has brought in $ 1.5 m to the Republican campaign chest as the backlash grows .
Pelosi's own seat is safe but after persuading Democrats to follow her into the minefield , her challenge is to keep them in Congress and herself in power .
CV : Speaker Nancy Pelosi
Born
Family
Her late father , Thomas D'Alesandro Jr , was a Democratic congressman and Baltimore mayor .
Her brother , Thomas D'Alesandro , also went on to be mayor of Baltimore .
Personal life Married to Paul Pelosi .
Five children : Nancy Corinne , Christine , Jacqueline , Paul and Alexandra , and seven grandchildren .
Education
Trinity College , Washington DC
Career
1976 -1996 Democratic National Committeewoman from California .
1981 -1983 Chair , California State Democratic party .
1985 - 1986
Finance chairman , Democratic senatorial campaign committee
1987 - present Elected as a Democrat to Congress , by special election , following the death of representative Sala Burton .
Has been re-elected as representative of California 's Eighth District to the 11 succeeding Congresses .
2001 House Democratic whip
2002 Elected Democratic leader of the House , making her the first woman to lead a major political party in the US .
2007 Made history by becoming the first woman to serve as Speaker of the house .
Currently in her second term in the position .
Areas of interest
A promoter of healthcare , she spearheaded Obama 's reforms through the house .
She describes climate change as her " flagship issue " .
Honours
Ranked 35th in Forbes magazine 's 100 most powerful women .
Time 's person of the year 2009 .
What they said
" An extraordinary leader for the American people " ( Barack Obama )
" One of the strongest and most effective Speakers in decades " ( Thomas Mann , Brookings Institution )
Holly Bentley
JAKARTA ( Reuters ) - Forget about getting a job as a police officer in Indonesia ’s Papua if you have had your penis enlarged .
You wo n’t get it , according to local media reports citing the Papua police chief .
An applicant “ will be asked whether or not his vital organ has been enlarged , ” said Papua police chief Bekto Suprapto , quoted on local website Kompas.com .
“ If he has , he will be considered unfit to join the police or the military . ”
The ban was applied since the unnatural size causes “ hindrance during training , ” said police spokesman Zainuri Lubis in Jakarta , quoted by news portal Detik.com .
Indonesia ’s remote easternmost province is home to Papuan tribes , many of whom are known for wearing penis gourds .
A low - level separatist insurgency has waged in the resources - rich part of Indonesia for decades and there is a heavy police and military presence there .
Papuans use a local technique to achieve the enlargement , according to a sexologist quoted by local newspaper Jakarta Globe , wrapping the penis with leaves from the “ gatal - gatal ” ( itchy ) tree so that it swells up “ like it has been stung by a bee , ” the expert said .
Last week , McAfee broke a lot of its customers ' computers .
A virus definition update caused a false positive identification of a virus within a key Windows file .
McAfee initially tried to downplay the issue , claiming only " moderate to significant " issues on affected machines , and that the default configuration of its software was harmless .
" Not booting properly and being useless for real work " strikes us as somewhat worse than " moderate to significant , " and there are many reports from people saying that McAfee is wrong about the default configuration ( the situation seems unclear , but it looks like upgrades and certain patches can result in a different " default " — one that is n't safe ) .
As if that was any consolation — none of the settings should result in machines getting broken .
Ultimately , such quibbling is irrelevant : tens or hundreds of thousands of machines were disabled by the virus update .
Eventually , McAfee did issue a statement that was suitably apologetic .
And Monday , the company offered home users who were affected by the problem two years of free updates plus compensation for any costs incurred ( business users are offered nothing more than an apology ) .
What was missing was any credible explanation of why it happened , and how it would be prevented in the future .
One rather depressing hint was given in an early revision of a FAQ the company published about the problem .
The document has been sanitized , but the relevant portion can be found at ZDNet :
9 . What is McAfee going to do to ensure this does not repeat ?
McAfee is currently conducting an exhaustive audit of internal processes associated with DAT creation and Quality Assurance .
In the immediate term McAfee will do the following to provide mitigation from false detections : Strict enforcement of rules and processes regarding DAT creation and Quality Assurance .
Addition of the missing Operating Systems and Product configurations .
Leveraging of cloud based technologies for false remediation .
A revision of Risk Assessment criteria is underway .
( Emphasis ours . )
In other words , McAfee did n't bother to test one of the most widely used operating systems around before pushing out an update .
Good job .
One might expect other anti-virus vendors to highlight McAfee 's failing and promote their own products instead .
But their response has been , if anything , sympathetic , instead laying the blame squarely with malware authors , who have resorted to such cunning trickery as " giving their executables the same names as Windows files " just to make the virus scanners ' jobs harder .
McAfee is n't the first company to make a mistake like this .
Last month a BitDefender update broke 64 - bit Windows XP , Windows Vista , and Windows 7 installations .
Five years ago , Trend Micro hobbled Windows XP Service Pack 2 machines , an incident that even saw the company pay compensation to some affected customers .
Sometimes the damage is less severe , but still thoroughly debilitating ; a McAfee update in 2006 resulted in many programs including Excel and Google Toolbar being identified as viruses , duly breaking them .
The truth is , false positives are abundant .
A site tracking false positives gave up updating after being inundated with reports .
Small developers producing shareware or custom applications are getting nailed with false positives on a consistent basis .
These guys are producing programs that wo n't feature on any AV vendor 's test matrix ( though as history shows , even being widely used does n't guarantee that ) , and their customers ( or , even worse , potential customers ) are routinely being inconvenienced , if not downright scared off .
A 2007 Symantec update to various Norton products shows just how hard it is to test against known products effectively ; the update took down Windows XP Service Pack 2 machines , but only the Simplified Chinese edition , and only when a particular Windows patch was installed .
This was still enough to cause problems for millions of PCs .
So what 's the solution here ?
Unfortunately , there does n't appear to be a good one .
Signature - based anti-virus software is always going to suffer this kind of problem , and the scale of testing , even if restricted to major software , is enormous .
Perhaps impractically so , with the number of different patches and languages that would need to be tested .
Certainly , given the alarming regularity with which these problems occur , it seems to be a larger task than the anti-virus vendors can manage .
But other approaches to anti-virus fare no better .
Heuristic scanners , which try to trap software because the actions it takes appear to be malicious or because of the network traffic it sends , ultimately have the same problem ; they catch things they should n't .
A strong case can be made that virus scanners should verify digital signatures and ignore files that are properly signed ( as such files cannot have been tampered with ) , something that some anti-virus software already does , but even this has issues .
Many scanners scan running processes ( to detect , for example , self - propagating worms that attack network services ) , and terminating system processes because they appear to be infected can be just as damaging as deleting system programs from disk .
Moreover , not every file on a system is signed .
In general , every program on a corporate desktop could be signed ; typical corporate desktops do n't need to allow running of arbitrary downloaded programs or anything like that , so greater use of signatures ( even for custom , in - house applications ) might be of value .
But that 's probably not an option for home users .
And besides , a virus scanner destroying a document I 'm working on just because it happens to look like a virus is not really a great improvement .
IT departments should perhaps be more circumspect about rolling out definition updates , but they too suffer some of the same testing problems .
Though the problem should be more tractable for those organizations that have standard system images and carefully manage their own patching , that is n't the reality for a great many companies .
This is n't even a situation where a virtualized lab can provide a good solution — a false positive could easily be generated for a critical driver that 's only used on real hardware .
Improved operating system security , while useful for many things , offers little help , at least given current OS designs .
Tasks like sending spam e-mail or destroying documents do n't need elevated user privileges , so in many cases , OS security features offer little or no benefit .
Similarly , many viruses depend not on software flaws to propagate , but end - user flaws .
In other words , they trick people into running them .
Better programming and more restricted user accounts do n't do much to help here .
A suitably radical redesign of the operating system could reduce vulnerability ( something along the lines of the experimental Qubes , for example , would offer greater separation between user data and potentially hostile software ) , but the prospect of such a redesign becoming mainstream any time soon is extremely low .
With AV vendors trapped in a game they can never win— virus writers will always outpace them — this is , then , a problem that shows no sign of being solved anytime soon .
Though some false positives should n't have happened , and McAfee really should have tested against Windows XP Service Pack 3 , such problems will unfortunately continue to be a fact of anti-virus life .
Saying once - uptight Toronto has evolved to the point where residents should be able to shop any day of the year , including Christmas , a city committee is urging council to unshackle retailers from holiday restrictions .
The economic development committee voted 5 - 1 Thursday in favour of removing an oft - flouted rule that makes it illegal for most Toronto stores to open on New Year ’s Day , Good Friday , Victoria Day , Canada Day , Labour Day , Thanksgiving Day , Christmas Day , Easter Sunday and Family Day .
“ The culture has changed , ” said committee chair Kyle Rae ( Ward 27 , Toronto Centre - Rosedale ) , noting that he usually celebrates Christmas by going to a movie theatre .
“ We ca n’t say that these nine ( holidays ) apply to everyone .
People need to make their own choices about when they want to have that family time , who they want to spend it with , and where they want to do it . ”
Even Howard Moscoe , who led the charge against Sunday shopping before the Ontario government amended a law to allow it in 1992 , visited the committee to support the administration ’s recommendation to scrap the holiday rule .
“ I ’m going to wave the white flag of surrender , ” said Moscoe ( Ward 15 , Eglinton - Lawrence ) , who plans to vote for the change when it goes to council May 11 and 12 .
“ Toronto has evolved to the point now where it ’s the right thing to do , ” he said , arguing the city once derided as Toronto the Good for its rigid rules of social conduct has become a place where people respect and accommodate each other ’s differences and traditions .
“ Society in Toronto has become that kind of civil society that we did n’t have when I grew up in Toronto as a kid .
I think most employers will take their employees into account ” if they exercise their legal right to refuse work on a holiday .
The lone councillor to oppose the motion , Case Ootes , said he thinks Torontonians already have enough opportunities to shop .
“ It ’s only nine days a year , ” said Ootes ( Ward 29 , Toronto - Danforth ) , adding he has trouble getting his family together for Sunday dinner because invariably one or two members have to work .
“ That does n’t happen on these nine days . ”
A parade of merchant representatives , from the Beach to northern Etobicoke , told the committee they risk a fine for opening on a holiday , while competitors in provincially designated tourist zones , including Harbourfront , the Yonge Street strip and the Eaton Centre , ring up sales .
“ I think what this comes down to is fairness — the ability for local businesspeople to make their decisions , especially in a city that is the world ’s most ethnically diverse , ” said John Kiru , executive director of the Toronto Association of Business Improvement Areas .
Council was given the power in 2006 to allow 365 - day shopping , but it failed to agree on reforms as recently as last year .
Meanwhile , Torontonians have been able to spend holidays wandering malls designated as tourist zones , including Vaughan Mills and Markham ’s Pacific Mall .
Mississauga ’s Square
One mall recently won special tourist zone status , with freedom to open any day but Good Friday , Easter and Christmas .
That sparked a plea from the Sherway Gardens mall in neighbouring Etobicoke for a more level playing field .
Ofra Nissani , co-owner of Boa clothing stores , said she risked a fine when she opened her Beach outlet on Good Friday , after lobbying from employees eager to earn double - time - and - a - half ( holiday pay varies by industry and hours ) .
City inspectors have turned a blind eye to such openings .
Russell Lazar , general manager of Honest Ed’s , told the committee that ’s not an option for his famous store , where tourists find doors locked tight on holidays .
“ Years ago , Ed Mirvish put honest in front of his name .
How can we open ?
The headlines right away would say ‘ Honest Ed ai n’t so honest . ’
So we stay closed , ” said Lazar , adding the bargain mecca wo n’t open Christmas Day .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Michael Williams , Toronto ’s general manager of economic development , tried to allay some councillors ’ fears that some small shops might force staff to work on holidays , even though the Employment Standards
Act says they can refuse to do so .
“ To the best of our knowledge , we could not find any instances where there has been any controversy around staff being coerced , ” he said .
“ I have to believe that there is subtle pressure in some operations . . . but in a day of 10 - plus per cent unemployment , our sense is that the freedom for employees to choose to work on that day outweighs the other factors . ”
DJ PREMIER BLOG IS MOVED TO THE FOLLOWING URL : WWW .
DJPREMIERBLOG .COM THANK YOU !!
April 29 , 2010 : Astronauts on board the International Space Station will soon have a new roommate -- and it 's not human .
It 's a humanoid .
In Nov. 2010 , space shuttle Discovery will deliver Robonaut 2 - -" R2 " for short -- to the ISS , where it will become the first humanoid robot to travel and work in space .
Developed jointly by NASA and General Motors , R2 looks a bit like C - 3PO of Star Wars fame but lacks the chatty robot 's gift of gab .
That 's okay , because the humans on board need a worker that can wield more useful tools than a sharp tongue .
" Our goal is for R2 to perform routine maintenance tasks , freeing up the station crew for more important work , " explains Ron Diftler , Robonaut Project Manager at Johnson Space Center .
" Here 's a robot that can see the objects it 's going after , feel the environment , and adjust to it as needed .
That 's pretty human .
It opens up endless possibilities ! "
The team hopes to teach R2 to do all kinds of things on the space station .
For example , R2 might do delicate tasks like set up science experiments for the crew , or it might just as easily run a vacuum cleaner .
R2 wo n't be given free run of the ship , at least not right away .
Initially , the new robot will be fastened to one location in the station 's Destiny Lab , but the goal is for R2 to later move about .
" We want to give R2 one leg to grab on and anchor itself to different places .
It will use its hands to move itself around from place to place inside the station much like an astronaut moves around . "
First , R2 must be tested and evaluated for zero-g and other space environment effects .
Then it will slowly earn its stripes by progressing from simple tasks , like monitoring its own health , to more complicated jobs .
Click on the image to visit the R2 home page and to watch a video of R2 in action .
The ground team and the ISS crew will control the robot with identical systems , each comprising a GUI ( graphical user interface ) on a computer screen and pushbutton navigation .
" R2 operates under ' supervised autonomy , ' " says Diftler .
"
It can think for itself within the limits we give it .
We 'll send it scripts – sequences of commands . "
That 's how , for example , the Mars rovers Spirit and Opportunity are controlled .
But there 's a difference .
Hello , world !
R2 shows off his manual dexterity .
You can watch R2 write in this Youtube video
" Our robot can ' see , ' and it takes only 2 to 6 seconds for the video to get to us , so we can observe in near real time .
( For comparison , the one - way video travel time from Mars is typically more than 10 minutes . )
If we see R2 doing something that is n't working , we can immediately tell it , ' Stop that .
Try this instead . ' "
Diftler likens working with R2 to supervising a new employee .
" At first you 'd give them lots of detailed instructions , but later , once you work out any problem areas , you 'd just check in on them once in a while . "
His team will continue , however , to improve the space - bound robot 's opportunities for advancement .
" For instance , as we develop this robot more fully , its vision system will allow us to fine tune its movements .
We 'll be able to adjust how R2 reaches out to grab a target . "
With the simple addition of legs or wheels , R2 could someday scout an area on a planet or asteroid where humans might land , or it could set up and take down workstations or a habitat .
Eventually , R2 could become such a familiar member of the crew , astronauts will find themselves saying " excuse me " when they bump into the humanoid .
But how will R2 respond ?
Adding speech is relatively easy , according to Diftler , but not a priority at the moment .
" R2 will be working alone a lot .
It wo n't really need to talk . "
C - 3PO once called R2D2 an " overweight glob of grease . "
Maybe it 's just fine to leave this robot speechless for now .
Author : Dauna Coulter | Editor : Dr. Tony Phillips | Credit : Science@NASA
Tony Smith's Home Page
Tai Hsuan Ching , and
Ho Tu ,
shown here in its ancient and modern forms :
Fu Xi interpreted the 4 directions and 4 diagonal directions of the Ho Tu in terms of the Earlier Heaven arrangement of the 8 trigrams of the I Ching :
Baba Eyiogbe says " ...
It is indeed part of the Ifa tradition that Ifa was brought to China , but in a more limited form .
This is sometimes attributed to a warrior path of Obatalá , Obatalá Ayaguna .
This path of Obatalá is the Ifa diviner for the other paths of Obatalá as well ( when Orunmila does not do it directly ) . ... " .
It seems to me as though Vedic divination and Tai Shuan Ching are based on the Triality aspect of the 256 - dimensional Cl (8 )
Clifford algebra of IFA , while I Ching is based on the 64 - dimensional Cl( 6 ) Clifford subalgebra of the Cl ( 8 ) of IFA .
When the 8 trigrams are combined in pairs according to the Fu Xi Earlier Heaven Ho Tu arrangement to make 64 hexagrams of the I Ching , you get a very symmetrical I Ching pattern
Although the Earlier Heaven arrangement of the 8 trigrams does not exactly correspond to the binary number sequence from 0 through 7 ( it is 0,1,2,3,7,6,5,4 instead of 0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7 ) , the Earlier Heaven arrangement of the 64 hexagrams does correspond to the binary number sequence from 0 through 63 .
According to two 13 February 2001 articles in The New York Times by Nicholas Wade : " ... Dr. J. Craig Venter and colleagues at Celera Genomics report in ... [ Science 291 ( 16 February 2001 ) 1304 -1351 ]... that they have identified 26,588 human genes for sure , with another 12,731 candidate genes .
...
Celera 's rival , the publicly funded consortium of academic centers , has come to a similar conclusion .
Its report in ... [ Nature 409 ( 15 February 2001 ) 860-921 , where they say " ... Genes ( or at least their coding regions ) comprise only a tiny fraction of human DNA , but they represent the major biological function of the genome and the main focus of interest by biologists .
.... " ]... pegs the probable number of human genes at 30,000 to 40,000 .
Because the current gene - finding methods tend to overpredict , each side prefers the lower end of its range , and 30,000 seems to be the new favorite estimate .
...
Most of the repetitive DNA sequences in the 75 percent of the genome that is essentially junk ceased to accumulate millions of years ago , but a few of sequences are still active and may do some good .
The chromosomes themselves have a rich archaeology .
Large blocks of genes seem to have been extensively copied from one human chromosome to another , beckoning genetic archaeologists to figure out the order in which the copying occurred and thus to reconstruct the history of the animal genome .
As the modest number of human genes became apparent , biologists in both teams were forced to think how to account for the greater complexity of people , given that they seem to possess only 50 percent more genes than the roundworm .
It is not foolish pride to suppose there is something more to Homo sapiens than Caenorhabditis elegans .
The roundworm is a little tube of a creature with a body of 959 cells , of which 302 are neurons in what passes for its brain .
Humans have 100 trillion cells in their body , including 100 billion brain cells .
Several explanations are emerging for how to generate extra complexity other than by adding more genes .
One is the general idea of combinatorial complexity - with just a few extra proteins one could make a much larger number of different combinations between them .
...
The two teams ' first scanning of the genome suggests ... ways in which humans have become more complex than worms .
One comes from analysis of what are called protein domains .
Proteins , the working parts of the cell , are often multipurpose tools , with each role being performed by a different section or domain of the protein .
Many protein domains are very ancient .
Comparing the domains of proteins made by the roundworm , the fruit fly and people , the consortium reports that only 7 percent of the protein domains found in people were absent from worm and fly , suggesting that " few new protein domains have been invented in the vertebrate lineage . "
But these domains have been mixed and matched in the vertebrate line to create more complex proteins .
...
Evolution has devised another ingenious way of increasing complexity , which is to divide a gene into several different segments and use them in different combinations to make different proteins .
The protein - coding segments of a gene are known as exons and the DNA in between as introns .
The initial transcript of a gene is processed by a delicate piece of cellular machinery known as a spliceosome , which strips out all the introns and joins the exons together .
Sometimes , perhaps because of signals from the introns that have yet to be identified , certain exons are skipped , and a different protein is made .
The ability to make different proteins from the same gene is known as alternative splicing .
The consortium 's biologists say that alternative splicing is more common in human cells than in the fly or worm and that the full set of human proteins could be five times as large as the worm's .
Another possible source of extra complexity is that human proteins have sugars and other chemical groups attached to them after synthesis .
There 's a different explanation of human complexity , which is simply that the new low - ball figure of human genes derived by Celera and consortium is a gross undercount .
Dr. William Haseltine , president of Human Genome Sciences , has long maintained that there are 120,000 or so human genes .
... Dr. Haseltine ... remains unshaken in his estimate of 100,000 to 120,000 genes .
He said last week that his company had captured and sequenced 90,000 full - length genes , from which all alternative splice forms and other usual sources of confusion have been removed .
He has made and tested the proteins from 10,000 of these genes .
The consortium and Celera have both arrived at the same low number because both are using the same faulty methods , in his view .
... Dr. Haseltine notes that the gene - finding methods used by the two teams depend in part on looking for genes like those already known , a procedure that may well miss radically different types of genes .
His own method , capturing the genes produced by variety of human cell types , is one that Dr. Venter says in his paper is the ultimate method of counting human genes .
... Dr. Eric S. Lander of the Whitehead Institute last week challenged Dr. Haseltine to make public all the genes he had found in a 1 percent region of the genome and let others assess his claim .
...
Dr. Haseltine said yesterday that he was contemplating the best way to respond and that he was " planning to do so in one form or another , in the open literature . "
Turning from genes to chromosomes , one of the most interesting discoveries in this week 's papers concerns segmental duplications , or the copying of whole blocks of genes from one chromosome to the other .
These block transfers are so extensive that they seem to have been a major evolutionary factor in the genome 's present size and architecture .
They may arise because of a protective mechanism in which the cell reinserts broken - off fragments of DNA back into the chromosomes .
In Celera 's genome article , Dr. Venter presents a table showing how often blocks of similar genes in the same order can be found throughout the genome .
Chromosome 19 seems the biggest borrower , or maybe lender , with blocks of genes shared with 16 other chromosomes .
...
Segmental duplication is an important source of innovation because the copied block of genes is free to develop new functions .
...
Celera ordered the world 's most powerful civilian computer to calculate how to assemble its
27 million 500 - base pair fragments into an entire genome .
Its rival , the public consortium of academic centers , felt no need for a massive computer and assembly program because its genome decoding strategy did n't require one .
But a computational biologist at the University of California , Santa Cruz , whose supervisor had been asked to help identify genes , realized the genome had to be assembled before gene identification could begin .
In four weeks Jim Kent wrote an assembly program that put the consortium 's jumble of DNA fragments into coherent order .
It was this assembled sequence on which most of the consortium 's genome analysis is based .
Mr. Kent also wrote a browser , a program that aligns the known genes and other interpretive information in tracks above the actual genome sequence .
Anyone wanting to take a tour of the human genome , with Mr. Kent 's browser as their guide , can do so at genome.ucsc.edu .
...
One of the most intriguing hints that new biology may be discovered in the genome comes from an initial survey of the mouse genome , which Celera said this week it had assembled .
Laying the mouse genome sequence over the human sequence is extremely revealing because most of the DNA has diverged in the 100 million years since mouse and man last shared a common ancestor .
The DNA regions that are similar between the two species are those important enough to have been conserved .
At a stroke , almost all the genes fall out as noticeably similar .
So too do many of the control regions of DNA that precede the genes .
And Dr. Craig Venter , president of Celera , has now stated that there is a third category of similar DNA regions , which are not genes but are too extensive to be control regions .
No one yet knows what the mystery regions are doing . ... " .
According to a 21 January 2003 article in The New York Times by Andrew Pollack :
" ... RNA and DNA are strings of chemical units called bases that embody the genetic code .
The bases are represented by the letters A , C , G and either T in DNA or U in RNA .
The C base always binds to G. A binds only to T or U .
So a single strand of DNA or RNA can bind to another strand that has the complementary bases .
Under what is known as the central dogma of genetics , genes , which are the recipes for making proteins , are part of the DNA of the chromosomes .
When a protein is to be made , the DNA is copied onto a corresponding piece of single - stranded RNA , known as messenger RNA , that delivers the recipe to the cell 's protein - making machinery .
Proteins make up most of a cell and perform most of its functions , including turning genes on and off .
But new evidence suggests that some RNA is not merely the intermediary between DNA and protein , but the end product .
Some huge stretches of DNA that do not contain protein - coding genes and have been considered " junk " actually hold the code for some of this RNA .
... ... in addition to the DNA 's containing the recipes for proteins , a lot more DNA was being copied into RNA .
The recently deciphered mouse genome was found to have about twice as much in common with the human genome as could be accounted for by protein - coding genes .
...
At least part of this overlap appears to be genes that produce RNA as their end product .
What all of this RNA is doing is not clear ...
But mounting evidence suggests that at least some RNA is involved in regulating the way genes are turned on or off .
... the most radical view : that RNA provides the command and control of cells .
Proteins ... are like bricks and beams .
But the RNA determines whether those bricks and beams become office buildings or houses .
This RNA network ... provides the complexity that separates higher life forms from simpler ones .
... " . ...
Some genes ... produce tiny RNA 's , known as micro-RNA 's or miRNA , which are about 21 to 23 bases , or letters , in length .
The micro-RNA 's bind to matching pieces of messenger RNA , turn it into a double strand and keep it from doing its job .
The process effectively stifles the production of the corresponding protein .
... ... RNA interference , or RNAi ...[ occurs when ] ... double - strand RNA ... would silence the gene corresponding to that RNA .
... ... small interfering RNA 's or siRNA 's ...[ are ] ... pieces of about 21 to 23 bases ...
Each short segment attracts a phalanx of enzymes .
Together , they seek out messenger RNA that corresponds to the small RNA and destroy it .
... ... micro-RNA 's appear to be formed as longer stretches of RNA that fold back on themselves like hairpins to create double strands .
The sequence of bases is sort of like a palindrome , so that when the folding occurs , complementary bases line up , and the two arms of the hairpin stick together .
... ... small RNA 's bind to chromosomes to shut down genes more permanently than can be done by stifling messenger RNA .
... ... viruses ... sometimes create double - strand RNA when they replicate ...
Mammalian cells , confronted with long double - strand RNA , basically destroy themselves as a defense against pathogens .
But two years ago scientists at the Max Planck Institute found that short double - strand RNA , again about 21 to 23 bases , would not set off the self - destructive response but would silence the corresponding gene . ... " .
According to a 7 July 2001 BBC article by Helen Briggs : " ...
Two rival teams that cracked the human genome may have underestimated the number of human genes , according to a new computer analysis .
Scientists in the United States claim
humans are built from 66,000 genes ,
nearly twice as many as the current consensus .
... a ... team , based at Ohio State University , Columbus , Ohio , has reanalysed the raw data , using a supercomputer , and come up with a higher estimate for the number of human genes .
" We ended up with a higher estimated number of genes than the other two teams because we compared 13 different gene databases to the DNA sequences in the draft genome produced by the Human Genome Project , " said Bo Yuan of Ohio State University .
...
The discrepancy seems to arise from the process used to analyse human genetic data .
...
The genome is the complete list of coded instructions needed to make a person
There are 3.1 billion letters in the DNA code in every one of the 100 trillion cells in the human body
If all of the DNA in the human body were put end to end , it would reach to the Sun and back more than 600 times .
...
Buried within these coded instructions are the genes - ' sentences ' which hold the instructions for the proteins of which human tissue is made .
The genes occupy only about a hundredth of the length of the huge string of DNA , broken up into the 46 chromosomes in every cell .
To fish out the genes , which are hidden among the long continuous string of letters , scientists rely on genetic databases .
...
The Ohio State University team says Celera 's genome map , and particularly , the Human Genome Project map relied mainly on two databases to locate the genes .
They used these two databases plus 11 others .
" We used more experimental evidence in assembling our map , and that suggests that there are probably between 65,000 and 75,000 transcriptional units , " said Dr Yuan .
A transcriptional unit is a length of DNA that shows strong evidence of being a gene but which requires future verification .
This is where the dispute arises .
" Some researchers are unsettled by the certainty with which the Human Genome Consortium is presenting its lower gene count , " said Fred Wright of Ohio State University .
" In my view , the final number of genes - when it is known - will lie somewhere between their high of 40,000 and our value of 70,000 . " ...
Arguments over how many genes it takes to build a human being look set to continue .
A gene sweepstake set up by scientists attending the Cold Spring Harbor Genome Meetings in the United States is still taking entries .
To date , there have been 165 bets , ranging from 27,462 to 153,478 human genes .
So far , the money is on 61,710 . ... " .
In cond -mat / 0204078 , Jimenez - Montano , Mora - Basanez , and Poschel say :
" ... the genetic code may be represented by a six - dimensional boolean hypercube in which the codons ( actually the code - words ... ) occupy the [ 2^6 = 64 ] vertices ( nodes ) in such a way that all kinship neighborhoods are correctly represented .
This approach is a particular application to binary sequences of length six of the general concept of sequence - space , first introduced in coding theory by Hamming ... ...
The six - dimensional hypercube ... ...
Each node is labeled with the corresponding amino acid ... ...
It is well known in the field of Genetic Algorithms that a proper encoding is crucial to the success of an algorithm .
Furthermore in ... R. A. Caruana and J. D. Schaffer , Representation and hidden bias : Gray vs. binary coding for genetic algorithms , in : J. Laird ( ed. ) , Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Machine Learning , Morgan Kauffman Publ .
Inc. , 153-161 ( San Mateo , 1988 ) . ... it is shown the superiority of Gray coding over binary coding for the performance of a genetic algorithm .
As it was shown above the structure of the genetic code is precisely the structure of a Gray code . ... " .
Katya Walter has shown that the Fu Xi Earlier Heaven Ho Tu arrangement of the 64 hexagrams can represent the DNA genetic code :
If the central point is allowed to remain central , and represent a U ( 1 ) propagator phase , then both the SouthEast and NorthWest parts have 15 even points and 12 odd points , so that they represent the 15 generators of the Spin( 6 ) that gives conformal gravity and the Higgs mechanism and the 12 generators of the SU ( 3 ) xSU ( 2 ) xU( 1 ) standard model , that is , all the gauge bosons of the D4 - D5 - E6 - E7 - E8 VoDou Physics model spacetime .
Note that , to represent physical structures such as the DNA code and the D4 - D5 - E6 - E7 model gauge bosons , the proper axis for the Ho Tu diagram is NorthEast - SouthWest , which is different from the North - South axis used to represent abstract Yin - Yang binary math structure .
Such a diagonal axis will be used in the Lo Shu diagram , which is more oriented to representations of physical structures , as opposed to abstract structures .
China 's third emperor Huang Di started the present Chinese calendar on 10 February 2697 BC .
About 4,200 years ago , when Comet Hale - Bopp last appeared , Yu ( father of the first emperor of the Xia dynasty ) saw , rising from the Lo River , a turtle with markings of the
shown here in its ancient and modern forms :
Yu interpreted the 4 directions and 4 diagonal directions of the Lo Shu in terms of the Later Heaven arrangement of the 8 trigrams of the I Ching :
Note that the Yu Later Heaven Lo Shu arrangement of the 8 trigrams is not very symmetrical with respect to abstract Yin - Yang binary structure , but is very symmetrical with respect to a NorthEast - SouthWest axis and the physical representation of the 5 Elements .
The NorthEast - SouthWest axis is Earth - Earth - Earth , SouthEast and East are Wood , NorthWest and West are Metal , and South is Fire and North is Water .
Although the Lo Shu is not very symmetrical with respect to abstract Yin - Yang binary structure , the Lo Shu diagram does have the interesting mathematical structure of a Magic Square :
In addition to Square tilings of the plane , there are Hexagonal tilings .
The only Magic Hexagon that exits also has central number 5 : 15 14 13 9 8 10 6 4 11 5 12 1 2 18 7 16 17 19 3
There are 15 sums , 5 parallel to each of its 3 axes .
Each sum is 38 = 2x19 , and there are 1+6+12 = 19 cells .
19x19 is the dimension of the lattice of a WeiQi board .
Perhaps because of its lack of abstract Yin - Yang binary symmetry , the Later Heaven Lo Shu arrangement of the 8 trigrams did not lead Yu to make a corresponding arrangement of the 64 hexagrams .
It was not until about 3,100 years ago that Wen-wang ( father of the founder of the Zhou dynasty ) made a Lo Shu arrangement of the 64 hexagrams .
Since Wen - wang 's son Wu-wang named him ( posthumously ) as the first emperor of the Zhou dynasty , Wen-wang is known as King Wen , and his arrangement of the 64 hexagrams often called the King Wen arrangement .
King
Wen created his arrangement while imprisoned by the Shang emperor .
It was not an arrangement to describe abstract principles , but to describe his life and how it could be useful in overthrowing the corrupt Shang emperor and setting up a better government .
The 64 King Wen hexagrams are arranged in 32 dual pairs .
For 28 of the pairs , one is the other turned upside down .
8 hexagrams are the same turned upside down , so they make up 4 pairs of opposites .
The 28 upside - down symmetric pairs have a similar symmetry to the 28 - dimensional antisymmetric real 8x8 matrices that represent Spin( 0,8 ) of the D4 - D5 - E6 - E7 physics model .
King
Wen 's arrangement is designed for life in our physical world , beginning with pure Yang , forward moving Heaven , and ending with a hexagram described by two characters that mean " not yet across ( a river ) " , so that its ending is really also a beginning , just as in real life .
Perhaps that is why the King Wen arrangement is the one most often seen in present - day I Ching books .
Another son of King Wen was the Duke of Zhou , the brother of King Wu ( Wu- wang ) .
When King Wen wrote about the 64 hexagrams , he wrote for each entire hexagram a Judgment .
The Duke of Zhou wrote a poetic text , the Line Text , for each hexagram Judgment .
Each poem line corresponds to a hexagram line , and each whole poem goes with the Chinese characters for each hexagram Judgment .
Much later commentaries , such as the Ten Wings , have been added to the present - day I Ching books .
My opinion about such later commentaries is the same as that of Rosemary and Kerson Huang : " The poetic aspect of the I Ching , however , has been obscured by the Ten Wings .
How can you enjoy poetry if every line is followed by government regulations on how to read it ? "
Of course , it is possible to make other arrangements of the 8 trigrams and 64 hexagrams of the
Another order is based on the 1 6 15 20 15 6 1 level , with 2^6 = 64 elements , of the Su Meru triangle :
( Here , the hexagrams are denoted by numbers representing them in the binary Fu Xi Earlier Heaven sequence , as binary numbers from 0 through 63 , with broken lines denoted by - -.)
---------------------- 0 1 hexagram with 0 - - ---------------------- 1 2 4 8 16 32 6 hexagrams with 1 - - ---------------------- 3 6 12 24 48 5 10 20 40 9 18 36 15 hexagrams with 2 - - 17 34 33 ---------------------- 7 14 28 11 22 13 26 19 21 25 ======================
10+10 = 20 hexagrams with 3 - - 38 = 63 - 25 42 = 63 - 21 44 = 63 - 19 37 50 = 63 - 13 41 52 = 63 - 11 35 49 56 = 63 - 7 ---------------------- 30 = 63 - 33 29 46 = 63 - 17 27 45 54 = 63 - 9 15 hexagrams with 4 - - 23 43 53 58 = 63 - 5 15 39 51 57 60 = 63 - 3 ---------------------- 31 47 55 59 61 62 = 63 - 1 6 hexagrams with 5 - - ----------------------
63 = 63 - 0 1 hexagram with 6 - - ----------------------
Still another interesting order for the hexagrams uses the order of this 8x8 Magic Square whose sum is 260 .
It is constructed by writing the numbers 1...64 in sequence and then reversing the order of the green entries : 64 2 3 61 60 6 7 8 9 55 54 12 13 51 50 16 17 47 46 20 21 43 42 24 40 26 27 37 36 30 31 32 32 34 35 29 28 38 39 25 41 23 22 44 45 19 18 48 49 15 14 52 53 11 10 56 8 58 59 5 4 62 63 1 Since 8x8 = 64 = 4x4x4 is both a square and a cube ( the smallest such number greater than 1 ) you can use the same numbers and a similar method to construct a 4x4x4 Magic Cube with sum 130 .
Here is such a cube as constructed by Meredith Houlton : 1 63 62 4 60 6 7 57 56 10 11 53 13 51 50 16 48 18 19 45 21 43 42 24 25 39 38 28 36 30 31 33 32 34 35 29 37 27 26 40 41 23 22 44 20 46 47 17 49 15 14 52 12 54 55 9 8 58 59 5 61 3 2 64
The sum of the 8x8 Magic Square , 260 , is twice the sum ( 130 ) of the 4x4x4 Magic Cube .
The Maya calendar uses a period of 260 days , the Tzolkin , as well as a period of 365 days , the Haab .
A version of the
Tai Hsuan Ching
was written by Yang Hsiung , who lived from about 53 BC to about 18 AD .
As the I Ching is based on hexagrams of binary lines , for a total of 2x2x2x2x2x2 = 8x8 = 64 hexagrams , the Tai Hsuan Ching is based on tetragrams of ternary lines , for a total of 3x3x3x3 = 9x9 = 81 tetragrams .
It seems to me as though Vedic divination and Tai Shuan Ching are based on the Triality aspect of the 256 - dimensional Cl (8 )
Clifford algebra of IFA , while I Ching is based on the 64 - dimensional Cl( 6 ) Clifford subalgebra of the Cl ( 8 ) of IFA .
The progression from the I Ching to the Tai Hsuan Ching is similar to a number of things :
The numbers shown in the arrangement below are the ternary numbers plus 1 , as the ternary numbers go from 0 to 80 instead of from 1 to 81 .
The 78 dimensions of E6 correspond to the 78 Tarot cards .
Since E6 as used in the D4 - D5 - E6 - E7 physics model represents the two half - spinor representations of Spin ( 8 ) ,
For Spin(n ) up to n = 8 , here are is their Clifford algebra structure as shown by the Yang Hui ( Pascal ) triangle and the dimensions of their spinor representations
n Total Spinor Dimension Dimension 0 1 2^0 = 1= 1x1 1 1 1 1 2^1 = 2 = 1+1 1 2 1 2 1 2^2 = 4 = 2x2 2 = 1+1 3 1 3 3 1 2^3 = 8 = 4+4 2 4 1 4 6 4 1 2^4 = 16 = 4x4 4 = 2+2 5 1 5 10 10 5 1 2^5 = 32=16+16 4 6 1 6 15 20 15 6 1 2^6 = 64 = 8x8 8 = 4+4 7 1 7 21 35 35 21 7 1 2^7 = 128=64+64 8 8 1 8 28 56 70 56 28 8 1 2^8 = 256=16x16 16 = 8+8
Since each row of the Yang Hui ( Pascal ) triangle corresponds to the graded structure of an exterior algebra with a wedge product , call each row a wedge string .
In this pattern , the 28 and the 8 for n = 8 correspond to the 28 gauge bosons of the D4 Lie algebra and to the 8 spacetime ( 4 physical and 4 internal symmetry ) dimensions that are added when you go to the D5 Lie algebra .
The 8+8 = 16 fermions that are added when you go to E6 , corresponding to spinors , do not correspond to any single grade of the n = 8 Clifford algebra with graded structure 1 8 28 56 70 56 28 8 1 but correspond to the entire Clifford algebra as a whole .
The total dimension of the Clifford algebra is given by the Yang Hui ( Pascal ) triangle pattern of binary expansion ( 1 + 1 ) ^n , which corresponds to the number of vertices of a hypercube of dimension n .
The spinors of the Clifford algebra of dimension n are derived from the total matrix algebra of dimension 2^n with pattern n 0 1 1 2 2 4 3 8 4 16 5 32 6 64 7 128 8 256
This can be expanded to a pattern n 0 1 1 2 1 2 4 2 1 3 8 4 2 1 4 16 8 4 2 1 5 32 16 8 4 2 1 6 64 32 16 8 4 2 1 7 128 64 32 16 8 4 2 1 8 256 128 64 32 16 8 4 2 1 in the same form as the Yang Hui ( Pascal ) triangle .
Call each row a spinor string .
For a given row in the binary ( 1+1 ) ^n Yang Hui ( Pascal ) triangle the string product of a spinor string and a wedge string ( 2^N , 2 ^ ( N - 1 ) , 2 ^ ( N - 2 ) , ... , 2 ^ ( N - J ) , ... , 4 , 2 , 1 ) ( 1 , N , N( N - 1 ) /2 , ... , N^k J^( N - k ) /( k!( N - k ) ! ) J ) , ... , N( N - 1) /2,N,1 ) gives the rows of the ternary ( 1+2 ) ^n power of 3 triangle n 0 1 3^0 = 1 1 2 1 3^1 = 3 2 4 4 1 3^2 = 9 3 8 12 6 1 3^3 = 27 4 16 32 24 8 1 3^4 = 81 5 32 80 80 40 10 1 3^5 = 243 6 64 192 240 160 60 12 1 3^6 = 729 7 128 448 672 560 280 84 14 1 3^7 = 2,187 8 256 1024 1792 1792 1120 448 112 16 1 3^8 = 6,561 Just as the binary ( 1+1 ) ^n triangle corresponds to the I Ching , the ternary ( 1+2 ) ^n triangle corresponds to the Tai Hsuan Ching .
The ternary triangle also describes the sub - hypercube structure of a hypercube .
The ternary power of 3 triangle is not only used in representations of the spinors in the D4 - D5 - E6 - E7 model , it was also by Plato in describing cosmogony and music .
has central entry 365 , and 365 = 73 x 5 is the whole number of days in a solar year .
The corresponding Maya 365 - day period is called the Haab .
The 8x8 Magic Square and 4x4x4 Magic Cube of the I Ching have sums 260 and 130 = 260/2 , and 260 = 13 x 5 x 4 is the number of days in a Maya Tzolkin .
The common period of the Maya Haab and Tzolkin is 73 x 5 x 13 x 4 = 18,980 days or 52 Haab .
The synodic period of Venus is 584 = 73 x 8 .
The common period of the Maya Haab and the synodic period of Venus is 73 x 5 x 8 = 37,960 days or 104 Haab .
The common period of the Maya Haab and Tzolkin and the synodic period of Venus is 73 x 5 x 8 = 2,929 days or 8 Haab .
Since the 8x8 = 4x4x4 = 64 , and 584 = 2 x 260 + 64 .
the synodic period of Venus is naturally expressible in terms of the 8x8 Magic Square and the 4x4x4 Magic Cube .
Here is the 9x9x9 Magic Cube :
1
543 179 616 252 689 397 33 470 106 107 544 180 617 244 690 398 34 471 472 108 545 172 618 245 691 399 35 36 473 100 546 173 619 246 692 400 401 28 474 101 547 174 620 247 693 685 402 29 475 102 548 175 621 248 249 686 403 30 476 103 549 176 613 614 250 687 404 31 477 104 541 177 178 615 251 688 405 32 469 105 542
2
97 534 170 607 324 680 388 24 461 462 98 535 171 608 316 681 389 25 26 463 99 536 163 609 317 682 390 391 27 464 91 537 164 610 318 683 684 392 19 465 92 538 165 611 319 320 676 393 20 466 93 539 166 612 604 321 677 394 21 467 94 540 167 168 605 322 678 395 22 468 95 532 533 169 606 323 679 396 23 460 96
3
452 88 525 242 598 315 671 379 15 16 453 89 526 243 599 307 672 380 381 17 454 90 527 235 600 308 673 674 382 18 455 82 528 236 601 309 310 675 383 10 456 83 529 237 602 603 311 667 384 11 457 84 530 238 239 595 312 668 385 12 458 85 531 523 240 596 313 669 386 13 459 86 87 524 241 597 314 670 387 14 451
4 Thanks to Jeff Knox for correcting my error in row 1 , col 5 , where I had written 231 by mistake .
6 443 160 516 233 589 306 662 370 371 7 444 161 517 234 590 298 663 664 372 8 445 162 518 226 591 299 300 665 373 9 446 154 519 227 592 593 301 666 374 1 447 155 520 228 229 594 302 658 375 2 448 156 521 522 230 586 303 659 376 3 449 157 158 514 231 587 304 660 377 4 450 442 159 515 232 588 305 661 378 5
5
361 78 434 151 507 224 580 297 653 654 362 79 435 152 508 225 581 289 290 655 363 80 436 153 509 217 582 583 291 656 364 81 437 145 510 218 219 584 292 657 365 73 438 146 511 512 220 585 293 649 366 74 439 147 148 513 221 577 294 650 367 75 440 441 149 505 222 578 295 651 368 76 77 433 150 506 223 579 296 652 369
6
725 352 69 425 142 498 215 571 288 280 726 353 70 426 143 499 216 572 573 281 727 354 71 427 144 500 208 209 574 282 728 355 72 428 136 501 502 210 575 283 729 356 64 429 137 138 503 211 576 284 721 357 65 430 431 139 504 212 568 285 722 358 66 67 432 140 496 213 569 286 723 359 360 68 424 141 497 214 570 287 724
7
279 716 343 60 416 133 489 206 643 644 271 717 344 61 417 134 490 207 199 645 272 718 345 62 418 135 491 492 200 646 273 719 346 63 419 127 128 493 201 647 274 720 347 55 420 421 129 494 202 648 275 712 348 56 57 422 130 495 203 640 276 713 349 150 58 423 131 487 204 641 277 714 715 351 59 415 132 488 205 642 278
8
634 270 707 334 51 407 124 561 197 198 635 262 708 335 52 408 125 562 563 190 636 263 709 336 53 409 126 118 564 191 637 264 710 337 54 410 411 119 565 192 638 265 711 338 46 47 412 120 566 193 639 266 703 339 340 48 413 121 567 194 631 267 704 705 341 49 414 122 559 195 632 268 269 706 342 50 406 123 560 196 633
9
188 625 261 698 325 42 479 115 552 553 189 626 253 699 326 43 480 116 117 554 181 627 254 700 327 44 481 482 109 555 182 628 255 701 328 45 37 483 110 556 183 629 256 702 329 330 38 484 111 557 184 630 257 694 695 331 39 485 112 558 185 622 258 259 696 332 40 486 113 550 186 623 624 260 697 333 41 478 114 551 187
References :
Andrews , W. S. , Magic Squares and Cubes ( Dover 1960 ) .
Arguelles , Jose , Earth Ascending ( 3rd ed ) ( Bear 1996 ) .
( Jose Arguelles noticed similar correspondencies between 8x8 Magic Squares , the I Ching , and the Mayan calendar , at least as early as the first edition of Earth Ascending in 1984 . )
Coxeter , H. S. M. , Math .
Z. 200 ( 1988 ) 3 - 45 .
Huang , Kerson and Rosemary , I Ching ( Workman 1987 ) .
Lau , Kwan , Feng Shui for Today ( Tengu 1996 ) .
Nylan , Michael , The Canon of Supreme Mystery by Yan Hsiung , A Translation with Commentary of the T'ai hsuan ching ( State University of New York Press 1993 - A popular version is entitled The Elemental Changes ( Roger Clough has a web page with some notations of errata , such as typos etc. )
Schele , Linda and Freidel , David , A Forest of Kings ( Quill , William Morrow 1990 ) .
Shaughnessy , Edward , I Ching ( Ballantine 1996 ) .
Walter , Katya , Tao of Chaos ( Element 1994 ) .
Walters , Derek , Chinese Astrology ( Aquarian 1992 ) .
Walters , Derek , The Alternative I Ching ( Aquarian Press 1987 ) , originally published in 1983 under the title The Tai Hsuan Ching .
Wells , David , The Penguin Dictionary of Curious and Interesting Numbers ( Penguin 1986 ) .
Williams , C. A. S. , Chinese Symbolism and Art Motifs ( Tuttle 1974 ) .
Wong , Eva , Feng Shui ( Shambhala 1996 ) .
Wong , Eva , Taoism ( Shambhala 1997 ) .
Yates , Robin D. S. , Five Lost Classics : Tao , Huang - Lao , and Yin - Yang in Han China ( Ballantine Books 1997 ) .
OpenWrt Release 10.03 , codename Backfire .
The OpenWrt team will humbly like to announce the final version of the
10.03 release , codenamed Backfire .
The Open Wrt 10.03 " backfire " source code can be checked out at :
svn://svn.openwrt.org/openwrt/branches/backfire/
Further information on how to checkout the Backfire source code is found
at :
https://dev.openwrt.org/wiki/GetSource
Highlights and changes since last stable release :
* Linux 2.6.32 long term support kernel , uClibc 0.9.30
* Support for mac80211 based drivers , such as ath5 k , ath9k and b43
* Support for alternative libc implementations
* New web server " uhttpd " ( busybox httpd now disabled , as default )
* Extended support for X.org with GTK + , QT etc .
* New switch configuration format for Broadcom devices .
See : http://wiki.openwrt.org/doc/uci/network#switch
* New wpa-supplicant and hostapd multicall binary " wpad "
* Initial mac80211 wireless support for Broadcom radios
* Modular preinit system
* Optional support for rootfs on external media
* Support for the TRX v2 format required by newer devices such as the
Linksys WRT54G3GV2-VF
* New /etc / openwrt_release machine - readable file with detailed release
version information
New platforms :
* Atheros AP81 : Ubiquiti Router Station Pro , TP - Link TL - WR1043ND ,
Netgear WNDR3700 , etc. ( ar71 x x )
* Broadcom ADSL modem / router chipsets ( brcm63xx )
* Cavium Networks
Octeon based boards ( octeon )
* Cobalt Networks MIPS - based servers ( cobalt )
* Infineon Danube / TwinPass with open DSL & VoIP drivers ( ifxmips )
* Ingenic XBurst : QI Ben NanoNote ( xburst / qi-lb60 )
* Intel Tolapai SoC ( x86/ep80579 )
* Marvell Kirkwood : SheevaPlug , GuruPlug , OpenRD ... ( kirkwood )
* Marvell Orion SoC ( orion )
Known Issues :
* Currently 5 GHz channels do not work with mac80211 based drivers due
to DFS regulatory issues .
More detailed information available at :
https://dev.openwrt.org/milestone/Backfire%2010.03
Special thanks to marcant .
net for offering buildbot assistance
Yours truly ,
--
The release management team
Andy Boyett & Nicolas
Thill
The Unstoppable Rise of Nick Clegg Liberal Democrats Could Destroy Britain's Two - Party System
After 13 years of Labour Party rule , Britain is on the verge of historic change as the May 6 general election approaches .
For the first time , the Liberal Democrats , the country 's third party , could win a big enough share of the vote to force electoral reform and end the traditional two - party system .
------------------------
Good Friday is the anniversary of Christ 's death on the cross , and the Easter festival shows that he lives despite efforts to kill him off , according to the archbishop , who is tipped by many to become the next head of the church in Australia and leads the largest Catholic diocese in the country .
'' Last century we tried godlessness on a grand scale and the effects were devastating , '' he said .
'' Nazism , Stalinism , Pol - Pottery , mass murder and broken relationships : all promoted by state - imposed atheism or culture - insinuated secularism . ''
It was an illusion to think we could live a better life without God , he said , although he acknowledged that the ' ' violence , abuse and un-lovingness ' ' of many believers through the ages had driven some people away from the church .
CAMP LEATHERNECK , Afghanistan Feb. 4 , 2010  --
Marines have been advertising their intent to go into Marja and take it away from the Taliban for months .
The beat of those drums has grown faster and stronger in recent days prompting many to ask , why tip one 's hand to the enemy ?
Brigadier Gen. Larry Nicholson , commander of the 2nd Marine Expeditionary Unit , has a pretty simple answer .
" Where else would we go ?
It 's the only place left in the Marine area of operation that we 're not in . "
Speaking to a small group of reporters in a dusty corner of his headquarters at Camp Leatherneck situated in the middle of Helmand Province , Nicholson emphasized that there 's really no reason not to let the insurgents know that Marines , U.S. Army soldiers , British , French and the largest contingent of Afghan forces ever are coming .
They have even released the name of the offensive , Operation Moshtarak , a Pashto and Dari word meaning joint operation .
Until now U.S. and Afghan military officials believed they did n't have the forces to effect the sort of change they were hoping for in the central Helmand town .
Now with the addition of forces ordered up by President Obama , the confidence in their mission and ability to carry it out is palpable .
" We are coming , " said Nicholson .
" Deal with it .
Could be easy or could be hard , but we are coming . "
Click here for a map of the area where Operation Moshtarak will take place .
The muscular talk and crystal clear intention is already paying dividends says Nicholson .
" From that position of strength people have been coming out of Marja to talk to us , " he said .
Marines say since they made their intention clear beginning last November they have held dozens of meetings with elders from Marja .
" Because of the inevitability of the operation , people have decided that they want to talk .
There 's a lot of influential people , people of import or businessmen .
They do n't want to be on the wrong side of this thing when it flips , " Nicholson said .
The full throttle approach raises concerns about the possibility for civilian casualties .
The area Marines will be operating in is home to as many as 125,000 people .
It is densely populated and urban .
Major Gen. Nick Carter , commander of Regional Command South , says civilians will be fine if they just stay inside .
" What we hope to see happen here is that population , metaphorically speaking , shuts their front doors , stays put until the forces of the government have control over the areas that have got to be controlled . "
Marines Hope That Advertising Coming Offensive Will Lower Civilian Casualties
Nicholson underscored the point saying a heavy handed approach will reduce the chance for civilian casualties .
" Our feeling is if you go big , strong and fast , you lessen the possibility of civilian casualties as opposed to a slow methodical rolling assault .
You go in and you dominate .
You overwhelm the enemy , " he said .
There 's another good reason to advertise the coming offensive : the Marines would prefer it if the Taliban simply left .
Given the goals of counter - insurgency operations to bloody and weaken one 's enemies while protecting civilian populations , Marines would rather establish control of Marja and raise the Afghan flag at it 's town hall without ever firing a shot .
Since Marines now enjoy such overwhelming force in Helmand they can afford to secure a town and allow the nacsent local , district , provincial and national government structures to grow .
Insurgents would be in the unenviable position of having to fight their way back into the city , a much harder task .
When the fight for this small but strategically important area of central Helmand Province kicks off is still subject to debate , but Marines here give every indication they 'll take Marja sooner than later .
It 's a promise Marines have made before in places like Now Zad , Garmsir and Nawa .
So far they 've kept all their promises .
Google co-founder Sergey Brin has called on Washington to take a stand against China 's censorship of the internet , urging the US to make the issue a " high priority " .
Brin , talking to the Guardian about Google 's decision yesterday to lift censorship from its Chinese internet search engine , called on government and businesses to act in order to put pressure on Beijing .
" I certainly hope they make it a high priority , " he said .
" Human rights issues deserve equal time to the trade issues that are high priority now … I hope this gets taken seriously . "
The Obama administration has been playing down the growing conflict between one of America 's most successful companies and the Chinese authorities , suggesting that the relationship between the two countries is " mature enough to sustain differences " .
But Brin said it was vital that Obama tackled the issue – not least because the importance of the internet means that trade and censorship are inextricably linked .
" Since services and information are our most successful exports , if regulations in China effectively prevent us from being competitive , then they are a trade barrier , " he said .
Brin , 36 , who started Google with fellow Stanford graduate Larry Page in 1998 , also criticised companies that co-operate with Beijing – singling out the actions of Microsoft , which has criticised Google 's approach in China .
He said that companies should think carefully about whether they are providing an ethical service to Chinese citizens and took aim at critics of Google 's U - turn .
Brin has admitted in the past that launching the censored service in 2006 was a mistake .
" We have always opposed [ censorship ] but obviously we have now taken a stronger point of view , " he said .
" I was surprised immediately after our January announcement how much resentment there appeared to be among free marketeers .
" The notion that any company should make any sort of decision other than to maximise profit ?
I would hope that larger companies would not put profit ahead of all else .
Generally , companies should pay attention to how and where their products are used . "
A number of technology companies have been criticised over the years for their roles in helping the Chinese government censor the internet , including most notoriously Cisco – which provides some of the systems used to run the so - called Great Firewall .
Brin saved his strongest criticisms for Microsoft , which he said had capitulated to the Chinese government and trampled over human rights merely in an attempt to score points over Google .
" I 'm very disappointed for them in particular , " he said .
" As I understand , they have effectively no market share – so they essentially spoke against freedom of speech and human rights simply in order to contradict Google . "
He was referring to comments by Microsoft chairman and co-founder Bill Gates , who told American TV – shortly after the revelations that Google had been attacked by hackers based in China – that Beijing 's censorship was " very limited " .
" You 've got to decide : do you want to obey the laws of the countries you 're in or not ? "
Gates told ABC's Good Morning America in January .
" If not , you may not end up doing business there . "
Brin has long advocated lifting censorship from Google in China .
He has said that his strong feelings stemmed from the fact that he was born in the Soviet Union in the 1970s and that his parents , Jewish scientists , left Moscow in 1979 after encountering widespread antisemitism .
" It touches me more than other people having been born in a country that was totalitarian and having seen that for the first few years of my life , " he said .
But after four years of self - censoring , Google 's about - face now means that it essentially offers the same filtered service to Chinese users that it did in 2006 , before it opted to comply with Beijing 's wishes .
Asked whether he felt that Google had been wrong to go into China in the first place , he said : " I think it 's really hard to say .
I do think we helped some .
" Obviously it 's impossible to replace history , and we made a pretty reasonable set of decisions at the time . "
He added : " I hope the political system in China evolves so that we can have more direct involvement again … I hope this leads to a path where the doors start to open more . "
Indeed , Brin suggested that the more companies like Google were only accessible outside the firewall , the more pressure would grow on China .
NEW YORK ( Reuters Health ) - Most youngsters grow out of having otherwise unexplained bone and muscle aches known as growing pains , researchers from Israel report .
Of 35 children who originally had growing pains , Dr. Yosef Uziel , at Meir Medical Center in Kfar - Saba , and co-investigators found that 18 -- or 51 percent -- no longer had growing pains 5 years later , when they were about 13 years old .
Fourteen of the 17 who still had growing pains after 5 years said their episodes had decreased and become milder , the researchers report in The Journal of Pediatrics .
These findings , and the fact that growing pains did not result in school absences or sleep problems , hint at “ the benign nature of this common syndrome , ” Uziel commented in an email to Reuters Health .
Nonetheless , in both a previous look at 44 children with growing pains and the current assessment in 35 of these same youngsters , the investigators observed that kids with growing pains seem to be more sensitive to pain than their peers .
In their latest study , Uziel ’s team applied metered pressure to various body points of 20 boys and 15 girls from the original cohort with growing pains .
They similarly measured pain sensitivity in 38 age - matched boys and girls who did not have growing pains .
They report that 82 percent of the youngsters with continuing growing pains had at least one body point where they detected pain at a level less hurtful than a bump into a piece of furniture or a lightly stubbed toe .
They found the same in just 44 percent of the youngsters with resolved growing pains and 58 percent of those who never had growing pains .
Uziel recommends that parents explain to anxious children that growing pains are common and usually lessen over time .
He notes that relaxation techniques , gentle massage , and over - the - counter pain medications may also help .
In his experience , Uziel has not seen any case of growing pains develop into a more serious pain syndrome or arthritis .
But truly ruling out such a possibility requires further research in larger groups of children , he noted .
Therefore , Uziel suggests parents err on the side of caution by having a physician evaluate any child with severe or very persistent growing pains .
SOURCE : The Journal of Pediatrics , published online February 22 , 2010
Yesterday we first posted Jeremy Grantham 's latest letter which incidentally is a must read for everyone who still is stupid enough to think this market reflects anything remotely related to fundamentals , when instead all it is pricing in is the money printing Kommendant 's daily predisposition to continuing his dollar decimation via ZIRP and shadow QE .
Just like all those who are buying Apple at these stratospheric prices are in essence selling life insurance on Steve Jobs ( sorry , someone had to say it ) , all those buying into the market here are betting the Fed is apolitical when it comes to monetary policy decisions : a proposition so naive and ludicrous , it is not surprising that only the momos continue to buy into the rally , which is driven purely by Primary Dealers recycling money they lend to the treasury which in turn is repoed back by the Fed , so that the banks can buy 100x P/E risky stocks with the same money used to keep the treasury curve diagonal .
This is nothing but Fed - sponsored monetary pornography at its NC - 17 best .
Of course , those who grasp it are few and far between , while the rest of the population is ignorant in its hopes that S&P 1,500 is just over the horizon , without a resultant crash back to 0 on the other side of the bubble .
So for all those who are still confused ( this means you Kommendant Bernanke ) here is a 6 minute clip in which Grantham tells it just the way it is : there is nothing more to this rally that free money and banks ' last ditch attempt to lock in another year of record bonuses before it all goes to shit .
And the implication - play with the big boys at your own peril .
" Bubbles are when you should cash in your " career risk units " and do something brave to protect the investors .
There is nothing more dangerous and damaging to the economy than a great asset bubble that breaks , and this is something that the Fed never seems to get .
Under Greenspan 's incredible leadership he managed to give us the tech bubble , and by keeping interest rates at negative levels for three years drove up the housing bubble , and finally the risk bubble .
And Bernanke has happily picked up the mantle , and seems totally unconcerned about creating yet another bubble .
He has interest rates so low banks can't possible not make a fortune .
Savers are being penalized , anyone who wants to buy cash faces a painful experience , and so we are all tempted into speculating , which is apparently what he wants and we 've just had one of the great speculative rallies in history , second only to 1932 - 33 . "
Some of Grantham 's bubble observations :
Bubbles are when you should cash in your " career risk units " and do something brave to protect the investors .
There isnothing more dangerous and damaging to the economy than a great asset bubble that breaks , and this is something that the Fed never seems to get .
The current UK and Australia housing bubbles are no exception to the trendline : if they do n't explode it will be the " first time in history that a bubble has not broken . "
Other current bubbles : commodities and the emerging market equities .
In every bubble there is an element of greater fool , but nothing will stop the enthusiasm of the EM bubble due to the slow growth of the rest of the world , they have become the " only game in town . "
" It is not usual that you will get three bubbles in a 10 or 12 year period .
Normally one bubble will chew up 20 years because it leaves such a painful experience , people do n't queue up to put their hands on the same stove and burn themselves again . "
The US market is now thoroughly expensive again .
Full must watch clip after the jump .
Technically , BioShock 2's downloadable content released before today .
That 's because it's on the disc .
So , again , we 're downloading an unlock .
2 K says this was necessary to allow the entire player base to play multiplayer together .
Advertisement
The BioShock 2 community noted the downloads were 108K for the Xbox 360 , 24 K for the PC , so either 2 K 's achieved some insane results with compression technology or that 's just a key to access code on the disc .
A 2 K community manager noticed " a bit of confusion " and stepped in " to clear things up for you . "
Here is the reasoning :
The way our engine and game structure works is that people need to have the exact same content for people to play together .
One of the challenges with post launch content for MP is that it can split the player base , and we want to avoid that whenever possible .
For this content , creating the DLC package the way we did allowed for us to not split the player base – so whether you purchase the new content or not , you can still play with your friends .
Advertisement
So if anything , this type of DLC delivery not only is n't going away , it 's now offered with a bulletproof justification .
You want to own all the code on the disc , well , do you really want to split the player - base ?
It 's like putting kids in the middle of a divorce .
A carbon nanotube ( shown in illustration ) can produce a very rapid wave of power when it is coated by a layer of fuel and ignited , so that heat travels along the tube .
Researchers have found a way to produce large amounts of electricity from tiny cylinders made from carbon atoms .
The achievement could replace decades - old methods of generating electricity , such as combustion engines and turbines , the researchers say .
In the future , coated carbon nanotubes crafted from individual atoms could power everything from cell phones to hybrid-electric vehicles .
The team envisions such nanotube - based power being available to consumers in the next five years .
Carbon nanotubes are thin sheets of carbon rolled up into teensy tubes each with a diameter about 30,000 times smaller than a strand of hair .
When carbon — one of the most abundant elements on Earth — is rolled up into tubes , it exhibits some extraordinary properties such as high heat conduction , which the team exploited in the new study .
A carbon firecracker
The researchers coated the nanotubes with a fuel , such as gasoline or ethanol , and applied heat to one end .
The result :
The fuel reacts and produces more heat , which ignites more fuel to create even more heat .
The process creates “ a wave that travels like dominoes falling in a line [ down the length of the nanotube ] , ” said study team member Michael Strano , a chemical engineer at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) .
The resulting heat wave , it turns out , also creates a wave of electrons moving in one direction – aka electricity .
“ The thermal wave squeezes electrons out of the nanotubes like a tube of toothpaste , ” Strano explained .
The devices built in the MIT lab produced 10 times more power than a lithium - ion battery of equivalent mass .
“ What 's intriguing about these waves is that we have n’t really done any engineering to make them efficient yet and already they ’re ten times [ more powerful than ] a lithium - ion battery , ” Strano told TechNewsDaily .
“ We may be able to make very very small power sources out of them . "
Cell phone battery replacement
The fuel - coated nanotubes could replace batteries for cell phones and other devices .
Strano imagines a device with a button that you would push to create heat from friction , triggering the electricity - generating reaction inside the microscopic tubes .
These power devices could be made 10 times smaller than today ’s cell - phone batteries but still hold the same amount of power .
Furthermore , unlike today ’s batteries , the carbon nanotube variety would not contain any toxic metals .
With some tweaking , the carbon nanotubes could even power a car , Strano said .
But instead of coating the carbon cylinders with fuel , a liquid fuel could be stored in the car 's gas tank and get injected onto the carbon nanotube battery when needed .
Strano said he was confident his team 's discovery could be translated into commercial batteries within a few years .
“ We have a lot of engineering challenges that we have to overcome in order to make this a commercial device , " Strano said , " but nothing is as difficult as the initial discovery . "
Strano and his colleagues detail their discovery in the March 7 issue of the journal Nature Materials .
Add New Comment
You are commenting as a Guest .
Optional : Login below .
Sort by Popular now Best Rating Newest first Oldest first
Reactions
Show more reactions
Trackback URL
You buy great food at the store , but schedule changes and time crunches leave you with extras that are headed for the trash — unless you intervene .
We asked some skilled food bloggers how they utilize their unused and excess ingredients .
Advertisement
Photo by Runder .
We 've previously warmed up to the idea of multi-meal recipes , making hash from leftovers , and post - Thanksgiving leftover recipes — and when all else fails , there 's our complete guide to freezing food .
We are just one blog , however , and we do n't write about food as often as the folks quoted here do .
Here 's how they save money , and face , by using up whatever 's hanging around each week .
Advertisement
The 101 Course for Stretching Your Food Further
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
If there 's one blogger who knows frugal food , it 's Kristen at Cheap Healthy Good .
She 's previously made 17 meals from one chicken , and offered up a wealth of other ideas for us via email .
• Stagger your produce .
When you buy certain fruits and vegetables ( bananas , pears , avocados , etc. ) , get half ripe , and half unripe .
By the time you finish the ripe stuff , the unripe is ready to go , and nothing goes bad .
•
Do n't hide perishables .
Some food only has a shelf life of a couple of days , and stashing it in the recesses of your crisper drawer all but guarantees its moldy demise .
Whether you 're talking leftovers or leafy greens , keeping it in the front and center of your fridge will keep it front and center in your memory .
• Memorize a few simple kitchen sink recipes .
Burritos , frittatas , pizzas , salads , stews , chilis , and stir fry dishes are excellent for using up bits and pieces of mismatched food that would otherwise go uneaten .
•
Prep fruits and vegetables as soon as you arrive home from the supermarket .
You 're much more likely to consume food that 's already been washed , chopped , and arranged for optimum snacking .
( If you have time , prepping entire meals can reduce waste and save time , as well .
Take an afternoon and pull the whole week together . )
•
Freeze unused meat immediately .
If you 're not cooking a chicken breast within a day or two of buying it , wrap it securely and place it in your freezer .
Write the date on it , and it 'll be set for pan frying down the line .
Advertisement
Finally , Kristen offers up these 156 recipes for ten leftover fresh herbs that 's definitely worth a bookmark , or at least a Google in the future .
Trifles , croutons , and gnocchi
Advertisement
Clotilde Dusoulier is the French blogger behind Chocolate & Zucchini , which eventually gave way to a cookbook of the same name .
She told us a few of the strategies she uses to fight food waste in her own home :
• If I 've made a cake that did n't get eaten quickly enough and the last few servings are getting a bit dry , I use them to make a trifle ( a layered concoction alternating diced cake , poached fruit , yogurt or whipped cream , chocolate shavings , etc. ) .
•
I make my own sourdough bread , so I particularly hate wasting it .
The butt end of bread loaves that have gotten a bit stale I dice and let dry on the counter .
The diced bread is then either ground in the food processor to make really good breadcrumbs , or sautéed with a bit of oil to make croutons , or used to make a bettelman ( the Alsatian bread pudding ) .
Bettelman is great with leftover brioche and croissants , too . •
If I have too many potatoes on hand and they 're starting to sprout , I make potato gnocchi and stash them away in the freezer .
•
I only ever buy meat or fish on the day I plan to cook and serve them .
The rest of the time , we get our protein from eggs , tofu , cheese , legumes , grains , etc. — ingredients that keep for considerably longer than meat or fish , and are therefore more flexible to work into our meal schedule .
•
In general , I try to be proactive : if I worry that a particular vegetable / ingredient / boxed leftover might not get eaten until it's too late , I put it in the freezer right away ( some vegetables / fruits need to be cooked before you freeze them for best results ) .
We might end up getting to it the next day , but better safe than sorry .
Advertisement
Bananas , cream , and last - minute desserts
Aun Koh , along with his wife " S , " edits Chubby Hubby , where he 's often describing how a meal , dessert , or treat came together from leftovers or circumstance .
Advertisement
Koh has found two ways of using up the bananas you bought but never ate or turned into bread : banana ice cream , which he then pairs with tiny brownie cookies for mini- sandwiches , and his wife 's banana cake .
Advertisement
Cream and dark chocolate are two ingredients you can't usually buy in tiny amounts .
For the leftovers , or for any night where you lack for an impressive dessert , his pot de creme makes for a tasty , stylish dish you can bust out on short notice .
Soup , and lots of it
Advertisement
Heidi Swanson , proprietress of the 101 Cookbooks recipe blog , generally works with natural , healthy , and organic foods .
That does n't mean she does n't have leftovers .
Her technique , when facing a fridge or freezer full of food heading south , is to make soups like this ribollita , which uses up greens , beans , big vegetables , and day - old bread .
Not particularly creative or sexy , but I make big pots of soup with any ingredients I fear might go to waste .
Cool & freeze in individual or family - sized baggies ( I double - bag ) .
Then there 's just a thaw , a reheat , and a topping or two between you and a really good meal .
Advertisement
As always , we welcome your own food - using suggestions , leftover miracles , and recipe comments , in the comments .
The Arizona Legislature has just stepped off the deep end of the immigration debate , passing a harsh and mean - spirited bill that would do little to stop illegal immigration .
What it would do is lead to more racial profiling , hobble local law enforcement , and open government agencies to frivolous , politically driven lawsuits .
The bill is a grab bag of measures to enlist law enforcement and government at every level to expose and expel the undocumented .
Opponents say it verges on a police state , which sounds overblown until you read it .
It would make not having immigration documents a new state misdemeanor , and allow officers to arrest anyone who could not immediately prove they were here legally .
That means if you are brown - skinned and leave home without a wallet , you are in trouble .
Police agencies that believe overly tough enforcement tactics are undercutting their ability to fight crime would have to crack down anyway .
The bill would require police officers who have “ reasonable suspicion ” about someone ’s immigration status to demand to see documents .
And it would empower anyone to sue any state agency or official or any county , city or town that he or she believes is not fully enforcing immigration law .
Even as the jobless rate held steady at 9.7 percentand the 36,000 workers laid off in February was much less than expected , economists and investment analysts said it 's still too early to discount the economy 's chances of revisiting recession .
" Eight months into the much - touted recovery , the economy should be adding jobs not just losing jobs at a slower pace , " University of Maryland economist Peter Morici wrote in an analysis .
" No study of economic history could yield a conclusion other than that the US economy ( walks ) along the precipice of a double dip recession . "
There were two ways to view the Friday jobs report , and Wall Street clearly chose the more optimistic .
Uncertainty over the impact of this season 's brutal weather pattern had caused wide disparities in projections , with most economists around the 75,000 mark but some whisper projections as high as 200,000 .
When the actual number came in better than even the most optimistic projections , recovery backers cooed that the jobs market was showing clear signs of improvement and perhaps only a month away from positive job growth .
Investors sent the major stock averages up nicelyafter a somewhat lackluster week .
" Going into today 's report , we had expected that the big winter storms that hit the East Coast during the job survey might have cut into the job gain , " Nomura Securities chief economist David Resler wrote .
" Overall , we see these data as broadly encouraging and consistent with the judgment that private sector businesses will soon be adding consistently to their payrolls . "
Not everyone was as quick to claim victory , though .
Staffing industry executives told Reutersafter the numbers were released that while the trends were encouraging that workers will be added as the years go on , real job growth is likely even then to be slow and will have only a marginal impact .
That 's precisely what worries the double - dip camp — that slow growth at some point will reignite fears over the economy and itself lead to another drop .
" Do I sense from clients that they 're confident there 's no possibility of a double - dip ?
I 'd say no , " said Tig Gilliam , who heads North American operations at Adecco , the world 's biggest staffing group and one of the nation 's biggest employers after the Postal Service and Wal - Mart .
" That 's why we 're seeing the caution . "
Bill Gross , co-CIO at Pimco , where he helps run the world 's largest bond fund , said issues with " structural unemployment , " or lack of demand for available workers , will bedevil the economy as well .
Pimco has coined the term " new normal " for its projections of slow growth — that stop short of a double - dip prediction — and Gross reiterated in an interview with CNBC that the economy is stuck in a cycle that will take years , not months , to break .
Economist Michael Pento , of Delta Global Advisors in Parsippany , N.J. , said the better - than - expected jobs number was boosted primarily by the 15,000 Census workers hired and does nothing to mask what he considers the near - certainty that the second half of the year will see another leg down for the economy .
" We still have n't created any jobs .
They can't get any loans , their incomes are down and they face much higher taxes in 2011 and higher interest rates , " Pento said in an interview .
" I do n't know why anybody would think anything else .
If I 'm wrong I 'll fall down and build a shrine to John Maynard Keynes . "
Indeed , positive job creation is likely to take effect in the coming months because of the Census , but will reverse once the population count is over , Pento said .
The lack of job creation two and a half years after the Federal Reserve began cutting interest rates bolstered the case for those who see more trouble ahead .
" If the best the US labor market can do is printing modestly negative headline payroll reports at this stage of the cycle , one has to wonder how these numbers will look going forward barring either an acceleration in private final demand or a collapse in productivity growth , " wrote Gluskin Sheff economist David Rosenberg in his daily note .
For investors , the times ahead could be cloudy as the market looks to break out of the trading range in which it has been mired for most of 2010 .
Opinion
The citizens of Tunbridge Wells may not have been disgusted , but a few will quite possibly have been spluttering into their cornflakes Friday morning at the news that a well - known director of adult films will be standing as a parliamentary candidate for a nearby Kent constituency .
Anna Arrowsmith – better known to afficionadoes of a certain sort of film as Anna Span – actually lives in Tunbridge Wells , and has been selected to stand on behalf of the the Lib Dems for Gravesham , just a few miles down the road .
Her selection has already excited a certain sort of media coverage , and those looking for a quick blast of smut are welcome to take a look at a listing of some of the recent films produced by her production company , " Easy on the Eye " ( NSFW ) .
Chauvinists beware , however : Anna is not your average porn director .
She comes to the business with strong feminist credentials , and set out to produce and direct films from a female perspective .
Her aim is to focus on women enjoying sex – as opposed to reinforcing male stereotypes about how women are supposed to enjoy themselves .
She is therefore a rather less surprising choice of candidate than you might expect .
Speaking to The Register this morning , she suggests that her career makes her well - suited to taking on the hurly - burly of parliamentary life .
She has stuck to her guns , making the sort of film that she believes needs to be made in an industry that was not , initially , favourable to her work : she is a female director , in a business previously dominated by male directors .
The fact that she has produced over 250 films underlines both an impressive energy on her part and a commitment to following through .
She told us : “ I have lived in the real world .
I know how to run a business : unlike many in Westminster today , I am not a professional politician . ”
Over the last 12 months , she has also scored what most now recognise as an impressive victory over the fuddy - duddies of the BBFC , who both claimed that there was no such thing as female ejaculation ( they say it ’s really urination ) and that if it exists it ’s obscene anyway .
Critics in organisations such as Feminists against Censorship – a group that Anna has also been a member of for many years – objected to what they saw as a double standard on the part of the film establishment , nodding through imagery that exalted male fantasy , while denying female experience .
All this background means that if elected , Anna is likely to be one of the first MPs prepared to talk openly and insightfully about matters of sexuality .
While the last decade has seen a great deal of legislation about sex , there has been barely a squeak of dissent by elected members , just in case they offend middle England .
Time and time again , it has been left to the Lords to inject any alternative perspective into debate .
Anna is well aware of the way that the media are likely to focus on her candidacy .
She says : “ I have hidden nothing .
I told the central party everything before putting myself forward as a candidate . ”
As for her electorate , she adds : “ Do n’t judge me by the industry as a whole .
I have gone into the porn industry with a view to changing it and making it more female - friendly .
“ I have spent years campaigning for equal opportunities for female workers and this has given me an excellent experience for the coming campaign .
“ I am a campaigner .
I am a natural fighter . ”
Whatever the outcome , her involvement has brightened up an election campaign that is already starting to get bogged down in the heavyweight spin of party machinery .
Gravesham looks like being an interesting constituency to watch .
Bootnote
At the last election , Gravesham was a highly marginal constituency , returning to Conservatives from Labour on a swing of 6.3 per cent .
Conservative MP Adam Holloway currently holds it with a vote of 43.7 per cent .
Labour took 42.2 per cent .
The Lib Dems were third with 10.7 per cent . ®
Salmonella Scare Leads to FDA Recall of Processed Foods Salmonella contamination leads to FDA recalls on growing number of products .
March 4 , 2010  --
Numerous food products are being recalled due to possible salmonella contamination in a widely used flavor enhancer , hydrolyzed vegetable protein ( HVP ) , the FDA has announced .
HVP , a relative of MSG , enhances savory flavors in processed foods such as soups , hot dogs , chili , stews , dips , salad dressings and other snack foods .
" We do n't know precisely how large this recall will get , but we expect this to get larger over the next several days to several weeks , " Jeff Farrar , FDA associate commissioner for food protection said at a Thursday press conference .
The contamination was detected several weeks ago in HVP produced by Basic Food Flavors Inc. of Las Vegas , Nev. , and made known to the FDA through the newly - instituted Reportable Food Registry .
Since then , the FDA has confirmed salmonella contamination at Basic Food Flavors ' plant , and all HVP produced by the facility since Sept. 17 , 2009 , is subject to recall .
Potentially contaminated food products that have a " kill step , " however , in which heating or other preparation of the food would kill any salmonella bacteria , will not be subject to recall .
As of Thursday afternoon , nearly 30 products had been recalled .
For a full list of recalled items , see the FDA's www.foodsafety.gov.
A list of more than 50 recalled foods on the Web site includes several dips manufactured by T. Marzetti , Sweet Maui Onion potato chips manufactured by Tim's Cascade Snacks , Tortilla Soup mix made by Homemade Gourmet and several prepackaged " Follow Your Heart " tofu meals manufactured by Earth Island .
" At this time , we believe the risk to consumers of this ingredient is very low , " Farrar said .
Salmonella is an organism that can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in those with compromised immune systems , small children , and the elderly .
No illnesses associated with this contamination have been reported to date .
Margaret Hamburg , the FDA commissioner , said at the press conference that this outbreak , caught before any reported illnesses , is a testament to the effectiveness of the new registry , but added that at the same time , " we are also working hard to put in place the kind of preventive control measures to prevent this from happening in the first place . "
Mmm , Mmm , Chemicals
HVP is used in thousands of products to lend a meaty or brothy flavor to foods .
While it is chemically synthesized , it is considered a natural flavoring as it is derived from vegetable products , most commonly soy , wheat or corn , said Benjamin Jones , senior chemist at the flavor company David Michael & Co .
" Typically start with corn , soy or wheat gluten , add hydrochloric acid , and cook the living daylights out of it , " Jones said .
The high temperatures break down the proteins into amino acids , and after this is neutralized with sodium hydroxide , you get a material that 's perfectly safe to handle , he said .
Because the FDA requires that the flavoring be declared on the packaging , consumers will be able to tell which products contain HVP -- it will be noted on the ingredients list .
However , the FDA said in a press release Thursday that consumers will be unable to tell which HVP - containing foods might be dangerous just by reading food labels .
The labels do not say which items have HVP manufactured by Basic Food Flavors , Inc .
To safely remove dangerous products from circulation , the FDA is currently working with food manufacturers , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , the U.S. Department of Agriculture , and the Nevada Department of Health and Human Services .
The Flavor Factory
Synthesized flavors , like HVP , are used ubiquitously in food manufacturing , but do we really need additives like these to make that hot dog taste like a hot dog ?
Jack Fastag , president of the Society of Flavor Chemists , said that without added flavorings , it would be impossible to preserve the type of consistency in taste that consumers have come to expect from brand label foods .
" It goes hand - in - hand with industrialization , " he said .
" Consumers expect that certain products will taste the same every time , but in reality , that 's quite difficult to accomplish .
Things will change from crop to crop , year to year . "
With the development of flavor technology , this type of consistency is made possible , he said , and is now indispensible to food manufacturers .
The work of flavor chemists was not always as widely accepted , however .
At the turn of the century , flavor makers were often lampooned as " Adulterators , Food Poisoners , and Drug Dopesters " by politicians and newspapers , according to a history of the industry from the Flavor Extract Manufacturers Association ( FEMA ) .
But as the convenience of processed , preserved foods became more popular , flavors and extracts were needed to restore the proper taste to foods when inherent flavors were lost during processing and the industry grew .
Today , the fruits of this multibillion - dollar industry can be found in most processed foods on grocery shelves , often under the simple title : " natural and artificial flavors . "
This was the first flavor - related recall of this kind , Farrar said , and one that underscores the FDA 's need for stronger regulatory tools in dealing with food safety .
In 1999 the US Center for Disease Control ( CDC ) released a glowing report on the fluoridation of public water supplies , citing the procedure as one of the century ’s great public health successes .
1
Ironically , the same report hints that the alleged benefit from fluorides may not be due to ingestion : “ Fluoride ’s caries - preventive properties initially were attributed to changes in enamel during tooth development because of the association between fluoride and cosmetic changes in enamel and a belief that fluoride incorporated into enamel during tooth development would result in a more acid-resistant mineral . ”
The CDC report then acknowledges new studies which indicate that the effects are “ topical ” rather than “ systemic . ”
“ However , laboratory and epidemiologic research suggests that fluoride prevents dental caries predominately after eruption of the tooth into the mouth , and its actions primarily are topical for both adults and children . ”
The obvious question is this :
How can the CDC consider the addition of fluoride to public water supplies to be a public health success while admitting at the same time that fluoride ’s benefits are not “ systemic , ” in other words , are not obtained from drinking it ?
The truth , now becoming increasingly evident , is that fluoridation and the proclaimed benefit of fluoride as a way of preventing dental decay is perhaps the greatest “ scientific ” fraud ever perpetrated upon an unsuspecting public .
Even worse , the relentless promotion of fluoride as a “ dental benefit ” is responsible for the huge neglect in proper assessment of its toxicity , an issue that has become a major concern for many nations .
As there is no substance as biochemically active in the human organism as fluoride , excessive total intake of fluoride compounds might well be contributing to many diseases currently afflicting mankind , particularly those involving thyroid dysfunction .
In the United States , most citizens are kept entirely ignorant of any adverse effect that might occur from exposure to fluorides .
Dental fluorosis , the first visible sign that fluoride poisoning has occurred , is declared a mere “ cosmetic effect ” by the dental profession , although the “ biochemical events which result in dental fluorosis are still unknown .
” 2,3,4 The quantity of fluoride needed to prevent caries but avoid dental fluorosis is also unknown .
5
What is Fluoride ?
Fluoride is any combination of elements containing the fluoride ion .
In its elemental form , fluorine is a pale yellow , highly toxic and corrosive gas .
In nature , fluorine is found combined with minerals as fluorides .
It is the most chemically active nonmetallic element of all the elements and also has the most reactive electro - negative ion .
Because of this extreme reactivity , fluorine is never found in nature as an uncombined element .
Fluorine is a member of group VIIa of the periodic table .
It readily displaces other halogens–such as chlorine , bromine and iodine–from their mineral salts .
With hydrogen it forms hydrogen fluoride gas which , in a water solution , becomes hydrofluoric acid .
There was no US commercial production of fluorine before World War II .
A requirement for fluorine in the processing of uranium ores , needed for the atomic bomb , prompted its manufacture .
6
Fluorine compounds or fluorides are listed by the US Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry ( ATSDR ) as among the top 20 of 275 substances that pose the most significant threat to human health .
7
In Australia , the National Pollutant Inventory ( NPI ) recently considered 400 substances for inclusion on the NPI reporting list .
A risk ranking was given based on health and environmental hazard identification and human and environmental exposure to the substance .
Some substances were grouped together at the same rank to give a total of 208 ranks .
Fluoride compounds were ranked 27th out of the 208 ranks .
8
Fluorides , hydrogen fluoride and fluorine have been found in at least 130 , 19 , and 28 sites , respectively , of 1,334 National Priorities List sites identified by the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) .9
Consequently , under the provisions of the Superfund Act ( CRECLA , 1986 ) , a compilation of information about fluorides , hydrogen fluoride and fluorine and their effects on health was required .
This publication appeared in 1993.9
Fluorides are cumulative toxins .
The fact that fluorides accumulate in the body is the reason that US law requires the Surgeon General to set a Maximum Contaminant Level ( MCL ) for fluoride content in public water supplies as determined by the EPA .
This requirement is specifically aimed at avoiding a condition known as Crippling Skeletal Fluorosis ( CSF ) , a disease thought to progress through three stages .
The MCL , designed to prevent only the third and crippling stage of this disease , is set at 4 ppm or 4 mg per liter .
It is assumed that people will retain half of this amount ( 2mg ) , and therefore 4 mg per liter is deemed “ safe . ”
Yet a daily dose of 2 - 8 mg is known to cause the third crippling stage of CSF .
10,11
In 1998 EPA scientists , whose job and legal duty it is to set the Maximum Contaminant Level , declared that this 4 ppm level was set fraudulently by outside forces in a decision that omitted 90 percent of the data showing the mutagenic properties of fluoride .
12
The Clinical Toxicology of Commercial Products , 5th Edition ( 1984 ) gives lead a toxicity rating of 3 to 4 ( 3 = moderately toxic , 4 = very toxic ) and the EPA has set 0.015 ppm as the MCL for lead in drinking water –with a goal of 0.0 p pm .
The toxicity rating for fluoride is 4 , yet the MCL for fluoride is currently set at 4.0 ppm , over 250 times the permissable level for lead .
Water Fluoridation
In 1939 a dentist named H. Trendley Dean , working for the U.S. Public Health Service , examined water from 345 communities inTexas .
Dean determined that high concentrations of fluoride in the water in these areas corresponded to a high incidence of mottled teeth .
This explained why dentists in the area found mottled teeth in so many of their patients .
Dean also claimed that there was a lower incidence of dental cavities in communities having about 1 ppm fluoride in the water supply .
Among the native residents of these areas about 10 percent developed the very mildest forms of mottled enamel ( “ dental fluorosis ” ) , which Dean and others described as “ beautiful white teeth . ”
Dean ’s report led to the initiation of artificial fluoridation of drinking water at 1 part - per-million ( ppm ) in order to supply the “ optimal dose ” of 1 mg fluoride per day–assuming that drinking four glasses of water every day would duplicate Dean ’s “ optimal ” intake for most people .
Now , according to the American Dental Association , all people , rich or poor , could have “ beautiful white teeth ” and be free of caries at the same time .
After all , the benefits of water fluoridation had been documented “ beyond any doubt .
” 13
When other scientists investigated Dean ’s data , they did not reach the same conclusions .
In fact , Dean had engaged in “ selective use of data , ” using findings from 21 cities that supported his case while completely disregarding data from 272 other locations that did not show a correlation .
14
In court cases Dean was forced to admit under oath that his data were invalid.15
In 1957 he had to admit at AMA hearings that even waters containing a mere 0.1 ppm ( 0.1 mg/l ) could cause dental fluorosis , the first visible sign of fluoride overdose .
16 Moreover , there is not one single double - blind study to indicate that fluoridation is effective in reducing cavities .
17
So What ’s the Truth About Tooth Decay ?
The truth is that more and more evidence shows that fluorides and dental fluorosis are actually associated with increased tooth decay .
The most comprehensive US review was carried out by the National Institute of Dental Research on 39,000 school children aged 5 - 17 years .
18
It showed no significant differences in terms of DMF ( decayed , missing and filled teeth ) .
What it did show was that high decay cities ( 66.5 - 87.5 percent ) have 9.34 percent more decay in the children who drink fluoridated water .
Furthermore , a 5.4 percent increase in students with decay was observed when 1 ppm fluoride was added to the water supply .
Nine fluoridated cities with high decay had 10 percent more decay than nine equivalent non-fluoridated cities .
The world ’s largest study on dental caries , which looked at 400,000 students , revealed that decay increased 27 percent with a 1 ppm fluoride increase in drinking water .
19
In Japan , fluoridation caused decay increases of 7 percent in 22,000 students , 20 while in the US a decay increase of 43 percent occured in 29,000 students when 1 ppm fluoride was added to drinking water .
21
Dental Fluorosis : A “ Cosmetic ” Defect ?
Dental fluorosis is a condition caused by an excessive intake of fluorides , characterized mainly by mottling of the enamel ( which starts as “ white spots ” ) , although the bones and virtually every organ might also be affected due to fluoride ’s known anti-thyroid characteristics .
Dental fluorosis can only occur during the stage of enamel formation and is therefore a sign that an overdose of fluoride has occurred in a child during that period .
Dental fluorosis has been described as a subsurface enamel hypomineralization , with porosity of the tooth positively correlated with the degree of fluorosis .
22
It is characterized by diffuse opacities and under- mineralized enamel .
Although identical enamel defects occur in cases of thyroid dysfunction , the dental profession describes the defect as merely “ cosmetic ” when it is caused by exposure to fluoride .
What is now becoming apparent is that this “ cosmetic ” defect actually predisposes to tooth decay .
In 1988 Duncan23 stated that hypoplastic defects have a strong potential to become carious .
In 1989 , Silberman , 24 evaluating the same data on Head Start children , wrote that “ preliminary data indicate that the presence of primary canine hypoplasia [ enamel defects ] may result in an increased potential for the tooth becoming carious . ”
In 1996 Li 25 wrote that children with enamel hypoplasia demonstrated a significantly higher caries experience than those who did not have such defects and , further , that the “ presence of enamel hypoplasia may be a predisposing factor for initiation and progression of dental caries , and a predictor of high caries susceptibility in a community . ”
In 1996 Ellwood & O’Mullane26 stated that “ developmental enamel defects may be useful markers of caries susceptibility , which should be considered in the risk - benefit assessment for use of fluoride . ”
Currently up to 80 percent of US children suffer from some degree of dental fluorosis , while in Canada the figure is up to 71 percent .
A prevalence of 80.9 percent was reported in children 12 - 14 years old in Augusta , Georgia , the highest prevalence yet reported in an “ optimally ” fluoridated community in the United States .
Moderate - to - severe fluorosis was found in 14 percent of the children .27
Before the push for fluoridation began , the dental profession recognized that fluorides were not beneficial but detrimental to dental health .
In 1944 , the Journal of the American Dental Association reported : “ With 1.6 to 4 ppm fluoride in the water , 50 percent or more past age 24 have false teeth because of fluoride damage to their own .
” 28
The Wonder Nutrient ?
On countless internet sites , fluoride is proclaimed as the “ wonder nutrient , ” the “ deficiency ” symptom being increased dental caries .
29
It boggles the mind that a cumulative toxin and toxic waste product can be described a “ nutrient . ”
Nevertheless , such claims are repeatedly made by pro-fluoridationists .30
On March 16 , 1979 , the FDA deleted paragraphs 105.3 ( c ) and 105.85 ( d ) ( 4 ) of Federal Register documents which had classified fluorine , among other substances , as “ essential ” or “ probably essential . ”
Since that time , nowhere in the Federal Regulations is fluoride classified as “ essential ” or “ probably essential . ”
These deletions were the immediate result of 1978 Court deliberations .
31
No essential function for fluoride has ever been proven in humans .
32,33,34,35,36
“ Nature Thought of It First ”
A popular slogan employed by the ADA and other pro-fluoridation organizations is , “ Nature thought of it first ! ”
The slogan creates the impression that the fluoridation compounds used in water fluoridation are the same as those discovered many years ago in the water in some areas of the US.37
The fluoride compound in “ naturally ” fluoridated waters is calcium fluoride .
Sodium fluoride , a common fluoridation agent , dissolves easily in water , but calcium fluoride does not.9
Animal studies performed by Kick and others in 1935 revealed that sodium fluoride was much more toxic than calcium fluoride .38 Even worse , toxicity was recorded for hydrofluorosilicic acid , the compound now used in over 90 percent of fluoridation programs , Hydrofluorosilicic acid is a direct byproduct of pollution scrubbers used in the phosphate fertilizer and aluminum industries .
Our government adds it to water supplies even though it is also involved in getting rid of its own stockpile of fluoride compounds left over from years and years of stockpiling fluorides for use in the process of refining uranium for nuclear power and weapons .
39
In the Kick study , less than 2 percent of calcium fluoride was absorbed and this was excreted quantitatively in the urine .
But even calcium fluoride is not benign .
As the animals given calcium fluoride also developed mottled teeth , it was clear that such compounds could produce changes on the teeth merely by passing through the body , and not by being “ stored in a tooth ” or anywhere else .
No calcium fluoride was retained .
In 1946 Samuel Chase , one of the authors of the Kick study , became president of the International Association for Dental Research ( IADR ) .
This organization promoted the idea that only the fluoride ion in the various fluoridation compounds was of importance .
Yet he well knew that sodium fluoride did not behave like calcium fluoride .
Unlike calcium fluoride , sodium fluoride was retained in great amounts in the body and was very toxic .
Rock phosphate and hydro - fluorosilicic acid experiments yielded the same information .
New areas with “ natural ” fluoride are appearing all over the world , as now all areas not “ artificially ” fluoridated are considered “ natural . ”
The problem is that this “ natural ” fluoride is the result of direct water and soil contamination from petrochemical land treatment , uncontrolled fertilizer use , pesticide applications , ground water contamination from industrial waste sites , rocket fuel “ burial grounds , ” and so forth .
Suddenly we have “ natural ” fluorides showing up in areas previously deemed “ fluoride deficient ” !
Total Intake
It is well established that it is TOTAL fluoride intake from ALL sources which must be considered for any adverse health effect evaluation .
40,41,42
This includes intake by ingestion , inhalation and absorption through the skin .
In 1971 , the World Health Organization ( WHO ) stated : “ In the assessment of the safety of a water supply with respect to the fluoride concentration , the total daily fluoride intake by the individual must be considered .
” 41 Exposure to airborne fluorides from many diverse manufacturing processes–pesticide applications , phosphate fertilizer production , aluminum smelting , uranium enrichment facilities , coal - burning and nuclear power plants , incinerators , glass etching , petroleum refining and vehicle emissions–can be considerable .
In addition , many people consume fluorine - based medications such as Prozac , which greatly adds to fluoride ’s anti-thyroid effects .
ALL fluoride compounds–organic and inorganic–have been shown to exert anti-thyroid effects , often potentiating fluoride effects many fold .43
Household exposures to fluorides can occur with the use of Teflon pans , fluorine - based products , insecticides sprays and even residual airborne fluorides from fluoridated drinking water .
Decision - makers at 3M Corporation recently announced a phase - out of Scotchgard products after discovering that the product ’s primary ingredient–a fluorinated compound called perfluorooctanyl sulfonate ( PFOS ) –was found in all tested blood bank examinations .
44 3 M ’s research showed that the substance had strong tendencies to persist and bioaccumulate in animal and human tissue .
In 1991 the US Public Health Service issued a report stating that the range in total daily fluoride intake from water , dental products , beverages and food items exceeded 6.5 milligrams daily .
42
Thus , the total intake from those sources alone already greatly exceeds the levels known to cause the third stage of skeletal fluorosis .
Besides fluoridated water and toothpaste , many foods contain high levels of flouride compounds due to pesticide applications .
One of the worse offenders is grapes .
45 Grape juice was found to contain more than 6.8 ppm fluoride .
The EPA estimates total fluoride intake from pesticide residues on food and fluoridated drinking water alone to be 0.095 mg/kg/day , meaning a person weighing 70 kg takes in more than 6.65 mg per day .
45 b
Soy infant formula is high in both fluoride and aluminum , far surpassing the “ optimal ” dose46,47 and has been shown to be a risk factor in dental fluorosis.48
Tea
In their drive to fluoridate the public water supplies , dental health officials continue to pretend that no other sources of fluoride exist .
This notion becomes absurd when one looks at the fluoride content in tea .
Tea is very high in fluoride because tea leaves accumulate more fluoride ( from pollution of soil and air ) than any other edible plant .
49,50,51
It is well established that fluoride in tea gets absorbed by the body in a manner similar to the fluoride in drinking water .
49,52
Fluoride content in tea has risen dramatically over the last 20 years due to industry contamination .
Recent analyses have revealed a fluoride content of 17.25 mg per teabag or cup in black tea , and a whopping 22 mg of soluble fluoride ions per teabag or cup in green tea .
Aluminum content was also high–over 8 mg .
Normal steeping time is five minutes .
The longer a tea bag steeped , the more fluoride and aluminum were released .
After ten minutes , the measurable amounts of fluoride and aluminum almost doubled .
53
A website by a pro-fluoridation infant medical group states that a cup of black tea contains 7.8 mgs of fluoride54 which is the equivalent amount of fluoride from 7.8 litres of water in an area fluoridated at 1 p pm .
Some British and African studies from the 1990s showed a daily fluoride intake of between 5.8 mgs and 9 mgs a day from tea alone .55 , 56 , 57 Tea has been found to be a primary cause of dental fluorosis in many international studies .
58-70
In Britain , over three - quarters of the population over the age of ten years consumes three cups of tea per day .
71 Yet the UK government and the British Dental Association are currently contemplating fluoridation of public water supplies !
In Ireland , average tea consumption is four cups per day and the drinking water is heavily fluoridated .
Next to water , tea is the most widely consumed beverage in the world .
Tea can be found in almost 80 percent of all US households and on any given day , nearly 127 million people –half of all Americans–drink tea.71
The high content of both aluminum and fluoride in tea is cause for great concern as aluminum greatly potentiates fluoride ’s effects on G protein activation , 72 the on / off switches involved in cell communication and of absolute necessity in thyroid hormone function and regulation .
Fluoride and the Thyroid
The recent re-discovery of hundreds of papers dealing with the use of fluorides in effective anti-thyroid medication poses many questions demanding answers .
73,74
The enamel defects observed in hypothyroidism are identical to “ dental fluorosis . ”
Endemic fluorosis areas have been shown to be the same as those affected with iodine deficiency , considered to be the world ’s single most important and preventable cause of mental retardation ,75 affecting 740 million people a year .
Iodine deficiency causes brain disorders , cretinism , miscarriages and goiter , among many other diseases .
Synthroid , the drug most commonly prescribed for hypothyroidism , became the top selling drug in the US in 1999 , according to Scott - Levin ’s Source Prescription Audit , clearly indicating that hypothyroidism is a major health problem .
Many more millions are thought to have undiagnosed thyroid problems .
Environment
Every year hundreds and thousands of tons of fluorides are emitted by industry .
Industrial emissions of fluoride compounds produce elevated concentrations in the atmosphere .
Hydrogen fluoride can exist as a particle , dissolving in clouds , fog , rain , dew , or snow .
In clouds and moist air it will travel along the air currents until it is deposited as wet acid deposition ( acid rain , acid fog , etc . )
In waterways it readily mixes with water .
Sulfur hexafluoride ( SF6 ) , emitted by the electric power industry , is now among six greenhouse gases specifically targeted by the international community , through the Kyoto protocol , for emission reductions to control global warming .
The others are carbon dioxide , hydrofluorocarbons ( HFCs ) , perfluorocarbons ( PFCs ) , methane and nitrous oxide ( N2O ) .
SF6 is about 23,900 times more destructive , pound for pound , than carbon dioxide over the course of 100 years .
EPA estimates that some seven- million metric tons of carbon equivalent ( MMTCE ) escaped from electric power systems in 1996 alone .
The concentration of SF6 in the atmosphere has reportedly increased by two orders of magnitude since 1970 .
Atmospheric models have indicated that the lifetime of an SF6 molecule in the atmosphere may be over 3000 years .
76
The ever - increasing fluoride levels in food , water and air pose a great threat to human health and to the environment as evidenced by the endemic of fluorosis worldwide .
It is of utmost urgency that public health officials cease promoting fluoride as beneficial to our health and address instead the issue of its toxicity .
Sidebars
Symptoms of Fluoride Poisoning
Black tarry stools
Bloody vomit
Faintness
Nausea and vomiting
Shallow breathing
Stomach cramps or pain
Tremors
Unusual excitement
Unusual increase in saliva
Watery eyes
Weakness
Constipation
Loss of appetite
Pain and aching of bones
Skin rash
Sores in the mouth and on the lips
Stiffness
Weight loss
White , brown or black discoloration of teeth
Long Term Effects of Fluoride
Accelerated aging
Immune system dysfunction
Compromised collagen synthesis
Cartilage problems
Bony outgrowths in the spine
Joint “ lock-u p ”
G Proteins
Signals or communications from one cell to another , and from the outside of the cell to the inside , are made possible by the action of special proteins called “ G ” proteins , which are found in all animal life , including yeasts .
G proteins are so called because they bind to guanine nucleotides , a major component of DNA and RNA .
G proteins mediate the actions of neurotransmitters , peptide hormones , odorants and light .
In other words , G proteins make it possible for our nervous systems to function properly and , in particular , allow for night vision and the sense of smell .
All thyroid function is mediated by G - protein activity .
Both aluminum and fluoride interfere with the activation of G proteins .
Thyrotropin , the thyroid - stimulating hormone ( TSH ) , is considered the natural G - protein activator .
Its action is mimicked by fluoride and vastly potentiated by the presence of aluminum .
Pharmacologists estimate that up to 60 percent of all medicines used today exert their effects through G - protein signaling pathways .
Vitamin
A from cod liver oil has been used successfully to bypass blocked G - protein pathways due to vaccination damage .
( See Autism and Vaccinations . )
Myristic acid , a saturated fatty acid having 14 carbons , plays an important roll in G - protein function as these signaling proteins require myristic acid added to one end of the protein .
( See Saturated Fats and the Kidneys . )
Thus , diets deficient in vitamin A and saturated fats can be expected to contribute to nervous disorders and vision problems .
REFERENCES
( All web addresses were visited before Fall , 2000 )
1. CDC : “ Achievements in Public Health , 1900 - 1999 – Fluoridation of Drinking Water to Prevent Dental Caries ” MMWR 48(41);933-940 ( 1999 ) , http://www.cdc.gov/epo/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/mm4841a1.htm
2. Gerlach RF , de Souza AP , Cury JA , Line SR – “ Fluoride effect on the activity of enamel matrix proteinases in vitro ” Eur J Oral Sci 108( 1):48-53 ( 2000 )
3. Limeback H – “ Enamel formation and the effects of fluoride ” Community Dent Oral Epidemiol 22(3 ) : 144-7
4. Wright JT , Chen SC , Hall KI , Yamauchi M , Bawden JW – “ Protein characterization of fluorosed human enamel . ”
Dent Res 75( 12):1936-41 ( 1996 )
5. Shulman JD , Lalumandier JA , Grabenstein JD
-“ The average daily dose of fluoride : a model based on fluid consumption ” Pediatr Dent 17( 1) :13 -8 ( 1995 )
6. The Columbia Encyclopedia : Sixth Edition ( 2000 ) , http://www.bartleby.com/65/fl/fluorine.html
7. Phosphoric Acid Waste Dialogue , Report on Phosphoric Wastes Dialogue Committee , Activities and Recommendations , September 1995 ; Southeast Negotiation Network , Prepared by Gregory Borne for EPA stakeholders review
8. Government of Australia , National Pollutant Inventory , http://www.environment.gov.au/epg/npi/contextual_info/context/fluoride.html
9. ATSDR / USPHS – “ Toxicological Profile for Fluorides , Hydrogen Fluoride and Fluorine ( F ) ” CAS # 16984-48-8 , 7664-39-3 , 7782-41-4 ( 1993 ) , http://www.atsdr.cdc.gov/tfacts11.html
10 . Health Effects of Ingested Fluoride , Subcommittee on Health Effects of Ingested Fluoride , Committee on Toxicology , Board on Environmental Studies and Toxicology , Commission on Life Sciences , National Research Council , August 1993 , p.59
11 . World Health Organization – Fluorides and Human Health , p. 239 ( 1970 )
12 . Carton RJ , Hirzy JW – “ Applying the NAEP code of ethics to the Environmental Protection Agency and the fluoride in drinking water standard ” Proceedings of the 23rd Ann.
Conf. of the National Association of Environmental Professionals .
20 - 24 June , 1998 .
GEN 51 - 61 , http://rvi.net/fluoride/naep.htm
13 . American Dental Association , http://www.ada.org/consumer/fluoride/facts/benefits.html#2
14 . J.Colquhoun , Chief Dental Officer , NZ , International Symposium on Fluoridation , Porte Alegre , Brazil , September 1988
15 . Proceedings , City of Orville Vs. Public Utilities Commission of the State of Carlifornia , Orville , CA , October 20 - 21 ( 1955 )
16 . AMA Council Hearing , Chicago , August 7 , 1957
17 . NTEU – “ Why EPA ’s Headquarters Union of Scientists Opposes Fluoridation , ” Prepared on behalf of the National Treasury Employees Union Chapter 280 by Chapter Senior Vice - President J. William Hirzy , Ph.D. , http://www.bruha.com/fluoride/html/nteu_paper.htm,
http://www.cadvision.com/fluoride/epa2.htm
18 . Yiamouyannis , J – “ Water fluoridation and tooth decay : Results from the 1986 - 1987 national survey of U.S. school children ” Fluoride 23:55 - 67 ( 1990 ) .
Data also analyzed by Gerard Judd , Ph.D. , in : Judd G – “ Good Teeth Birth To Death ” , Research Publications , Glendale Arizona ( 1997 ) , EPA Research # 2 ( 1994 )
19 . Teotia SPS , Teotia M -“ Dental Caries : A Disorder of High Fluoride And Low Dietary Calcium Interactions ( 30 years of Personal Research ) , Fluoride , 1994 27:59 - 66 ( 1994 )
20 . Imai Y – “ Study of the relationship between fluorine ions in drinking water and dental caries in Japan ” .
Koku Eisei Gakkai Zasshi 22(2):144-96 ( 1972 )
21 . Steelink , Cornelius , PhD , U of AZ Chem Department , in : Chem and Eng News , Jan 27 , 1992 , p.2 ; Sci News March 5 , 1994 , p.159
22 . Giambro NJ , Prostak K , Denbesten PK – “ Characterization Of Fluorosed Human Enamel By Color Reflectance , Ultrastructure , And Elemental Composition ” Fluoride 28:4 , 216 ( 1995 ) also Caries Research 29 ( 4 ) 251-257 ( 1995 )
23 . Duncan WK , Silberman SL , Trubman A – “ Labial hypoplasia of primary canines in black Head Start children ” ASDC J Dent Child 55(6):423-6 ( 1988 )
24 . Silberman SL , Duncan WK , Trubman A , Meydrech EF – “ Primary canine hypoplasia in Head Start children ” J Public Health Dent 49 ( 1):15 -8 ( 1989 )
25 . Li Y , Navia JM , Bian JY -“ ” Caries experience in deciduous dentition of rural Chinese children 3 - 5 years old in relation to the presence or absence of enamel hypoplasia ” Caries Res 30 ( 1) :8-15 ( 1996 )
26 . Ellwood RP , O’Mullane D – “ The association between developmental enamel defects and caries in populations with and without fluoride in their drinking water ” J Public Health Dent 56( 2):76-80 ( 1996 )
27 . Health Effects of Ingested Fluoride , Subcommittee on Health Effects of Ingested Fluoride , Committee on Toxicology , Board on Environmental Studies and Toxicology , Commission on LifeSciences , National Research Council , August 1993 p 47-48
28 . “ The Effect of Fluorine On Dental Caries ” Journal American Dental Association 31:1360 ( 1944 )
29 . Examples : http://ificinfo.health.org/insight/septoct97/flouride.htm;
http://www.wvda.org/nutrient/fluoride.html
30 . Barrett S , Rovin S ( Eds ) -“ The Tooth Robbers : a Pro-Fluoridation Handbook ” George F Stickley Co , Philadelphia pp 44-65 ( 1980 )
31 . Federal Register , 3/16/79 , page 16006
32 . Federal Register : December 28 , 1995 ( Volume 60 , Number 249 ) ]
Rules and Regulations , Page 67163-67175 DEPARTMENT
OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration , 21 CFR Part 101 Docket No. 90N-0134 , RIN 0910 - AA19
33 . The Report of the Department of Health and Social Subjects , No. 41 , Dietary Reference Values , Chapter 36 on fluoride ( HMSO 1996 ) .
“ No essential function for fluoride has been proven in humans . ”
34 . “ Is Fluoride an Essential Element ? ” Fluorides , Washington , DC : National Academy of Sciences , 66 - 68 ( 1971 )
35 . Richard Maurer and Harry Day , “ The Non-Essentiality of Fluorine in Nutrition , ” Journal of Nutrition , 62 : 61-57( 1957 )
36 . “ Applied Chemistry ” , Second Edition , by Prof. William R. Stine , Chapter 19 ( see pp. 413 & 416 ) Allyn and Bacon , Inc , publishers .
“ Fluoride has not been shown to be required for normal growth or reproduction in animals or humans consuming an otherwise adequate diet , nor for any specific biological function or mechanism . ”
37 . National Center for Fluoridation Policy & Research ( NCFPR ) http://fluoride.oralhealth.org/
38 . Kick CH , Bethke RM , Edgington BH , Wilder OHM , Record PR , Wilder W , Hill TJ , Chase SW – “ Fluorine in Animal Nutrition ” Bulletin 558 , US Agricultural Experiment Station , Wooster , Ohio ( 1935 )
39 . US MINERALS / COMMODITIES DATABASE
http://minerals.usgs.gov/minerals/pubs/commodity/fluorspar/280396.txt
40 .
“ The problem of providing optimum fluoride intake for prevention of dental caries ” – Food and Nutrition Board , Division of Biology and Agriculture , National Academy of Sciences , National Research Council , Pub. #294 , ( 1953 ) “.. a person drinking fluoridated water may be assumed to ingest only about 1 milligram per day from this source … the development of mottled enamel is , however , a potential hazard of adding fluorides to food .
The total daily intake of fluoride is the critical quantity . ”
41 . World Health Organization , International Drinking Water Standards , 1971 .
” In the assessment of the safety of a water supply with respect to the fluoride concentration , the total daily fluoride intake by the individual must be considered .
Apart from variations in climatic conditions , it is well known that in certain areas , fluoride containing foods form an important part of the diet .
The facts should be borne in mind in deciding the concentration of fluoride to be permitted in drinking water . ”
42 . Review of Fluoride Benefits and Risks , Department of Health and Human Services , p.45 ( 1991 )
43 . 200 papers to be posted at : http://www.bruha.com/fluoride
44 . Washington Post – “ 3 M to pare Scotchgard products , ” May 16 , 2000 http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A15648-2000May16.html
45 . ( a ) FLUORIDE IN FOOD http://www.bruha.com/fluoride/html/f-_in_food.htm; ( b ) Federal Register : August 7 , 1997 ( Volume 62 , Number 152 ) , Notices , Page 42546-42551
46 . Silva M , Reynolds EC – “ Fluoride content of infant formulae in Australia ” Aust Dent J 41(1):37 - 42 ( 1996 )
47 . Dabeka RW , McKenzie AD -“ Lead , cadmium , and fluoride levels in market milk and infant formulas in Canada . ” J Assoc Off Anal Chem 70 ( 4):754-7 ( 1987 )
48 . Pendrys DG , Katz RV , Morse DE – “ Risk factors for enamel fluorosis in a fluoridated population ” Am J Epidemiol 140( 5):461-71 ( 1994 )
49 . Meiers , P. – “ Zur Toxizität von Fluorverbindungen , mit besonderer Berücksichtigung der Onkogenese ” , Verlag für Medizin Dr. Ewald Fischer , Heidelberg ( 1984 )
50 . Waldbott , GL ; Burgstahler , AW ; McKinney , HL – “ Fluoridation : The Great Dilemma ” Coronado Press ( 1978 )
51 . Srebnik - Friszman , S ; Van der Miynsbrugge , F. - “ Teneur en Fluor de quelques thØs prØlev Øs sur le March Ø et de leurs Infusions ” Arch Belg Med Soc Hyg Med Trav Med Leg 33:551-556 ( 1976 )
52 . Rüh K – “ Resorbierbarkeit und Retention von in Mineralwässern und Erfrischungsgetränken enthaltenem Fluorid bei Mensch und Laboratoriumsratte ” Diss .
Würzburg ( 1968 )
53 . Analyses conducted by Parents of Fluoride Poisoned Children ( PFPC ) at Gov’t - approved labs .
Contact : pfpc@istar.ca
54 . BabyCenter Editorial Team w/ Medical Advisory Board ( http://www.babycenter.com/refcap/674.html#3)
55 . Jenkins GN – “ Fluoride intake and its safety among heavy tea drinkers in a British fluoridated city ” Proc Finn Dent Soc 87( 4) :571-9 ( 1991 ) Department of Oral Biology , Dental School , Newcastle upon Tyne , United Kingdom .
56 . Opinya GN , Bwibo N , Valderhaug J , Birkeland JM , Lokken P – “ Intake of fluoride and excretion in mothers ’ milk in a high fluoride ( 9 p pm ) area in Kenya ” Eur J Clin Nutr 45( 1):37 -41 ( 1991 ) Department of Dental Surgery , University of Nairobi , Kenya
57 . Diouf A , Sy FO , Niane B , Ba D , Ciss M – “ Dietary intake of fluorine through of tea prepared by the traditional method in Senegal ” Dakar Med 39(2):227-30 ( 1994 )
58 . Cao J , Zhao Y , Liu J – “ Brick tea consumption as the cause of dental fluorosis among children from Mongol , Kazak and Yugu populations in China ” Food Chem Toxicol 35(8) :827-33 ( 1997 )
59 . Cao J , Bai X , Zhao Y , Liu J , Zhou D , Fang S , Jia M , Wu J – “ The relationship of fluorosis and brick tea drinking in Chinese Tibetans ” Environ Health Perspect 1996 Dec; 104( 12) :1340-3 ( 1996 )
60 . Sergio Gomez S , Weber A , Torres C – “ Fluoride content of tea and amount ingested by children ” Odontol Chil 37( 2):251-5 ( 1989 )
61 . Cao J , Zhao Y , Liu JW – “ Safety evaluation and fluorine concentration of Pu’er brick tea and Bianxiao brick tea ” Food Chem Toxicol 36( 12) :1061-3( 1998 )
62 . Wang LF , Huang JZ -
“ Outline of control practice of endemic fluorosis in China . ” Soc Sci Med 41( 8) :1191-5 ( 1995 )
63 . Olsson B -“ Dental caries and fluorosis in Arussi province , Ethiopia ” Community Dent Oral Epidemiol 6(6):338-43 ( 1978 )
64 . Diouf A , Sy FO , Niane B , Ba D , Ciss M – “ Dietary intake of fluorine through use of tea prepared by the traditional method in Senegal ” DakarMed 39(2):227-30 ( 1994 )
65 . Fraysse C , Bilbeissi MW , Mitre D , Kerebel B – “ The role of tea consumption in dental fluorosis in Jordan ” Bull Group Int Rech Sci Stomatol Odontol 32(1):39 - 46 ( 1989 )
66 . Fraysse C , Bilbeissi W , Benamghar L , Kerebel B- “ Comparison of the dental health status of 8 to 14 - year - old children in France and in Jordan , a country of endemic fluorosis .
” Bull Group Int Rech Sci Stomatol Odontol 32(3) :169-75 ( 1989 )
67 . Villa AE , Guerrero S – “ Caries experience and fluorosis prevalence in Chilean children from different socio- economic status .
” Community Dent Oral Epidemiol 24(3):225-7 ( 1996 )
68 . Chan J.T. ; Yip , T.T. ; Jeske , A.H. – “ The role of caffeinated beverages in dental fluorosis ” Med Hypotheses 33 ( 1) :21 -2 ( 1990 )
69 . Mann J , Sgan-Cohen HD , Dakuar A , Gedalia I – “ Tea drinking , caries prevalence , and fluorosis among northern Israeli Arab youth .
” Clin Prev Dent
7(6 ) :23-6 ( 1985 )
70 . Schmidt , C.W. ; Leuschke , W. – “ Fluoride content of deciduous teeth after regular intake of black tea ” Dtsch Stomatol 40 ( 10 ) :441 ( 1990 )
71 . Press Releases / Market Figures – Tea Council http://www.stashtea.com/tt060595.htm
72 . Struneckß , A ; Patocka , J – “ Aluminofluoride complexes : new phosphate analogues for laboratory investigations and potential danger for living organisms ” Charles University , Faculty of Sciences , Department of Physiology and Developmental Physiology , Prague / Department of Toxicology , Purkynì Military Medical Academy , Hradec KrßlovØ , Czech Republic http://www.cadvision.com/fluoride/brain3.htm
73 . History : Fluoride – Iodine Antagonism http://bruha.com/pfpc/html/thyroid_history.html
74 . Fluorides – Anti-thyroid Medication http://bruha.com/pfpc/html/thyroid_page.html
75 . WORLD HEALTH ORGANIZATION PRESS RELEASE , May 25,1999 Iodine Deficiency
76 . Miller AE , Miller TM , Viggiano AA , Morris RA , Vazn Doren JM – “ Negative Ion Chemistry of SF sub 4 ” Journal of Chemical Physics 102( 22) :8865-8873 ( 1995 )
This article appeared in Wise Traditions in Food , Farming and the Healing Arts , the quarterly magazine of the Weston A. Price Foundation , Fall 2000 .
Here is an interesting chart on Consumer Balance Sheet , Savings Rate , and Debt Service Ratio posted by Barry Ritholtz .
Ritholtz also notes Consumers Climb Out of Their Bunkers
From the “ It - Aint - That - Bad ” file comes the most recent reports of consumer spending .
Luxury sales rose 22.7 % ( Mastercard SpendingPulse )
Furniture sales rose 13.8 % and appliance sales rose 6.9 %
Auto sales gained 24 % from year ago levels ( AutoTalk )
March was the 7th consecutive month of increasing retail sales growth
Cargo volume at major ports imports is trending towards an 8 % increase in April
Commerce Department ’s personal consumption expenditures was $ 34.7 billion in February , an increase of 0.3 % over January — the fifth monthly gain in a row .
Gasoline demand continues to rise — + 1.2 % — before the summer driving season .
It will be some time before we return to the peak levels of 2006 - 07 , when Houses were used more as equity structures than shelter .
But that does not mean we wo n’t see marked improvements over the coming quarters .
will
State Sales Tax Revenues
Consumer Balance Sheet Chart Brutally Misleading
In the United States , wealth is highly concentrated in a relatively few hands .
As of 2007 , the top 1 % of households ( the upper class ) owned 34.6 % of all privately held wealth , and the next 19 % ( the managerial , professional , and small business stratum ) had 50.5 % , which means that just 20 % of the people owned a remarkable 85 % , leaving only 15 % of the wealth for the bottom 80 % ( wage and salary workers ) .
In terms of financial wealth ( total net worth minus the value of one 's home ) , the top 1 % of households had an even greater share : 42.7 % .
Table 1 and Figure 1 present further details drawn from the careful work of economist Edward N. Wolff at New York University ( 2009 ) .
Financial Wealth Distribution
Housing , Liquid Assets Distribution
Income and Wealth by Race
Besides illustrating the significance of home ownership as a measure of wealth , the graph also shows that Black and Latino households are faring significantly worse overall , whether we are talking about income or net worth .
In 2007 , the average white household had 15 times as much total wealth as the average African - American or Latino household .
If we exclude home equity from the calculations and consider only financial wealth , the ratios are in the neighborhood of 100:1 .
Extrapolating from these figures , we see that 70 % of white families ' wealth is in the form of their principal residence ; for Blacks and Hispanics , the figures are 95 % and 96 % , respectively .
Table 5a : Concentration of stock ownership in the United States , 2001 - 2007
Table 5 b : Amount of stock owned by various wealth classes in the U.S. , 2007
Just as wealth can lead to power , so too can power lead to wealth .
Those who control a government can use their position to feather their own nests , whether that means a favorable land deal for relatives at the local level or a huge federal government contract for a new corporation run by friends who will hire you when you leave government .
If we take a larger historical sweep and look cross-nationally , we are well aware that the leaders of conquering armies often grab enormous wealth , and that some religious leaders use their positions to acquire wealth .
If the top 20 % have 84 % of the wealth ( and recall that 10 % have 85 % to 90 % of the stocks , bonds , trust funds , and business equity ) , that means that the United States is a power pyramid .
It 's tough for the bottom 80 % -- maybe even the bottom 90 % -- to get organized and exercise much power .
Summary of Key Points
The Bottom 80 % have a mere 7 % of financial wealth .
The Bottom 80 % have a mere 8.9 % of stock ownership
Only 31.6 % of the population has more than $ 10,000 in stocks .
70 % of white families ' wealth is in the form of their principal residence ; for Blacks and Hispanics , the figures are 95 % and 96 % , respectively .
Economic Implications
New laws such as the Digital Economy Bill in the UK will need to be enforced , and this will be done through anti-piracy tracking companies .
The Hadopi legislation in France will be assisted by Trident Media Guard , but already those that are paid to watch over pirates are being watched themselves .
Back in February we reported that Trident Media Guard , the French anti-piracy outfit that was selected by the music and movie industries to assist in enforcing their rights under the new Hadopi legislation , was already being seen in action .
Although their activities with Hadopi will be limited to monitoring and gathering evidence against file - sharers , we saw them trying to smother a lone file - sharer with their P2P - spamming technology , for which they have submitted a patent .
The screenshot below shows TMG ‘ DDoSing ’ the BitTorrent user in question .
Just as file - sharers make their IP addresses known when they connect to file - sharing networks and other file - sharers , anti-piracy companies do the same .
As can be seen from a WHOIS on the range of IP addresses shown above ( 91.189.104.0 – 91.189.111.255 ) , they belong to TMG .
Now , according to a report over at Numerama , TMG have also been busy setting up fake eDonkey servers ( located on IP ranges 85.159.236.252 – 85.159.236.254 and 85.159.232.81 – 85.159.232.83 ) .
To avoid connecting to fake servers , users are advised to only use those listed here .
There does , though , appear to be an even greater threat .
Fake file - sharing clients running on the IP address range 193.107.240.0 to 193.107.240.22 ( again registered to TMG , this time in the UK ) are connecting to users and gathering data about the files they are sharing .
This is exactly the sort of data that will be used to generate warning letters which could eventually lead to Internet user disconnections .
Through some clever monitoring , Peerates were able to discover some of the files that TMG are monitoring , which include TV shows such as Heroes and music by The Black Eyed Peas .
As the IP addresses used by companies such as TMG get revealed , at some point they will have to change them for new ones .
Equally , as new ones are brought into service , those will too be revealed to the public and so the cat and mouse game continues .
While the savvy file - sharer will probably be able to stay ahead of the game to minimize their chances of being monitored , the casual file - sharer may not be so lucky .
But after a warning or two , rest assured , they too will change their ways .
Whether that will be by using a VPN or heading back to the media stores will remain to be seen .
Update : TorrentFreak reader Marcel wrote in with the following information :
You can do reverse lookups in RIPE database and since the linked whois record points out that CB1756 - RIPE ( Casalta Bastien ) is admin-c and tech -c for the TMG network you can do a reverse lookup for this ripe handle .
The ip - ranges revealed there might be of interest to your readers :
82.138.70.128 – 82.138.70.191
82.138.81.0 – 82.138.81.255
82.138.74.0 – 82.138.74.127
91.189.104.0 – 91.189.111.255
193.107.240.0 – 193.107.243.255
195.191.244.0 – 195.191.245.255
193.105.197.0 – 193.105.197.255
WASHINGTON — Large batches of e-mail records from the Justice Department lawyers who worked on the 2002 legal opinions justifying the Bush administration ’s brutal interrogation techniques are missing , and the Justice Department told lawmakers Friday that it would try to trace the disappearance .
At a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing , Senator Patrick J. Leahy , the Vermont Democrat who leads the panel , angrily demanded to know what had happened to the e-mail files , and he noted that the destruction of government records , including official e-mail messages , was a criminal offense .
He said the records gap called into question the completeness of the department ’s internal reviews of the work done by the lawyers in the Bush years .
The Justice Department ’s Office of Professional Responsibility , which spent more than four years investigating the handling of the legal opinions about interrogation policies after the Sept. 11 attacks , pushed to get access to a range of e-mail records and other internal documents from the Justice Department to aid in its investigation .
But it discovered that many e-mail messages to and from John C. Yoo , who wrote the bulk of the legal opinions for the Justice Department ’s Office of Legal Counsel , were missing .
The office disclosed the missing messages in a footnote to its final report , which was released last week .
I ain't no academic though I 've been writing for two score with the typical ups and downs .
My work seeks intimacy and passion especially as it pertains to the dark and sometimes ugly side of the street .
Thankfully beauty is in the eye of the beholder .
Get a load of this .
Last night an unsolicited email from a spokesperson for corporate behemoth Koch Industries landed in our in box .
Noting our coverage of the tea party movement , the spokesperson said Koch wanted “ to reiterate some important facts ” in advance of what it presumed would be additional coverage keyed to Tax Day .
The email then proceeded to claim that Koch has no involvement with tea partiers and has provided them no funding .
That struck us as odd for a couple of different reasons .
First , we had n’t mentioned Koch in any of our recent reporting .
Second , Koch is a big funder of Americans for Prosperity , an astroturf group that ’s holding tea party rallies in nine states today alone .
So we contacted Koch to see if this statement was in reference to a particular story we had done .
Apparently not .
“ We ’ve had a number of people who have indicated Koch is funding and orchestrating tea parties , ” the spokesperson told us .
The purpose of the email was that Koch is “ just trying to be proactive with the facts , ” she said .
I assume they sent the email to other news outlets , too .
Um , so what about Americans For Prosperity , which was founded by David Koch , an executive vice president at the company ?
The spokesperson confirmed to us this morning that Koch does indeed fund the group , but in a moment of reality - denial startling even for a flack , stood by the company ’s email statement in which it , to reiterate , denies providing funding “ specifically to support the tea parties . ”
As one of our reporters noted to me , that “ specifically ” is doing a lot of work in that sentence .
We ’re putting a call in to Americans For Prosperity to see what more we can learn there .
More when we have it .
Late Update : Americans For Prosperity declined to comment and directed us back to Koch Industries .
You can read our entire report here .
A Ugandan pastor who screened same - sex pornography in a church to try to bolster support for proposed anti-homosexuality legislation has been condemned by gay rights groups .
Martin Ssempa , one of the main backers of a bill that would impose the death penalty for some offenders , aired the explicit slideshow to several hundred people during a church service in Kampala yesterday .
Explaining his decision to display the images , the evangelical preacher said it was necessary to educate people " about what homosexuals do " .
He told the BBC's Network Africa programme : " In Africa , what you do in your bedroom affects our clan , it affects our tribe , it affects our nation . "
While Ssempa represents the extreme end of widely held homophobic views in Uganda , he does carry strong influence .
On his website he describes himself as " consultant to the government of Uganda " , and his congregants yesterday included David Bahati , the MP who submitted the private member 's bill to parliament last year .
The porn stunt caused anger among gay activists .
South African - based gay rights group Behind the Mask described it as " twisted homophobic propaganda " .
Frank Mugisha , the chairman of Sexual Minorities Uganda , said Ssempa should be arrested for promoting pornography – and questioned his religious values .
" He is showing these images in a church .
What does he stand for ? "
In neighbouring Kenya , where anti-gay sentiment is also strong , Peter Njane of gay support group Ishtar said that by showing pornography Ssempa was trying to imply that being gay was " just about sex " .
In fact , that is one of the main arguments of the pastor and politicians such as Bahati , who argue that homosexuality is a lifestyle choice .
Although gay sex is already illegal in Uganda under colonial - era laws , they have whipped up public sentiment by insisting that tougher measures are needed to punish homosexuals who they say are " recruiting " children at schools .
The legislation calls for life imprisonment for anyone caught having gay sex , with the death penalty for repeat offenders or those with HIV .
But the proposals have generated much opposition abroad , with the governments of Britain , the US and Canada , all significant donors to Uganda , leading the condemnation .
The pressure appears to have worked .
Last month President Yoweri Museveni broke his silence on the bill , saying it did not necessarily reflect government policy and " foreign policy interests " would be considered before it was put to a vote .
Bank of Mom and Dad ?
Try Bank of Students
A Wall Street Journal article on Monday exclaimed that the recession has led to the closing of “ The Bank of Mom and Dad ” for many young Americans .
While I have always found the term to be condescending , and somehow only applied to middle - class families and not the ultra-rich , students do seem to be more on - their - own today in their increasingly uphill struggle to improve their lives .
However , these challenges have n’t stopped politicians from continuing the under - reported trend of making larger and larger withdrawals from the bank of students .
What do I mean by the bank of students ?
It refers to attempts to use funding cuts and fees to backhandedly make up for budget shortfalls at student expense , and it seems a tax by any other name would not smell just as sweet to these politicians .
Last Friday there was an article about New Jersey college towns seeking a $ 100 fee per student to cover the “ free municipal services ” provided by those towns .
It is amazing how the economic benefits of a college or university to a town so quickly become invisible to those in charge .
“ If you look at it from our standpoint , Montclair State has more than 18,000 students .
At $ 100 per student it could mean $ 1.8 million , ” said Little Falls Mayor Michael DeFrancisci , adding his state aid has been cut more than $ 500,000 in the past three years .
“ Getting the money from college students is not something we ’d take pleasure in doing , ” DeFrancisci said .
18,000 students .
That is 18,000 people who are most likely spending the majority of their income in Little Falls and paying sales taxes on those purchases .
The university has a faculty , which not only provides jobs but additional taxpayers of income , sales , and property taxes .
How many businesses in Little Falls exists because of the customer base that 18,000 students provides ?
How many students that are forced to work part time jobs to pay for school are paying income taxes as well ?
Without the university , Little Falls would be just another small town with no draw , and I guarantee it would have been hit much harder by the recession .
But how soon is all that forgotten , as local politicians lick their chops at the prospect of digging their teeth into the hand that feeds them .
This is not just a New Jersey issue .
Skyrocketing tuition has largely been the result of state legislatures cutting funding to the colleges and universities , forcing them to make up the difference out of student pockets .
I ’ve heard Republican legislators say that this is not a tax in disguise , but an investment that the student is making in their own life .
It may be an investment in their own life , but it is also an investment in the community , state , and country .
There is a world of difference in the economic well - being of a college graduate and someone without a degree , and today potential and current students are being priced out of their dreams and relegated to a second - class life from which they will never make up for the disadvantage .
Even those tuition dollars often end up benefiting the local community more than the students themselves .
Take for example athletic budgets .
Only 14 athletic programs broke even last year , with every other program costing the university , hence the students , money .
However , the local communities are certainly profiting more than the schools .
Football and basketball games bring a lot of money into local businesses as fans come to attend .
Through fees and tuition increases politicians are using the weapon of funding cuts to pull more money out of the bank of students as their districts benefit from their presence , but the bank is about to dry up .
As we witnessed last month during the student protests , this exploitation is reaching its limit .
In the past politicians were comfortable balancing budgets on the backs of students because they assumed they would not vote ; that the young were the safest to indirectly raise taxes on .
These politicians now face students that are more aware of their political power , have learned to organize , and are fighting for the economic security of their lives .
Students will fight this exploitation because their quality of life is at stake , and those stakes create a powerful and committed opponent .
On March 28 , Mark Vanhoenacker wrote about rediscovering the romance of the window seat and we asked readers to share photos of their favorite window seat views .
Browse through hundreds of submissions .
Some rights reserved .
This website is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution - Noncommercial - No Derivative Works 3.0 License .
Information on this website is non-binding and intended for general information purposes only .
All trademarks and registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners .
A Blog dedicated to tracking economic trends and financial matters .
The new federal health - care law has raised the stakes for hospitals and schools already scrambling to train more doctors .
Experts warn there wo n't be enough doctors to treat the millions of people newly insured under the law .
At current graduation and training rates , the nation could face a shortage of as many as 150,000 doctors in the next 15 years , according to the Association of American Medical Colleges .
That ...
Good news .
Jeroen
Ooms released a new version of his ( amazing ) online ggplot2 web interface :
yeroon.net / ggplot2 is a web interface for Hadley Wickham ’s R package ggplot2 .
It is used as a tool for rapid prototyping , exploratory graphical analysis and education of statistics and R .
The interface is written completely in javascript , therefore there is no need to install anything on the client side : a standard browser will do .
The new version has a lot of cool new features , like advanced data import , integration with Google docs , converting variables from numeric to factor to dates and vice versa , and a lot of new geom’s .
Some of which you can watch in his new video demo of the application :
The application is on :
http://www.yeroon.net/ggplot2/
p.s : other posts about this ( including videos explaining how some of this was done ) can be views on the category page : R and the web
Muslim veiling is once again at the top of the news in Europe .
Bans on full - face veils being considered or already in place , whether nationwide , at the municipal level , or applied in public buildings and transportation , undermine Muslim women 's autonomy and religious freedom .
Arguments put forward to support these bans fall into four categories , none of which stand up to serious scrutiny .
Banning the veil will liberate women .
Generalisations about women 's oppression under the veil do a tremendous disservice to one of the basic tenets of gender equality : a woman 's right to self - determination and autonomy .
Restrictions on women wearing the veil in public life are as much a violation of the rights of women as is forcing them to wear a veil .
Muslim teachers in Germany we interviewed said they wore the headscarf out of choice .
Bans on headscarves in some German states have led many teachers to abandon their chosen profession , leading to loss of independence , social standing and financial wellbeing .
It is clear that many Muslim women in Europe who cover themselves do so out of choice .
For those who are coerced , general bans would limit , if not eliminate , their ability to seek advice and support .
It may leave them trapped at home , further isolated from society .
European governments need to support these women , with better access to education , justice and employment , rather than put them under more pressure .
The veil should be banned for security reasons .
A wholesale ban on the full Muslim veil is a disproportionate response to the legitimate need in a variety of situations to ascertain someone 's identity .
Airport cheques , school pick - ups , administrative dealings with state officers , cashing a cheque – these are all obvious examples .
Appropriate , sensitive measures can be adopted to satisfy both the individual 's right to manifest her religious beliefs and her duty to identify herself .
In all the situations mentioned above , a woman wearing the full veil can be asked to take off her veil in private .
Bans on religious dress preserve secularism .
The principle of state neutrality requires state institutions to refrain from imposing any particular set of religious views , while at the same time allowing for free expression of religious beliefs within society .
Bans that deny people the right to wear in public places a style of clothing linked to a particular religious faith undermine , rather than protect , this principle , by defining the public space as a zone in which no - one is permitted to manifest his or her religion .
Banning the veil is necessary for integration .
The fact that the children of immigrants and converts , as well as newer immigrants , wear the full - face veil in Europe undermines the argument that a ban is necessary for the purposes of integration .
Integration policies that require newcomers to shed fundamental aspects of their identity are unlikely to succeed .
Banning full - face veils is likely to restrict rather than enhance opportunities for these women to engage with society as a whole .
The divisive debate about full Muslim veiling reflects the complex issues – and passions – involved .
International human rights law cannot answer all of the issues involved , but it can help frame a constructive conversation .
It requires that any interference with rights must have a legitimate reason and be the least restrictive possible .
It 's fundamentally about the role of the state in matters relating to personal autonomy and religion , thought and conscience .
Victims of coercion and abuse deserve assistance – but a ban is more likely to harm than help them .
And the convictions of those who choose to wear the veil deserve consideration .
One year before the infamous bike body - slam video of 2008 cost NYPD officer Patrick Pogan his job , another cop was caught on video knocking a cyclist off his bike during a Critical Mass ride .
Like Pogan , Sergeant Timothy Horohoe 's account of the arrest differs dramatically from the video evidence , but unlike Pogan , Horohoe was never brought up on criminal charges or NYPD administrative charges .
However , the city has agreed to pay $ 97,751 to settle a lawsuit filed against the NYPD for wrongfully detaining and arresting five cyclists during the March 2007 Critical Mass ride .
This video , provided by the Glass Bead Collective , dubs audio from Sgt. Horohoe 's sworn testimony over footage of the arrest .
( For the uninitiated , what you 're smelling is the unmistakable scent of NYPD uniform pants on fire ) :
According to Times Up , the CCRB brought a charge against Sgt Horohoe for lying in an official investigation .
Three years later the Internal Affairs Bureau , assigned to investigate these charges against Sgt. Horohoe , has taken no action , and the statute of limitations has expired .
The cyclist seen in the video , Richard Vazquez . , said in a statement , " While I ’m pleased with the monetary victory for myself and the other plaintiffs , there will be no real justice until the higher - ups in the NYPD are held accountable for their actions , and it is not just the low ranking officers who are punished . "
Today at Macworld , Microsoft announced Office for Mac 2011 , the next version of the leading productivity suite on the Mac .
" Together with your team - officemates , family or classmates - you are part of the community that helps shape each version of Office for Mac , " said Eric Wilfrid , MacBU general manager at Microsoft Corp .
" You 've told us that working together across platforms is a priority to you and that 's why we are making Office for Mac 2011 the best , most compatible productivity suite on the Mac . "
New Co-Authoring Tools and Office Web Apps
The new co-authoring tools in Office 2011 give you and your teammates the ability to work on a file from Word , PowerPoint or Excel1 from different locations , brainstorm ideas , and stay on the same page regardless of time , geography or platform .
Co-authoring improves the processes of working together , removing the pain and frustration of multiple versions , lost edits , or even trying to set a time for the group to meet .
With this new feature you can keep track of your team with the Presence Everywhere feature that gives real - time status updates on who is working on the document directly in the application .
Office 2011 also delivers a connection to Microsoft Office Web Apps from the application , giving you a simple way to access and share Office documents from any machine with an Internet connection .
Similar to the experience in Microsoft Office 2010 for PC users , the Office Web Apps make it easy to get your work done virtually anywhere .
These days work does n't stop at your desktop .
You need to stay productive with access to your information no matter where you are , without worrying about whether or not you e-mailed a crucial file to yourself .
Currently in beta , Office Web Apps are available to both home and business users ( across platforms ) and allow documents to be stored via your Windows Live ID account or on Microsoft SharePoint Technologies .
New User Interface Design : Office for Mac Ribbon
Another big addition to the Office 2011 suite is a ribbon that 's at the core of our next - generation Office for Mac user experiences .
We took your feedback and have n't completely rearranged what you know and love : the new design is an evolution of the Office 2008 Elements Gallery and uses the classic Mac menu and Standard Toolbar giving you the best of both worlds .
You can even collapse the ribbon and the Toolbar for more screen space or for the more advanced users who rely on keyboard shortcuts .
Together these tools make it easy to find and discover new and frequently used commands .
In fact , more than 80 percent2 of the most used features live in the default view of our new user experience so you do n't have to waste time finding the tool you need .
Built using the latest Mac OS X technologies , the ribbon delivers a modern and fluid experience and also gives you a more consistent experience across platforms , which is key to productivity as 75 percent of Mac users also use a PC .
New : Outlook for Mac Supports .
PST Import
Along with the updated user interface and quick access to the Office Web Apps , the MacBU announced last August that Outlook for Mac is coming to Office 2011 , replacing Entourage .
Outlook for Mac is a new application that leverages the Exchange Web Services protocol and is being built using Cocoa , allowing for improved integration with the Mac OS .
Today we are also announcing that Outlook for Mac will import .
PST files from Outlook for Windows - a top customer request .
In addition , as announced last year , Outlook for Mac features a reliable , high - speed , file - based database with Spotlight search and back - up support from Time Machine .
Outlook for Mac also provides Information Rights Management to help prevent sensitive information from being distributed to or read by people who do not have your permission to access the content .
Outlook for Mac provides an integrated solution for managing your time and information and , when it is used in conjunction with Microsoft Exchange Server , you benefit from increased collaboration capabilities and security enhancements .
Office for Mac 2011 will be available later this year .
For updates on all things Office for Mac , follow the team on Twitter ( @OfficeforMac ) and on Facebook ( http://www.facebook.com/pages/Office-Fo ... 2026096667 ) .
Yesterday , a poster in our forums claiming to be a Best Buy employee reported that the company 's internal inventory system had been updated to show that all MacBook Pro models had been " deleted " , preventing Best Buy stores from ordering any new units of the existing models .
Earlier today , the poster followed up with additional information in the form of screenshots of the inventory system showing the " deleted " status for Apple 's current entry - level 13 - inch and 15 - inch MacBook Pro models .
Best Buy inventory system entry for current low - end 13 " MacBook Pro
Best Buy inventory system entry for current low - end 15 " MacBook Pro
We have heard some whispers that Apple may be planning to introduce new MacBook Pro models tomorrow , coinciding with the Macworld Expo despite the lack of an Apple presence at the event .
Late last week , an entry for an unreleased MacBook Pro model based on a new Intel Core i7 processor appeared in Geekbench 's online benchmarking database .
Best Buy inventory screens are relatively frequent sources of rumors of imminent product updates , and they typically generate a significant amount of interest and discussion .
We have been told in the past , however , that the company frequently makes changes to its inventory system in anticipation of future announcements without any official knowledge from Apple .
This is not always the case , however , as an unidentified " mobile computing " device that appeared in Best Buy 's system last May did turn out to be a revised MacBook that was released two days later .
Update : Another Best Buy source has informed MacRumors that the Apple notebooks appeared in the inventory system of the store in question as " deleted " simply because the location does not carry Apple computers in - store .
Other Best Buy locations continue to be able to order new stocks of Apple notebooks , although an update to the company 's MacBook Pro line is still expected in the relatively near future .
AT&T ( And Friends ) Still Hard At Work Making Up Net Neutrality Job Loss Figures
from the scary - looking - pie- charts dept
As the FCC gets closer to crafting network neutrality rules ( assuming they even have the authority to do so ) , AT&T lobbyists have worked overtime to push the idea that creating such rules would automatically result in job losses .
To help nudge this scary meme into the press , they hired their old friend Bret Swanson , formerly employed at the Discovery Institute -- a think tank that created both the " Exaflood " ( debunked here countless times ) and " Intelligent Design " .
Back in February Swanson , like most AT&T hired policy wonks , used completely bogus " science " to insist that network neutrality rules would result in 1.5 million job losses .
He came to that number simply by adding up all of the people employed by companies that submitted comments to the FCC opposing network neutrality ( seriously ) .
Now AT&T is back at work again , this time pushing the job loss claims through an AT&T - backed group called Mobile Future .
Mobile Future has sponsored a new study ( pdf ) claiming that network neutrality laws will result in 340,000 lost jobs over the next 10 years -- and 1.5 million lost jobs across all sectors by 2020 .
Using the impact the 1996 Telecom Act and local loop unbundling requirements had on the broadband sector as a broad foundation , the study tries to somehow project that FCC neutrality rules would slow broadband revenues by one - sixth .
But as Bob Cringley notes , linking the complicated fight over line sharing ( however you felt about it ) to network neutrality is n't a coherent foundation :
" ...it's hard to see how government regulation was the problem when the Bells largely refused to comply with it .
You'd think being forced to share aging copper lines with startups would have encouraged the Bells to invest in better , higher - speed networks , not the opposite .
Extrapolating from that regulatory situation to Net neutrality is like taking laws regulating manure production by draft horses to make projections about the future of the space shuttle . "
Just as with bogus piracy statistics , there 's simply too many moving parts to make these kinds of projections one way or the other ( and the study does n't try too hard to support the idea that neutrality could bolster content industry employment ) .
You'd be hard pressed to get a room full of people to agree on what network neutrality even is after years of muddled debate -- much less find a way to tie concrete job loss figures to the nebulous concept .
Meanwhile , the AT&T - funded study unsurprisingly skips over the fact that companies like AT&T and Verizon are already laying off a significant number of employees as they lose landline customers ( or in Verizon 's case , intentionally hang up on rural markets and slow FiOS deployment ) .
There 's also the small fact that while the FCC has issued proposals for new network neutrality rules , they have n't crafted any concrete rules yet or defined key terms -- making job loss predictions premature at best and completely absurd at worst .
Even if the FCC were to craft rules defining " fair " network management practices , it seems likely that the final rules ( once they run the lobbyist gauntlet ) would be just as timid as the agency 's national broadband plan , which avoided tackling competition or truly rattling the status quo for fear of upsetting powerful carriers .
For all of the annoying and ridiculous hysteria surrounding network neutrality , the most the rules seem likely to cause is a few sleepless nights for carrier lobbyists -- who have to stay up late designing scary - looking pie charts .
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
Filed Under : net neutrality , studies
Companies : at&t
A South Canterbury woman who admitted having sex with a 15 - year - old boy – and had a baby with him – has been sentenced to 10 months home detention .
The 34 - year - old , who appeared for sentence before Judge Brian Callaghan in the Timaru District Court yesterday , was granted permanent name suppression .
She showed no visible sign of emotion as she was sentenced to 10 months ' home detention .
Following a pre-trial hearing last month , she pleaded guilty to a representative charge of sexual connection with a person under 16 years over a three - month period in 2008 .
The relationship started after her husband took on a mentoring role with the boy , who had been getting into trouble .
The boy started spending more time with the woman and became her chief confidant as she went through difficulties in her personal life .
The pair embarked on a consensual sexual relationship .
In making submissions , Crown prosecutor Tim Gresson said a prison term with a starting point of 3 1/2 years was appropriate .
As a matter of principle there was no difference between sentencing a male or female offender , he said .
However , Mr Gresson conceded the court faced a conundrum over the issue of identification , as the woman had four children who could be called victims .
Defence counsel Wayne van Vuuren said he did not see any way the woman 's children could be protected by any other means than name suppression for the woman and he submitted her children had already suffered adversely from media attention generated by the case .
Judge Callaghan said he saw no practical way of protecting the children if name suppression was not granted .
The woman 's name , her estranged husband 's name and occupation , and the names of the victim and his mother were suppressed .
" As much as I think you also need to be held accountable , I agree with your counsel that this is an unusual case , " Judge Callaghan said .
In terms of sentencing Mr Gresson said intensive supervision , although recommended in a pre-sentence report , was unrealistic given the nature of the offending .
There were some troubling aspects about the woman 's behaviour in that she was controlling and seemed to have an attraction to young teenage boys , he said .
" [ The woman ] not did seem to differentiate the 15 - year - old victim from any other male she could have started a relationship with . "
However , Mr van Vuuren directed his submissions to a sentence of community detention and intensive supervision .
A report prepared by Child , Youth and Family indicated the woman was not seen as a risk to either her own children or any other children .
Although the woman had arranged for her mother to take care of her children if she were jailed , imprisonment created a difficult proposition as that would involve uprooting the children , Mr van Vuuren said .
Judge Callaghan said the case was unique and unusual .
" I read this as being a situation where this relationship developed inappropriately but it happened as a result of circumstances .
" It should never have happened .
She should have been the adult .
She should have nipped this unhealthy relationship in the bud . "
He considered 2 1/2years ' imprisonment as an appropriate starting point for sentence .
This was reduced to 24 months – making the woman eligible for home detention – after taking her lack of previous convictions and her guilty plea into account .
He sentenced the woman to 10 months ' home detention and imposed standard and special post - detention conditions to apply for eight months .
High fructose corn syrup , which some studies have linked to obesity , may also be harmful to the liver , according to Duke University Medical Center research .
" We found that increased consumption of high fructose corn syrup was associated with scarring in the liver , or fibrosis , among patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease ( NAFLD ) , " said Manal Abdelmalek , MD , MPH , associate professor of medicine in the Division of Gastroenterology / Hepatology at Duke University Medical Center .
Her team of researchers at Duke , one of eight clinical centers in the Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis Clinical Research Network , looked at 427 adults enrolled in the network .
They analyzed dietary questionnaires collected within three months of the adults ' liver biopsies to determine their high fructose corn syrup intake and its association with liver scarring .
The researchers found only 19 percent of adults with NAFLD reported no intake of fructose - containing beverages , while 52 percent consumed between one and six servings a week and 29 percent consumed fructose - containing beverages on a daily basis .
An increase in consumption of fructose appeared to be correlated to increased liver fibrosis in patients with NAFLD .
" We have identified an environmental risk factor that may contribute to the metabolic syndrome of insulin resistance and the complications of the metabolic syndrome , including liver injury , " Abdelmalek said .
Research Abdelmalek published in the Journal of Hepatology in 2008 showed that , within a small subset of patients , high fructose corn syrup was associated with NAFLD .
Her latest research , published online in Hepatology , goes one step further and links high fructose corn syrup to the progression of liver injury .
" Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease is present in 30 percent of adults in the United States , " Abdelmalek said .
" Although only a minority of patients progress to cirrhosis , such patients are at increased risk for liver failure , liver cancer , and the need for liver transplant , " she explained .
Read the whole story here .
FACEBOOK COMMENTS :
Wingnutter outraged that disgraced ACORN ' Pimp ' Hoaxster O'Keefe ' overlooked ' for Pulitzer Prize !...
Brad Friedman Byon 4/15/2010 , 1:35 pm PT
Any remaining doubts about just how deeply detatched wingnuts are from Reality should pretty much be obliterated by this piece by Christian Toto at the far Rightwing website " Human Events . "
I 'm on the road today , so no time to offer details and / or direct rebuttal , but I suspect that , by now , BRAD BLOG readers should be able to both debunk and create your own punchline for just about each and every graf !
I 'm also pretty sure that Toto wrote that article with a straight face ( it 's not April 1 still , right ? ) , as incredible as that might sound .
I do n't believe I 've read any story of late , in regard to the utterly debunked and disgraceful ACORN " Pimp " Hoax --- even from the pseudonymous rightwing blogger , O'Keefe / Breitbart dead - ender and ( shockingly ) L.A. County Dep. DA Patrick " Patterico " Frey --- which is so singularly disconnected from Reality .
A " Pulitzer Prize " for the fully disgraced and accused federal criminal James O'Keefe for fake reporting ?
That 'd be roughly the equivalent of awarding the Nobel Peace Prize to Timothy McVeigh or a Grammy Award to Richard Nixon for " Best Spoken Word " for his superb work on the Watergate Tapes !
Fun stuff .
Crazy .
Batshit crazy .
But still fun !
Well , not much sign of the " Big Society " here .
The Conservatives have just released this new poster , which will go up on 500 sites across Britain tonight .
It 's by far the harshest message promoted by the Tories this year and has more in common with Michael Howard 's ill - fated 2005 election campaign than with anything we 've seen under Cameron 's leadership .
It 's not the policy as such that 's startling ( Labour has also pledged to cut benefits for those who refuse work ) but the dramatic shift in tone .
For Cameron , who spent much of the early part of his leadership " detoxifying " the Conservative Party , it represents a huge gamble .
We know from off - the - record briefings that senior Tories have been privately urging Cameron to " dump " the abstract " Big Society " and revert to a more traditional election strategy .
It looks like they won .
A well - documented tug of war has been taking place between Cameron 's strategy chief , Steve Hilton , and his director of communications , Andy Coulson , since the turn of the year .
Hilton , heavily influenced by a spell in California , has consistently urged Cameron to run a positive , hopeful Obama - style campaign .
The launch of the " Big Society " marked the apotheosis of this strategy .
Conversely , Coulson , the ruthless former tabloid editor , has pressed Cameron to run a fierce , aggressive campaign that relentlessly targets Gordon Brown 's record .
This poster has his fingerprints all over it .
After the launch of this poster , Cameron can be justifiably accused of reverting to a core-vote strategy amid the panic caused by the surge in the Lib Dems ' poll ratings .
Whether more follow in its wake or not ( is immigration next ? ) , Cameron 's claim to be a moderniser is looking remarkably thin tonight .
Follow the New Statesman team on Facebook .
Twenty - five years ago , a consultant - turned - entrepreneur began hawking a new beer to Boston bars out of a station wagon .
Jim Koch hoped he could build a modest local business with a high - priced brew that was heavier on hops and malt than most domestic beers .
Boston Beer Co. , the maker of Samuel Adams Boston Lager , is now a publicly traded company with a market capitalization of about $ 790 million .
Mr. Koch , chairman of Boston Beer Co. , has helped foster a revolution in small - batch American brewing .
Today , ...
I just finished listening to Traffic : Why We Drive the Way We Do , appropriately enough , while driving around Boston .
The book is probably better read / skimmed than listened to , and / or needs abridgment .
There are some worthwhile nuggets of information , however , and I ’ve selected a few below .
SUVs are hugely costly to society .
Because they are long and sluggish , they spend much more time getting rolling from a stop at a red light .
This is one reason that our city traffic has slowed down .
SUV drivers sit higher from the optical rush of the road so they are more likely to speed ( just as you would n’t have a strong sensation of speed in an airplane 1000 ′ above the ground , though the airplane is moving at 4X the speed of a car ) .
SUV drivers in at least two countries studied are less likely to wear seatbelts , more likely to be talking on a mobile phone , and less likely to have both hands on the wheel .
They crash constantly and are statistically less safe than a minivan that is lighter weight .
Low - cost parking meters in cities are a primary cause of traffic jams and accidents .
About 12 percent of cars driving around a city are looking for a parking spot .
Those folks drive very slowly .
When they stop , they tend to get hit by other cars , and traffic comes to a standstill until the accident is cleared .
As soon as parking spots are more than 80 percent occupied , city traffic slows down to a crawl .
( If we had a nationwide wireless Internet and perhaps an RFID transponder in cars , the solution would presumably be dynamic pricing for parking spaces so that there were always about 20 percent free . )
Intersections with lights are hugely dangerous and have very little capacity compared to roundabouts .
The heavyweight control systems and signs do n’t ensure driver or pedestrian safety .
The intersection is useless during a clearing phase that has to be lengthened every year ( now it is about 2 seconds of red in all directions ) .
The intersection is very slow to start up again after a red ( see the note about ponderous SUVs above ) .
Signs are basically useless , especially as they have been layered onto our roads year after year .
People drive slower around curves with no “ curve warning 30 mph ” sign than they do with the sign .
Deer crossing signs do nothing to reduce the prevalence of deer - car collisions .
High curbs and crosswalks do not protect pedestrians .
In fact , in Dutch cities where all signs , curbs , and markings have been removed , accidents and injuries have gone down .
Traffic engineers have spent decades applying techniques that work on highways to city streets and continue doing so though all research shows it does n’t work .
All of the road engineering discourages drivers from paying attention to what is happening around them .
[ Similar results were found in London . ]
Skill does not make for a safer driver ; an insurance company study of NASCAR - style racing drivers found that these supremely skilled individuals were more likely to get into accidents when driving on public streets than the average driver .
Contrary to advertisements touting the miracles of airbags , new cars are no safer than old cars , according to studies in Norway and the U.S. Adjusted for miles driven , people in new cars are more likely to be in an accident and more likely to be injured than people in old cars .
Quite a few people are killed in new cars while traveling at less than 35 mph .
What would reduce deaths and the cost of injuries would be if everyone wore helmets , though this has never been seriously proposed .
I recommend the book in print because each section stands on its own nicely and the reader can pick and choose the most interesting topics .
Now this is an interesting one .
Classic British amp maker Orange Music had a bit of a surprise behind its booth at the 2010 Musikmesse show .
The O PC is , well , a guitar amp and a PC rolled into one convenient package .
We did n't catch the processor , but there will be an option to use either the NVIDIA GeForce 9300 or ramp up to the 512MB ATI Radeon 5670 .
Standard fare is there , USB ports and WiFi , but no clue as to processor / memory .
On the aural side of things , there 's a stereo option for plugging in an extension speaker , a 1/ 4 - inch guitar jack , basic EQ knobs , and yet - to - be - finalized modeling software -- nothing trial , everything full version , assures the Orange rep .
Once that 's sorted , the estimated ship time is two to four months , with price unmentioned .
Video presentation after the break .
[ Thanks , Hessel ]
( Natural News ) Drug and chemical giant Bayer AG has admitted that there is no way to stop the uncontrolled spread of its genetically modified crops .
"
Even the best practices can't guarantee perfection , " said Mark Ferguson , the company 's defense lawyer in a recent trial .
Two Missouri farmers sued Bayer for contaminating their crop with modified genes from an experimental strain of rice engineered to be resistant to the company 's Liberty - brand herbicide .
The contamination occurred in 2006 , during an open field test of the new rice , which was not approved for human consumption .
According to the plaintiffs ' lawyer , Don Downing , genetic material from the unapproved rice contaminated more than 30 percent of all rice cropland in the United States .
" Bayer was supposed to be careful , " Downing said .
" Bayer was not careful and that rice did escape into our commercial rice supplies .
" The plaintiffs alleged that in addition to contaminating their fields , Bayer further harmed them financially by undermining their export market .
When the U.S. Department of Agriculture announced the widespread rice contamination , important export markets were closed to U.S. producers .
A report from Greenpeace International estimates the financial damage of the contamination at between $ 741 million and $ 1.3 billion .
Bayer claimed that there was no possible way it could have prevented the contamination , insisting that it followed not only the law but also the best industry practices .
The jury disagreed , finding Bayer guilty of carelessness in handling the genetically modified crops .
The company was ordered to pay farmers Kenneth Bell and Johnny Hunter $ 2 million .
" This is a huge victory , not only for Kenny and me , but for every farmer in America who was harmed by Bayer 's Liberty Link rice contamination , " Hunter said .
According to Hunter , the company got " the wake - up call they deserved .
" Bayer is still being sued by more than 1,000 other farmers from Missouri , Arkansas , Louisiana , Mississippi and Texas .
Sources for this story include : www.organicconsumers.org;
This story has been edited to clarify that it discusses different approaches being taken to develop a theory of everything .
Getting inside the mind of God ( Image : John Lund / Getty )
The “ theory of everything ” is one of the most cherished dreams of science .
If it is ever discovered , it will describe the workings of the universe at the most fundamental level and thus encompass our entire understanding of nature .
It would also answer such enduring puzzles as what dark matter is , the reason time flows in only one direction and how gravity works .
Small wonder that Stephen Hawking famously said that such a theory would be “ the ultimate triumph of human reason – for then we should know the mind of God ” .
But theologians need n’t lose too much sleep just yet .
Despite decades of effort , progress has been slow .
Many physicists have confined themselves to developing “ quantum gravity ” theories that attempt to reconcile quantum mechanics with general relativity – a prerequisite for a theory of everything .
But rather than coming up with one or two rival theories whose merits can be judged against the evidence , there is a profusion of candidates that address different parts of the problem and precious few clues as to which ( if any ) might turn out to be correct .
Here ’s a brief guide to some of the front runners .
Advertisement
String theory
This is probably the best known theory of everything , and the most heavily studied .
It suggests that the fundamental particles we observe are not actually particles at all , but tiny strings that only “ look ” like particles to scientific instruments because they are so small .
What ’s more , the mathematics of string theory also rely on extra spatial dimensions , which humans could not experience directly .
These are radical suggestions , but many theorists find the string approach elegant and have proposed numerous variations on the basic theme that seem to solve assorted cosmological conundrums .
However , they have two major challenges to overcome if they are to persuade the rest of the scientific community that string theory is the best candidate for a ToE .
First , string theorists have so far struggled to make new predictions that can be tested .
So string theory remains just that : a theory .
Secondly , there are just too many variants of the theory , any one of which could be correct – and little to choose between them .
To resolve this , some physicists have proposed a more general framework called M - theory , which unifies many string theories .
But this has its own problems .
Depending how you set it up , M - theory can describe any of 10500 universes .
Some physicists argue that this is evidence that there are multiple universes , but others think it just means the theory is untestable .
Loop quantum gravity
Although it has n’t had the same media exposure , loop quantum gravity is so far the only real rival to string theory .
The basic idea is that space is not continuous , as we usually think , but is instead broken up into tiny chunks 10 - 35 metres across .
These are then connected by links to make the space we experience .
When these links are tangled up into braids and knots , they produce elementary particles .
Loop quantum gravity has produced some tentative predictions of real - world effects , and has also shed some light on the birth of the universe .
But its proponents have so far struggled to incorporate gravity into their theories .
And as with string theory , a true experimental test is still some way off .
CDT
Causal dynamical triangulations looks pretty similar to loop quantum gravity at first glance .
Just as loop quantum gravity breaks up space into tiny “ building blocks ” , CDT assumes that space - time is split into tiny building blocks – this time , four - dimensional chunks called pentachorons .
The pentachorons can then be glued together to produce a large - scale universe – which turns out to have three space dimensions and one time dimension , just as the real one does .
So far , so good , but there ’s a major drawback : CDT as it currently stands cannot explain the existence of matter .
Quantum Einstein gravity
This idea , proposed by Martin Reuter of the University of Mainz , Germany , takes a rather different tack .
Part of the problem with unifying gravity and quantum mechanics is what happens to gravity at small scales .
The closer two objects are to each other , the stronger the gravitational attraction between them ; but gravity also acts on itself , and as a result , at very small distances a feedback loop starts .
According to conventional theories the force should then become ridiculously strong – which means there ’s something wrong with the conventional theories .
However , Reuter has come up with a way to generate a “ fixed point ” : a distance below which gravity stops getting stronger .
This could help solve the problem , and lead to a quantum theory of gravity .
Quantum graphity
All the theories above assume that space and time exist , and then try to build up the rest of the universe .
Quantum graphity – the brainchild of Fotini Markopoulou of the Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics in Waterloo , Ontario , Canada , and colleagues – tries to do away with them .
When the universe formed in the big bang , Markopoulou says , there was no such thing as space as we know it .
Instead , there was an abstract network of “ nodes ” of space , in which each node was connected to every other .
Very soon afterwards , this network collapsed and some of the nodes broke away from each other , forming the large universe we see today .
Internal relativity
Developed by Olaf Dreyer of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , internal relativity sets out to explain how general relativity could arise in a quantum world .
Every particle in the universe has a property called “ spin ” , which can be loosely thought of as what happens to the particle when it is rotated .
Dreyer ’s model imagines a system of spins existing independently of matter and arranged randomly .
When the system reaches a critical temperature , the spins align , forming an ordered pattern .
Anyone actually living in the system of spins will not see them .
All they see are their effects , which Dreyer has shown will include space - time and matter .
He has also managed to derive Newtonian gravity from the model : however , general relativity has not yet emerged .
E8
In 2007 the physicist ( and sometime surfer ) Garrett Lisi made headlines with a possible theory of everything .
The fuss was triggered by a paper discussing E8 , a complex eight - dimensional mathematical pattern with 248 points .
Lisi showed that the various fundamental particles and forces known to physics could be placed on the points of the E8 pattern , and that many of their interactions then emerged naturally .
Some physicists heavily criticised the paper , while others gave it a cautious welcome .
In late 2008 , Lisi was given a grant to continue his studies of E8 .
The Pledge of Allegiance to “ one nation under God ” does n’t violate a citizen ’s right to be free of state - mandated religion , a divided federal appeals court ruled Thursday in reversing one of its most controversial decisions .
In a 2 - 1 ruling , the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals said no federal law requires students to recite the pledge or the religious reference in it .
The 9th Circuit had ruled in 2002 in a case brought by Sacramento atheist Michael Newdow that the wording violated the Establishment Clause of the Constitution ’s 1st Amendment , which prohibits the enactment of any law or official policy in support of a religion .
A U.S. Supreme Court review in 2004 ducked the constitutional question .
The justices threw out Newdow ’s lawsuit against the Elk Grove Unified School District , which his daughter attended , on grounds that he lacked standing to sue because he did n’t have primary custody of the girl .
Advertisement
Joined by other Sacramento - area parents opposed to the pledge , Newdow , a physician with a law degree , brought an identical challenge against the Rio Linda Union School District practice of leading daily pledges and secured a ruling in his favor from U.S. District Judge Lawrence K. Karlton .
The judge cited the 9th Circuit ’s holding that Congress rendered the pledge unconstitutional when it added the words “ under God ” in 1954 , in a Cold War -era gesture against the godless communism of the Soviet Union .
Thursday ’s ruling brings the 9th Circuit in line with other federal appeals courts in upholding a school ’s right to conduct the patriotic ritual .
That unity among the circuit courts makes it unlikely that the Supreme Court will again review the decision , both Newdow and those in favor of preserving the “ under God ” reference said .
“ This is not a politically popular cause and those who would disenfranchise a majority have the power to do it , ” said Newdow , who endured virulent scorn and death threats after the 2002 ruling .
He conceded that the 9th Circuit reversal could prove the last word in his quest to have the pledge deemed unconstitutional .
Despite the bleak outlook , he said he would petition for rehearing by a full 11 - judge panel of the 9th Circuit and for Supreme Court review .
In a separate case decided Thursday , the same three - judge panel rejected Newdow ’s challenge to the imprinting of “ In God We Trust ” on the national money , citing a Supreme Court ruling that the phrase constitutes a national motto .
Advertisement
“ Not every mention of God or religion by our government or at the government ’s direction is a violation of the Establishment Clause , ” wrote Judge Carlos T. Bea , citing tax exemptions for religious groups and Nativity displays on government property that have passed high - court review .
“ The Pledge of Allegiance serves to unite our vast nation through the proud recitation of some of the ideals upon which our Republic was founded and for which we continue to strive : one Nation under God -- the Founding Fathers ’ belief that the people of this nation are endowed by their Creator , ” wrote Bea , an appointee of President George W. Bush , who was joined in the decision by Judge Dorothy W. Nelson .
Judge Stephen Reinhardt dissented , writing that “ the state - directed , teacher - led daily recitation in public schools of the amended ‘ under God ’ version of the Pledge of Allegiance . . . violates the Establishment Clause of the Constitution . ”
Nelson and Reinhardt were both appointed by President Carter ; Reinhardt was part of the 2 - 1 majority in the 2002 ruling that struck down the pledge as unconstitutional .
Advertisement
carol.williams@latimes.com
Nick Howes 's images show the icy nucleus breaking away from a comet ( on the left of the picture ) .
Image courtesy of Faulkes Telescope Project and LCOGT
An amateur astronomer has made a " major astronomical discovery " while accessing a telescope in Hawaii over the internet while at work in the UK .
Nick Howes took pictures showing the icy nucleus of a comet breaking up while he sat at his desk in Wiltshire .
He used a remote - controlled telescope through the Faulkes Telescope Project , run by experts from Cardiff University .
Dr Paul Roche said the university was delighted and that the images appear to show the comet nucleus disintegrating .
" What this illustrates is what is achievable when amateur astronomers can get their hands on such a powerful telescope , " he said .
The project , which was created to help teach schoolchildren science and maths , offers access to a pair of remotely controlled telescopes , located on the Hawaiian island of Maui , and at Siding Spring in Australia - via the internet .
We hope to involve schools in observing this comet over the next few weeks , so that we can see what happens to this new fragment
Dr Paul Roche , Cardiff University Using the £ 5 m Faulkes Telescope North in Maui , Mr Howes captured six images that showed what appears to be a mountain - sized chunk of ice that has broken away from the giant " dirty snowball " that forms the nucleus of a comet .
A second set of images obtained the following day - last Friday - showed that the new fragment is still trailing the comet , which is officially called Comet C2007 C3 .
Dr Roche said : " As the nucleus of a comet is typically tens of kilometres across , this fragment is probably mountain - sized , and will become a small comet as it gradually separates from its parent . "
It is now hoped that astronomers will follow up Mr Howes 's discovery using instruments such as the Hubble space telescope .
" We hope to involve schools in observing this comet over the next few weeks , so that we can see what happens to this new fragment , " added Dr Roche .
Mr Howes also took images of the break - up from his home observatory
It is also hoped that this discovery will help encourage others to use the telescope for research and to help make new scientific discoveries .
Last year , another amateur astronomer , working with several UK schools and the Faulkes Telescope Project , discovered the fastest - rotating asteroid in the solar system .
More than 200 UK schools have used the telescopes to help in science lessons , often gathering data that is used by university researchers .
" As well as amateur astronomers this project allows researchers from the university to help schools access professional equipment , and learn more about how modern science is really done , " Dr Roche said .
" We hope this discovery will help encourage others to use the Faulkes Telescopes and lead to even more scientific discoveries . "
The Faulkes Telescope Project was launched in March 2004 by the Dill Faulkes Educational Trust , as a way of helping to inspire school students to study science and maths .
The project is financially supported by Las Cumbres Observatory Global Telescope Network ( LCOGT ) and the trust .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In the 2010 edition of its annual ranking of " World 's Most Admired Companies " , placed Apple at the top of the list for the third year in a row and by the highest margin ever in the survey 's ten - year history .
Apple was followed in the rankings by Google , Berkshire Hathaway , Johnson & Johnson , and Amazon .
What makes Apple so admired ?
Product , product , product .
This is the company that changed the way we do everything from buy music to design products to engage with the world around us .
Its track record for innovation and fierce consumer loyalty translates into tremendous respect across business ' highest ranks .
As BMW CEO Norbert Reithofer puts it , " The whole world held its breath before the iPad was announced .
That 's brand management at its very best . "
Reithofer also ranked Apple CEO Steve Jobs as his most admired CEO .
And beyond the overall crown , Apple took the top spot in the sub-category of Innovation while placing second in People Management .
The company was also recognized as fourth in Quality of Products / Services and in a tie for sixth with Amazon in Management Quality .
Fortune 's rankings were based on a poll of 4,200 corporate executives , directors , and industry analysts .
Here 's a little bombastic vision on what could be the most important social trend of this century .
____________________
What if the world as we know it today is n't the end of history ?
The pen ultimate destination of human cultural evolution that eventually ( likely sooner than later ) collapses due to its own obesity .
What if it is merely a stepping stone to something new ?
Something much better than the increasingly barren monoculture prone to increasingly frequent bouts of malfunction we live in today .
The idea that something new is possible is spreading .
Most favorably , it is giving rise to a new type : the cultural entrepreneur .
For these people , the slow motion failure of the global system has n't resulted in capitulation , depression , or isolation .
They do n't have a blind faith that things will auto - magically get better .
In contrast , to these entrepreneurs , the failure of the global system is a call to arms .
An open invitation to build something new .
A better social and economic system and not merely another patch on a wheezing status quo .
For entrepreneurs of this type , the goal is n't isolation or withdrawal into the wilds to build communes or stock cabins with ammo .
It also is n't about taking control of the current levers of power and of forcing compliance .
A clue : it 's not about bankrupt ideologies or the politics of the 20th Century .
Instead , this effort is about competition .
It is to build new social and economic systems that can compete with the current political and economic monopolies and if successful , force them to compete in order to stay relevant .
It 's about building something new from the ground up , a start - up culture of independence and sanity , that attracts better participants and delivers more results than any other alternative .
The start - ups these entrepreneurs are building work within the current system and against it , growing in power with each cycle of innovation .
They compete against each other to provide the best possible results , yet connect on a level that allows them to accelerate faster than if they were alone .
Sure , as with all start - ups , most will fail .
Many will be horribly misguided .
But some wo n't fail .
Some will even work spectacularly well .
May the best solution win .
NOTE : This is n't an essay to convince you .
If you think the status quo is the best of all possible systems , this likely is n't for you .
However , if when the the current system eventually fails you or your kids , you might think differently .
So !
This comic was written in CONSULTATION with your friend and mine , Dr. Chris Hastings .
In exchange I suggested that one of his characters dress up as a chef sometimes .
Will you see that in an upcoming installment of The Adventures Of Dr. McNinja ?
You 'd better , that 's all I can say .
This comic was also inspired at MoCCA , when Kind Reader Yuval told me that vampires were vulnerable to counting how many jellybeans are in a jar .
While not PRECISELY accurate to the old - skool mythology of vampires , it is pretty close , and I promised him that if I used this FunFact ( tm ) in a comic then I would share one more clue for the AS - YET - UNSOLVED cryptogram from a few weeks ago .
So here is a big clue , as it reduces the search space considerably : the longest word is " fundamental " .
I think at this point I will let the puzzle stand for ALL ETERNITY
Speaking of eternity , everyone , two of my shirts are going away for all eternity !
NOW IS YOUR CHANCE :
OH ALSO !
Friday's FUN - TIME MASK UPDATES : Add " &butiwouldratherbereading= " and sisterclaire or registeredweapon to read Dinosaur Comics versions of Sister Claire or Registered Weapon .
One year ago today : i did a search and nobody is calling bad baloney " failoney " .
what the heck , internet , you should n't need me to think up these permutations for you
– Ryan
Motorola has made a statement on their Facebook page to lend some clarity to the newly - announced Skyhook partnership for future Android devices .
From what can be gathered from the statement , they are making the move out of no ill - will towards Google , and want to use Skyhook to enhance the abilities of location - based services and apps .
It would seem they will only be implementing core elements of Skyhook to help with GPS tracking and accuracy .
The statement remains unclear about future support for Google Maps and Navigation , but it does n’t look like their life on Motorola devices is at stake .
If anything it looks like Skyhook aims to improve the capabilities of these services .
The statment is clear that Motorola has no intention to break from their partnership with Google , but also notes the caveat that Android ’s open nature makes moves like Skyhook implementation perfectly acceptable by Google ’s standards .
[ UPDATE ]
I got in touch with the folks at Motorola and they had the following to say :
Motorola ’s relationship with Skyhook — a leader in location positioning , context and intelligence — is complementary to our company ’s work with Google .
And for those naysayers :
both [ Google Maps and Skyhook ] will live on the device ; Skyhook is not a replacement .
So there you have it , definitive word on what impact Skyhook will have on Motorola ’s Android handsets and Google Maps .
As a side note , I just ca n’t help but think of The Dark Knight every time someone mentions Skyhook .
Hopefully the enhancements will be as good at improving Android location abilities as Skyhook was at extracting Batman from China .
[ Motorola on Facebook | Thanks to Johnny for the heads up ! ]
In 1910 , prominent bankers and government officials convened a secret meeting on a stunning South Georgia key known as Jekyll Island .
Gathering at a place that was once a haven for French privateers and , later , a playground for the rich of the Gilded Age , the group devised the plans that would result , three years later , in the creation of the Federal Reserve System , America 's central bank .
Almost exactly a century later , in May 2009 , some 30 " freedom keepers " — men who , like most members of the radical right , despise the Fed and see it as part of a plot to exploit American citizens — came together at the scene of the " crime " to wash away its sins .
Meeting in the Federal Reserve Room of the luxurious Jekyll Island Club , they held an elaborate ceremony meant to symbolically " supplant the secretive deliberations " of 1910 .
Hoisted over the club as they met was the Gadsden Flag , with its coiled snake and cantankerous slogan , " Do n't Tread on Me . "
Convened by long - time radical tax protester Bob Schulz , who has been attacking the Fed and the Internal Revenue Service for decades , this remarkable gathering appears to have played a key role in launching the current resurgence of militias and the larger antigovernment " Patriot " movement .
Less than five months into the Obama Administration , the Jekyll Island conclave warned of " increasing national instability , " worried about a coming " New World Order , " denounced secret schemes to merge Canada , Mexico and the United States , and furiously attacked the new president 's " socialized " policies and failure to end illegal immigration .
A gathering in 1910 on Jekyll Island produced plans for the creation of the Federal Reserve System .
" The Feds are out of control , " Jon Roland , one of the participants and a Texas militia leader of the 1990s , told the Intelligence Report .
They " have actually been engaging in warlike activity against the American people . …
It kills people . "
One of the most remarkable things about the little - noticed Jekyll Island gathering , which in some ways resembled another meeting that helped launch the militia movement of the 1990s , is how it brought together disparate elements of the radical right .
It included radical tax protesters , militiamen , nativist extremists , anti-Obama " birthers , " hard - line libertarians , conspiracy - minded Patriots with theories about secret government concentration camps , even a raging anti-Semite named Edgar Steele .
Others , representing gun-rights absolutists and the far - right " unregistered churches " movement , were invited but sent their regrets .
That 's not all .
In addition to producing a whole series of " action plans to confront the violations " of the Obama Administration , the Jekyll Island meeting led to a number of other radical cooperative efforts .
Most remarkably — and most recently — more than 100 delegates from 48 states traveled to St. Charles , Ill. , in November to attend an 11 - day " continental congress " planned at Jekyll Island and hosted by Schulz 's organization , We the People ( WTP ) .
Given that it took its name from the gathering that was the first step toward the American Revolution , it is n't surprising that attendees felt , as one told a Pennsylvania newspaper just before the congress began , that it was " the final step before we have no other options . "
Building a Movement
Robert L. Schulz is no stranger to the radical right .
For decades , he has battled the federal government over his right to sell products claiming that the income tax is illegal and Americans need not pay it .
He has been behind more than 100 court actions and petitions claiming government malfeasance and seeking various forms of redress .
He has run full - page ads in national newspapers calling attention to his groundless theories .
In 2008 , Schulz and his We the People Foundation were found in contempt of court for refusing to turn over lists of people who had bought his materials .
Over the years , Schulz has made friends in low places ; a wide variety of extremists , including Holocaust deniers , have attended his events .
Since 2008 , Schulz also has become a vocal " birther , " one of those who , against all the evidence , claim President Obama is not a U.S. citizen .
In two full - page ads in the Chicago Tribune that year , Schulz demanded that Obama either bring him proof that he is " a natural born citizen " or be called out as a " usurper " to whom the armed forces " would be under no obligation to remain obedient . "
But it was only last year that Schulz began to play a key role in building a larger movement , one with concerns that went far beyond challenging the legality of taxes and Obama 's holding the office of president .
At Jekyll Island , there were long hours spent discussing a list of alleged ongoing constitutional violations that will soon " collapse the Republic . "
The dark talk focused on fears of illegal surveillance , gun-control laws , " transportation choke points , " sustainable development , and " individual and state sovereignty . "
And there was angry talk , of course , about taxes and " unconstitutional fiat currency , " meaning , in English , the U.S. dollar .
Dr. Edwin Vieira co-organized the Jekyll Island summit with Schulz , but did not attend .
The reason , according to remarks made there by Schulz , was that Vieira was hard at work producing a massive tome on " well - regulated militias " — and his plans to establish militias in each of the 50 states .
( In the 1990s , Vieira , a long - time associate of Schulz 's and a man who has written about militias for years , advertised his conferences in The Jubilee , an anti-Semitic publication , among others . )
There were many other long - time enthusiasts of militias and related Patriot organizations there , too : John Stadtmiller , who once ran militia promoter Mark " Mark from Michigan " Koernke 's radio show , and now heads the far - right Republic Broadcasting Network ; Tom DeWeese , a co-founder in 1997 of United Truckers Defending the Constitution and an angry critic , like most on the radical right , of the United Nations ; Ernest Hancock , a libertarian radio show host who in the 1990s ran the Patriot - friendly group Second Amendment is for Everyone and also the website Viper Reserves , which defended members of the Viper Militia arrested in 1996 and later imprisoned on serious federal conspiracy and weapons charges ; Paul Venable , head of the Idaho chapter of the anti-immigrant and anti-abortion Constitution Party ; and Roland , who founded the Texas Militia Correspondence Committee in 1995 .
According to the Jekyll Island Project website , there were many newer members of the radical right present as well .
They included Robert Crooks , leader of the virulent California nativist group Mountain Minuteman , who in 2007 concocted a faked video enthusiastically depicting the killing by snipers of undocumented immigrants crossing the border .
( " This video shows how to keep a Home Depot parking lot empty , " Crooks wrote in a mass E - mail attached to the video . )
Lt. Cmdr. Eric Cunningham was there from Oath Keepers , a Patriot group formed last year , composed of military and law enforcement officers , and given to antigovernment conspiracy theories .
Also present was Edgar Steele , who represented the neo -Nazi Aryan Nations in a 2000 lawsuit brought by the Southern Poverty Law Center and has since become an ardent anti-Semite himself .
( In 2002 , in an essay entitled " It 's the Jews , Stupid ! ! ! " , Steele wrote , " Jews are the problem .
Jews have been the problem since before they saw to the crucifixion of Jesus Christ . " )
And there was an official of Restore the Republic , the Patriot group that released a film last fall alleging that the Federal Emergency Management Agency is constructing a network of concentration camps meant for patriotic Americans .
Schulz responded to some E-mail questions from the Intelligence Report but he was careful in those questions he chose to answer .
Asked if the Georgia meeting had reawakened the Patriot movement that produced so much havoc in the 1990s , he replied : " There appear to be more individuals and organizations waking up to the importance of the Constitution " and critically examining government actions .
G. Edward Griffin , who helped organize the Jekyll Island gathering , may have been more revealing .
Griffin , who wrote a scathing 1994 attack on the Fed published by the anti-communist John Birch Society and also a sympathetic biography of the group 's founder , was the first to speak at the meeting .
He told conferees that merely putting " large numbers of people in the street " was not enough .
" We must , " he said , " achieve power . "
Spreading the Flames
In the aftermath of the Jekyll Island meeting , We the People activists helped to inject a radical note into " town hall " meetings held around the country by various politicians last summer to discuss a public health care option and other matters .
In August , William Kostric , identified as a member of WTP's Arizona chapter , showed up at a health care reform meeting hosted in New Hampshire by President Obama .
Kostric was wearing a gun strapped to his thigh and carrying a sign reading , " IT IS TIME TO WATER THE TREE OF LIBERTY " ( a reference to Thomas Jefferson 's statement that the " tree of liberty " needs occasional refreshing with " the blood of patriots and tyrants " ) .
According to press reports , Kostric , who did not respond to requests for comment , had a MySpace page filled with paeans to militia groups and Randy Weaver , a white supremacist hero of many militiamen .
That same month , Chris Broughton , also listed as a member of WTP 's Arizona chapter , brought an assault rifle to an Obama town hall meeting in Phoenix , provoking something of a media storm .
While there , he was interviewed by Ernest Hancock , the militia sympathizer who also attended the Jekyll Island summit .
A day earlier , Broughton had attended a fiery sermon by Tempe pastor Steven Anderson , who reportedly prayed for " Obama to melt like a snail tonight " because he was a " socialist devil , murderer , infanticide . "
Anderson told reporters he regularly prayed for the president 's death and that Broughton was part of his congregation .
Schulz has also been reaching out to other antigovernment groups .
In October , his WTP held a joint event with the Oath Keepers , which suggests on its website that government roundups and concentration camps are imminent dangers .
The event in Chatham , N.Y. , was dedicated to helping Americans become " aware of the threats to their individual freedoms and liberties , as well as to their nation 's sovereignty . "
‘ Articles of Freedom '
By last November , the American radical right was growing increasingly agitated .
Patriot groups , according to the Southern Poverty Law Center 's count , had exploded over the prior year .
The " tea parties , " while not strictly speaking extremist groups , were shot through with radical ideas and conspiracy theories .
Nativist groups were booming .
And anger at Obama , even in the political mainstream , was swelling , fueled by accusations of creeping socialism .
It was a good time , in other words , for Bob Schulz .
When his WTP organization finally threw its " continental congress " in Illinois , it drew delegates from around the nation .
And those delegates represented an even wider swath of the American radical right than had been represented at the Jekyll Island conclave .
Now , there were neo-Confederate secessionists , " common - law court " enthusiasts , and adherents of the " sovereign citizens " movement , in addition to the militia backers and other radicals who had been at Jekyll Island .
Kevin Tebedo , who " testified " in 1995 to the Colorado Common Law Grand Jury , one of the pseudo - legal peoples ' " courts " that populated the Patriot movement of the 1990s , was there .
( Tebedo later led the anti-gay group , Colorado for Family Values . )
So was William Reil , who was arrested in Pennsylvania in 1998 for having a homemade license plate and driver 's license — typical of those in the so - called sovereign citizens movement .
Reil used various " paper terrorism " tactics in an attempt to get his car back , including filing a document that demanded the arrest and impeachment of the governor .
Reil declined to make any comment .
Dan Gonzales , a former Southeast Florida leader of the neo-secessionist League of the South — a white supremacist hate group whose leader has said that the South needs to be returned to " general European cultural hegemony " — was on hand .
Gonzales , too , declined to discuss his past or the Illinois meeting .
In the end , the St. Charles congress issued a genuinely radical document entitled " Articles of Freedom . "
It declares that the federal government " now threatens our Life , Liberty and Property through usurpations of the Constitution " and calls for 11 different actions .
It demands Obama produce his birth documents and blames immigrants for putting the nation " at risk of terrorism , crime , and disease . "
It calls for repealing all social service spending , denounces " a cartel of private banks , " demands a currency alternative to the dollar , and insists on the end of taxation .
It rejects all supranational bodies , including the non-existent North American Union ( the entity that nativist conspiracy theorists claim is being secretly planned by Mexico , Canada and the United States ) .
Taking a page from the sovereign citizens movement , it demands an end to driver 's licenses , auto registration and insurance .
Rejecting the existing legal system , it calls for the creation of " randomly empanelled citizens ' common law grand juries " to determine when a trial will take place .
And , like the anti-Semitic hard - liners of the Posse Comitatus in the 1980s , it asks that Americans treat county sheriffs as the highest legitimate police authority .
Since the Congress
The ranks of We the People have burgeoned since the November congress , and they now include dozens of prominent radical - right figures .
Among them are Orly Taitz , the California dentist on a personal jihad to prove that Obama is not a citizen ; Cory Burnell , a former leader of the white supremacist League of the South and later founder of Christian Exodus , which seeks a theocratic takeover of the state of South Carolina ; John Hassey , former leader of the Central Alabama Militia ; Walter Burien , co-founder in the 1990s of the Arizona Sons and Daughters of Liberty militia ; and Jo Ann Dingley , once a contact for the Santa Rosa County Militia and a delegate to the Third Continental Congress , a Patriot formation .
With this swelling of the WTP rolls have come people with reported criminal histories .
( Each of the people named below did not respond to E - mails seeking comment ; details of their histories come from press reports ) .
Among them :
Wayne Gunwall , who in the 1990s traveled around the country helping groups set up common - law courts .
He was sentenced to 15 months in prison in 1997 for conspiring to impede and harass Internal Revenue Service agents .
Arthur Hollowell , a " sovereign citizen " who in 1982 was convicted of forgery charges and then was a fugitive for years .
He was eventually sentenced to a year in federal prison in 1997 after pleading guilty to running a scam , called the Northwest Community Exchange , to hide millions of dollars from the Internal Revenue Service .
In the 1990s , Hollowell was tied to the Citizens Bar Association , which urged tax resistance and was reportedly anti-Semitic .
Robert B. Beale , convicted of tax evasion in 2008 after two years on the run .
And David Eugene Landess , who accepted a plea bargain in 2009 on felony charges of attempting to evade taxes over several years .
It 's not clear what role Bob Schulz and We the People will play in the coming months and years .
What is certain is that they have had a key , and little - noticed , part in the dramatic expansion of the radical right over the last year .
It may well be , when the history of these years on the radical right in America is finally written , that the Jekyll Island summit , and the continental congress that followed , did more than any other effort to build the muscle of the radical antigovernment movement .
And that , judging by documents produced at the group 's November congress , may well presage new dangers for the American public .
The documents conclude that any infringement on the people 's liberty as laid out in the Constitution is " an act of WAR " that " the People and their Militias have the Right and Duty to repel . "
Janet Smith contributed to this report .
UFC president Dana
White will allow fighters appearing in EA Sports MMA , a rival to his successful UFC Undisputed video game series .
But UFC fans who buy the EA game beware :
White says that 's " fucking nuts . "
Advertisement
Kotaku grabbed a couple of minutes with
White late last week at an elaborate evening nightclub event held for the upcoming UFC Undisputed 2010 held by the game 's publisher , THQ .
White had a TV taping to make and was trying to slip out through the kitchen , but mention EA to the man and he 's ready to find a quiet corridor where he can share his view on his video game rival .
Advertisement
White revealed that he is backing off his earlier threats to ban any fighter who appears in EA 's game to be a part of UFC .
" Nah , some people have crossed over , " he told Kotaku , " But believe me this is still going to continue to be a battle .
... they 're the me -toos .
The UFC game is the original game . "
While UFC Undisputed 2009 was a multi-million - selling hit , I pointed out to White that EA is bigger than his publisher , THQ .
Could n't that be a problem in 2010 with both THQ and EA putting out MMA games ?
" They 're bigger than THQ , " he said .
" They have been .
Let 's see how they do now .
Their earnings reports just came out and they suck .
This company that used to control the whole video game world and were these big fucking giants , we 'll see where they are in the next two years .
And as as far as the MMA space goes , we 'll kick the living shit out of them . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The animosity White has for EA is n't just due to the current rivalry between his game series and the EA contender .
It 's because he believes , as he has said before , that EA disrespected him and his sport when he pitched the company an MMA game years ago .
Advertisement
" I talked to EA Sports about doing a Mixed Martial Arts game , " he recalled .
" They told us it 's not a real sport .
First of all , they would n't even take a meeting with us .
They told us they would never do a game and now they 're coming out with a fucking game .
Johnny come latelys .
Me-toos . "
EA Sports chief Peter Moore indirectly responded to White 's complaints last summer , saying he long had respect for the sport .
Advertisement
If it 's not clear , ultimate fighting fans , White would rather you did n't buy EA Sports MMA .
" If there 's anybody out there who is a UFC fan , you 're fucking nuts if you buy the EA game . "
Advertisement
UFC Undisputed 2010 , which features slicker combat , more advanced body movement and improved customization options as well as a deeper fighter roster and other improved features , ships on the PlayStation 3 , PSP , and Xbox 360 in May .
Most U.S. voters think it is at least somewhat important for Congress to pass major energy legislation aimed at reducing global warming this year - as long as it does n’t cost them more in taxes and raise their utility bills .
Rasmussen Reports is a media company specializing in the collection , publication and distribution of public opinion information .
We conduct public opinion polls on a variety of topics to inform our audience on events in the news and other topics of interest .
To ensure editorial control and independence , we pay for the polls ourselves and generate revenue through the sale of subscriptions , sponsorships , and advertising .
Nightly polling on politics , business and lifestyle topics provides the content to update the Rasmussen Reports web site many times each day .
If it 's in the news , it 's in our polls .
Additionally , the data drives a daily update newsletter and various media outlets across the country .
Some information , including the Rasmussen Reports daily Presidential Tracking Poll and commentaries are available for free to the general public .
Subscriptions are available for $ 4.95 a month or 34.95 a year that provide subscribers with exclusive access to more than 20 stories per week on upcoming elections , consumer confidence , and issues that affect us all .
For those who are really into the numbers , Platinum Members can review demographic crosstabs and a full history of our data .
To learn more about our methodology , click here .
Twitter today announced plans to add " points of interest " to all tweets , via a " Places " API .
During his keynote address at the Twitter developer conference today , Twitter CEO Evan Williams said that if you were at a museum , you could tweet from the museum and attach your location .
Then you , or anyone else , could click on a map and see all the tweets coming from that spot .
It sounds a lot like Twitter is building the same functionality as startups Foursquare , Gowalla and even Hot Potato .
You 're basically checking in , telling the world where you are and what 's going on .
On stage , Evan tried to preempt this talk , saying , " We 're not trying to duplicate Foursqare and Gowalla , " adding , " What we care about is what is happening in that place .
Not just where you are . "
Reached by email , both Dennis Crowley of Foursquare and Josh Williams of Gowalla told us they do n't see Twitter Places as a threat .
Dennis said , " I 've always thought we were complementary .
We 've been talking with these guys and working with them on ways we can both make better use of the overlap of the focus on location .
Tweeting from a place is different than a checkin .
Lots of products use location to encourage conversation and Twitter entering the space just makes those conversations more interesting . "
Josh agreed , saying , " Gowalla already allows you to push your location to Twitter , and we 're looking to deepen our integration to make sharing place related tags with Twitter even easier .
In fact , I believe a significant portion of place - related tags attached to tweets will ultimately be generated from Gowalla .
We believe there are times that you 're going to want to share where you are in a broad sense through a service like Twitter — and we want to provide the best product to do that with .
Other times , you 're going to want to share with a select group of people — and we want that experience to be remarkable in Gowalla as well . "
See Also : I ’ve Used Foursquare for Three Months And I Am Addicted
Baghdad 's airport is under heightened security and Iraqi pilots are being investigated after an alleged Al Qaeda plot to hijack a plane and fly it into one of Iraq 's shrines in a 9/11 - style attack , Iraq 's foreign minister said Thursday .
" They were either going to hijack some planes abroad - we had tips from Czech ( authorities ) and from Interpol that suspicious Iraqis were trying to intercept a plane ... and ( strike ) some very emotive sacred targets , " Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari told The Christian Science Monitor .
He said the potential targets included shrines in Najaf and Karbala - two of Shiite Islam 's holiest sites which receive thousands of foreign pilgrims a week .
He said the alleged attackers were planning to execute the plan in about 45 to 60 days .
A senior US military official speaking on condition of anonymity said their intelligence indicated that the planes were intended to be hijacked in Baghdad .
He said two Iraqi Airways pilots had been detained for questioning in connection with the alleged plot .
There have been other failed attempts to replicate the 9/11 attacks .
In 2007 , Saudi Arabia said it disrupted an Al Qaeda plot to fly planes into oil refineries in the kingdom .
The Najaf airport has been shut down for almost a week and is expected to reopen by Sunday .
Airspace around the city was also placed off limits to civilian aircraft .
The Baghdad airport was closed for several hours last week and later reopened but remains under heightened security , Mr. Zebari said .
Iraqi officials originally said the closures were needed to repair a problem with radar but later acknowledged it was a security operation .
Background checks
Zebari said Iraqi authorities have run checks on all Iraqi pilots but has not found evidence that any commercial pilots were involved .
" I think the danger may still be there but the government is trying to take every conceivable precaution , " he said , adding that ministries continued to function normally despite political wrangling over forming a new government following elections early last month .
US officials say there appears to have been a plot but that it was believed to be in the early planning stages .
Zebari said alternate plans involved storming the Baghdad airport under the guise of a security convoy or using small crop dusters packed with explosives to crash into either the parliament building , embassies , or other government targets .
Al - Qaeda in Iraq took responsibility for attacks earlier this month on three foreign embassies in Baghdad .
Zebari told the Monitor that Iraqi intelligence failed to prevent the triple suicide bombing .
He said the Interior Ministry had received information two days before that there were attacks planned on embassies but did n't reinforce security at foreign missions because they did not know which ones were being targeted .
More than 30 people were killed in the bombings near the German and Iranian embassies and the Egyptian consulate , including five police and diplomatic security guards .
Zebari said the death toll at the Egyptian consulate would have been far higher had the guards not fired on the approaching vehicle , prompting it to detonate before it reached the building in Baghdad 's upscale Mansour district .
The bombings were the latest in a series of coordinated Al Qaeda attacks aimed at destabilzing the government that began with the bombing of Zebari 's own ministry last August .
" These people will continue to strike at the Shiite - Sunni divide to ignite sectarian tension , and with the political tension this is a viable way for the terrorists to exploit it , " he said .
Meanwhile , Iraqi political parties are still awaiting certification of the election results in order to begin to form alliances for a coalition government .
Some officials say that process could take as long as another four or five months .
“ This is really one of the best boards I ’ve ever been engaged in when it comes to ethics , ” said John Rogers , co-CEO of Chicago - based Ariel Investments .
Beer for Bones
As some of you ( Beer Drinkers ) may have already heard , a new ( ish ) study suggests that beer is a significant source of dietary silicon , a key nutrient for increasing bone mineral density .
Researchers from the Department of Food Science & Technology at the University of California studied commercial beer production to determine the relationship between beer production methods and the resulting silicon ( silica ) content , concluding that beer is a rich source of dietary silicon …
The trick here is to actually dig up the results , without spending a fortune on Science Journal subscriptions !
Details of this study are available in the February issue of the Journal of the Science of Food and Agriculture , published by Wiley - Blackwell on behalf of the Society of Chemical Industry … Unfortunately , for curious Cyclists , amateur Science Buffs , and Librarians , and of course all cash - strapped bonefide Researchers the world over , the Publishing industry behind Science Journals presents a very significant and expensive barrier to the free spread of important information …
Even if the research was publicly funded to begin with !
… So as soon as I can figure out how to access this privileged information , I ’ll be sure to post the details here .
Here ’s what I ’ve been able to glean so far :
Since the bio availability of silica is largely derived from fluids , it ’s been determined that beer is one of the richest sources of silica in the diet .
However , little is known of the relationship between silicon content and beer style and the manner in which beer is produced .
The purpose of this study was to measure silicon in a diversity of beers and ascertain which grist selection and brewing factors that impact the level of silicon obtained in beer .
Commercial beers ranged from 6.4 to 56.5 mg L - 1 in silicon .
Products derived from a grist of barley tended to contain more silicon than did those from a wheat - based grist , likely because of the high levels of silica in the retained husk layer of barley .
Hops contain substantially more silicon than does grain , but quantitatively hops make a much smaller contribution than malt to the production of beer and therefore relatively less silicon in beer derives from them .
During brewing the vast majority of the silicon remains with the spent grains ; however , aggressive treatment during wort production in the brewhouse leads to increased extraction of silicon into wort and much of this survives into beer .
( PARTIAL ) Conclusions :
Water and beer are the best sources ( by far ) fo Silica so , it stands to reason that combining both ( in the form of beer ) is the safest bet
Barley based beer is better , so forget wheat ( weiss / witte ) beer for bone growth )
“ Hoppy ” beers like Pilsners have an added boost of silicon
It ’s not much to go on if you want to treat beer as a dietary supplement ( winks ) , but In the meantime , maybe you have something to add to another concept I ’m researching ….
That Science Journals are a possibly a big part of the problem when it comes to communicating good science to the Public ( hello , ClimateGate ! ) , maintaining a positive PR profile for the entire ( recently sullied ) field of Science , and of course allowing researchers and schools more liberal access to previous work , and thus lowering the cost of better and new research for everyone ….. You can read more HERE
SOURCES :
http://findarticles.com/p/articles/mi_m0887/is_6_21/ai_87852138/
http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2010/02/100208091922.htm
in
" Indifference is the essence of inhumanity "
- George Bernard Shaw
Hey , did you hear the news ?
The Vatican sex abuse scandal is n't really about the tens of thousands of little kids who 've been raped and abused in all sorts of disturbing ways over the years by their friendly neighborhood clergymen .
No , it seems the real issue , at least according to the Vatican and Pope Benedict himself , is the strength and resolve of the Church to not be intimidated by such " petty gossip " .
And , yes , " petty gossip " is indeed the term the Pope used to refer to all of this .
It 's not clear whether he was referring to the Church 's systemic worldwide sheltering and protection of habitual child rapists or just the allegations of his own personal involvement in at least two cases of cover - up in the year 's before he became Pope , but , either way , it 's terrific to see him standing up for the true victims in all of this : the poor maligned leaders of the Catholic Church , himself included .
His exact words , reverberating with indignation for justice not yet achieved , referred to " the courage of not allowing oneself to be intimidated by the petty gossip of dominant opinion " .
Yes , even if that " dominant opinion " insists that sexual abuse of kids is , in fact , really nasty stuff and that obsessively covering - up such abuse is more than just a little repugnant .
" Dominant opinion " be damned , the Pontiff proudly proclaims .
And who else , Gandhi , Mandela and MLK notwithstanding , would take such a courageous stand ?
The Infallible One knows this is all just a nasty smear campaign against the Catholic Church , one that will all die down eventually .
Like when all those dastardly infidels tried to slander the Holy Church over its good work during the Spanish Inquisition .
Or , more recently , when those sinister sinners in Canada tried to victimize the Church by pointing out all the rapes and beatings that had taken place in the Church - run Residential Schools .
Or when those reckless enemies of the faith publicized all those so - called " horrors " that took place for much of the last century in the Church - run schools of Ireland .
How many times can one institution be so unjustly slandered , maligned and victimized ?
A Biblical Explanation
As I 'm sure Christ must have preached time and time again , the most important thing one can do with his or her life is to work towards the preservation of the Church 's reputation .
Real abuse and suffering is neither here nor there , but perceived scandal , now that 's what really pisses the Almighty off like nothing else you can imagine .
And did n't Christ also say something to the effect of " let he who has not buggered , or at the very least fondled , a young child himself cast the first stone " ?
Which perhaps explains why , until recently , few stones have ever been cast when it came to punishing the actions of pedophile priests .
Either way , what did you expect the Church to do , call the cops or something ?
Or remove the accused priests from positions of power over kids ?
Let 's be realistic here .
Besides , these priests were simply trying to get close to these kids because they had read that the meek were going to inherit the earth and they wanted to be close to them when it happened .
Can you really blame them ?
But back to the main point at hand here , how dare the media report such lies ?
Or , if not lies , at least things the Pope does n't want people to hear ?
Has n't this great institution , this Holy See , suffered enough already ?
Come on , people , ca n't we all just get along and return to those happier days of centuries past , when kids took their buggering silently , no one ever even thought of embarrassing the Church ( and not simply due to the fact that they'd be burnt at the stake ) , and none of us had to concern ourselves with such ignoble " petty gossip " .
Ah , the good ol ' days .
Such simpler times .
Mike Cowie ( Oredakedo )
Tuesday , March 30th , 2010
For another recent piece on religion try this : Freakin' Fundamentalists : Stonings Here , Lashings
There , Misogyny Everywhere
Or this : Fightback & Counterattack : Vatican Says Church Sex Abuse of Kids Not Really Pedophilia
Or , if you 're more in the mood for a good laugh , watch this hilarious clip : Traditional Biblical Marriage Explained ( by the great Betty Bowers )
For more on Religion click here : Religion
Or for something a bit different try this : Biggest Dicks of The Decade : 2000 - 2009
And for lots more on politics of all types visit the Politics Homepage
Psychedelic Information Theory : Chapter 01
The Value of Psychedelic Information
A text called  Psychedelic Information Theory  raises the question ,  What is Psychedelic Information , and why should we care ? 
Generally speaking , psychedelic information is any information created in the mind of the subject during a psychedelic experience .
Psychedelic information is generated spontaneously in reaction to the psychedelic catalyst .
Usually the subject has no control over the information generated in a psychedelic experience .
Psychedelic information is often previously unknown to the subject and may appear to originate from an external source or materialize out of thin air .
Psychedelic information usually takes the form of visual , audio , and sensory hallucination , but can also be abstract or gestalt in nature .
Finally , psychedelic information also applies to any works of art or concepts that originate from or evoke psychedelic experience .
This text focuses primarily on the physiological process underlying the spontaneous generation of psychedelic information , and how that information influences both personal and cultural identity .
The fact that psychedelic information makes its way into popular culture is proof that humans find the psychedelic experience valuable , but it is still ambiguous if psychedelics add any real value to culture .
Research has shown that spiders are affected by psychedelics , 1 as are rats , 2 cats , 3 monkeys , 4 and so on .
However , there is little evidence that information other than noise is generated during psychedelic episodes in animals ; the experience does not mean anything beyond a specific derangement of the senses .
In contrast , the human adaptation to translate subjective experience into meaningful narrative is uniquely exploited by psychedelics .
Psychedelics target perception , memory , and the complex emotions attached to symbols and concepts ; the core functions humans rely on to formulate belief .
Because of this exploit , the result of the psychedelic catalyst in humans is the spontaneous generation of meaningful eidetic information which is then imprinted into semantic memory .
Any perceptual system can have a psychedelic experience , 5 but it takes abstract thinking and the interconnection between symbols , concepts , and emotions to make psychedelic information meaningful .
Thus , the psychedelic experience does not create information in all forms of consciousness ; the psychedelic experience only generates meaningful information in systems of consciousness with the capacity for abstract reasoning via symbolic logic and emotional attachment .
Presumably any conscious system which emulates the functions of human abstract reasoning will also similarly generate meaningful information during a psychedelic experience .
The Value of Information
Within the set of information valuable to humans there are domains of descending importance .
First there is information valuable to all organisms ( biological information ) , then there is information valuable to all humans ( species information ) , then there is information valuable only to a specific local group of humans ( cultural information ) , and then there is information valuable only to a single human ( personal information ) .
All biological information and the most important bits of species information are genetic and are preserved through natural selection .
Within the domain of human species importance there is also technological information ( such as fire , tools , language , music , agriculture , science , etc. ) which are culturally agnostic and serve the needs of the entire species equally .
Technological information of species - level importance is equated with high value and will be adopted by all cultures over a short period .
Species - level information has high durability and changes very slowly over time .
Cultural information falls in the category of language - based memes and regional or tribal traditions .
Cultural information may be shared across cultures or may be restricted to a specific region or subculture .
Cultural information is considered to be of medium value , low durability , and changes rapidly over time as the memes and traditions of culture change .
Religion and artwork are examples of cultural information that typically only have value to their culture of origin , but occasionally ascend to species - level importance .
Finally there is personal information , which is valuable only to a single individual .
Personal information changes rapidly , is subject to experience and whim , and is only useful over the lifetime of the organism .
Personal information has very low durability and low overall value .
The Value of Psychedelic Information
Psychedelic information is generated within the domain of the personal ; yet many people who take psychedelics perceive the information as having species - level importance .
There are a few reasons for this phenomena .
The first , and easiest , is that psychedelics create states of mania and delusions of grandeur in which the subject feels that he or she is the most brilliant person on the planet , or that they are receiving supernatural prophecy .
Secondly , the subject may experience archetypal visions or sensations of transcendence that are perceived to be of high religious or mystical importance .
Thirdly , the subject may experience a deconstruction of consciousness associated with animal consciousness , reptilian consciousness , plant consciousness , the Gaian mind , genetic - level intelligence , or deep species memory ; information perceived to be of value to all humans or all living creatures .
Because psychedelics produce all of these experiences they are routinely perceived as being of high value to the entire species .
Psychedelics are obviously useful in the domain of the personal ; shamanism and psychedelic therapy rely on the information function of psychedelics to diagnose and heal .
In the cultural domain psychedelics can be employed in ritual to build strong religious or tribal groups ; they can be used in healing or sorcery ; or they can be a catalyst for innovation and creative expression .
Beyond this their value is ambiguous .
There are some debates to be made in this area , such as pointing out that Francis Crick envisioned the spiral structure of DNA after he ingested LSD,6 or that LSD helped Kary Mullis think up the PCR process that earned him a Nobel Prize in genetics .
7,8
To counter these arguments , both Crick and Mullis had been studying molecular biology for years trying to crack those very problems ; LSD cannot take credit for anything more than helping Crick and Mullis organize their thoughts in a new way .
We can point to great discoveries as examples of psychedelic information , but only a tiny fraction of all psychedelic information can claim this level of importance .
Worse than this , erroneous psychedelic information claiming species - level importance has negative cultural value and dilutes the overall information marketplace , making psychedelic information almost statistically worthless .
9
Probability dictates that most psychedelic information will have little or moderate value , and that the rare piece of psychedelic information will have extreme negative or positive value .
It also follows logically that the more times a subject takes psychedelics the more likely they will generate information of high positive or negative value .
Similarly , the more often a subject takes psychedelics the more likely they are to latch onto and subsequently reinforce information of high perceived value , either positive or negative .
In this case the psychedelic becomes an information imprinting tool .
In psychedelic imprinting the information is always subjectively perceived to be of high value , even if it is of low or negative cultural value .10
Negative and Positive Information Value
It is easy to demonstrate that psychedelic information has value ; cultures that use psychedelics as sacraments place high value on the information they receive ; people will trade hard - earned cash for a psychedelic experience .
But because the quality of psychedelic information has such a wide range it is easy to perceive psychedelics as having no value or , in the argument of prohibition , negative value .
Psychedelic information with negative value can be described as that which is delusional , paranoid , false , or subverts the health of the individual or society .
Negative psychedelic experiences , or bummers , are a commonly reported element of the psychedelic experience , but this does not necessarily make the information negative .
Some users claim that negative experiences have value because they provide emotional insight ; others report that negative psychedelic experiences cause permanent psychological damage , which is extremely negative .
In rare cases people act out and harm themselves or commit suicide on psychedelics .
Obviously these are extreme examples of negative value , and these extreme examples are usually linked to mixing drugs , drug binging , or overdosing .
There is an optimal dose range for any psychedelic substance ; reports of negative effects go up once the optimal dose range is surpassed .
11
Conversely , there is a range of psychedelic experience that is just as extreme but positive in value ; the spiritual or therapeutic or entheogenic experience that adds value to the user and their culture .
Having an extremely positive psychedelic experience does not happen by accident ; there is nuance involved in getting the proper dose , finding the right setting , and so on .
By contrast , having a negative psychedelic experience is almost always an accident due to improper dose or setting .
Therefore , the positive value of a psychedelic experience can be predicted and controlled up to a certain dose range , but beyond that the potential positive value drops and potential negative value increases .
Shamanism , or the practice of using psychedelics in ritual , employs specialized techniques to guide psychedelic information along desired pathways .
Influencing and imprinting psychedelic information along positive pathways is perceived as spiritual , enlightening , and therapeutic ; influencing or imprinting psychedelic information along negative pathways is perceived as mind control , black magic , or sorcery .
Although the value of psychedelic information generated in any single episode is ambiguous , the practice of shamanism is a durable technology with species - wide application .
Thus , shamanism is a technological subset of psychedelic information with high value to the entire species , even though the practice of shamanism can be employed to both positive or negative effect .
« Previous Chapter | Contents | Next Chapter »
Notes and References
[ 1 ] Christiansen A , Baum R , Witt P , ' Changes In Spider Webs Brought About By Mescaline , Psilocybin And An Increase In Body Weight ' .
JPET April 1962 vol.136 no.1 31-37 .
[ 2 ] Butters , Nelson , ' The effect of LSD - 25 on spatial and stimulus perseverative tendencies in rats ' .
Psychopharmacology , Volume 8 , Number 6 / November , 1966
[ 3 ] Trulson M , Howell G , ' Ontogeny of the behavioral effects of lysergic acid diethylamide in cats ' .
Developmental Psychobiology Volume 17 Issue 4 , Pages 329 - 346
[ 4 ] Jarvik M , Chorover S , ' Impairment by lysergic acid diethylamide of accuracy in performance of a delayed alternation test in monkeys ' .
Psychopharmacology , Volume 1 , Number 3 / May , 1960
[ 5 ]
See " What is Consciousness ? "
[ 6 ]
Rees , Alun , ' Nobel Prize genius Crick was high on LSD when he discovered the secret of life ' .
Mail on Sunday , 8 August 2004 .
[ 7 ]
Mullis , Kary , ' Dancing Naked in the Mind Field ' .
Vintage , NY , 2000 .
[ 8 ] Rabinow , Paul , ' Making PCR : a story of biotechnology ' .
University of Chicago Press , 1996
[ 9 ]
The psychedelic community produces a new guru with a " world - shaking " prophecy every decade or so , and the cultural contributions of these gurus trends from pseudo - scientific to outright fantastical .
It is often difficult to tell if the actual contributions of psychedelic celebrities outweigh the more nonsensical memes they propagate .
[ 10 ] Psychedelic imprinting can take many forms , and in some cases negative information can be imprinted into identity .
Brainwashing is the act of imprinting another person against their will , which is viewed as negative .
Self - brainwashing is the act of imprinting yourself with negative information either by choice or error .
In self - brainwashing negative information typically assumes explicit paranoid or messianic themes .
Extreme cases of psychedelic self - brainwashing will mimic elements of psychosis and persistent delusional disorder .
See " Psychedelic Neuroplasticity " .
[ 11 ]
Hasler F , Grimberg U , Benz M , Huber T , Vollenweider F , ' Acute psychological and physiological effects of psilocybin in healthy humans : a double - blind , placebo - controlled dose - effect study ' .
Psychopharmacology , Volume 172 , Number 2 / March , 2004
Citation : Kent , James L. Psychedelic Information Theory : Shamanism in the Age of Reason , Chapter 01 , ' The Value of Psychedelic Information ' .
PIT Press , Seattle , 2010 .
Keywords : psychedelic , information
Copyright : © James L. Kent , 2010 .
Some Rights Reserved .
Please read copyright information before reproducing .
The first name on the sign - in sheet for Tuesday night 's adult pick - up hockey at the Pelham Ice Rink had to be a joke , right ?
" What idiot signed in as
? " the next guy in line wanted to know .
Turns out , the " idiot " actually was Afinogenov , the 30 - year - old right - winger for the NHL Atlanta Thrashers , three - time Russian Olympian , and seven - time member of the Russian National Team that is competing in the IIHF World Championships next month in Germany .
The man known in hockey as " Mad Max " for his blazing speed up and down the ice has been in Birmingham all week with his girlfriend , Elena Dementieva , the top - ranked tennis player on the Russian team that plays the United States in a Fed Cup semifinal match that begins today at the Birmingham - Jefferson Convention Complex Arena .
But with the Thrashers ' season over and training camp coming up for the Russian National Team , the Moscovite was looking for some ice time .
Jeff Cheeseman , director of hockey for the Pelham Civic Center , could n't believe it when he got the call from Afinogenov 's agent .
" His agent said he wanted to skate , " Cheeseman said .
" So I told her we had an adult pick - up game on Tuesday nights , and ( Afinogenov ) showed up .
We limit the number of players , so you have to sign in and pay $ 10 .
I made sure his name was first on the list . "
But no , he did n't make Afinogenov pay the $ 10 .
" He was very professional , sharing the puck and everything , " Cheeseman said .
" Then I told him we have a little better level of competition on Thursday nights with BASH ( Birmingham Area Select Hockey ) .
These are guys who played college or minor league , a few of the old Birmingham Bulls .
" As a general rule , we do n't allow drop-ins .
We made an exception . "
The biggest problem Thursday turned out to be which team Afinogenov played with .
He started out on the Black team and within 10 minutes the score was 7 - 2 , with Afinogenov scoring all seven goals -- " the quickest paced 10 minutes we 've ever played , " Cheeseman said .
At that point he was " traded " to the White team , which wound up winning , 16 - 13 .
" Of the 29 goals , Maxim scored 17 , including the last three after it was tied , 13 - 13 , " Cheeseman said .
" And he did n't come off the ice in either the second or third periods .
He told us he was looking for conditioning .
And besides , who was going to tell him to come off ? "
Afinogenov , attending the Fed Cup pairings announcement at the Botanical Gardens on Friday , smiled when asked about the game and said , " It was a lot of fun . "
This being hockey , you know someone had to try to take the Russian on .
" Not one guy walked away without saying they went after him , " Cheeseman said .
" One of the guys asked me , ' What do you think would happen if I give him a shoulder ? '
I said , ' The guy plays in the same league with ( well known NHL tough guy ) Chris Pronger .
I think he can take a shoulder from you . " '
Afterward , Afinogenov hung around in the locker room talking .
Word got out and kids started showing up with jerseys , sticks , and pictures hastily downloaded off the Internet .
Afinogenov signed them all , and went out of his way to thank the guys for letting him play .
Any time , they told him .
Any time at all .
The district police boss Herbert Khaemba , confirmed the Saturday night incident and said the poachers , suspected to be Tanzanian nationals , were shot dead at Kuranze area , Kasigahu location in Tsavo West National Park .
The killings comes barely a week after KWS personnel arrested another poacher and recovered two rifles and three rounds of ammunition at Galana Ranch in the Southern part of Tsavo East National Park in the on - going onslaught on poaching activities in the area .
Khaemba said the rangers on patrol challenged the poachers to surrender but they started shooting at them ( rangers ) who , in turn , shot back killing three of the poachers .
The warden said by the time the poachers were killed , they had already felled three jumbos .
“ We had earlier discovered three elephant carcasses without ivory and we highly suspect the gang was behind the killing , ” he added .
KWS Director Mr. Julius Kipngetich holding seized Ivory
Skin and Bones remain from poached Elephant in Tsavo
To Read the Full Article … Click Here
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Arizona ’s mammoth hunters — out with a whimper or a bang ?
A team of researchers from the University of Arizona has revisited evidence pointing to a cataclysmic event thought by many scientists to have wiped out the North American megafauna – such as mammoths , saber tooth cats , giant ground sloths and Dire wolves – along with the Clovis hunter - gatherer culture some 13,000 years ago .
The team obtained their findings following an unusual , multidisciplinary approach and published them in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( PNAS ) .
" The idea of an extraterrestrial impact driving the Pleistocene extinction event has recently caused a stir in the scientific community , " said C. Vance Haynes , a professor emeritus at UA ’s School of Anthropology and the department of geosciences , who is the study ’s lead author .
" We systematically revisited the evidence for an impact scenario and discovered it just does not hold up . "
Haynes has dedicated his scientific career to the study of the Clovis people – the first well - defined culture in the New World – and discovered many sites with evidence of their presence in Arizona .
One of the most prominent and most studied of those sites is the Murray Springs Clovis site in southeastern Arizona , where archaeologists and anthropologists have unearthed hundreds of artifacts such as arrowheads , spear points and stone tools .
The site includes the remains of a Clovis hunters ’ camp close to a mammoth and a bison kill site , allowing the researchers to reconstruct the daily life of the Clovis culture to a certain extent .
When the last ice age came to an end approximately 13,000 years ago and the glaciers covering a large portion of the North American continent began melting and retreating toward the north , a sudden cooling period known as the " Big Freeze " or , more scientifically , the Younger Dryas , reversed the warming process and caused glaciers to expand again .
Even though this cooling period lasted only for 1,300 years , a blink of an eye in geologic timeframes , it witnessed the disappearance of an entire fauna of large mammals .
The big question , according to Haynes , is ‘ Why did those animals go extinct in a very short geological timeframe ? ’ "
" When you go out and look at the sediments deposited during that time , you see this black layer we call the Black Mat .
It contains the fossilized remains of a massive algae bloom , indicating a short period of water table rise and cool climate that kept the moisture in the soil .
Below the Black Mat , you find all kinds of fossils from mammoths , bison , mastodons , Dire wolves and so forth , but when you look right above it – nothing . "
Scientists have suggested several scenarios to account for the rapid Pleistocene extinction event .
Some ascribe it to the rapid shift toward a cooler and dryer during the " Big Freeze , " causing widespread droughts .
Haynes disagrees .
" We find evidence of big changes in climate throughout the geologic record that were not associated with widespread extinctions . "
Others have blamed the demise of the North American megafauna on pathogens brought onto the North American continent by animals from the Old World crossing the Bering Strait .
" The disease hypothesis does not hold up well in the light of natural selection and evolution , " Haynes said , " because some individuals would have been immune to the pathogens and survived . "
The two attempts to account for the mass extinction event prevailing at this point include humans and celestial bodies .
Many deem it possible that humans such as the Clovis culture hunted the Pleistocene mammals to extinction , as proposed by UA Professor Emeritus Paul S. Martin .
Alternatively , it is thought that a comet or asteroid slammed into the glaciers covering the Great Lakes area , unleashing firestorms that consumed large portions of vegetation .
In addition , the dust and molten rock kicked up high into the atmosphere during the impact could have shrouded the Earth in a nuclear winter - like blanket of airborne dust , blocking sunlight and causing temperatures to plummet .
In the present study , Haynes and his coworkers set out to put the evidence for an impact scenario to the test : Unusually high concentrations of spherical magnetic particles in the soil samples taken at the Murray Springs Clovis site had been interpreted as indication of an extraterrestrial source .
Another hint in this direction was a spike in the Black Mat ’s iridium content – an element rarely encountered on Earth but quite abundant in meteorites .
In addition , the occurrence of nanodiamonds had been suggested as evidence of an extraterrestrial origin .
Finally , a supposedly abundant charcoal content in the soil samples had been cited as evidence of widespread wildfires ravaging the land in the aftermath of the impact .
To ensure their samples were comparable , Haynes collected at the same locations in the Black Mat layer as the team proposing the impact scenario : " I sampled where they sampled and at the same times they sampled . "
Using highly sensitive and sophisticated analytical methods , Haynes ’ coworkers at the department of geosciences and UA ’s Lunar and Planetary Lab then analyzed their samples for the evidence that had been presented in support of the impact scenario .
The team did find abundant magnetic spherules .
But where did they come from ?
Was a meteorite the only possible source ?
" Researchers have only begun to study those magnetic spherules recently , so we still do n’t know much about them , " Haynes said .
" What we do know is that they occur in exhaust from vehicles and power plants . "
To determine whether the magnetic spherules found at Murray Springs could be of terrestrial origin , Haynes followed a tip from UA Geosciences Professor Anthony Jull , who suggested taking a sample of dirt from the rooftop of his house and examining it under the microscope .
Haynes remembers looking at the soil samples on a microscope slide , and " sure enough , there they were – among all the dust and grains and grit , they appeared like tiny , shiny ball bearings . "
" We did confirm the other authors ’ findings that the magnetic spherules are concentrated in the samples at the Clovis site , but when you study the topography on which the sediments were laid down , you immediately see why : Rainwater washed them down into a river bed , where they accumulated over time .
Since this is where the samples with the increased spherule content came from , we were not surprised to find more of the spherules there .
The samples we took from the slopes do not have higher than normal concentrations of spherules . "
What about the charcoal indicating vegetation burning ?
" The only places we found charcoal were the campsites of the Clovis people , where they build their fires . "
But where could the nanodiamonds come from ?
Again , Haynes ’ colleague , Anthony Jull , had the answer .
A common ingredient of cosmic dust , nanodiamonds are constantly raining down onto the earth ’s surface , rendering them unsuitable as unequivocal evidence of an extraterrestrial impact .
" Something happened 13,000 years ago that we do not understand , " said Haynes .
" What we can say , though , is that all of the evidence put forth in support of the impact scenario can be sufficiently explained by earthly causes such as climate change , overhunting or a combination of both . "
Does this mean the results obtained by Haynes and his coworkers rule out the possibility of a cosmic event ?
" No , it doesn’t , " Haynes said .
" It just does n’t make it very likely . "
Tax Day Freebies Posted by Sean @ 15:22 GMT
Google 's Online Security Blog had a very interesting post yesterday regarding fake antivirus .
Google has been working to protect their users since March 2007 , when they first discovered fake AV .
( We , and other security vendors , have been writing about the issue of rogues since at least July 2006 . )
Google performed a 13 month study and " uncovered over 11,000 domains involved in Fake AV distribution — or , roughly 15 % of the [ overall ] malware domains " that were detected during the period .
Hopefully the research will be useful in combating the fake antivirus Search Engine Optimization ( SEO ) attacks that currently plague Google 's real - time results .
Today , for example , is April 15th , tax day in the USA .
So what happens if you search for " tax day freebies 2010 " using Google ?
Yep .
You 'll find rogues and fake antivirus attacks on the first page of results .
Here 's a short flash video we made demonstrating the issue :
" tax day freebies 2010 "
Generally , clicking on any of the links in Google Trends is an easy way to locate fake antivirus .
We have n't done a 13 month study , but Bing 's results appear to be safer .
Cows from Normandy enjoy the ideal terroir for producing great milk .
The damp , mild climate and rich volcanic soil produce lush grass and herbs which impart luxurious flavor to the milk .
Photo by Evan Dempsey | THE NIBBLE .
Brie Or Camembert :
Page 1 : Two Great French Cheeses
This is Page 1 of a four - page article .
Click on the black links below to visit other pages .
Overview
Ask anyone about French cheeses , and sooner or later ( probably sooner ) Brie and Camembert will come up in the conversation .
Both are bloomy - rinded , aged ( though not for very long ) semi - soft fromages , with reputations for being among the crown jewels of French cheeses .
The differences between the two can be subtle , especially to an untrained palate , but this is not remarkable when you consider that Brie and Camembert are made from the same exact “ recipe , ” a fact unknown to many .
The variations in the two come about from their sizes and their different terroirs , a French word meaning something akin to “ sense of place . ”
Often used in wine terminology , terroir accounts for the characteristics a particular geographic region imparts to a food , be it coffee , wine or cheese .
But let ’s take a closer look .
( Also see our separate article , The Differences Between Brie & Camembert . )
Origin Of Camembert
The most common legend about Camembert ’s history involves a woman named Marie Harel , a farmer in the village of Camembert , in the Normandy region of France , who was hiding a priest during the French Revolution .
Supposedly , Madame Harel invented Camembert in 1791 , with the help of the priest she saved from the guillotine .
Despite her heroics , it is more likely that Madame Harel had nothing to do with the cheese ’s invention , although she may have improved Camembert with some tip passed along to her by the priest .
Camembert was known to exist in the Normandy region as early as 1680 .
There is some speculation that Camembert may have been a blue cheese originally , and that the cheese ’s characteristics changed over time until it evolved into what we know today .
Curdle .
To make Camembert , whole , raw milk from Normandy cows is curdled with rennet , then gently hand - ladled into small , individual molds without breaking the curd .
Camembert curd is customarily shaped in disks of 4.5 inches in diameter , 1.5 inches thick , about 8 ounces ( 250g ) in weight .
Five ladling passes are necessary to fill each mold ; supposedly , this helps give Camembert its creamy texture .
To make Camembert , whole , raw milk from Normandy cows is curdled with rennet , then gently hand - ladled into small , individual molds without breaking the curd .
Camembert curd is customarily shaped in disks of 4.5 inches in diameter , 1.5 inches thick , about 8 ounces ( 250g ) in weight .
Five ladling passes are necessary to fill each mold ; supposedly , this helps give Camembert its creamy texture .
Mold .
The curds are then gently leveled in the mold and the cheeses are allowed to drain for some four or five hours , after which they ’re turned over for further draining .
The curds are then gently leveled in the mold and the cheeses are allowed to drain for some four or five hours , after which they ’re turned over for further draining .
Salt .
The next day , the cheeses are removed from their molds and go into a salting room , where a special “ dry ” salt ( “ sel sec , ” in French ) is applied to them .
Camembert and its familiar round box , which was invented by an engineer to enable transport of the delicate cheese .
Photo courtesy CaviarRusse.com .
Coat .
The cheeses are then coated with Penicillium candidum mold and placed on shelves to age .
During the entire process , the temperature of the milk is not permitted to rise above 98.6 °F ( 37°C ) .
No milk powder or concentrated milk can be added .
The law must be followed to the letter , for a cheese to be called Camembert .
Read more about AOC designation , below .
How Camembert Spread Beyond Normandy
Camembert de Normandie , as the genuine article is called , remained a local product until the late 1800s , when a French engineer surnamed Ridel invented the thin , round , wooden boxes in which all Camemberts are now packaged .
Camembert ’s reputation resulted in increased demand , but the cheeses were fragile and suffered during transport .
These boxes made distribution of Camembert to other regions in Europe ( via the new steamboats and railway systems ) much easier .
Accordingly , production increased as well ( other countries began to produce Camembert , too ) .
After World War II , much of Camembert production became industrialized , resulting in a bland , inferior - quality product .
AOC Designation Arrives
Finally , in the 1980s , Camembert was awarded an AOC distinction .
AOC stands for “ Appellation d’Origine Controlée . ”
This government designation is a guarantee that any cheese bearing it was made in a specific region using only approved methods of production .
In other words , real Camembert can only be made in one area of France , via strictly - regulated procedures .
Confusingly , the name “ Camembert ” itself is not protected , so you ’ll see pasteurized milk “ Camembert ” sold as well as “ Camembert ” from both the U.S. and Italy .
Only the raw milk variety has AOC designation ; pasteurized Camemberts do not .
Unfortunately for American consumers , true Camembert ( always made with raw milk ) is simply unavailable in the U.S.
Why ?
It must be made with raw ( unpasteurized ) milk , and any cheese made with raw milk must be aged at least sixty days before it can be sold in the U.S .
The difficulty is that raw milk Camembert wo n’t last that long .
It ’s aged for just two or three weeks and is at its best thirty or thirty - five days after it ’s made ; this stage of perfect ripeness and ideal eating quality is called “ a point ” ( pronounced ah PWAHN ) in France .
Sixty - day - old Camembert would look and smell like something a chemical company was trying to hide .
There are pasteurized Camemberts sold in the U.S. , and they are tasty .
They just lack the range of complexity of the raw milk cheese .
Read a discussion of raw milk cheese .
Here ’s more on the controversy over pasteurized Camembert from
The New York Times and cheese authority Rob Kaufelt .
Continue To Page 2 : Brie
Go To The Article Index Above
Lifestyle Direct , Inc .
All rights reserved .
Images are the copyright of their respective owners .
The Vatican was last night at the centre of an unusually public sex scandal after acknowledging it had suspended a senior official who was filmed apparently propositioning a young man in his office .
Monsignor Tommaso Stenico , a capo ufficio , or section head , at the Vatican ministry responsible for the clergy , insisted yesterday he was not gay .
He said he had posed as a homosexual to research a plot by satanists .
The affair is the latest of several indications that the traditional immunity enjoyed by the Catholic church in Italy over sex scandals is gradually giving way .
The Pope 's spokesman , Father Federico Lombardi , said on Saturday he was unable to deny rumours that the Vatican had suspended one of its top bureaucrats following a report shown on Italian television .
A few hours later a website identified the official as Mgr Stenico , a 60 - year - old official who ranks joint third in the hierarchy of his department , known as the Congregation for the Clergy .
A programme broadcast on October 1 by La7 - the only national channel not owned by Silvio Berlusconi or the state - included a sequence it said had been filmed secretly in a Vatican office .
The six - minute sequence was said to have been captured by a young man who had come into contact with a Vatican official via an internet chatroom .
He was invited to have sado - masochistic sex and arrangements were made for a meeting in St Peter 's Square .
Unknown to the older man , the other man , who said he wanted to expose the hypocrisy of the Catholic church , arrived equipped with concealed video and audio recording equipment .
Television viewers saw the Vatican official sit alongside his guest and say : " You 're very good - looking . "
" Thank you , " replied the younger man , before putting it to his host that he was about to commit a sin .
" I do n't feel it is a sin , " said the official .
When the other man insisted that it was at odds with the teaching of the church , the Vatican official brought the conversation to an abrupt end .
When his guest bade farewell , saying " It 's been a pleasure , " the Vatican official replied : " Not for me , because you do n't fancy me . "
Mgr Stenico acknowledged in several Italian media interviews yesterday that he had been suspended .
But he told the Corriere della Sera newspaper that he " wanted to carry out a study , probably for publication " .
He said he was a registered psychologist and psychotherapist and his aim had been " to study how priests are ensnared " .
He added : " I really believe that there is a diabolic plan by satanist groups who take aim at priests . "
Father Lombardi said the Vatican had to act with the decisiveness and severity called for by behaviour incompatible with priestly service and the Holy See.
Mgr Stenico 's case is expected to be judged by a special tribunal of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith .
It is the latest of several recent embarrassments for the Catholic church in Italy .
One of its best - known priests , renowned for his care of drug addicts , is being investigated for sex abuse .
And prosecutors in both Turin and Siena are looking into claims of sex abuse and financial wrongdoing by senior church officials .
The volcano in Iceland keeps producing eye - popping effects .
Now that the ash is n’t spewing quite so dramatically , the mouth of the volcano itself is visible .
Here ’s close - up aerial footage of the crater at Eyjafjallajokull , with glowing red lava and shockwaves of the eruptions in the ash cloud .
Incredible .
If you have n’t yet seen images taken by Astronomer Snaevarr Gudmundsson from Iceland , he was just a few kilometers away from the volcano last Saturday , at the height of the action — including lighting in the plume .
So check them out .
There are many other great images on across the webs — take a look at The Daily Mail website of the eruption with a unique backdrop of a stunning aurora , or these on Discovery News .
Anyone wanting or already in the process of redesigning their multi- level home should take a look at these cool staircases , which break away from the standard design and add some creative flair .
Continue reading to see them all .
[ via Toxel ]
BERLIN ( Reuters ) - The Regensburg diocese in Pope Benedict ’s native Bavaria confirmed new allegations of child sexual abuse against four priests and two nuns on Monday , in the latest cases damaging the Catholic Church ’s image in Germany .
The diocese vowed to hand any concrete criminal evidence to the public prosecutor , even though the statute of limitations has expired .
Those suspected of sexual abuse will be suspended pending the investigation , it added .
“ The work over the past two weeks has shown us the grave injustice committed by clergy members .
Our sympathy goes out to the victims of these crimes and their families .
We deeply regret what the clergy and church workers did to these children and young people and ask for forgiveness , ” the diocese said .
One of the four priests resides in Regensburg , and the dioceses of the three others have been informed of the charges , the Church statement said .
The nuns suffer from dementia and are barely responsive , it added .
Most of the alleged incidents occurred in the 1970s , though one was in 1984 , it said .
The new allegations follow a series of allegations of sexual and physical abuse at the cathedral choir in Regensburg , the Benedictine monastery school at Ettal and a Capucian school in Burghausen that have come to light in recent weeks .
More than 250 people are alleged to have been abused at church - run schools in recent decades , German media reports say .
NAZI COMPARISON BACKFIRES
Also in Regensburg , Bishop Gerhard Ludwig Mueller came under fire for a sermon on Saturday that appeared to compare critical media coverage of the abuse scandal in Germany to Nazi propaganda campaigns against the church .
Speaking at the 100 - year anniversary of the German Catholic Women ’s League , Mueller said that over 1,000 local Catholics , mostly women , had demonstrated against Nazi injustice in 1941 and such courage was needed again to counter today ’s media .
“ Now we are again witnessing a campaign against the church , ” he said .
“ The aim is to undermine the church ’s credibility . ”
Charlotte Knobloch , president of the Central Council of Jews in Germany , called his account of heroic resistance to the Nazis a “ falsification of history . ”
Hans - Ulrich Pfaffmann , a Social Democrat in Bavaria ’s state assembly , called the bishop ’s comments a “ kick in the face ” to abuse victims .
The diocese has accused state - run Bavarian radio , which first reported the story , of distorting the sermon .
Mueller ’s blast at the media echoed similar criticisms in Italy and Ireland as daily reports on discoveries of new abuse charges have put the church increasingly on the defensive .
The abuse charges in Regensburg are particularly sensitive because German - born Pope Benedict taught theology there from 1969 to 1977 .
His brother , Rev. Georg Ratzinger , has admitted to slapping boys in the Regensburg choir he once led .
On Saturday , Pope Benedict apologized to Irish sexual abuse victims in an official letter but stopped short of addressing charges in his native Germany or other countries , disappointing many German Catholics hoping for at least a brief comment .
( Image : © Scott McIntosh , Bart De Pontieu , Viggo Hansteen and Karel Schrijver / UCAR .
Permission granted for noncommercial , non-profit research or educational purposes only .
Contact UCAR for permissions regarding additional use . )
New imagery of the sun is revealing the complex dynamics of its surface and corona .
Here , an image of the solar chromosphere showing a " hedgerow " of spicules , or jets of dense plasma that shoot up from the chromosphere .
Scientists think that certain types of spicules may help explain why the Sun 's atmosphere is too hot .
This Behind the Scenes article was provided to LiveScience in partnership with the National Science Foundation .
The 2006 launch of the multinational Hinode satellite changed the picture of the Sun for astrophysicists .
For two astrophysicists in particular , the resulting imagery offered a voyage of discovery and the thrill of unraveling a long - held solar mystery .
Earth 's atmosphere can obscure the view of unaided ground - based telescopes , but , unimpeded by this problem , the high - resolution telescope flying on Hinode captures images of the Sun in unparalleled detail .
It is in these new images that Scott McIntosh , Bart De Pontieu , Viggo Hansteen and Karel Schrijver found the first tantalizing clues that led them to a new way of considering why the solar corona is millions of degrees hotter than the Sun 's visible surface .
" Among the regions observed by Hinode is the solar chromosphere , the area separating the Sun 's surface — the photosphere — from its extended atmosphere , the corona , " explained McIntosh , an astrophysicist working at the NSF - funded National Center for Atmospheric Research 's High Altitude Observatory .
Intuitively , the Sun 's atmosphere should get cooler with distance from the Sun 's surface , but reality does n't match supposition .
Using Hinode imagery , De Pontieu , a scientist at Lockheed Martin 's Solar and Astrophysics Laboratory , McIntosh , and colleagues discovered in the Hinode imagery a new type of spicule .
" Classic " Type - I spicules are jets of dense plasma that shoot up from the chromosphere and , more often than not , return along the same path , said McIntosh .
The " Type - II " spicules , which McIntosh and De Pontieu have recently dubbed " radices , " are hotter , shorter lived and faster moving than their Type - I brethren .
" In the Hinode imagery , " added McIntosh , " the radices appeared to shoot upward and disappear , often moving at speeds in excess of 100 kilometers per second .
These jets likely contain plasma that ranges in temperature from 10,000 to several million degrees Celsius , and have a life span of no more than 10 to 100 seconds .
While astrophysicists , including NCAR founder , Walter Orr Roberts , have long studied Type I spicules , it is known that the material in them does not reach typical coronal temperatures — about 1 million degrees — eliminating a connection to coronal heating . "
But it was only during a 2008 scientific meeting about Hinode — when a colleague discussed seeing a subtle 100 - plus kilometer per second upward velocity component in a coronal region with a strong magnetic field — that De Pontieu and McIntosh caught each other 's eye , thinking exactly the same thing : were they possibly seeing evidence of radices reaching coronal temperatures ?
Together , they searched for the " ideal " Hinode data set , one in which they were able to trace the columns of plasma ejected from the chromosphere into the corona .
Upon identifying the data , each approached the task from a different perspective .
In comparing their results , they realized that the locations of the radices and the upward velocity signatures seen in the corona were the same .
They also found that the velocities of the chromospheric jets and those of the coronal events matched extremely well .
" This evidence indicates that radices may play an important role in supplying and replenishing the hot mass of the solar corona and wind , explaining the temperature differential between corona and photosphere , " McIntosh said .
" Our calculations indicate that radices can fill the corona with hot plasma even if only one to five percent of the radices reach coronal temperatures . " {{ video= " SP_100212_sun-atmosphere " title= " Understanding the Sun's Mysteriously Hot Atmosphere " caption = " Images from the Hinode satellite and NASA STEREO A spacecraft show plasma in the Sun 's lower atmosphere and north pole region .
Scientists think certain types of spicules ( jets of dense plasma ) may help explain why the Sun 's atmosphere is so hot .
Credit : UCAR " }}
Not only did this work provide McIntosh , De Pontieu , Schrijver ( also of Lockheed Martin 's Solar and Astrophysics Laboratory ) , and Hansteen ( of the University of Oslo ) the thrill of discovery , and the excitement of tracing their idea to a breath - taking conclusion , their effort has direct implications for climate research on Earth .
" Understanding solar processes advances our knowledge of Earth - Sun interactions , providing insights on how UV radiation generated by solar storms affects the Earth 's upper atmosphere , stratospheric ozone and — potentially — global climate dynamics over both short and longer time scales , " McIntosh explained .
One mission that will help advance understanding of radices is NASA 's Interface Region Imaging Spectrograph ( IRIS , iris.lmsal.com ) , which will allow scientists to investigate formation of radices at high resolution .
A Hinode follow - up mission is also in the works , and the launch of the Solar Dynamics Observatory in early 2010 , will provide an additional series of high - resolution coronal images , available every 10 seconds .
Why Sun's Atmosphere Is ' So Darned Hot '
New Kink In Sun's Strange Corona
Scientists Clueless Over Sun 's Effect on Earth
Editor 's Note :
This research was supported by the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) , the federal agency charged with funding basic research and education across all fields of science and engineering .
Any opinions , findings , and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation .
See the Behind the Scenes Archive .
Family who kept man as slave before chopping off his head and dumping him in lake guilty of ' Blue Lagoon murder '
Tortured : Michael Gilbert 's butchered body was found in a lake
A gang of sadists who tortured a ' naive and vulnerable ' man for ten years before dumping his decapitated body into a lake were convicted of his murder yesterday .
Michael Gilbert , 26 , was used as a ' dogsbody and slave ' , shackled to a bed and attacked by the group 's pet pit bulls .
In one bizarre incident , he was even made to goad a large exotic lizard until it attacked him .
The appalling beatings - often recorded on mobile phones - included being stabbed , hit with a baseball bat , forced to stand in boiling water and shot at with an air pistol .
His main tormentor 's girlfriend even invented a ' game show ' where individuals were paid to assault him .
Although Mr Gilbert did escape occasionally , the gang would contact the Department for Work and Pensions and quote his national insurance number to discover where he was signing on before snatching him back .
Astonishingly , police were aware he was in trouble but he did n't want to pursue a complaint because the victim had said ' it would make it worse for me in the long run ' .
Mr Gilbert finally died after a new form of torture was devised , involving members of the family jumping on his stomach .
They then hacked his corpse into pieces at their home in Luton , Bedfordshire , before throwing it into a lake known as the Blue Lagoon in nearby Arlesey .
Some parts of his body , including the torso , hands and feet , were found by two dog walkers last year , while others , including his head , were only recovered in February .
Yesterday , ringleader James Watt , 27 , his girlfriend Natasha Oldfield , 29 , and his brother Richard 's girlfriend Nichola Roberts , 21 , were convicted of murder .
Richard Watt was sentenced to six years in prison and Jennifer Smith - Dennis was jailed for 10 years
James Watt and his girlfriend Natasha Oldfield were jailed for life today
Robert Watt and Nichola Roberts were found guilty at Luton Crown Court
Another of James Watt 's brothers , Robert , 20 , and his mother Jennifer Smith - Dennis , were found guilty of familial homicide .
Richard admitted the same charge .
All were also convicted of perverting the course of justice .
They will be sentenced on Monday .
The men's father , former builder Antonio Watt , 70 , was acquitted of familial homicide and perverting the course of justice .
Judge John
Bevan told the jurors that they had sat through ' ghastly ' evidence and excused any from being called for jury service again .
After the hearing , Mr Gilbert 's mother , Rosalie , 49 , focused her anger on Smith - Dennis .
' What sort of woman would allow the things we heard about to go on in her home and for all those years ? ' she said .
' You raise your kids to be the best they can be , not cold - blooded murderers .
That mother could have done something to help Michael and never did . '
Officers pull a bag containing Michael Gilbert 's body from the lagoon
Michael Gilbert 's body parts were found in a prison bag which had been thrown into a lake
Mr Gilbert 's torso was found by two anglers .
His head , knee joints and elbow were discovered in a separate bag
Mr Gilbert 's brother Chrissy , 31 , said that although his brother had had a happy childhood , his ' naive ' personality made him easy prey for the Watt family .
His habit of ' taking off to do his own thing ' for long periods of time meant he eventually became estranged from his own family and ended up in a children 's home aged 15 where he met James Watt .
Prosecutor Stuart Trimmer , QC , told Luton Crown Court : ' He was without anyone with the power to break his bondage to this family . '
The court heard evidence from witnesses including Philip Budd , a regular visitor to the Watts ' home , who said Mr Gilbert had locking pliers attached to his genitals which were used to lead him around ' like a dog on a lead ' .
Zoe Smith , 23 , described how Mr Gilbert was shackled with silver handcuffs to the bottom of a bunk bed she slept in with her boyfriend Colin Watt , who was not charged with any offence .
During the three - year relationship , she admitted to visiting the home on around 150 occasions and seeing Mr Gilbert assaulted ' nearly every time ' .
The abuse continued as the Watts moved into a succession of different houses in the town .
Mr Budd said that by 2008 Mr Gilbert was only allowed to wear boxer shorts to prevent him escaping .
Another visitor described watching him being shot in the lower back with an air rifle .
A postmortem examination would later reveal pellets still embedded in his body .
Two anglers found Mr Gilbert 's decapitated body in the Blue Lagoon in Arlesey , Bedfordshire
Oldfield was found to have written an entry in her diary entitled ' Game Show Ideas ' .
Underneath , she suggested ' various sums of money linked to different assaults on Michael ' .
One line said : ' £ 5 slap , £ 10 punch , £ 15 kick , £ 25 head butt . '
Another read : ' Gilbert ends up dead . '
As well as ' entertainment ' , the family also saw Mr Gilbert as a ' cash cow ' and would often take his benefits .
By the end of 2008 , they were doing sit ups while leaning on a piece of wood across his mouth and jumping on his stomach .
One of those was Robert Watt , who weighed 21st at the time .
Mr Gilbert is believed to have died from his injuries on January 21 last year .
Detective Chief Inspector Jon Humphries yesterday insisted nothing more could have been done to save Mr Gilbert .
' Hindsight is a wonderful thing , ' he added .
The Luton Safeguarding Of Vulnerable Adults Board is to set up a serious case review into his death .
Family that revelled in crime
Long before the Watt family were arrested for the murder of Michael Gilbert they had developed a reputation as Luton 's most notorious antisocial neighbours .
Residents revealed how they would typically arrive in an area late at night , shattering its peace within a matter of days .
Calm only returned when the family moved on or were forced out .
The Watts also kept a large number of animals including pit bull - type dogs to enhance their stature in their neighbourhood , and exotic giant lizards , one of which was used to attack Mr Gilbert .
Crime scene :
The house where the torture took place
James
Watt 's bedroom where Mr Gilbert 's body was butchered
At one property , RSPCA vans and police in riot gear were drafted in when the family was evicted .
None of Watts worked except the father , Antonio , now 70 , who was employed at a local building firm .
In court , it emerged that the brothers ' ' ringleader ' , James Watt , 27 , had 14 previous convictions for 22 different offences , including affray and shooting someone with an airgun .
His brother Robert , 20 , had two convictions , including battery and theft .
Victim : Michael Gilbert aged 14
Even the women in their lives had criminal records .
James 's girlfriend , mother - oftwo Natasha Oldfield , 29 , had been cautioned for affray .
Richard Watt 's girlfriend Nichola Roberts , 21 , had four convictions and a caution , all for leaving a petrol station without paying for fuel .
Only the matriarch of the family , diminutive Jennifer Smith - Dennis , 58 , had an unblemished record - in the eyes of the law , at least - until her conviction for familial homicide .
Social services were involved with the family at one stage after Robert was put on the At Risk Register and education services had been called in when the brothers were of school age because they regularly skipped lessons .
Former neighbours said the brothers carried baseball bats and knives claiming it was ' for their own protection ' .
One , who asked not to be named , said : ' They were rude , noisy and a nightmare .
' They would ride these noisy motorbikes up and down the street and I remember hearing that bars of soap had been pushed through their letter box because they were such a dirty bunch . '
Another former neighbour , again too terrified to be identified , added : ' I had to have CCTV installed because the boys were coming on to my property , and tormenting my wife and daughter by peering through the window at them when I was n't there .
' The neighbourhood was a nightmare and people were running scared of them . '
Another man , describing how his family had been intimidated by the Watts brothers , said : ' It was a life of hell , not just for my family but the surrounding neighbours .
' It was a constant nightmare , constant phoning up the police .
Officers doing nothing , the family living in fear .
They would pick on the vulnerable more than anything else . '
Central California is home to nearly 1.6 million dairy cows and their manure -- up to 192 million pounds per day .
It ’s a mountain of waste and a potential environmental hazard .
But for dairyman John Fiscalini , the dung on his farm is renewable gold :
He ’s converting it into electricity .
At his farm outside Modesto , a torrent of water washes across the barn ’s concrete floor several times a day , flushing tons of manure away from his herd of fuzzy - faced Holsteins and into nearby tanks .
There , bacteria consume the waste and release methane , which is then burned in a generator capable of producing enough power to run Fiscalini ’s 530 - acre farm , his cheese factory and 200 additional homes .
Fiscalini ’s resourcefulness should be drawing accolades , considering that state mandates are requiring California industries to boost renewable energy use and slash greenhouse gas emissions sharply over the next 10 years .
But efforts to convert cow pies into power have sparked controversy .
State air quality control regulators say these “ dairy digester ” systems can generate pollution themselves and , unless the devices are overhauled , are refusing to issue permits for them .
The standoff underscores how conflicting regulatory mandates are making it hard for California to meet its green - energy goals .
“ We did n’t expect this , ” said Michael Gallo , chief executive of Joseph Gallo Farms in Atwater , Calif. , whose family has spent “ a lot of money ” to get its dairy digester system compliant .
The idea of turning biological waste -- whether manure , trash or grass clippings -- into fuel has been around for centuries .
Technologies vary , but the idea is to extract methane from decomposing organic material , remove impurities and burn it for heat , light or transport .
Interest boomed after the Kyoto Protocol , the 1997 international treaty on climate change .
Methane , considered by many scientists and environmentalists to be as damaging a greenhouse gas as carbon dioxide , was among the key six pollutants targeted .
Today , the European Union is leading the global charge to turn waste into watts ; more than 8,000 biogas operations are up and running in Europe , and thousands more are slated to open in the next decade .
The United States , which has not ratified the Kyoto accord , has only about 150 digester projects operating at livestock farms nationwide , said Chris Voell , a manager of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ’s AgStar program , which works with farmers to get such systems up and running .
Funding is an issue .
Government subsidies are n’t as readily available in the U.S. as they are in Europe .
Just 16 digesters were operating at California dairies last year , fewer than in Wisconsin ( which had 19 ) and Pennsylvania ( 18 ) .
“ California has about four times as much potential for emission reductions and energy generation as the next - largest dairy state , ” Voell said .
“ I know the regulations are much more strict in California .
But there ’s so much potential there . ”
Air regulators say they understand why farmers are frustrated but point out that methane is not the only worrisome gas that pollutes .
Like an internal combustion engine in a car , the generators used to convert the methane into electricity produce nitrogen oxides , or NOx .
NOx exacerbates the state ’s smog problem , particularly in the San Joaquin Valley , which has some of the country ’s dirtiest air .
NOx levels for the valley are federally set .
In the San Joaquin Valley , officials at the area ’s air pollution control district say it is their job to enforce these rules and curtail ozone pollution .
That stance has come as a shock to dairy farmers such as Fiscalini , whose $ 4 - million digester system was set up out of frustration with regulators wanting him to fight pollution .
Time and again , he said , he ’d been told by regulators and read in local newspapers that dairy farmers must curtail methane emissions .
Fiscalini believed that such digester systems , especially ones that converted the waste into electricity , would eventually be mandatory .
“ I figured I might as well try to do this now and do some good , ” Fiscalini said .
He received $ 1.5 million in grants from the U.S. Department of Agriculture and the California Energy Commission , which was promoting the use of biogas digesters .
The $ 800,000 grant from the commission required that Fiscalini ’s system include a generator that would convert methane into energy , he said .
Fiscalini started construction in 2007 .
But in 2008 , when work was halfway complete , he found himself stuck .
Officials from the San Joaquin Valley Air Pollution Control District were blocking the farm from firing up the engine .
The concern : NOx .
Fiscalini then spent several hundreds of thousands of dollars on a catalytic converter and other filtering equipment to meet the air district ’s limit of 11 parts per million of NOx for new digester systems .
That works out to equal the emissions of 26 cars for every 1,000 cows , said Frank Mitloehner , an associate professor at UC Davis ’ department of animal science .
But his worries are far from over .
The digester has been running for only nine months , and he ’s already had to replace some of the filtering equipment and repair the generator twice .
“ I wonder , sometimes , why I ever thought this was a good idea , ” Fiscalini said .
Air district officials said they ’re just doing their jobs .
Combating smog , not climate change , is the agency ’s mission .
“ The board has been clear that when we ’re faced with these sorts of trade - offs between reducing greenhouse gases and reducing NOx , we ’re going to choose NOx , ” said Dave Warner , director of permit services for the San Joaquin Valley air quality district .
The farmers “ should have checked in with us first , before buying their equipment , ” he added .
Last year , six dairy digesters were shut down because of regulatory or financial problems .
One of them is at Ron Koetsier ’s dairy in Visalia .
Koetsier had been using his digester and generator system since 2003 as a way to power his barns and eliminate his dairy ’s electrical bill .
Southern California Edison , his electricity provider , had just opened the door in 2008 to buying his excess electricity when the San Joaquin Valley air district told him that his two generators violated local NOx emission standards for digesters .
He contacted the manufacturer of the generators .
He said he was told that it would cost $ 100,000 in new parts to get them in compliance , and up to $ 50,000 a year in maintenance fees .
Koetsier shut the system down .
Now the equipment is collecting dust .
“ They have a point .
I want clean air , ” Koetsier said .
“ But it does n’t make financial sense for me keep doing this .
I do n’t see how they can turn methane gas into electricity in California , given these rules . ”
p.j.huffstutter@latimes.com
NASA officials broke ground near Canberra , Australia in Feburary this year , beginning a new antenna - building campaign to improve Deep Space Network communications .
This is part of a NASA project to replace its fleet of 70 - meter - wide dishes with a new generation of 34 - meter antennas by 2025 .
Three 70 - meter antennas , which are more than 40 years old are located at the NASA Deep Space Network complexes at Goldstone California , Madrid Spain , and Canberra Australia .
The new antennas can be used more flexibly , allowing the network to operate on several different frequency bands within the same antenna .
Its electronic equipment is more accessible , making maintenance easier and less costly .
They also receive higher - frequency , wider - bandwidth signals known as the " Ka band , " which allows the newer antennas to carry more data .
In the first phase of the project near Canberra , NASA expects to complete the building of up to three 34 - meter antennas by 2018 .
Photo credit : NASA
New York Times , One - Fourth of Nonprofits Are to Lose Tax Breaks , by Stephanie Strom :
As many as 400,000 nonprofit organizations are weeks away from a doomsday .
At midnight on May 15 , an estimated one - fifth to one - quarter of some 1.6 million charities , trade associations and membership groups will lose their tax exemptions , thanks to a provision buried in a 2006 federal bill aimed at pension reform .
...
The federal legislation passed in 2006 required all nonprofits to file tax forms the following year .
Previously , only organizations with revenues of $ 25,000 or more — or the vast majority of nonprofit groups — had to file .
The new law , embedded in the 393 pages of the Pension Protection Act of 2006 , also directed the IRS to revoke the tax exemptions of groups that failed to file for three consecutive years .
Three years have passed , and thus the deadline looms .
Chris Floyd Published : 23 March 2010 Hits : 17091
It looks like heaven but it feels like death ;
It 's something in between , I guess :
It 's closing time .
-- Leonard Cohen
Official transcript of remarks by President Barack Obama after the March 21 vote in the House of Representatives on H.R.3590 : Motion to Concur in Senate Amendments to Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act :
My fellow Americans .
As many of our more serious commentators have noted , Democrats and progressives have sought genuine reform of our broken , bloated , unjust health care system for almost a hundred years .
Today , I am proud to say that we have brought that century - long struggle to a close .
Together with our visionary partners in the House and the Senate , we have finally killed genuine health care reform for many years to come -- perhaps even for another century !
The struggle is over , the deal is done , the fix is in , and corporate power -- unbridled , unchallenged , coddled , protected , and larded with the endless pork of government - guaranteed profit -- has triumphed at last .
This is an historic achievement .
This is a mighty legacy we will bequeath to future generations .
This , my friends , is what change looks like .
Now , you know and I know that such change never comes easily .
It never comes without opposition .
It never comes without controversy .
Even in this hour of victory , we know that the doom - sayers will be out in force .
And I 'm not speaking here of the Republicans , whose opposition has simply been a lurid , baseless " Red Dawn " fantasy about " communism " coming to America .
" Communism " -- in a bill that has been written by our visionary partners in the corporate community , by our hyper - capitalist friends and patrons on Wall Street , by the lobbyists and bagmen of Big Money !
It 's true there is a tinge of socialism in the bill , but it is , of course , the only kind of socialism that is tolerated in America : socialism for the rich , where the masses shoulder the risks -- and the costs -- while the wealthy reap the profits for themselves .
The health - care barons , the bailed - out banks , the farm - devouring agriconglomerates , the war profiteers ... we 've got plenty of boardroom bolsheviki out there -- but it sure ain't " communism " like Castro used to make !
So let them hoot and holler down this false trail all they like ; for as I learned back in my Senate days , when I was considered part of the " anti- war " faction , opposition without substance only entrenches the status quo .
No , what we must look out for are all those -- or rather , those very few -- nattering nabobs of negativism who have opposed our historic corporate empowerment bill out of -- get this -- principle .
Like barnacles hanging onto the butt of the Titanic , they have clung to the idea of truly universal , equal , single - payer health care , a system that is less expensive , more efficient , more secure , more democratic , more popular and more effective than the heroic measure we have passed here today .
These poor wretches -- who now must face the wrath of Kos and the wroth of Rahm for their tragic apostasy -- are simply not savvy enough to see that our 2,000 - page boondogglepalooza , riddled with fine - print exceptions , toothless regulations ( which we will ' enforce ' every bit as rigorously as Wall Street has been regulated all these years ) , impenetrable phase - in and phase - out schedules , and mild benefits that wo n't even begin kicking in for years -- and that even after a decade will still leave millions of people uncovered -- is much better than a simple , streamlined system that could be implemented by the end of this year , bringing genuine relief from intolerable , life - degrading financial burdens and medical problems to millions and millions of people in dire need right away .
Or as that avatar of negativity , Ralph Nader put it :
The health insurance legislation is a major political symbol wrapped around a shredded substance .
It does not provide coverage that is universal , comprehensive or affordable .
It is a remnant even of its own initially compromised self — bereft of any public option , any safeguard for states desiring a single payer approach , any adequate antitrust protections , any shift of power toward consumers to defend themselves , any regulation of insurance prices , any authority for Uncle Sam to bargain with drug companies , and any reimportation of lower - priced drugs .
Hey , Ralph , thanks for reciting my credits !
All those " berefts " you cited were the result of my own super - savvy negotiations !
It 's 11 - dimensional chess , man , a really heavy - duty Matrix Zen Jedi Master use - the - Force kind of thing , where you win the game by giving away everything you have in the opening move !
But you 're too much a dinosaur to understand .
' Anti- trust protections ! '
Hey , Teddy Roosevelt -- your horse - and - buggy is waiting !
Just listen to this guy :
Most of the health insurance coverage mandated by this legislation does not come into effect until 2014 , by which time 180,000 Americans will die because they were unable to afford health insurance to cover treatment and diagnosis , according to Harvard Medical School researchers .
Well , what can I say ?
180,000 is a lot of dead people .
This is a very hard choice , but the price — we think the price is worth it .
Then there 's this Chris Hedges guy .
He used to be a " serious " journalist , reporting on the imperial wars for our corporate partners in the stovepiping community -- what old - timers and barnacles still like to call the " news media . "
But he went off the rails a long time ago and joined the carpers and cranks on the sidelines , those malcontents who , unlike so many of our progressive partners today , have never imbibed the timeless wisdom of Warren G. Harding : " Do n't knock , boost ! "
Just get a load of Hedges here , making the big - whoop observation that our historic bill is just a bloated version of the already - failed , Republican - created Massachusetts plan :
Take a look at the health care debacle in Massachusetts , a model for what we will get nationwide .
One in six people there who have the mandated insurance say they cannot afford care , and tens of thousands of people have been evicted from the state program because of budget cuts .
The 45,000 Americans who die each year because they cannot afford coverage will not be saved under the federal legislation .
Half of all personal bankruptcies will still be caused by an inability to pay astronomical medical bills .
The only good news is that health care stocks and bonuses for the heads of these corporations are shooting upward .
...
The bill is another example of why change will never come from within the Democratic Party .
The party is owned and managed by corporations .
The five largest private health insurers and their trade group , America ’s Health Insurance Plans , spent more than $ 6 million on lobbying in the first quarter of 2009 .
Pfizer , the world ’s biggest drug maker , spent more than $ 9 million during the last quarter of 2008 and the first three months of 2009 .
The Washington Post reported that up to 30 members of Congress from both parties who hold key committee memberships have major investments in health care companies totaling between $ 11 million and $ 27 million .
President Barack Obama ’s director of health care policy , who will not discuss single payer as an option , has served on the boards of several health care corporations .
And as salaries for most Americans have stagnated or declined during the past decade , health insurance profits have risen by 480 percent .
... Obama and the congressional leadership have consciously shut out advocates of single payer from the debate .
The press , including papers such as The New York Times , treats single payer as a fringe movement .
The television networks rarely mention it .
And yet between 45 and 60 percent of doctors favor single payer .
Between 40 and 62 percent of the American people , including 80 percent of registered Democrats , want universal , single - payer not - for - profit health care for all Americans .
The ability of the corporations to discredit and silence voices that represent at least half of the population is another sad testament to the power of our corporate state to frame all discussions .
...
Again with the credits !
Stocks going up , corporate heads filling their pockets , pols gorging on backroom baksheesh , the stovepipers in the tank , Big Money controlling the debate ... Earth to Hedges :
That 's what we 're here for !
That 's the whole point !
You 're an old Seventies guy , are n't you , Chris ?
You remember ZZ Top ?
" Jesus Just Left Chicago " ?
( If you 'll pardon the immodesty . )
What do they say ?
" Taking care of business is his name . "
They got that right .
So who cares if the plan " fails " ?
Who cares , if , as you say ,
[ the plan ] will not expand coverage to 30 million uninsured , especially since government subsidies will not take effect until 2014 .
Families who cannot pay the high premiums , deductibles and co-payments , estimated to be between 15 and 18 percent of most family incomes , will have to default , increasing the number of uninsured .
Insurance companies can unilaterally raise prices without ceilings or caps and monopolize local markets to shut out competitors .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Last week Alyssa Katz wrote a piece for Big Money noting that Texas had mostly escaped the housing bubble .
She attributed this primarily to a Texas rule that prohibits homeowners from taking out home equity loans that total more than 80 % of a home ’s appraised value .
I linked approvingly , but suggested that Texas ’s rule against prepayment penalties , negative amortization mortgages , and balloon payments had actually been more important .
As it turns out , I was wrong .
In a followup , Katz explained that although Texas does indeed have these rules , they only apply to “ high cost ” loans — which means only loans that are less than $ 200,000 and have sky - high interest rates .
Virtually no loans qualify under that standard , which means the rules against prepayment penalties and so forth were mostly meaningless .
So what ’s really going on ?
The restriction on HELOCs certainly helps explain why Texas had a lower delinquency rate than most of the country after the housing bubble burst .
One of the sources of delinquency , after all , came from people who used their homes as ATM machines , figuring they could always refinance before the bills came due .
When home prices started to fall , that option was closed and they were left with a ton of debt they could n’t pay off .
But although the HELOC rule explains Texas ’s lower delinquency rate after the bubble imploded , the really mysterious thing is that Texas somehow escaped the housing bubble in the first place .
Why did housing prices in places like Dallas stay relatively sane even while prices in similar cities like Phoenix and Las Vegas were heading to the moon ?
HELOC restrictions do n’t really explain that .
Via email , Katz pointed me to a paper by Anil Kumar , an economist at the Dallas Fed , that added some data — and some more mystery — to the picture .
Kumar notes that median household income in Texas is less than the national average and the use of subprime and Alt - A loans was higher .
But take a look at the chart on the right for subprime loans .
As Kumar says :
On average , Texas subprime borrowers have more equity in their homes than those in other states , providing larger cushions against default .
The state relies less on exotic mortgages , such as interest - only or negative - amortization loans .
Texans with subprime loans are also less likely to take out adjustable rate mortgages ( ARMs ) , which are subject to sharply higher monthly payments when interest rates reset .
But why ?
Why did Texas largely avoid the “ exotic mortgages ” that fueled the subprime boom in the rest of the country ?
Why did Texas subprime borrowers — who were , on average , poorer than than rest of the country and had lower FICOs — apparently make bigger down payments ?
According to Katz , Kumar attributes this to two other rules : ( 1 ) Texas has a 12 - day waiting period following a mortgage application during which a borrower can back out without penalty , and ( 2 ) borrowers have to receive an itemized disclosure that includes points and fees .
Kumar : “ Lenders in the state are held to a higher level of transparency in their dealings … .
If regulation is lax they can be predators and slip exotic mortgages through the back door if a borrower does n’t understand . ”
So does this explain how Texas avoided the housing bubble ?
There ’s no way to say for sure , but I ’m skeptical .
Can a 12 - day waiting period really be enough to put the kibosh on exotic mortgages ?
It does n’t seem like enough — and anyway , my guess is that it was the bubble that drove the growth of exotic mortgages , not the other way around .
So we ’re still left with a question : why did n’t the housing boom ever take hold in Texas even though it seems to have all the usual sunbelt characteristics that drove the bubble in places like California , Arizona , Nevada , and Florida ?
It ’s still a bit of a mystery .
UPDATE : A possible answer here .
Texas might not be the mystery at all .
Maybe Phoenix and Las Vegas are .
Disadvantaged urban preschoolers are n't only at risk for failure in the classroom - they are likely to struggle on playgrounds and athletic fields as well , research suggests .
A new study found that more than eight out of every ten disadvantaged preschoolers from two urban areas showed significant developmental delays in basic motor skills such as running , jumping , throwing , and catching .
That means that they are at risk of giving up on physical activities and becoming obese teenagers and adults , said Jackie Goodway , lead author of the study and associate professor of physical activity and educational services at Ohio State University .
" These fundamental motor skills - running and catching and throwing and kicking - are the movement ABCs , " Goodway said .
" If children do n't learn the ABCs , they can't read .
And if they do n't learn basic motor skills they wo n't participate in sports or exercise .
That 's the problem we may be facing with the children in this study . "
Goodway conducted the study with two of her former doctoral students : Leah Robinson , now at Auburn University and Heather Crowe , now at Towson University .
Their study appears in a recent issue of the journal Research Quarterly for Exercise and Sport .
The researchers studied 469 preschool students enrolled in urban , state - funded programs serving disadvantaged youth .
Included were 275 children , mostly African American , from a Midwestern city and 194 children , mostly Hispanic , from a southwestern city .
The children were evaluated using a standardized test of motor skills .
They participated in tests of locomotor skills which included running , jumping , hopping , leaping , sliding and galloping .
They were also evaluated on object control skills through tests of throwing , catching , kicking , striking , dribbling and rolling .
Results showed that 86 percent of the children scored below the 30th percentile of children nationwide , which is considered developmentally delayed .
While girls and boys had similar scores on the locomotor skills , girls did significantly worse than boys on object control activities in which they used an object such as a ball or a bat .
Boys ' average scores were at the 22nd percentile on object control , while girls ' were at the 11th percentile .
In general , girls of every socioeconomic category perform more poorly than boys do in the object control tests , Goodway said .
However , disadvantaged girls do much worse than do other girls on these tests .
These findings may surprise people who believe children do n't need instruction in motor skills , Goodway said .
" Most people , even many educators , believe that motor skills just naturally develop in children , but our study shows that 's clearly not true , " Goodway said .
" Like any skill , there needs to be instruction , there needs to be practice , there needs to be feedback .
That 's how children master these motor skills . "
The problem is that children from disadvantaged , urban neighborhoods do n't get the opportunities that other children have to play outside in parks and backyards where they can learn how to run and jump and catch footballs and dribble basketballs .
" Their parks may be full of gangs , they do n't have backyards that are safe , they are often raised by single mothers who are working multiple jobs and do n't have time to supervise them outside , " Goodway said .
" These children spend most of their time sitting in school and then going home and sitting in front of the TV . "
While the children in this study were mostly minorities , Goodway said the results would apply to any children from disadvantaged backgrounds .
" Ethnicity does n't matter .
It 's about poverty , " she said .
Goodway said she has developed an intervention program to help preschoolers like those in this study and is currently studying its effectiveness .
Preliminary results suggest that disadvantaged children who are taught motor skills as preschoolers can make " huge gains . "
She said she hopes that Head Start and other programs designed for disadvantaged preschoolers begin to include more physical education as part of what they offer .
Preschool teachers also need to learn more about teaching motor skills .
" We have a window of opportunity during early childhood when we can teach disadvantaged children motor skills and help get them back to where they need to be , " Goodway said .
" But once they get to late elementary school , it is very hard to changed their attitudes and behaviors . "
皮膚に油の膜を作ってくれるワセリンは、Ａ級の保湿剤だとされています。肌の乾燥が心配なら、肌のお手入れの時の保湿 [… ]
Read More »
You know those airport scanners that render you essentially naked ?
The ones that do n't catch bomb - making materials ?
The ones that are supposed to be staffed by infallible and absolutely trustworthy airport workers who'll never , ever abuse your privacy with them ?
Turns out they 're vulnerable to a sophisticated , impossible - to - predict technical attack : a guard was caught taking pictures the screen while a female colleague was passing through the scanner .
Who'd have guessed that was possible ?
Woah .
A Scotland Yard spokesman said : " Police received an allegation regarding an incident that happened at Heathrow Terminal 5 on March 10 .
A first - instance harassment warning has been issued to a 25 - year - old male . "
The BAA employee took a photo of his co-worker , Jo Margetson , when she inadvertently went through a scanner .
" I can't bear to think about the body scanner thing , " she told the Sun .
" I 'm totally traumatised .
I 've spoken to the police about it .
I 'm in too much of a state to go to work . "
Airport worker given police warning for ' misusing ' body scanner
( Thanks , Marc ! )
( Image : Der Spiegel )
Crazy Credits
CHUCK LORRE PRODUCTIONS , #284 2010 Census 1 ) How many people were living or staying in this house , apartment or mobile home on April 1 , 2010 ?
Well , after a difficult divorce and several failed attempts at a meaningful relationship , I guess the answer is one .
One lonely , middle - aged guy .
But I should n't get too down on myself .
I mean , at least I 'm trying .
At least my intentions are good .
Well , mostly good .
I am guilty of what I call self - righteous self - centeredness .
You know , that workaholic syndrome which requires everyone to adapt to my " very pressing needs , " rather than being available to theirs .
In fact , that actually might be the core of my problem .
That , or my compulsive desire to make women happy , which , no surprise , stems from a deep fear that unless I 'm perfect , they 'll leave me .
Oh , and they sure let you know when you 're not perfect .
They do n't mince words when you fail to live up to their expectations .
You hear about it .
Or worse , you do n't hear about it and then have to deal with their subliminal rage that you 're not healing their deep - seated daddy wound .
But that 's beside the point .
Bottom line , one person lives here .
There , you happy U.S. Department of Commerce Economics and Statistics Administration / U.S. Census Bureau ?!
Anything else you want to know ?
2 ) Were there any additional people staying here that you did not include in question one ?
I already told you , I 'm alone !
What is with you people ?!
Why do you keep taunting me ?!
Have n't I suffered enough ?!
See more
NEW YORK ( Reuters Health ) -
In certain Middle Eastern and other countries where conservative dress curtails exposure to sunlight , high levels of vitamin D supplementation may be needed to raise serum levels sufficiently in women , investigators report .
“ When sunlight exposure -- the main source for vitamin D in humans -- is limited , ” Dr. Hussein F. Saadi told Reuters Health , “ much higher dietary intake of vitamin D is needed than currently recommended , ” especially for women who are breast - feeding .
As reported in the June issue of the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition , Saadi and colleagues at the United Arab Emirates University , Al Ain , studied vitamin D levels in 90 women who were breastfeeding and 88 women who had never given birth .
Many dressed to cover their whole bodies , including their hands and faces , while outside of their homes .
Only two of the women , one in each group , were not vitamin D deficient at study .
All the women were randomly assigned to receive 2000 IU of vitamin D2 daily or 60,000 IU in one dose each month .
The investigators note that vitamin D2 is the only high - dose calciferol available in the UAE .
Although both monthly and daily dosing significantly and safely increased vitamin D levels , only 21 of the 71 women ( 30 percent ) who completed the 3 - month study reached the recommended blood levels .
Vitamin D2 doses “ as high as 2000 IU per day were marginally effective in ensuring adequate vitamin D status , ” Saadi commented .
He and his colleagues suggest that “ if the more potent vitamin D3 preparation is not available , higher doses of vitamin D2 than currently studied may be needed . ”
Dr. Saadi added , “ When compliance or adherence with a daily regimen of vitamin D supplementation is an issue , monthly dosing appears to be a safe and effective alternative in ensuring adequate vitamin D status in subjects at risk for vitamin D deficiency . ”
SOURCE : American Journal of Clinical Nutrition , June 2007 .
SQUARE ENIX and Edios Interactive are having a publisher week all week long with a set of different deep discounted games each day !
Monday has the following deals available : 50 % off the following games : 60 % off the following bundles : 66 % off all the above games :
Water ice and organic molecules have been discovered on the surface of an asteroid for the first time .
Researchers glimpsed the ice on 24 Themis , the largest member of an asteroid family located between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter , using the NASA Infrared Telescope on Mauna Kea in Hawaii .
This frosty little rock could be the key to understanding how Earth became the blue planet .
" What we 've found suggests that an asteroid like this one may have hit Earth and brought our planet its water , " said astronomer Humberto Campins of the University of Central Florida , the lead of one of the two separate teams that reported similar findings April 28 in Nature .
While there is plenty of debate around how Earth got its oceans , this new evidence suggests some of the water came from extraterrestrial sources .
Here 's how it may have happened :
More than four billion years ago , after a massive collision between Earth and another large object created the moon , our planet was completely dessicated .
Then , during the Late Heavy Bombardment period that followed , during which lots of asteroids hit Earth , the ice that the objects carried became our store of water .
" The more we find in our asteroid belt objects that do have water , the more convinced we are that that was a possible process to rehydrate the earth , " said NASA astrobiologist Mary Voytek .
The ice on Themis 24 could be a sort of time capsule from the early solar system and could be similar to the ice that may have arrived on Earth from asteroids during the Heavy Bombardment .
" The ice that we see there , right now , is sort of related to the ice that could have come from the main asteroid belt that hit us about 4 billion years ago , " astronomer Henry Hsieh of Queen 's University Belfast told NPR .
" It gives us a way to kind of probe the cousins of the asteroids that hit us and probably gave us water in the early stages of the Earth 's formation . "
Hsieh wrote a commentary that accompanied the stories in Nature .
The presence of ice and organic molecules on the surface of an asteroid is the latest in a string of discoveries that collectively indicate water ice is a more common substance than we might have thought .
In just the past few years , scientists have confirmed the presence of ice at the moon 's north pole as well as beneath the surface of Mars .
It had previously been thought that asteroids were too warm to retain water ice on their surfaces .
The exact method for how they do so remains unclear .
Image : Artist 's conception of asteroid 24 Themis and two small fragments of this dynamic family , which resulted from a large impact more than one billion years ago .
One of the small fragments is inert ( as most asteroids are ) , and the other has a comet - like tail , produced by the sublimation of water ice from its surface .
Gabriel Pérez / Servicio MultiMedia , Instituto de Astrofisica de Canarias , Tenerife , Spain
See Also :
Have you heard the news ?
Passing
Net neutrality rules will result in the loss of 340,000 jobs in the broadband industry and up to 1.5 million jobs overall by 2020 .
If you do n't believe it , I have a fancy - schmancy report that says as much .
Per IDG News ' Grant Gross :
If the FCC adopts the net neutrality rules it is now considering , close to 1.5 million jobs across the U.S. economy could be put in jeopardy by 2020 , and revenue growth in the broadband industry would slow by about one - sixth during that time frame , said the study , by Coleman Bazelon , a telecom economist with The Brattle Group .
Bazelon predicted that spending in the broadband industry would decrease by US$ 5 billion in 2011 if the FCC passes formal net neutrality rules , with the number growing in subsequent years .
[ Also on InfoWorld : Cringely laments the federal court 's decision against the FCC in " Broadband monopolies 1 , Net freedom 0 " | Stay up to date on all Robert X. Cringely 's observations with InfoWorld 's Notes from the Underground newsletter . ]
Who paid for this report ?
A telecom lobbying firm called Mobile Future , which sports a weird hodgepodge of member organizations , including Alligator Planet , Climate Cartoons , Goomzee , and the League of United Latin American Citizens .
But the most recognizable name on the list is AT&T .
Color me surprised .
You can tell the report is going to be a bit slanted when it declares U.S. broadband " a success story , " parroting the same lines Verizon CEO Ivan Seidenberg put out a few weeks ago and conveniently ignoring multiple reports that conclude U.S. broadband is both slower on average than that of more than a dozen other developed nations and more expensive .
It gets worse .
That 23 - page report [ PDF ] , filled with impressive - looking charts and dire projections , is based entirely on a single assumption : Regulating U.S. telecoms in the late 1990s and early 2000s hurt them to the tune of about 15 percent per quarter , relative to the cable companies .
Thus , Bazelon 's conclusion that broadband revenues would slow by one - sixth , slashing revenues and jobs by a proportionate amount .
How about some Scheme with your Python ?
Want It ? ( Download and Install )
Are you sure you can handle this level of awesome ?
Okay !
Download and install :
http://bitbucket.org/gregglind/python-whython3k/src/
By Monte Paulsen
Published April 28 , 2010 08:01 am |
New Westminster has become the first city in Canada to pass a " living wage " bylaw , effectively raising the minimum wage paid by the municipality .
" New Westminster has taken a stand for working families today by setting this powerful precedent , ” said Dave Tate of BC ACORN , one of 40 organizations that lobbied for the bylaw .
Living wage bylaws set a wage " floor " above the minimum wage for workers who work directly for the city , for firms that receive contracts from the city , and firms that receive economic development money from the city .
" Once the policy is implemented , all direct and indirect workers ( contract workers , etc. ) performing work on City premises will earn a wage no lower than $ 16.74 , " Tate said in an email .
BC ACORN presented a petition with 1,200 signatures in support of the bylaw .
The New Westminster campaign was just one of many underway across the country .
A similar bylaw was recently rejected by the City of Calgary .
" This gives working people hope that the tide of stagnant wages is receding in Canada , " Tate said .
This article is a general list of applications sorted by category , as a reference for those looking for packages .
Many sections are split between console and graphical applications .
Tip :
This page exists primarily to make it easier to search for alternatives to an application that you do not know under which section has been added .
Use the links in the template at the top to view the main sections as separate pages .
Please consider installing the pkgstats package , which provides a timer that sends a list of the packages installed on your system , along with the architecture and the mirrors you use , to the Arch Linux developers in order to help them prioritize their efforts and make the distribution even better .
The information is sent anonymously and cannot be used to identify you .
You can view the collected data at the Statistics page .
More information is available in this forum thread .
Daemon packages usually include the relevant systemd unit file to start ; some packages even include different ones .
After installation pacman - Qql package | grep - Fe . service -e . socket can be used to check and find the relevant one .
Note : Applications listed in " Console " sections can have graphical front - ends .
Official ones are currently omitted .
Internet
Network connection
Network managers
See Network configuration #Network managers .
VPN clients
Bitmask — Secured and encrypted communication using various service providers
Libreswan —
A free software implementation of the most widely supported and standarized VPN protocol based on ( " IPsec " ) and the Internet Key Exchange ( " IKE " ) .
NetworkManager — Supports a variety of protocols ( e.g. MS , Cisco , Fortinet ) via a plugin system .
OpenConnect — Supports Cisco and Juniper VPNs .
Openswan — IPsec - based VPN Solution .
OpenVPN — To connect to OpenVPN VPNs .
PPTP Client —
To connect to PPTP VPNs , like Microsoft VPNs ( MPPE ) .
( insecure )
strongSwan — IPsec - based VPN Solution .
tinc — tinc is a free VPN daemon .
Vpnc —
To connect to Cisco 3000 VPN Concentrators .
WireGuard —
Next generation secure network tunnel .
Proxy servers
Dante — SOCKS server and SOCKS client , implementing RFC 1928 and related standards .
Privoxy —
Non-caching web proxy with advanced filtering capabilities for enhancing privacy , modifying web page data and HTTP headers , controlling access , and removing ads and other obnoxious Internet junk .
Project V — Project V is a set of tools to help you build your own privacy network over internet .
Shadowsocks —
Secure socks5 proxy , designed to protect your Internet traffic .
Squid —
Caching proxy for the Web supporting HTTP , HTTPS , FTP , and more .
Stunnel —
A server and client to add and remove TLS encryption to TCP data flow .
Tinyproxy — Lightweight HTTP / HTTPS proxy daemon .
Trojan —
An unidentifiable mechanism that helps you bypass GFW .
Varnish — High - performance HTTP accelerator .
XX - Net —
Easy to use web proxy tool .
Ziproxy — Forwarding ( non-caching ) compressing HTTP proxy server .
Anonymizing networks
Freenet —
An encrypted network without censorship .
GNUnet — Framework for secure peer - to - peer networking .
I2P — Distributed anonymous network .
https://geti2p.net/ || AUR , AUR
Lantern —
Peer - to - peer internet censorship circumvention software .
Tor — Anonymizing overlay network .
Web browsers
See also Wikipedia : Comparison of web browsers .
Console
browsh —
A fully - modern text - based browser .
Runs as a frontend to headless Firefox .
ELinks —
Advanced and well - established feature - rich text mode web browser with mouse wheel scroll support ( links fork , barely supported since 2009 ) .
Links — Graphics and text mode web browser .
Includes a console version similar to Lynx .
Lynx —
Text browser for the World Wide Web .
w3 m — Pager / text - based web browser .
It has vim - like keybindings , and is able to display images .
Graphical
Gecko - based
See also Wikipedia : Gecko ( software ) .
Firefox — Extensible browser from Mozilla based on Gecko with fast rendering .
SeaMonkey — Continuation of the Mozilla Internet Suite .
Firefox spin-offs
Cliqz — Firefox - based privacy aware web browser .
https://cliqz.com/ || AUR or AUR
GNU IceCat —
A customized build of Firefox ESR distributed by the GNU Project , stripped of non-free components and with additional privacy extensions .
Release cycle may be delayed compared to Mozilla Firefox .
https://www.gnu.org/software/gnuzilla/ || AUR or AUR
LibreWolf —
A fork of Firefox , focused on privacy , security and freedom .
https://librewolf-community.gitlab.io/ || AUR or AUR
Tor Browser Launcher — Securely and easily download , verify , install , and launch Tor Browser , a fork of Firefox ESR .
Waterfox Classic — Optimized fork of Firefox 56 , without data collection and allowing unsigned extensions and NPAPI plugins .
Waterfox Current — Optimized fork of Firefox ESR , updated feature - rich branch of Waterfox .
Blink - based
See also Wikipedia : Blink ( web engine ) .
Chromium —
Web browser developed by Google , the open source project behind Google Chrome .
Privacy - focused chromium spin-offs
Brave —
Web browser that blocks ads and trackers by default .
Iridium — A privacy - focused patchset for Chromium .
See differences from Chromium .
Ungoogled Chromium — Modifications to Google Chromium for removing Google integration and enhancing privacy , control , and transparency
Proprietary chromium spin-offs
browser360 —
A proprietary chromium based web browser from Qihoo 360 .
Google Chrome — Proprietary web browser developed by Google .
Opera — Proprietary browser developed by Opera Software .
Slimjet —
Fast , smart and powerful proprietary browser based on Chromium .
Vivaldi —
An advanced proprietary browser made with the power user in mind .
Yandex Browser —
Proprietary browser that combines a minimal design with sophisticated technology to make the web faster , safer , and easier .
Browsers based on qt5 - webengine
Crusta —
Blazingly fast full feature web browser with unique features .
Dooble — Colorful Web browser .
Eric — QtWebEngine - based HTML browser , part of the eric6 development toolset , can be launched with the eric6 _browser command .
Falkon —
Web browser based on QtWebEngine , written in Qt framework .
Konqueror —
Web browser based on Qt toolkit and Qt WebEngine ( or KHTML layout engine ) , part of .
Liri Browser —
A minimalistic material design web browser written for Liri .
Otter Browser — Browser aiming to recreate classic Opera ( 12.x ) UI using Qt5 .
It can use Qt WebEngine as an alternative backend .
Qt WebBrowser — Browser for embedded devices developed using the capabilities of Qt and Qt WebEngine .
qutebrowser —
A keyboard - driven , vim - like browser based on PyQt5 and QtWebEngine .
Browsers based on electron
Beaker —
Peer - to - peer web browser with tools to create and host websites .
Based on the Electron platform .
Ferdi — Electron application .
Messaging browser that allows you to combine your favorite messaging services into one application .
It is based on Franz .
Franz — Electron application .
Messaging browser for WhatsApp , Facebook Messenger , Slack , Telegram and many other web services .
Min —
A smarter , faster web browser based on the Electron platform .
WebKit - based
See also Wikipedia : WebKit .
Note : webkitgtk , webkitgtk2 and qtwebkit - based browsers were removed from the list , because these are today considered insecure and outdated .
More info webkitgtk , webkitgtk2 and qtwebkit - based browsers were removed from the list , because these are today considered insecure and outdated .
More info here
Browsers based on webkit2gtk
Most of these support ad - blocking via wyebadblock .
Ephemeral — A private - by - default , always - incognito browser for elementary OS .
Eolie — Simple web browser for GNOME .
GNOME Web —
Browser which uses the WebKitGTK rendering engine , part of .
Lariza —
A simple , experimental web browser using GTK 3 , GLib and WebKit2GTK .
Luakit —
Fast , small , webkit based browser framework extensible by Lua .
Midori — Lightweight web browser based on GTK and WebKit .
Nyxt — Keyboard - oriented , infinitely extensible browser designed for power users .
It has familiar key - bindings ( Emacs , VI , CUA ) and features fuzzy searching between tabs , multiple selections , history as a tree and more .
surf —
Lightweight WebKit - based browser , which follows the suckless philosophy ( basically , the browser itself is a single C source file ) .
Surfer —
Simple keyboard based web browser , written in C .
It supports custom JS - scripts .
Tangram —
Integration of web applications into the desktop , specifically GNOME .
Vimb — A Vim - like web browser written in C that is inspired by Pentadactyl and Vimprobable .
It includes a manpage and a howto for common configurations .
It supports custom JS - scripts , dark mode and handles geolocation requests .
wyeb —
A vim - like web browser inspired by dwb and luakit with Adblock .
Browsers based on qt5 - webkit
OSPKit — Webkit based html browser for printing .
Otter Browser — Browser aiming to recreate classic Opera ( 12.x ) UI using Qt5 .
qutebrowser —
A keyboard - driven , vim - like browser based on PyQt5 with QtWebKit as an available backend .
smtube — Application that allows to browse , search and play YouTube videos .
WCGBrowser — A web browser for kiosk systems .
Other
Basilisk — Another Goanna - based browser from the developers of Pale Moon .
It features a Firefox 52 - based UI , and is a perpetual beta .
It lacks support for WebExtensions , but still supports XUL - based addons .
Dillo —
Small , fast graphical web browser built on FLTK .
Uses its own layout engine .
Links — Graphics and text mode web browser .
Includes a graphical X - window / framebuffer version with CSS , image rendering , pull - down menus .
It can be launched with the xlinks -g command .
NetSurf — Featherweight browser written in C , notable for its slowly developing JavaScript support and fast rendering through its own layout engine .
http://www.palemoon.org/
|| AUR or AUR
Web servers
A web server serves HTML web pages and other files via HTTP to clients like web browsers .
The major web servers can be interfaced with programs to serve dynamic content ( web applications ) .
See also Category : Web server and Wikipedia : Comparison of web server software .
Apache HTTP
Server —
A high performance Unix - based HTTP server .
Caddy — HTTP /2 web server with automatic HTTPS .
Hiawatha — Secure and advanced web server .
Lighttpd —
A secure , fast , compliant and very flexible web - server .
nginx — Lightweight HTTP server and IMAP / POP3 proxy server .
sthttpd —
Supported fork of the thttpd web server .
yaws —
Web server / framework written in Erlang .
Static web servers
darkhttpd — A small and secure static web server , written in C , does not support HTTPS or Auth .
KatWeb —
A lightweight static web server and reverse proxy , written in Go , designed for the modern web .
quark —
An extremly small and simple http get - only web server .
It only serves static pages on a single host .
serve —
Static file serving and directory listing .
servy —
A tiny little web server , single binary , written in Rust .
Webfs —
Simple and instant web server for mostly static content .
The Python standard library module http.server can also be used from the command - line .
Specialized web servers
chezdav — WebDAV server that allows to share a particular directory .
Mongoose — Embedded web server library , supports WebSocket and MQTT .
OnionShare — Lets you securely and anonymously send and receive files .
It works by starting a web server , making it accessible as a Tor onion service , and generating an unguessable web address so others can download files from you , or upload files to you .
VServer — GTK application , which opens an http server in the selected folder and shares your files .
webhook — Small server for creating HTTP endpoints ( hooks )
Woof —
An ad - hoc single file webserver ; Web Offer One File .
WSGI servers
Gunicorn — A Python WSGI HTTP Server for UNIX .
uWSGI — A fast , self - healing and developer / sysadmin - friendly application container server written in C .
Waitress — A WSGI server for Python 3 .
Apache also supports WSGI with mod_wsgi .
Performance testing
http_load —
A webserver performance testing tool , runs in a single process .
httperf —
Can generate various HTTP workloads , written in C .
vegeta — HTTP load testing tool , written in Go .
Web Bench — Benchmarking tool , uses fork ( ) for simulating multiple clients .
File sharing
Download managers
See also Wikipedia : Comparison of download managers .
Console
aria2 — Lightweight download utility that supports HTTP/S , FTP , SFTP , BitTorrent and Metalink .
It can run as a daemon controlled via a built - in JSON - RPC or XML - RPC interface .
Axel —
Featherweight command line download accelerator sitting at under 250 kB on disk .
Supports HTTP/S and FTP .
cURL — An URL retrieval utility and library .
Supports HTTP , FTP and SFTP .
HTTPie — Human - friendly command - line HTTP client for the API era .
HTTrack —
An easy - to - use offline browser utility .
It allows you to download a World Wide Web site from the Internet to a local directory , building recursively all directories , getting HTML , images , and other files from the server to your computer .
LFTP — Sophisticated file transfer program .
Supports HTTP , FTP , SFTP , FISH , and BitTorrent .
mps-youtube — Terminal based YouTube jukebox with playlist management .
Plays audio / video through mplayer / mpv .
Plowshare —
A set of command - line tools designed for managing file - sharing websites ( aka Hosters ) .
RTMPDump — Download FLV videos through RTMP ( Adobe 's proprietary protocol for Flash video players )
snarf — Command - line URL retrieval tool .
Supports HTTP and FTP .
Streamlink —
Launch streams from various streaming services in a custom video player or save them to a file .
Streamripper — Records and splits streaming mp3 into tracks .
You - Get — Download media contents ( videos , audios , images ) from the Web .
youtube - dl — Download videos from YouTube and many other web sites .
youtube - viewer — Command line utility for viewing YouTube videos .
Wget —
A network utility to retrieve files from the Web. Supports HTTP and FTP .
Graphical
ClipGrab — Downloader and converter for YouTube , Vimeo and many other online video sites .
FatRat —
Qt based download manager with support for HTTP , FTP , SFTP , BitTorrent and Metalink .
Forklift — Simple GUI for youtube - dl using PyGObject .
FreeRapid — Java - based downloader that supports downloading from file - sharing services .
gtk - youtube - viewer — GTK utility for viewing YouTube videos .
Gwget — Download manager for GNOME .
Supports HTTP and FTP .
Gydl — GUI wrapper around the already existing youtube - dl program to download content from sites like YouTube .
JDownloader — Java - based downloader for one - click hosting sites .
KGet — Download manager for KDE .
Supports HTTP , FTP , BitTorrent and Metalink .
Part of .
Persepolis — Graphical front - end for aria2 download manager with lots of features .
Supports HTTP and FTP .
pyLoad —
Downloader written in Python and designed to be extremely lightweight , easily extensible and fully manageable via web .
Steadyflow — Simple download manager for GNOME .
Supports HTTP and FTP .
Streamtuner2 — Internet radio station and video browser .
It simply lists stations in categories from different directories and launches your preferred media apps for playback .
u Get — GTK download manager featuring download classification and HTML import .
Supports HTTP , FTP , BitTorrent , Metalink , YouTube and Mega .
Video Downloader — GTK application to download videos from websites like YouTube and many others ( based on youtube - dl ) .
Xtreme Download Manager — Powerful tool to increase download speed up - to 500 % .
Supports HTTP and FTP .
Video grabber works in a general way and is not limited to certain websites .
LAN file transfer
See also # LAN messengers .
LAN Share —
Cross platform local area network file transfer application , built using Qt GUI framework .
It can be used to transfer a whole folder , one or more files , large or small immediately without any additional configuration .
NitroShare — Cross - platform network file transfer application , built using Qt GUI framework .
It is designed to make transferring files from one device to another on the local network extremely simple .
Teleport — Native GTK3 app to effortlessly share files on the local network .
Warpinator — GTK app to share files across the LAN .
Cloud storage servers
Cozy —
A personal cloud you can hack , host and delete .
Nextcloud —
A cloud server to store your files centrally on a hardware controlled by you .
Pydio —
Mature open source web application for file sharing and synchronization .
Seafile —
An online file storage and collaboration tool with advanced support for file syncing , privacy protection and teamwork .
Cloud synchronization clients
Tip : Some synchronization and backup programs provide direct support for some cloud - storage services .
Some FUSE filesystems provide a way to mount cloud - storage as a filesystem .
Google Drive can be accessed also by for GVFS - based applications ( like Nautilus ) , and by for KIO - based applications ( like Dolphin ) .
See Data - at - rest encryption #Cloud - storage optimized to achieve zero - knowledge ( client - side transparent encryption ) storage on any third - party cloud service .
Multi-protocol clients
CloudCross — Synchronize local files and folders with many cloud providers .
Mail.ru Cloud , Yandex Disk , Google Drive , OneDrive and Dropbox support is available .
Rclone — Multi - provider sync , copy , and mount client .
Rclone Browser — GUI client for Rclone .
Google Drive clients
drive —
Tiny program to pull or push Google Drive files .
https://github.com/odeke-em/drive || AUR , AUR
DriveSync — Command line utility that synchronizes your Google Drive files with a local folder on your machine .
gdrive — Command line utility for interacting with Google Drive .
Grive — Google Drive client with support for new Drive REST API and partial sync .
Insync — Unofficial proprietary Google Drive desktop client .
ODrive — Google Drive GUI based on the Electron platform .
VGrive — GTK - based GUI client ( back - end and front - end ) for Google Drive made in Vala .
Other synchronization clients
aws - cli — CLI for Amazon Web Services , including efficient file transfers to and from Amazon S3 .
Backblaze B2 — Backblaze B2 open - source command - line client .
Baidu Netdisk — Proprietary client for cloud storage service launched by Baidu ( formerly Baidu Cloud ) .
Cozy Drive — Desktop client for Cozy .
Dropbox — Proprietary desktop client for Dropbox .
hubiC — Proprietary synchronization client service and command line tools for hubiC .
Mega Sync Client — Proprietary desktop client to sync files with Mega .
Megatools — Unofficial CLI for Mega .
Nextcloud Client — Desktop client for Nextcloud .
Nutstore — Proprietary desktop client for Nutstore .
OneDrive — Unofficial CLI for OneDrive .
ownCloud Desktop Client — Desktop syncing client for ownCloud .
pCloud Drive — Proprietary desktop syncing client for pCloud .
Based on the Electron platform .
PydioSync — Desktop client for Pydio .
S3cmd — Unofficial CLI for Amazon S3 .
Seafile Client — GUI client for Seafile .
SpiderOak One — Proprietary client for SpiderOak One .
Tresorit — Proprietary desktop syncing client for Tresorit .
Yandex Disk — Proprietary CLI for Yandex Disk .
FTP
FTP clients
See also Wikipedia : Comparison of FTP client software .
FileZilla — Fast and reliable FTP , FTPS and SFTP client .
gFTP — Multithreaded FTP client for Linux .
ftp —
Simple ftp client provided by GNU Inetutils
ncftp —
A set of free application programs implementing FTP .
tnftp — FTP client with several advanced features for NetBSD .
Some file managers like Dolphin , GNOME Files and Thunar also provide FTP functionality .
FTP servers
See also Wikipedia : List of FTP server software .
bftpd —
Small , easy - to - configure FTP server
ftpd —
Simple ftp server provided by GNU Inetutils
proFTPd —
A secure and configurable FTP server
Pure - FTPd — Free ( BSD - licensed ) , secure , production - quality and standard - compliant FTP server .
SSH — SFTP is a network protocol that provides file access , file transfer , and file management over any reliable data stream .
vsftpd —
Lightweight , stable and secure FTP server for UNIX - like systems .
BitTorrent clients
Some download managers are also able to connect to the BitTorrent network : Aria2 , LFTP , FatRat , KGet , MLDonkey , uGet .
See also Wikipedia : Comparison of BitTorrent clients .
Console
Ctorrent — CTorrent is a BitTorrent client implemented in C++ to be lightweight and quick .
peerflix —
Streaming torrent client for node.js .
rTorrent — Simple and lightweight ncurses BitTorrent client .
Requires backend .
Transmission CLI — Simple and easy - to - use BitTorrent client with a daemon version and multiple front - ends .
This package includes backend , daemon , command - line interface , and a Web UI interface .
Graphical
Deluge — User - friendly BitTorrent client written in Python using GTK that can run as a daemon .
Fragments —
Easy to use BitTorrent client which follows the GNOME HIG and includes well thought - out features .
FrostWire — Easy to use cloud downloader , BitTorrent client and media player .
Ktorrent — Feature - rich BitTorrent client for KDE .
Powder Player — Hybrid between a streaming BitTorrent client and a player .
Based on the Electron platform .
qBittorrent — Open source ( GPLv2 ) BitTorrent client with an integrated torrent search engine that strongly resembles µtorrent .
Tixati — Proprietary peer - to - peer file sharing program that uses the popular BitTorrent protocol .
Torrential — Simple torrent client for elementary OS .
Transmission —
Simple and easy - to - use BitTorrent client with a daemon version and multiple front - ends .
Transmission Remote — GTK client for remote management of the Transmission BitTorrent client , using its HTTP RPC protocol .
Tremotesf —
Qt client for remote management of the Transmission BitTorrent client , using its HTTP RPC protocol .
Tribler — 4th generation file sharing system BitTorrent client .
Vuze — Feature - rich BitTorrent client written in Java ( formerly Azureus ) .
WebTorrent Desktop — Streaming BitTorrent application .
Based on the Electron platform .
Other P2P networks
See also Wikipedia : Comparison of file - sharing applications .
aMule —
Well - known eDonkey / Kad client with a daemon version and GTK , web , and CLI front - ends .
EiskaltDC++ — Direct Connect and ADC client .
https://github.com/eiskaltdcpp/eiskaltdcpp || GTK : AUR , Qt : AUR
gtk - gnutella — GTK server / client for the Gnutella peer - to - peer network .
KaMule — KDE graphical front - end for aMule .
LBRY — Browser and wallet for LBRY , the decentralized , user - controlled content marketplace .
Based on the Electron platform .
MLDonkey — Multi-protocol P2P client that supports HTTP , FTP , BitTorrent , Direct Connect , eDonkey and FastTrack .
ncdc — Modern and lightweight Direct Connect and ADC client with a friendly ncurses interface .
Nicotine + — A graphical client for the Soulseek P2P network .
Send Anywhere — Proprietary file sharing service where users can directly share digital content in real time .
Based on the Electron platform .
Valknut — Direct Connect client ( like DC ++ ) with segmented downloading .
Pastebin clients
See also Wikipedia : Pastebin .
Pastebin services are often used to quote text or images while collaborating and troubleshooting .
Pastebin clients provide a convenient way to post from the command line .
Tip :
You can access the command |& curl - F 'f : 1 = <-' ix. io or upload a file : curl - F 'f : 1= <-' ix.io < file
You can access the ix.io pastebin using curl .
For example pipe the output of a command to ix.io: or upload a file : sprunge.us has a similar service , and also offers a plain HTML form .
Note : not use it .
pastebin.com is blocked for some people and has a history of annoying issues ( javascript , adverts , poor formatting , etc ) .
Douse it .
Elmer — Pastebin client similar to wgetpaste and curlpaste , except written in Perl and usable with wget or curl .
Servers : codepad.org , rafb.me , sprunge.us .
Fb-client — Client for the paste.xinu.at pastebin .
Gist — Command - line interface for the gist.github.com pastebin service .
imgur — A CLI client which can upload image to imgur.com image sharing service .
Ix — Client for the ix.io pastebin .
Pastebinit — Really small Python script that acts as a Pastebin client .
Servers : pastie.org , paste.kde.org , paste.debian.net , paste.ubuntu.com and others ( for a full list see pastebinit - l ) .
ruby - haste — Client for hastebin.com .
Uppity —
The pastebin client with an attitude .
Wgetpaste — Bash script that automates pasting to a number of pastebin services .
Servers : pastebin.ca , codepad.org , dpaste.com and pastebin.osuosl.org .
Communication
Email clients
See also Wikipedia : Comparison of email clients
Console
aerc —
Work in progress asynchronous email client .
alot —
An experimental terminal MUA based on notmuch mail .
It is written in python using the urwid toolkit .
Alpine — Fast , easy - to- use and Apache - licensed email client based on Pine .
S - nail — a mail processing system with a command syntax reminiscent of ed with lines replaced by messages .
Provides the functionality of mailx .
mu / mu4e — Email indexer ( mu ) and client for emacs ( mu4e ) .
Xapian based for fast searches .
Mutt —
Small but very powerful text - based mail client .
NeoMutt — Command line mail reader ( or MUA ) .
It 's a fork of Mutt with added features .
nmh —
A modular mail handling system .
notmuch — A fast mail indexer built on top of xapian .
Sup — CLI mail client with very fast searching , tagging , threading and GMail like operation .
Wanderlust — Email client and news reader for Emacs .
Graphical
Balsa —
Simple and light email client for GNOME .
Claws Mail — Lightweight GTK - based email client and news reader .
ElectronMail — Unofficial desktop app for several end - to - end encrypted email providers ( like ProtonMail , Tutanota ) .
Based on the Electron platform .
Evolution — Mature and feature - rich e-mail client that is part of the GNOME project .
Part of .
Geary —
Simple desktop mail client built in Vala .
GNOME Gmail —
It allows desktop mail actions , such as ' Send File as Email ' or web ' mailto ' links , to be handled by the Gmail web client .
Kmail —
Mature and feature - rich email client .
Part of .
Kube — Modern communication and collaboration client built with QtQuick .
Mailspring — Proprietary fork of Nylas Mail by one of the original authors .
Nylas Mail — Extensible desktop mail app .
Based on the Electron platform .
openWMail —
The missing desktop client for Gmail & Google Inbox .
Based on the Electron platform .
Protonmail Desktop — Unofficial app that emulates a native client for the ProtonMail e-mail service .
Based on the Electron platform .
SeaMonkey Mail & Newsgroups — Email client included in the SeaMonkey suite .
Sylpheed — Lightweight and user - friendly GTK email client .
Thunderbird — Feature - rich email client from Mozilla written in GTK .
Trojitá — Qt IMAP email client .
Only supports one IMAP account .
Web - based
Mailpile —
A modern , fast web - mail client with user - friendly encryption and privacy features .
Nextcloud Mail —
An email webapp for NextCloud .
Roundcubemail — Browser - based multilingual IMAP client webapp with a native application - like user interface .
SquirrelMail — Webmail for Nuts !
Mail notifiers
Ayatana Webmail — Webmail notifications and actions for any desktop .
Bubblemail — New and Unread mail notification service for local mailboxes , pop , imap , and gnome online accounts .
A fork of Mailnag .
CheckMails —
System tray unread mail checker using IMAP protocol .
Gnubiff —
Mail notification program that checks for mail and displays headers when new mail has arrived .
Mailnag — Extensible mail notification daemon .
QGmailNotifier — Portable Qt5 based GMail notifier .
Mail servers
See Mail server .
DavMail — POP / IMAP / SMTP / Caldav / Carddav/LDAP
exchange gateway allowing users to use any mail / calendar client with an Exchange server .
Modoboa —
A modular mail hosting and management platform , written in Python .
Mail retrieval agents
See also Wikipedia : Mail retrieval agent .
fdm — Program to fetch and deliver mail .
Fetchmail — A remote - mail retrieval utility .
getmail — A POP3 / IMAP4 mail retriever with reliable Maildir and command delivery .
hydroxide —
A third - party , open - source ProtonMail CardDAV , IMAP and SMTP bridge
imapsync — IMAP synchronisation , sync , copy or migration tool
isync — IMAP and MailDir mailbox synchronizer
mpop —
A small , fast POP3 client suitable as a fetchmail replacement
OfflineIMAP — Synchronizes emails between two repositories .
Instant messaging clients
See also Wikipedia : Comparison of instant messaging clients and Wikipedia : Comparison of VoIP software .
This section lists all client software with instant messaging support .
Multi-protocol clients
Note :
All messengers , that support several networks by means of direct connections to them , belong to this section .
The number of networks supported by these clients is very large but they ( like any multi- protocol clients ) usually have very limited or no support for network - specific features .
Console
BarnOwl — Ncurses - based chat client with support for the Zephyr , XMPP , IRC and Twitter protocols .
BitlBee — IRC gateway to popular chat networks ( XMPP , ICQ and Twitter ) .
CenterIM —
Text mode menu- and window - driven IM interface .
Supports most of widely used IM protocols , including ICQ , IRC , XMPP .
EKG2 — Ncurses based XMPP , Gadu - Gadu , ICQ and IRC client .
Finch —
Ncurses - based chat client that uses libpurple and supports all its protocols ( Bonjour , Gadu - Gadu , Groupwise , ICQ , IRC , SIMPLE , XMPP , Zephyr ) .
Graphical
Jitsi — Audio / video VoIP phone and instant messenger written in Java that supports protocols such as SIP , XMPP , ICQ , IRC and many other useful features .
Kopete — User - friendly IM supporting Bonjour , Gadu - Gadu , GroupWise , ICQ , XMPP .
KDE Telepathy — KDE instant messaging client using the Telepathy framework .
Meant as a replacement for Kopete .
Pidgin — Multi- protocol instant messaging client with audio support that uses libpurple and supports all its protocols ( Bonjour , Gadu - Gadu , Groupwise , ICQ , IRC , SIMPLE , XMPP , Zephyr ) .
qutIM — Simple and user - friendly IM supporting ICQ , XMPP , Mail .
Ru , IRC and VKontakte messaging .
Smuxi — Cross - platform IRC client that also supports Twitter and XMPP .
Thunderbird — Feature - rich email client supports instant messaging and chat using IRC , XMPP and Twitter .
Volt —
Proprietary native desktop client for Skype , Telegram , Slack , XMPP , Discord , IRC and more .
IRC clients
See also Wikipedia : Comparison of Internet Relay Chat clients .
Console
BitchX — Console - based IRC client developed from the popular ircII .
ERC — Powerful , modular and extensible IRC client for Emacs .
https://savannah.gnu.org/projects/erc/
|| included with
ii — Featherweight IRC client , literally tail -f the conversation and echo back your replies to a file .
ircii —
Oldest maintained IRC client which lays claim to being small and fast owing to its reduced feature set .
Irssi —
Highly - configurable ncurses - based IRC client .
pork —
Programmable , ncurses - based IRC client that mostly looks and feels like ircII .
ScrollZ — Advanced IRC client based on ircII .
sic —
Extremely simple IRC client , similar to ii .
tiny — an IRC client written in Rust with a clutter - free interface
WeeChat — Modular , lightweight ncurses - based IRC client .
Comparison
Name Package Written in Extensible SASL BitchX AUR C ? ?
ERC ELisp in ELisp via script ii AUR C stdin / stdout No Irssi C in Perl Yes pork C in Perl No ScrollZ AUR C ?
No sic AUR C stdin / stdout No tiny AUR Rust No Yes WeeChat C multiple languages Yes
Graphical
HexChat — Fork of XChat for Linux and Windows .
Konversation — Qt - based IRC client for the KDE desktop .
KVIrc — Qt - based IRC client featuring extensive themes support .
Loqui — GTK IRC client .
LostIRC — Simple GTK IRC client with tab - autocompletion , multiple server support , logging and others .
Polari — Simple IRC client by the GNOME project .
Quassel — Modern , cross-platform , distributed IRC client .
Srain — Modern , beautiful IRC client written in GTK 3 .
XMPP clients
See also Wikipedia : XMPP and Wikipedia : Comparison of instant messaging clients #XMPP - related features .
Console
Freetalk — Console - based XMPP client .
jabber.el — Minimal XMPP client for Emacs .
jp ( Salut à Toi ) — CLI frontend for Salut à Toi , multi- purpose XMPP client
MCabber — Small XMPP console client , includes features : SSL , PGP , MUC , OTR and UTF8 .
Poezio — XMPP client with IRC feeling
Primitivus ( Salut à Toi ) — Console frontend for Salut à Toi , multi- purpose XMPP client
Profanity — A console based XMPP client inspired by Irssi .
xmpp-client — A minimalist XMPP client with OTR support .
Graphical
Cagou ( Salut à Toi ) — Desktop / mobiles frontend for Salut à Toi , multi- purpose XMPP client
Converse.js —
Web - based XMPP chat client written in JavaScript .
Dino —
A modern , easy to use XMPP client , with PGP and OMEMO support .
Gajim — XMPP client with audio support written in Python using GTK .
Kaidan —
A simple , user - friendly Jabber / XMPP client providing a modern user interface using Kirigami and QtQuick .
Kadu — Qt - based XMPP and Gadu - Gadu client .
Libervia ( Salut à Toi ) —
Web frontend for Salut à Toi , multi- purpose XMPP client
Nextcloud JavaScript XMPP
Client —
Chat app for Nextcloud with XMPP , end - to - end encryption , video calls , file transfer & group chat .
Psi — Qt - based XMPP client .
Spark — Cross - platform real - time XMPP collaboration client optimized for business and organizations .
Swift — XMPP client written in C++ with Qt and Swiften .
Tkabber —
Easy to hack feature - rich XMPP client by the author of the ejabberd XMPP server .
Vacuum IM — Full - featured crossplatform XMPP client .
SIP clients
See also Wikipedia : List of SIP software #Clients .
Blink —
State of the art , easy to use SIP client .
Jami — SIP - compatible softphone and instant messenger for the decentralized Jami network .
Formerly known as Ring and SFLphone .
Linphone — VoIP phone application ( SIP client ) for communicating freely with people over the internet , with voice , video , and text instant messaging .
Twinkle —
Qt softphone for VoIP and IM communication using SIP .
Zoiper — Proprietary SIP and IAX2 VoIP softphone
Matrix clients
See also Matrix .
Element — Glossy Matrix client with an emphasis on performance and usability .
Web application and desktop application based on the Electron platform .
Fractal — Matrix client for GNOME written in Rust .
Mirage —
A fancy , customizable , keyboard - operable Matrix chat client for encrypted and decentralized communication .
Written in Qt / QML +
Python with nio , currently in alpha .
https://github.com/mirukana/mirage || AUR , AUR
nheko — Desktop client for the Matrix protocol .
https://github.com/Nheko-Reborn/nheko || AUR , AUR
Quaternion — Qt5 - based IM client for the Matrix protocol .
Spectral — Qt5 - based Glossy cross-platform client for Matrix .
Tox clients
See also Tox .
qTox — Powerful
Tox client written in C++/ Qt that follows the Tox design guidelines .
ratox — FIFO based tox client .
Toxic — ncurses - based Tox client
Toxygen —
Tox client written in pure Python3 .
Venom — a modern
Tox client for the GNU / Linux desktop
µ Tox — Lightweight Tox client .
LAN messengers
See also Avahi# Link - Local ( Bonjour / Zeroconf ) chat and Wikipedia : Comparison of LAN messengers .
BeeBEEP — Secure LAN Messenger .
iptux — LAN communication software , compatible with IP Messenger .
LAN Messenger — P2P chat application for intranet communication and does not require a server .
A variety of handy features are supported including notifications , personal and group messaging with encryption , file transfer and message logging .
P2P messaging clients
See also Ring and Tox .
Bitmessage — Decentralized and trustless P2P communications protocol for sending encrypted messages to another person or to many subscribers .
Patchwork — Decentralized messaging and sharing app built on top of Secure Scuttlebutt ( SSB ) .
Based on the Electron platform .
RetroShare — Serverless encrypted instant messenger with filesharing , chatgroups , mail .
Ricochet —
Anonymous peer - to - peer instant messaging system built on Tor hidden services .
Other IM clients
Caprine — Unofficial Facebook Messenger app . Based on the Electron platform .
Delta Chat —
A privacy oriented chat application built on e-mail .
Based on the Electron platform .
Discord — Proprietary all - in - one voice and text chat application for gamers that ’s free and works on both your desktop and phone .
Esmska — Program for sending SMS over the Internet .
Gitter — Communication product for communities and teams on GitHub .
Hangups —
Third - party instant messaging client for Google Hangouts with console interface .
ICQ — Official ICQ client for Linux .
Kotatogram — Experimental fork of Telegram Desktop .
Matterhorn — Console client for the Mattermost chat system .
Mattermost Desktop — Desktop application for Mattermost .
Based on the Electron platform .
Mumble — Voice chat application similar to TeamSpeak .
QHangups — Alternative client for Google Hangouts written in PyQt .
QQ — Proprietary instant messaging software developed by Tencent ( imitating ICQ ) .
Rocket .
Chat Desktop — Desktop application for Rocket .
Chat .
Based on the Electron platform .
Signal — Signal Private Messenger for the Desktop .
Based on the Electron platform .
Skype —
Popular but proprietary application for voice and video communication .
Based on the Electron platform .
Slack — Proprietary Slack client for desktop .
Based on the Electron platform .
TeamSpeak — Proprietary VoIP application with gamers as its target audience .
TeamTalk — Proprietary VoIP application with video chat , file and desktop sharing .
Desktop sharing does not appear to be working in Linux though .
AUR package is server only , but client is built in the make process .
Telegram Desktop — Official Telegram desktop client .
Viber — Proprietary cross-platform IM and VoIP software .
Wire — Modern , private messenger .
Based on the Electron platform .
YakYak — Unofficial desktop client for Google Hangouts .
Based on the Electron platform .
Zoom —
Proprietary video conferencing , online meetings and group messaging application .
Zulip — Desktop client for Zulip group chat .
Based on the Electron platform .
Instant messaging servers
See also Wikipedia : Comparison of instant messaging protocols .
IRC servers
See also Wikipedia : Comparison of Internet Relay Chat daemons .
InspIRCd —
A stable , modern and lightweight IRC daemon .
IRCD - Hybrid —
A lightweight , high - performance internet relay chat daemon .
miniircd — A small and configuration free IRC server , suitable for private use .
ngIRCd —
A free , portable and lightweight Internet Relay Chat server for small or private networks .
oragono — A modern IRC server written in Go .
UnrealIRCd — Open Source IRC Server .
XMPP servers
See also Wikipedia : Comparison of XMPP server software .
Prosody —
An XMPP server written in the Lua programming language .
Prosody is designed to be lightweight and highly extensible .
It is licensed under a permissive MIT license .
Ejabberd — Robust , scalable and extensible XMPP Server written in Erlang
Jabberd2 — An XMPP server written in the C language and licensed under the GNU General Public License .
It was inspired by jabberd14 .
Openfire —
An XMPP IM multiplatform server written in Java
SIP servers
See also Wikipedia : List of SIP software #Servers .
Asterisk — A complete PBX solution .
Kamailio — Rock solid SIP server .
openSIPS — SIP proxy / server for voice , video , IM , presence and any other SIP extensions .
Repro —
An open - source , free SIP server .
Yate —
Advanced , mature , flexible telephony server that is used for VoIP and fixed networks , and for traditional mobile operators and MVNOs .
Other IM servers
Mattermost —
Open source private cloud server , Slack - alternative .
Murmur —
The voice chat application server for Mumble .
Nextcloud Talk — Video- and audio - conferencing app for Nextcloud .
Rocket .
Chat —
Web chat server , developed in JavaScript , using the Meteor fullstack framework .
Spreed WebRTC — WebRTC audio / video call and conferencing server .
Synapse — Reference homeserver for the Matrix protocol .
TeamSpeak Server — Proprietary VoIP conference server .
uMurmur — Minimalistic Mumble server .
Collaborative software
See also Wikipedia : Collaborative software .
Citadel / UX — Includes an email & mailing list server , instant messaging , address books , calendar / scheduling , bulletin boards , and wiki and blog engines .
Kolab — Kolab Groupware solution consisting of a server and various clients .
Open -Xchange —
A groupware solution providing mail facilities , calendaring , shared contacts and Google - Docs - like text editing
SOGo — Groupware server built around OpenGroupware.org ( OGo ) and the SOPE application server .
News , RSS , and blogs
News aggregators
RSS / Atom aggregators .
Some email clients are also able to act as news aggregator : Claws Mail RSSyl plugin , Evolution RSS plugin , SeaMonkey Mail & Newsgroups , Thunderbird .
See also Wikipedia : Comparison of feed aggregators .
Console
Canto — Ncurses RSS aggregator .
Gnus — Email , NNTP and RSS client for Emacs .
Newsboat — Ncurses RSS aggregator with layout and keybinding similar to the Mutt email client .
Rawdog — " RSS Aggregator Without Delusions Of Grandeur " that parses RSS / CDF / Atom feeds into a static HTML page of articles in chronological order .
sfeed — Lightweight RSS and Atom parser .
Snownews —
Text mode RSS news reader .
Graphical
Akregator —
News aggregator for KDE , part of .
Alduin — RSS , Atom and JSON feed aggregator .
Based on the Electron platform .
FeedReader — Modern desktop application designed to complement existing web - based RSS accounts .
Discontinued .
Feeds —
An RSS / Atom feed reader for GNOME .
HackUp — Read Hacker
News from the desktop .
Liferea — GTK news aggregator for online news feeds and weblogs .
NewsFlash — Modern feed reader designed for the GNOME desktop .
The spiritual successor to FeedReader .
Nextcloud News — RSS / Atom feed reader for Nextcloud .
QuiteRSS — RSS / Atom feed reader written on Qt / С ++.
Raven —
Simple desktop RSS reader made using VueJS .
Based on the Electron platform .
RSS Guard —
Very tiny RSS and ATOM news reader developed using Qt framework .
selfoss —
The new multipurpose RSS reader , live stream , mashup , aggregation web application .
Tickr — GTK - based RSS
Reader that displays feeds as a smooth scrolling line on your desktop , as known from TV stations .
Tiny Tiny RSS — Web - based news feed ( RSS / Atom ) aggregator .
Podcast clients
Some media players are also able to act as podcast client : Amarok , Banshee , Cantata , Clementine , Goggles Music Manager , Rhythmbox , VLC media player .
git-annex can also function as podcatcher .
See also Wikipedia : List of podcatchers .
Console
castero — A TUI podcast client for the terminal .
castget —
Simple , command - line RSS enclosure downloader , primarily intended for automatic , unattended downloading of podcasts .
gpo —
Text mode interface of gPodder .
Greg —
A command - line podcast aggregator .
Marrie —
A simple podcast client that runs on the Command Line Interface .
pcd —
A minimal podcast client written in go
Graphical
CPod —
Simple , beautiful podcast app .
Based on the Electron platform .
GNOME Podcasts — Podcast client for the GNOME Desktop written in Rust .
g Podder — Podcast client and media aggregator ( GTK interface ) .
Vocal —
Simple podcast client for the Modern Desktop ( GTK ) .
Usenet newsreaders
Some email clients are also able to act as Usenet newsreader : Claws Mail , Evolution , NeoMutt , SeaMonkey Mail & Newsgroups , Sylpheed , Thunderbird .
See also : Wikipedia : List of Usenet newsreaders , Wikipedia : Comparison of Usenet newsreaders .
Console
nn — Alternative more user - friendly ( curses - based ) Usenet newsreader for UNIX .
slrn —
Text - based news client .
tin —
A cross-platform threaded NNTP and spool based UseNet newsreader .
trn —
A text - based Threaded Usenet newsreader .
Graphical
LottaNZB — A SABnzbd ( Usenet binary downloader ) GUI front - end written in PyGTK ( Python 2 )
NZBGet —
Usenet binary downloader for .nzb files with web and CLI interface .
Pan — GTK
Usenet newsreader that 's good at both text and binaries .
SABnzbd —
An open - source binary newsreader webapp written in Python .
XRN — Usenet newsreader for X Window System .
Microblogging clients
See also Wikipedia : List of Twitter services and applications .
Console
oysttyer — ( official fork of ttytter )
An interactive console text - based command - line Twitter client written in Perl .
Rainbowstream —
A powerful and fully - featured console Twitter client written in Python .
toot — CLI and TUI tool for interacting with Mastodon instances
turses —
Twitter client for the console based off tyrs with major improvements .
Graphical
Birdie — Beautiful Twitter client designed for elementary OS .
Cawbird — Native GTK
Twitter client for the Linux desktop .
Choqok —
Microblogging client for KDE that supports
Twitter.com , Pump.io , GNU social and opendesktop.org services .
Mikutter — Simple , powerful Twitter client using GTK and Ruby .
Polly — Linux
Twitter client designed for multiple columns of multiple accounts .
Pumpa — Pump.io client written in C++ and Qt .
Tootle — GTK3 client for Mastodon .
Turpial — Multi-interface Twitter client written in Python .
Whalebird — Mastodon client application .
Based on the Electron platform .
Blog engines
See also Wikipedia : Blog software and Wikipedia : List of content management systems .
Note : Content managers , social networks , and blog publishers overlap in many functions .
Diaspora —
A distributed privacy aware social network .
https://diasporafoundation.org || AUR or AUR
Drupal — A PHP - based content management platform .
Ghost —
Blogging platform written in JavaScript and distributed under the MIT License , designed to simplify the process of online publishing for individual bloggers as well as online publications .
Joomla — A php Content Management System ( CMS ) which enables you to build websites and powerful online applications .
Wordpress —
Blog tool and publishing platform .
Static site generators
Hexo —
Fast , simple and powerful blog framework .
Hugo —
Hugo is a static HTML and CSS website generator written in Go .
It is optimized for speed , ease of use , and configurability .
Jekyll — Static blog engine , written in Ruby , which supports Markdown , textile and other formats .
Nanoblogger — A small weblog engine written in Bash for the command line .
It uses common UNIX tools such as cat , grep , and sed to create static HTML content .
It is not maintained anymore .
Nikola — Static site generator written in Python , with incremental rebuilds and multiple markup formats .
Pelican — Static site generator , powered by Python .
Remote desktop
See also Wikipedia : Remote desktop software and Wikipedia : Comparison of remote desktop software .
Remote desktop clients
AnyDesk — Proprietary remote desktop software .
GNOME Boxes —
A simple GNOME 3 application to access remote or virtual systems .
Supports RDP , VNC and SPICE .
GNOME Connections — Remote desktop client for GNOME .
Supports RDP and VNC .
GVncViewer — Simple VNC Client on Gtk-VNC .
Run with gvncviewer .
KRDC — Remote Desktop Client for KDE .
Supports RDP and VNC .
Part of .
Remmina — Remote desktop client written in GTK .
Supports RDP , VNC , NX , XDMCP and SSH .
Remote Viewer —
Simple remote display client .
Supports SPICE and VNC .
Remotely — Simple VNC viewer for GNOME .
Sunlogin Remote Control — Proprietary software that supports remote control of mobile devices , Windows , Mac , Linux and other systems .
It uses its own proprietary protocol .
TeamViewer — Proprietary remote desktop client .
It uses its own proprietary protocol .
vncviewer ( TigerVNC ) — VNC viewer for X .
Vinagre — Remote desktop viewer for GNOME .
Supports RDP , VNC , SPICE and SSH .
Part of .
xfreerdp — FreeRDP X11 client .
Run with xfreerdp .
X2 Go Client —
A graphical client ( Qt5 ) for the X2 Go system that uses the NX technology protocol .
Remote desktop servers
Krfb — VNC server for KDE .
Part of .
wayvnc — VNC server for wlroots based wayland compositors ( such as ) .
x0vncserver ( TigerVNC ) — VNC Server for X displays .
x11vnc — VNC server for real X displays .
X2 Go Server —
An open source remote desktop software that uses the NX technology protocol .
Xrdp —
A daemon that supports RDP .
It uses Xvnc , X11rdp or xorgxrdp as a backend .
Multimedia
Codecs
See the main article : Codecs .
Image
Image viewers
See also Wikipedia : Comparison of image viewers .
Framebuffer image viewers
fbi —
Image viewer for the linux framebuffer console .
fbv —
Very simple graphic file viewer for the framebuffer console .
fim —
Highly customizable and scriptable framebuffer image viewer based on fbi .
jfbview — Framebuffer PDF and image viewer based on Imlib2 .
Features include Vim - like controls , rotation and zoom , zoom - to - fit , and fast multi- threaded rendering .
Graphical image viewers
Deepin Image Viewer — Image viewer for Deepin desktop .
Ephoto —
A light image viewer based on EFL .
Eye of GNOME — Image viewing and cataloging program , which is a part of the GNOME desktop environment .
Eye of MATE — Simple graphics viewer for the MATE desktop .
EyeSight — Image viewer for the Hawaii desktop environment .
feh —
Fast , lightweight image viewer that uses imlib2 .
GalaPix — OpenGL - based image viewer for simultaneously viewing and zooming large collections of image files ,
Geeqie —
Image browser and viewer ( fork of GQview ) that adds additional functionality such as support for RAW files .
GPicView —
Simple and fast image viewer for X , which is part of the LXDE desktop .
http://lxde.sourceforge.net/gpicview/
|| GTK 2 : , GTK 3 :
Gwenview —
Fast and easy to use image viewer for the KDE desktop .
ida — X11 application ( Motif based ) for viewing images .
imv — Lightweight image viewer with support for Wayland and animated GIFs which uses FreeImage .
LxImage - Qt — The LXQt image viewer .
meh — meh is a small , simple , super fast image viewer using raw XLib .
Mirage — PyGTK image viewer featuring support for crop and resize , custom actions and a thumbnail panel .
nomacs —
Qt image viewer .
It is feature - rich but starts fast and can be configured to show additional widgets or only the image .
Phototonic —
Fast and functional image viewer and browser ( Qt ) .
PhotoQt —
Fast and highly configurable image viewer with a simple and nice interface .
pqiv — GTK 3 based command - line image viewer with a minimal UI supporting images in compressed archives , rewrite of qiv .
qimgv —
Fast and easy to use Qt5 image viewer .
Supports webm / mp4 playback via mpv .
Quick Image Viewer —
Very small and fast image viewer based on GTK and imlib2 .
qView —
Qt image viewer designed with minimalism and usability in mind .
Ristretto —
Fast and lightweight image viewer for the Xfce desktop environment .
shufti — shufti non-destructively saves and restores the zoom level , rotation , window size , desktop location and viewing area on a per-image / file location basis
sxiv —
Simple image viewer based on imlib2 that works well with tiling window managers .
Viewnior — Minimalistic GTK image viewer featuring support for flipping , rotating , animations and configurable mouse actions .
Vimiv —
An image viewer with vim - like keybindings .
It is written in python3 using the Gtk3 toolkit .
vpv —
Image viewer designed for scientific image visualization .
Xloadimage — Classic X image viewer .
Image organizers
See also Wikipedia : Image organizer .
Deepin Album —
Photo manager for viewing and organizing pictures , for Deepin desktop .
digiKam — KDE - based image organizer with built - in editing features via a plugin architecture .
digiKam asserts it is more full featured than similar applications with a larger set of image manipulation features including RAW image import and manipulation .
Frogr —
Small application for the GNOME desktop that allows users to manage their accounts in the Flickr image hosting website .
GNOME Photos —
Access , organize , and share your photos on GNOME .
g Thumb — Image viewer and browser for the GNOME desktop .
KPhotoAlbum — Digital image cataloging software that supports annotation , browsing , searching and viewing of digital images and videos .
Memories — Image viewer and manager designed for elementary OS .
Pantheon Photos — Photo organizer for Pantheon .
Pix —
Image viewer and browser based on gthumb .
X - Apps Project .
Rapid Photo Downloader — Download photos and videos from cameras , memory cards and portable storage devices .
Shotwell — A digital photo organizer designed for the GNOME desktop environment
Image processing
CairoSVG — SVG to PNG , PDF , PS converter .
Converseen — Qt - based batch image converter and resizer .
CropGUI — GTK utility for lossless cropping and rotation of jpeg files
dcraw — Converts many camera RAW formats .
Fyre —
Tool for producing computational artwork based on histograms of iterated chaotic functions .
G'MIC — Full - featured open - source framework for image processing , providing several different user interfaces to convert / manipulate / filter / visualize generic image datasets , ranging from 1d scalar signals to 3d+t sequences of multi-spectral volumetric images , including 2d color images .
GraphicsMagick — Fork of ImageMagick designed to have API and command - line stability .
It also supports multi-CPU for enhanced performance and thus is used by some large commercial sites ( Flickr , etsy ) for its performance .
ImageMagick — Command - line image manipulation program .
It is known for its accurate format conversions with support for over 100 formats .
Its API enables it to be scripted and it is usually used as a backend processor .
PosteRazor —
Cut an image or PDF into pieces which can be printed and assembled to a poster
Image compression
Console
Guetzli —
A perceptual JPEG encoder , aiming for excellent compression density at high visual quality .
jpegoptim — JPEG optimization utility providing lossless and lossy compression .
optipng — Lossless PNG compressor .
pngcrush —
Tool for optimizing the compression of PNG files .
pngquant — Lossy compression of PNG images .
zopflipng —
Highly efficient PNG optimisation tool using Google 's zopfli library
Graphical
Image Optimizer — Simple lossless image optimizer built with Vala and Gtk for Elementary OS .
ImCompressor — GTK - based image compressor , supporting PNG and JPEG file types .
Trimage — Qt - based tool for optimizing PNG and JPG files .
Raster graphics editors
See also Wikipedia : Comparison of raster graphics editors .
AzPainter — Painting software for illustration drawing .
Deepin Draw — Lightweight drawing tool for Deepin desktop .
Drawing —
Drawing application for the GNOME desktop , using Cairo and GdkPixbuf for basic drawing operations .
Drawpile — Collaborative drawing program that allows multiple users to sketch on the same canvas simultaneously .
GIMP — Image editing suite in the vein of proprietary editors such as Adobe Photoshop .
GIMP ( GNU Image Manipulation Program ) has been started in the mid 1990s and has acquired a large number of plugins and additional tools .
Glimpse —
A fork of GIMP , usability - focused free software application capable of expert level image manipulation .
Gpaint — Paintbrush clone for GNOME .
GrafX2 — Bitmap paint program specialized in 256 color drawing .
ImEditor — Simple and versatile image editor .
KolourPaint —
Free raster graphics editor for KDE , similar to Microsoft 's Paint application before Windows 7 , but with some additional features such as support for transparency .
Part of and groups .
Krita — Digital painting and illustration software included based on the KDE platform .
mtPaint — Graphics editing program geared towards creating indexed palette images and pixel art .
MyPaint —
Free software graphics application for digital painters .
PhotoFlare — Simple but powerful image editor originally inspired by PhotoFiltre .
Pinta — Drawing and editing program modeled after Paint.NET .
Its goal is to provide a simplified alternative to GIMP for casual users .
XPaint — Color image editing tool which features most standard paint program options .
Some image viewers and organizers like digiKam , Ephoto , GNOME Photos , gThumb , ida , nomacs , Pantheon Photos , Phototonic and Shotwell also provide some basic image manipulation functionality .
Specialized photo editors
darktable — Photography workflow and RAW development application .
Hugin — Panorama photo stitcher .
LightZone — Professional - level digital darkroom and photo editor comparable to Photoshop Lightroom .
Luminance HDR —
Open source graphical user interface application that aims to provide a workflow for HDR imaging .
nUFRaw — Utility to read and manipulate raw images from digital cameras using DCRaw .
Oqapy — Photographic workflow application .
Rawstudio — Raw - image converter written in GTK .
RawTherapee —
A powerful cross-platform raw image processing program .
Vector graphics editors
See also Wikipedia : Comparison of vector graphics editors .
Dia — GTK - based diagram creation program .
diagrams.net —
Diagram drawing application built on web technology .
Based on the Electron platform .
Gravit Designer — Proprietary vector design application .
Based on the Electron platform .
Inkscape — Vector graphics editor , with capabilities similar to Illustrator , CorelDraw , or Xara X , using the SVG ( Scalable Vector Graphics ) file format .
Inkscape supports many advanced SVG features ( markers , clones , alpha blending , etc. ) and great care is taken in designing a streamlined interface .
It is very easy to edit nodes , perform complex path operations , trace bitmaps and much more .
It 's developers also aim to maintain a thriving user and developer community by using open , community - oriented development .
Karbon — Vector graphics editor , part of the Calligra Suite .
LibreOffice Draw — Vector graphics editor and diagramming tool included in the LibreOffice suite similar to Microsoft Visio .
Milton — Infinite - canvas paint program .
Mockingbot — Proprietary prototyping & collaboration design tool .
Based on the Electron platform .
OpenOffice Draw — Vector graphics editor and diagramming tool included in the OpenOffice suite .
Pencil Project — GUI prototyping and mockup tool .
Based on the Electron platform .
sK1 — Replacement for Adobe Illustrator or CorelDraw , oriented for " prepress ready " PostScript & PDF output .
SvgVi — SVG viewer and editor using XML declarations .
yEd — General - purpose proprietary diagramming program for flowcharts , network diagrams , UML diagrams , BPMN diagrams , mind maps , organization charts , and Entity Relationship diagrams .
Xfig —
Interactive drawing tool .
Font editors
See also Wikipedia : Comparison of font editors .
Birdfont —
Font editor which lets you create vector graphics and export TTF , EOT and SVG fonts .
FontForge — Outline font editor .
TruFont — Font-editing application .
2D animation
OpenToonz — 2D animation creation software .
Pencil2D — Easy , intuitive tool to make 2D hand - drawn animations .
qStopMotion — Application for creating stop-motion animation movies .
The users will be able to create stop- motions from pictures imported from a camera or from the harddrive and export the animation to different video formats such as mpeg or avi .
Stopmotion — Application to create stop-motion animations .
It helps you capture and edit the frames of your animation and export them as a single file .
Synfig Studio — 2D animation software , designed as powerful industrial - strength solution for creating film - quality animation using a vector and bitmap artwork .
TupiTube Desk — Desktop application to create and share 2D animations , focused on kids and teenagers .
The drawing application Krita and the 3D editor Blender ( Grease Pencil mode ) have both 2D animation features too .
3D computer graphics
See also Wikipedia : Comparison of 3D computer graphics software .
Art of Illusion — 3D modeling and rendering studio written in Java .
Blender —
Fully integrated 3D graphics creation suite capable of 3D modeling , texturing , and animation , among other things .
Dust3D — 3D modeling software .
It helps you create a 3D watertight base model in seconds .
Use it to speed up your character modeling in game making , 3D printing , and so on .
F3D — A fast and minimalist KISS 3D viewer .
Supported file formats : VTK ( legacy and XML ) , STL , GLTF , PLY , OBJ , 3DS , …
Goxel — Open Source 3D voxel editor .
MakeHuman™ — Parametrical modeling program for creating human bodies .
Sweet Home 3D — Interior design software application for the planning and development of floor plans
POV - Ray — Script - based raytracer for creating 3D graphics .
VoxelShop —
Extremely intuitive and powerful software to modify and create voxel objects .
Wings 3D — Advanced subdivision modeler that is both powerful and easy to use .
Color pickers and palettes
Agave — Colorscheme designer tool for GNOME .
Chameleon —
Simple color picker for X11 which outputs colors to stdout .
ColorGrab — Cross - platform color picker .
Color Palette —
Tool for viewing the GNOME color palette as defined by the design guidelines .
colorpicker — Click on a pixel on your screen and print its color value in RGB .
Written for X11 .
Color Picker — Simplistic color picker for the Pantheon desktop .
Coulr — Color box to help developers and designers .
Deepin Picker — Color picker tool for Deepin desktop .
delicolour — Lightweight GTK 3 color finder .
gcolor2 — Simple GTK 2 color selector .
Gcolor3 — Simple GTK 3 color selector .
GPick — Advanced color picker tool .
KColorChooser —
Simple application to select the color from the screen or from a pallete .
Part of .
MATE Color Selection — Choose colors from the palette or the screen .
Run with mate - color - select .
Pick —
Simple color picker tool for the Linux desktop .
PrestoPalette —
An artist 's tool for creating harmonious color palettes .
xcolor — Lightweight color picker for X11 .
Screenshot
See Screen capture #Screenshot software .
Digital camera managers
See gPhoto # Installation .
Audio
Audio systems
See also the main article Sound system and Wikipedia : Sound server .
Audio players
See also Wikipedia : Comparison of audio player software .
Server
Music Player Daemon — Audio player that has a server - client architecture .
In order to interface with it , a separate client is needed .
Console
cmus —
Very feature - rich ncurses - based music player .
Cplay —
Curses front - end for various audio players ( ogg123 , mpg123 , mpg321 , splay , madplay , and mikmod , xmp , and sox ) .
Herrie — Minimalistic console - based music player with native AudioScrobbler support .
MOC — Ncurses console audio player with support for the MP3 , OGG , and WAV formats .
MPFC — Gstreamer - based audio player with curses interface .
mpg123 — Fast free MP3 console audio player for Linux , FreeBSD , Solaris , HP - UX and nearly all other UNIX systems ( also decodes MP1 and MP2 files ) .
pianobar — Console - based frontend for the online radio Pandora .
vitunes — Curses - based music player and playlist manager with vim - like keybindings .
whistle — Curses - based commandline audio player .
XMMS2 — Complete rewrite of the popular music player .
Graphical
GStreamer - based
Banshee — iTunes clone , built with GTK and Mono , feature - rich .
Byte —
Music player designed for elementary OS .
Clementine — Amarok 1.4 clone , ported to Qt5 .
Cozy — Modern audio book player for Linux using GTK 3 .
Exaile — GTK clone of Amarok .
GNOME Internet Radio Locator —
Easily find live radio programs based on geographical location of radio broadcasters on the Internet .
GNOME Music — Music is the new GNOME music playing application .
It aims to combine an elegant and immersive browsing experience with simple and straightforward controls .
Goodvibes — Lightweight internet radio player .
Guayadeque —
Full featured media player that can easily manage large collections and uses the GStreamer media framework .
Lollypop — A GNOME music player .
Melody —
Music player for listening to local music files , online radios and audio CD's .
Muine —
A music player written in C Sharp .
Pantheon Music —
Simple , fast , and good looking music player .
The official elementary music player .
Parlatype — Minimal audio player for manual speech transcription , for GNOME .
It plays audio sources to transcribe them in your favorite text application .
Pithos — Python / GTK Pandora Radio desktop client .
Pragha —
A lightweight two - panel GTK music manager written in C .
Quod Libet — Audio player written with GTK , Python and GStreamer with support for regular expressions in playlists .
Radiotray - NG — Internet radio player systray applet .
Rhythmbox — GTK clone of iTunes , used by default in GNOME .
Sayonara — Small , clear and fast audio player for Linux written in C++ , uses the Qt framework .
Shortwave — GTK 3 application for finding and listening to internet radio stations .
Strawberry — Fork of Clementine aimed at audio enthusiasts and music collectors .
Tauon Music Box —
Modern , comfortable and streamlined music player for the playback of your music collection .
Phonon - based
Amarok — Mature Qt - based player known for its plethora of features .
JuK — JuK is an audio jukebox application , supporting collections of MP3 , Ogg Vorbis , and FLAC audio files .
Other
Aqualung — Advanced music player , which plays audio CDs , internet radio streams and podcasts as well as soundfiles in just about any audio format and has the feature of inserting no gaps between adjacent tracks .
ArchSimian — Graphical Qt - based playlist creator that mines data from the user 's MediaMonkey database .
Audacious — Winamp clone like Beep and old XMMS versions .
DeaDBeeF —
Light and fast music player with many features , no GNOME or KDE dependencies , supports console - only , as well as a GTK GUI , comes with many plugins , and has a metadata editor .
Deepin Music —
Awesome music player with brilliant and tweakful UI Deepin - UI based .
Elisa —
Simple music player by the KDE community aiming to provide a nice experience for its users .
gmusicbrowser — Open - source jukebox for large collections of MP3 / OGG / FLAC files .
Goggles Music Manager — Music collection manager and player that automatically categorizes your music , supports gapless playback , features easy tag editing , and internet radio support .
Uses the Fox toolkit .
Google Play Music Desktop Player — Beautiful cross platform desktop player for Google Play Music .
Based on the Electron platform .
LXMusic — A minimalist xmms2 - based music player .
https://wiki.lxde.org/en/LXMusic || GTK 2 : , GTK 3 :
MellowPlayer —
A free , open source and cross-platform Qt - based desktop application that runs web - based music streaming services in its own window and provides integration with your desktop .
https://colinduquesnoy.gitlab.io/MellowPlayer/
|| AUR AUR
museeks — Minimalistic and easy to use music player .
Based on the Electron platform .
Musique — Just another music player , only better .
Noson —
Fast and smart controller for SONOS devices .
Nuclear — Modern music player focused on streaming from free sources .
Based on the Electron platform .
Qmmp —
Qt - based multimedia player with a user interface that is similar to Winamp or XMMS .
Spotify — Proprietary music streaming service .
It supports local playback and streaming from Spotify 's vast library ( requires a free account ) .
Upplay — Qt - based UPnP audio control point .
Vvave —
Tiny
Qt music player to keep your favorite songs at hand .
Yarock —
Modern looking music player , packed with features , that does n’t depend on any specific desktop environment .
Yarock is designed to provide an easy and pretty music browser based on cover art .
Audio tag editors
Console
Beets —
Music library organizer , tagger and more .
Demlo —
Batch music tagger , encoder , renamer and more .
id3 — Command - line utility to edit ID3 1.x and 2.x tags .
id3ted — Command line id3 tag editor .
id3v2 — Command line editor for id3v2 tags .
MP3Info — MP3 technical info viewer and ID3 1.x tag editor .
MP3 Unicode — Command line utility to convert ID3 tags in mp3 files between different encodings .
Taffy —
Simple command - line tag editor for many audio formats .
Tagutil — CLI tool to edit music file 's tag .
It aims to provide both an easy - to - script interface and ease of use interactively .
Graphical
Audio Tag Tool —
Tool to edit tags in MP3 and Ogg Vorbis files .
Coquillo — Metadata editor for various audio formats .
EasyTag — Utility for viewing , editing and writing ID3 tags of music files , supports many audio formats .
Ex Falso — Cross - platform free and open source audio tag editor and library organizer .
Run with exfalso .
GabTag — Audio tagging tool written in GTK .
Kid3 — MP3 , Ogg / Vorbis , FLAC , MPC , MP4 / AAC , MP2 , Speex , TrueAudio , WavPack , WMA , WAV and AIFF files tag editor .
KTag Editor — ID3 v tag editor developed in Qt5 framework .
Supported files are mp3 , wav , ogg , wma , flac , asf .
MP3 Info GUI — MP3 technical info viewer and ID3 1.x tag editor .
The graphical interface can be launched with the gmp3info command .
Picard — Cross - platform audio tag editor written in Python ( the official MusicBrainz tagger ) .
Puddletag — Replacement for the famous MP3tag for Windows .
Qoobar — Universal Qt- based audio tagger ( specialized for classical music ) .
Tag Editor —
A tag editor with Qt GUI and command - line interface supporting MP4 / M4A / AAC ( iTunes ) , ID3v1 / ID3 v2 , Vorbis , Opus , FLAC and Matroska .
Thunar Media Tags Plugin —
Adds special features for media files to the Thunar File Manager , including the ability to edit tags .
Lyrics
Lyrics players
Floodlight Presenter — Presentation and lyrics program for churches to display lyrics and media .
Lyrics — Display lyrics on media players with MPRIS interface .
OSD Lyrics — Lyric show compatible with various media players .
Lyrics downloaders
clyrics —
Extensible lyrics fetcher , with daemon support for cmus and mocp .
glyrc —
Command - line music related metadata searchengine , including support for downloading lyrics .
Lyrics editors
Karaoke Lyrics Editor — Lyrics editor and CD+G / video exporter for Karaoke .
LyricsX — Lyrics editor .
Audio converters
Caudec —
A multiprocess command line audio converter that supports many formats ( FLAC , MP3 , Ogg Vorbis , Windows codecs and many more )
Ecasound — Command line tools designed for multitrack audio processing .
It can be used for simple tasks like audio playback , recording and format conversions , as well as for multitrack effect processing , mixing , recording and signal recycling .
FFaudioConverter — Batch audio converter and effects processor .
It can convert files or whole folders containing music and video files to other audio formats with FFmpeg .
Flacon —
Extracts individual tracks from one big audio file containing the entire album of music and saves them as separate audio files .
fre:ac — Audio converter and CD ripper with support for various popular formats and encoders .
Gnac — Audio converter for GNOME .
SoundConverter —
A graphical application to convert audio files into different formats .
soundKonverter — Qt - based GUI front - end to various audio converters .
SoX — Command line utility that can convert various formats of computer audio files into other formats .
XCFA — Tool to extract the content of audio CDs and convert files to various formats .
Audio editors
See also Wikipedia : Comparison of digital audio editors .
Audacity — Program that lets you manipulate digital audio waveforms .
GNOME Sound Recorder —
The Sound Recorder application enables you to record and play . flac , .ogg ( OGG audio , or .oga ) , and .wav sound files .
Gnome Wave Cleaner — Digital audio editor to denoise , dehiss and amplify audio files .
Kwave —
Sound editor for KDE .
mhWaveEdit — Graphical program for editing , playing and recording sound files .
Mp3splt — Utility to split mp3 , ogg vorbis and native FLAC files selecting a begin and an end time position , without decoding .
ocenaudio — Proprietary cross-platform , easy to use , fast and functional audio editor .
https://www.ocenaudio.com/en/ || AUR or AUR
Play it Slowly —
Play back audio files at a different speed or pitch .
Polyphone —
A soundfont editor to create and edit a musical instrument based on samples , using the sf2 format .
Sweep — Audio editor and live playback tool .
WaveSurfer — Tool for sound visualization and manipulation .
Typical applications are speech / sound analysis and sound annotation / transcription .
Digital audio workstations
See also Professional audio .
Ardour — Multichannel hard disk recorder and digital audio workstation .
Bitwig Studio — Proprietary professional digital audio workstation .
Frinika — Digital audio workstation , features sequencer , soft - synths , realtime effects and audio recording .
LMMS — Digital audio workstation which allows you to produce music with your computer .
MusE — MIDI / Audio sequencer ( digital audio workstation ) with recording and editing capabilities , aims to be a complete multitrack virtual studio for Linux .
Non —
Modular digital audio workstation composed of four main parts : Timeline , Sequencer , Mixer and Session Manager .
Qtractor — Qt - based hard disk recorder and digital audio workstation application that aims to provide digital audio workstation software simple enough for the average home user , and yet powerful enough for the professional user .
REAPER — Proprietary digital audio workstation , offering a full multitrack audio and MIDI recording , editing , processing , mixing and mastering toolset .
Rosegarden — Digital audio workstation program developed with ALSA and Qt that acts as an audio and MIDI sequencer , scorewriter and musical composition and editing tool .
Tracktion Waveform — Proprietary digital audio workstation , specifically designed for the needs of modern music producers .
Traverso —
Multitrack audio recorder and editor with a very clean and intuitive interface which supports ALSA and Jack as the sound driver .
Audio analyzers
audioprism — Spectrogram tool for PulseAudio input and WAV files .
BRP - PACU — Dual channel FFT based acoustic analysis tool to help engineers analyze live professional sound systems using the transfer function .
Baudline — Proprietary time - frequency and spectrogram analyzer
FMIT — Graphical utility for tuning your musical instruments , with error and volume history and advanced features .
Friture — Real - time audio analyzer .
rtspeccy — Real time audio spectrum analyzer .
sndpeek — Real - time audio visualization tool .
https://soundlab.cs.princeton.edu/software/sndpeek/
|| ALSA : AUR , JACK : AUR
Sonic Visualiser — Viewing and analyzing the contents of music audio files .
Spek —
Helps to analyse your audio files by showing their spectrogram .
Scorewriters
See also LilyPond # Front-ends and Wikipedia : Comparison of scorewriters .
Aria Maestosa — MIDI sequencer / editor .
It lets you compose , edit and play MIDI files with a few clicks in a user - friendly interface offering score , keyboard , guitar , drum and controller views .
Canorus — Music score editor .
It supports an unlimited number and length of staffs , polyphony , a MIDI playback of notes , chord markings , lyrics , import / export filters to formats like MIDI , MusicXML , ABC Music , MusiXTeX and LilyPond .
Impro-Visor — Music notation program designed to help jazz musicians compose and hear solos similar to ones that might be improvised .
LilyPond — Music engraving program , devoted to producing the highest - quality sheet music possible .
MuseScore — Create , playback , and print sheet music .
TuxGuitar — Multitrack guitar tablature editor and player .
Audio synthesis environments
See also Wikipedia : Comparison of audio synthesis environments .
Blue — Music composition environment for Csound , written in Java .
Cabbage — Framework for audio software development using simple markup text and the Csound audio synthesis language .
ChucK —
Strongly - timed , concurrent , and on - the - fly music programming language .
Csound — Sound and music computing system .
CsoundQt — Frontend for Csound featuring a highlighting editor with autocomplete , interactive widgets and integrated help .
FoxDot — Live Coding with Python and SuperCollider .
Pure Data — Real - time music and multimedia environment .
Sonic Pi — Code - based music creation and performance tool .
SuperCollider — Platform for audio synthesis and algorithmic composition , used by musicians , artists , and researchers working with sound .
VCV Rack — Virtual Eurorack DAW .
Use a plugin systems to add more Eurorack emulated modules .
Sound generators
This section contains drum machines , software samplers and software synthesizers .
ams — Alsa Modular Synth .
Realtime modular synthesizer and effect processor .
amsynth — Analog Modelling SYNTHesizer .
Easy - to - use software synthesizer with a classic subtractive synthesizer topology .
DIN — Sound synthesizer and musical instrument .
Drumstick —
Set of MIDI tools : drum grid , MIDI player , virtual piano .
Element — A modular LV2 / VST3 audio plugin host .
Fluajho — SF2 soundfont sample player for JACK based on Fluidsynth .
FluidSynth — Real - time software synthesizer based on the SoundFont 2 specifications .
Geonkick — Synthesizer that can synthesize elements of percussion .
The most basic examples are : kicks , snares , hit - hats , shakers , claps .
Gigedit — Graphical instrument editor for sample based virtual instruments , based on the GigaStudio / Gigasampler file format .
GSequencer — Provides various tools to play , create , edit and mix your own music .
It features a step sequencer , piano roll , automation and wave - form editor .
Helm —
Software synthesizer to create electronic music on your computer .
Hydrogen —
Advanced drum machine to create drum sequences .
JSampler — Java GUI for LinuxSampler software audio sampler .
Patroneo —
Easy to use pattern based midi sequencer .
PySynth — Suite of simple music synthesizers and helper scripts written in Python 3 .
QMidiArp — Advanced MIDI arpeggiator , programmable step sequencer and LFO .
QMidiRoute — MIDI router and processor for ALSA .
Qsampler — Qt GUI for LinuxSampler software audio sampler .
Qsynth — Qt GUI for Fluidsynth .
Qwertone —
Simple music synthesizer app ( like a toy - piano ) , but based on usual qwerty - keyboard for input .
setBfree — DSP tonewheel organ .
SpectMorph —
Analyze samples of musical instruments and combine them ( morphing ) .
TiMidity ++ —
Software synthesizer , which can play MIDI files by converting them into PCM waveform data .
Vee One Suite —
Old - school software instruments : synthv1 , a polyphonic subtractive synthesizer ; samplv1 , a polyphonic sampler synthesizer ; drumkv1 , yet another drum - kit sampler ; padthv1 , a polyphonic additive synthesizer .
Vico — Minimalistic
Midi sequencer that is intended to be used in parallel with other software .
VMPK — Virtual MIDI Piano Keyboard .
MIDI events generator and receiver .
It can use midi SoundFonts to generate sound by itself , or can be used to drive a MIDI synthesizer .
Yoshimi — Software synthesizer , a fork of ZynAddSubFX .
ZynAddSubFX — Fully featured software synthesizer capable of making a countless number of instruments , from some common heard from expensive hardware to interesting sounds that you will boost to an amazing universe of sounds .
Music trackers
Buzztrax — Music studio to compose songs using only a computer with a soundcard .
klystrack — Tracker for making C64 / NES / Amiga - style chiptunes on a modern platform .
MilkyTracker — Music application for creating .MOD and .XM module files .
OpenMPT —
Tracker software to create and play back some great music on your computer .
Radium — Music editor with a new type of interface .
Schism Tracker —
Create high quality music without the requirements of specialized , expensive equipment , and with a unique " finger feel " that is difficult to replicate in part .
DJ
Giada — Minimal , hardcore audio tool for DJs , live performers and electronic musicians .
IDJC — Powerful yet easy to use source - client for individuals interested in streaming live radio shows over the Internet using Shoutcast or Icecast servers .
Luppp —
Music creation tool , intended for live use .
The focus is on real time processing and a fast and intuitive workflow .
Mixxx —
Integrates the tools DJs need to perform creative live mixes with digital music files .
Seq24 — Minimal loop based MIDI sequencer for a live performance with a very simple interface for editing and playing MIDI ' loops ' .
xwax — Digital Vinyl System ( DVS ) for Linux .
It allows DJs and turntablists to playback digital audio files ( MP3 , Ogg Vorbis , FLAC , AAC and more ) , controlled using a normal pair of turntables via timecoded vinyls .
Audio effects
Calf Plugin Pack for JACK — Process and produce sounds using a set of plugins with JACK interface .
( calfjackhost )
Carla — Audio plugin host , with support for many audio drivers and plugin formats .
guitarix — Virtual guitar amplifier for JACK .
PulseEffects —
Apply effects to Pulseaudio applications and input sources
Rakarrack —
Richly featured multi-effects processor emulating a guitar effects pedalboard .
Audio visualizers
Barva — Visualizer for PulseAudio that pulses the background of your terminal .
C.A.V.A. — Console - based audio visualizer for ALSA , MPD and PulseAudio .
Cavalcade — GTK GUI for C.A.V.A .
cli-visualizer —
Highly configurable CLI - based audio visualizer .
GLava — OpenGL audio spectrum visualizer .
Its primary use case is for desktop windows or backgrounds .
GLMViz — Fully configurable OpenGL music visualizer .
projectM — Music visualizer which uses 3D accelerated iterative image - based rendering .
VSXu — OpenGL - based ( hardware - accelerated ) , modular programming environment with its main purpose to visualize music and create graphic effects in real - time .
Volume control
See also PulseAudio #Front-ends .
alsamixer — Soundcard mixer for ALSA soundcard driver , with ncurses interface .
ALSA Tray —
Provides a systray icon and a command line interface for setting the volume of the ALSA Mixers .
AlsaVolume — Tray ALSA volume changer written using gtkmm .
AMixST — Volume wheel using ALSA and Qt5 .
Emixer — Utility to control volume levels .
Part of Enlightenment .
GNOME ALSA Mixer — ALSA mixer for GNOME .
GVolWheel — Audio mixer which lets you control the volume through a tray icon .
KMix — KDE volume control program .
MATE Volume Control — Audio mixer application and system tray applet for MATE to mix audio and adjust volume levels of various audio mixer devices .
PNMixer — A fork of Obmixer .
It has many new features such as ALSA channel selection , connect / disconnect detection , shortcuts , etc .
QasTools — Collection of desktop applications for the Linux sound system ALSA .
It provides QasMixer ( mixer ) , QasHctl ( HCTL mixer ) and QasConfig ( configuration browser ) .
Retrovol — Retro- looking volume setting tray applet .
Volnoti —
A lightweight volume notification daemon for GNU / Linux and other POSIX operating systems .
Volti —
A GTK application for controlling audio volume from system tray with an internal mixer and support for multimedia keys that uses only ALSA .
Volume Icon —
Another volume control for your system tray with channel selection , themes and an external mixer .
VolWheel —
A little application which lets you control the sound volume easily through a tray icon you can scroll on .
Xfce ALSA Panel Plugin — Simple ALSA volume control plugin for Xfce4 panel .
CD ripping
See Optical disc drive # Audio CD .
Video
Video players
See also Wikipedia : Comparison of video player software .
Console
FFplay —
Very simple and portable media player using the FFmpeg libraries and the SDL library .
gst-play - 1.0 — Simple command line playback testing tool for GStreamer .
MPlayer — Video player that supports a complete and versatile array of video and audio formats .
mpv — Movie player based on MPlayer and mplayer2 .
VLC media player — Command - line version of the famous video player that can play smoothly high definition videos in the TTY .
The rc interface can be launched with vlc - I rc , and the ncurses interface can be launched with vlc - I ncurses .
Graphical
GStreamer - based
Cinema — Video player and manager for watching local video files .
Glide —
Simple and minimalistic media player relying on GStreamer for the multimedia support and GTK + for the user interface .
GNOME Videos — Media player ( audio and video ) for the GNOME desktop that uses GStreamer .
Part of .
Movie Monad —
Free and simple to use video player made with Haskell using GStreamer and GTK .
Precompiled and no Haskell dependency in run-time .
Pantheon Videos — Video player and library app designed for elementary OS using GStreamer .
Parole — Modern media player based on the GStreamer framework .
Rage — Video and audio player written with Enlightenment Foundation Libraries with some extra bells and whistles .
Uses GStreamer
Snappy — Powerful media player with a minimalistic interface that uses GStreamer .
Spivak — Karaoke player based on GStreamer and Qt5 .
Xnoise — GTK and GStreamer - based media player for both audio and video with " a slick GUI , great speed and lots of features . " ( development ceased )
mpv-based
Baka MPlayer —
Free and open source , cross-platform , mpv based multimedia player ( Qt 5 ) .
Celluloid — Simple GTK frontend for mpv , formerly GNOME MPV .
Deepin Movie — Movie player for Deepin desktop based on mpv .
Haruna Video Player — Qt/ QML video player built on top of mpv .
Kawaii - Player — Audio / video manager and multimedia player ( based on mpv ) with PC - to - PC casting feature , along with functionalities of portable media server and torrent streaming server .
KittehPlayer — A YouTube - like video player based on Qt , QML and mpv .
Media Player Classic Qute Theater — Clone of Media Player Classic reimplimented in Qt and based on mpv .
https://gitlab.com/mpc-qt/mpc-qt || AUR , AUR
Minitube — YouTube desktop application written in C++ using mpv and Qt .
MoonPlayer — Video player for playing and downloading online videos from YouTube , Youku etc .
mpv —
Very basic GUI for mpv .
Can be launched with mpv -- player - operation - mode=pseudo - gui .
SMPlayer —
Qt multimedia player with extra features ( CSS themes , YouTube integration , etc. ) based on mpv .
It can use MPlayer as alternative backend .
xt7 - player - mpv — Qt / Gambas GUI to mpv with a rich set of configurable options including filters and drivers , ladspa plugins support as well as library / playlist managment , YouTube , online radios , podcasts , DVB -T and more .
MPlayer - based
GNOME MPlayer — Simple GTK - based GUI for MPlayer .
KPlayer — Multimedia player for KDE4 using MPlayer as a backend .
Phonon - based
Dragon Player — Simple video player for KDE based on Phonon .
Part of the group .
KMPlayer — Simple Phonon - based video player for KDE and video player plugin for Konqueror .
It can use MPlayer as alternative backend .
Other
FreeTube — Desktop
YouTube player built with privacy in mind .
Use YouTube without advertisements and prevent Google from tracking you with their cookies and JavaScript .
Based on the Electron platform .
Kaffeine —
Very versatile KDE media player that , by default , utilizes VLC as its backend and has excellent support of digital TV ( DVB-T , DVB-C , DVB- S ) .
Kaku —
Highly integrated music player supports different online platform like YouTube , SoundCloud , Vimeo and more .
Based on the Electron platform .
Kodi — Media player and entertainment hub for digital media .
QMPlay2 — Qt based video player .
It can play and stream all formats supported by FFmpeg and libmodplug .
It has on integrated module system , which includes a YouTube browser .
QtAV Player — Simple media player based on QtAV and FFmpeg .
Run with Player or QMLPlayer .
tvtime —
High quality television application for use with video capture cards .
VLC media player —
Middleweight video player with support for a wide variety of audio and video formats .
xine —
Free multimedia player .
Xjadeo —
Video player that displays a video - clip in sync with an external time source ( MTC , LTC , JACK - transport ) .
YUView — Qt - based YUV player with an advanced analytic toolset .
Video converters
See also Wikipedia : Comparison of video converters and Codecs and containers # Container format tools .
Console
Avidemux CLI —
Free video editor designed for simple cutting , filtering and encoding tasks .
FFmpeg — Complete , cross - platform solution to record , convert and stream audio and video .
HandBrake CLI —
Simple yet powerful video transcoder ideal for batch mkv/x264 ripping .
MEncoder —
Free command line video decoding , encoding and filtering tool .
Transcode — Command line tool for video stream processing .
Graphical
Ciano — Simple multimedia file converter using FFmpeg and ImageMagick .
FFmpegYAG — Advanced GUI for the popular FFmpeg audio / video encoding tool .
FF Multi Converter —
Simple graphical application which enables you to convert audio , video , image and document files between all popular formats , by utilizing other command - line tools .
HandBrake —
Simple yet powerful video transcoder ideal for batch mkv/x264 ripping .
GTK version .
QWinFF — Qt5 GUI for FFmpeg that can read audio and video files in various formats and convert them into other formats .
traGtor — Convert all your audio and video files through FFmpeg without using a terminal .
Transmageddon — Simple python application for transcoding video into formats supported by GStreamer .
WinFF — Graphical video and audio batch converter using FFmpeg .
Video editors
See also Wikipedia : Comparison of video editing software .
Avidemux —
Free video editor designed for simple cutting , filtering and encoding tasks .
Blender —
Fully integrated 3D graphics creation suite with a built - in non -linear video editor .
Cinelerra ( Heroine Virtual ) — Advanced video editing and compositing environment .
Cinelerra ( Community Version ) — Advanced video editing and compositing environment .
Cinelerra GG Infinity — Professional video editing and compositing environment .
DaVinci Resolve — Proprietary A/V post - production software suite .
Flowblade — Multitrack non-linear video editor for Linux , designed to provide a fast , robust editing experience .
Kdenlive — Non-linear video editor designed for basic to semi-professional work .
Lightworks —
Professional proprietary non-linear editing system for editing and mastering digital video in various formats .
LiVES — Video editor and VJ ( live performance ) platform .
LosslessCut — GUI tool for lossless trimming / cutting of video / audio files .
Based on the Electron platform .
Natron —
Open - source compositing software .
Node - graph based .
Similar in functionalities to Adobe After Effects and Nuke by The Foundry .
Olive —
Non-linear video editor aiming to provide a fully - featured alternative to high - end professional video editing software .
OpenShot — Non-linear video editor based on MLT framework .
Pitivi — Video editor designed to be intuitive and integrate well in the GNOME desktop .
Shotcut —
Shotcut is a free , open source , cross - platform video editor .
VidCutter —
Fast lossless media cutter + joiner w/ frame - accurate SmartCut options powered by mpv , FFmpeg via a sleek Qt5 GUI .
Video Trimmer —
Cut out a fragment of a video given the start and end timestamps .
The video is never re-encoded , so the process is very fast and does not reduce the video quality .
Subtitles
Subtitle players
Penguin Subtitle Player — Standalone subtitle player that provides a translucent window which always stays on the top so subtitles can be shown on top of the video without blocking anything .
Subtitles Printer — Print subtitles above a X - screen , independently of the video player .
Subtitle downloaders
QNapi —
Qt client for downloading movie subtitles from NapiProjekt , OpenSubtitles , Napisy24 .
subdl — Command - line tool for downloading subtitles from opensubtitles.org .
SubDownloader — Automatic download / upload of subtitles using fast hashing .
Subtitle editors
See also Wikipedia : Comparison of subtitle editors .
Aegisub — Subtitle editor .
Gaupol —
Full - featured subtitle editor .
Gnome Subtitles — Video subtitle editor for GNOME .
Jubler —
Open - source multiplatform subtitle editor written in Java .
Subtitle Composer — Subtitle editor for KDE supporting various formats , features different player backends , able to display wave form .
Subtitle Edit — Subtitle editing program .
Written in C# using mono .
Subtitle Editor — GTK 3 tool to edit subtitles for GNU / Linux /* BSD .
Screencast
See Screen capture #Screencast software .
Screenkey — A screencast tool to display your keys .
Webcam
See also FFmpeg #Recording webcam and Wikipedia : Comparison of webcam software .
Cheese —
Take photos and videos with your webcam , with fun graphical effects .
fswebcam — Small and simple command line webcam software that generates images for a webcam .
Guvcview —
Simple interface for capturing and viewing video from v4l2 devices .
Kamoso — Webcam recorder from KDE community .
MJPG - streamer — Command line application which can be used to stream M - JPEG over an IP - based network from a webcam to various types of viewers .
Motion —
Highly configurable program that monitors video signals from many types of cameras .
It is able to detect if a significant part of the picture has changed ; in other words , it can detect motion .
Pantheon Camera — Camera app designed for elementary OS .
QtCAM — Webcam software with more than 10 image control settings , extension settings and color space switching .
v4l2ucp — Universal control panel for V4L2 devices .
v4l-utils — Provides a series of utilities for media devices .
Webcamoid —
Full featured webcam suite .
ZArt — GUI for G'MIC real - time manipulations on the output of a webcam .
DVD authoring
See also Wikipedia : List of DVD authoring applications .
Bombono DVD — DVD authoring program with nice and clean GUI .
Devede — Program to create VideoDVDs and CDs .
DVDStyler — DVD authoring application for the creation of professional - looking DVDs .
DVD ripping
See Optical disc drive #DVD - Video .
Video thumbnails
vcsi — Create video contact sheets .
A video contact sheet is an image composed of video capture thumbnails arranged on a grid .
Video Contact Sheet —
Bash script meant to create video contact sheets ( previews ) of videos .
Any video supported by mplayer and ffmpeg can be used .
Collection managers
Data Crow — Media cataloger and media organizer .
GCstar — GNOME application for organizing various collections ( board games , comic books , movies , stamps , etc. ) .
Griffith — Movie collection manager application .
MediaElch — Media manager for Kodi .
Information about movies , TV shows , concerts and music are stored as nfo files .
Tellico — KDE application for organizing various collections ( books , video , music , coins , etc. ) .
tinyMediaManager — Media management tool to provide metadata for Kodi .
vMovieDB — Movie collection manager for the Gnome desktop .
Media servers
Airsonic —
Web - based media streamer , providing ubiquitous access to your music .
( Fork of Subsonic . )
Emby —
Proprietary media server , which automatically converts and streams your media on - the - fly to play on any device .
forked - daapd — DAAP ( iTunes ) and MPD media server with support for AirPlay devices , Apple Remote , Chromecast , Spotify and internet radio .
Gerbera — UPnP Media Server to stream your media to devices on your home network .
( Fork of MediaTomb . )
Icecast — Streaming media ( audio / video ) server which currently supports Ogg ( Vorbis and Theora ) , Opus , WebM and MP3 streams .
Jellyfin — Jellyfin is a Free Software Media System that puts you in control of managing and streaming your media .
Plex —
Proprietary media server , which organizes your personal video , music , and photo collections and streams them to all of your devices .
ReadyMedia —
Simple media server software , with the aim of being fully compliant with DLNA / UPnP - AV clients .
Rygel — UPnP AV MediaServer and MediaRenderer that allows you to easily share audio , video and pictures , and control of media player on your home network .
Serviio —
Proprietary media server , which allows you to stream your media files ( music , video or images ) to renderer devices ( e.g. a TV set , Bluray player , games console or mobile phone ) on your connected home network .
Subsonic — Proprietary media server to stream from your own computer .
Tvheadend — TV streaming server and recorder supporting DVB-S , DVB-S2 , DVB-C , DVB-T , ATSC , ISDB-T , IPTV , SAT >IP and HDHomeRun as input sources .
Universal Media Server — UPnP media server , which is capable of sharing video , audio and images between most modern devices .
( Fork of PS3 Media Server . )
Metadata
ExifTool — Command - line application for reading , writing and editing meta information in a wide variety of files .
Exiv2 — Command line utility to manage image metadata .
It provides fast and easy read and write access to the Exif , IPTC and XMP metadata and the ICC Profile embedded within digital images in various formats .
ffprobe —
Gather information from multimedia streams and print it in human - and machine - readable fashion .
jExifToolGUI — Java / Swing graphical frontend for ExifTool , which reads and writes all kind of metadata tags from / to image files .
jhead —
Exif jpeg header manipulation tool .
MediaConch — Implementation checker , policy checker , reporter , and fixer .
https://mediaarea.net/MediaConch || CLI : AUR , GUI : AUR
MediaInfo —
Convenient unified display of the most relevant technical and tag data for video and audio files .
sndfile - info — Obtaining information about the contents of an audio file .
Mobile device managers
Android File Transfer — Interactive Media Transfer Protocol client with Qt5 GUI .
gnokii —
Tools and user space driver for use with mobile phones .
gMTP — Simple MP3 and media player client for Media Transfer Protocol .
GNOME Phone Manager — Control your mobile phone from your GNOME desktop .
gtkpod — GUI for Apple 's iPod using GTK .
It allows you to import your existing iTunes database , add songs , podcasts , videos and cover art , and to edit ID3 tags .
KDE Connect —
Aims to communicate all your devices .
Modem Manager GUI — Control EDGE / 3G / 4G broadband modem specific functions .
Wammu —
Manage data in your cell phone such as contacts , calendar or messages .
Optical disc burning
See Optical disc drive #Burning CD / DVD / BD with a GUI .
Utilities
Terminal
Command shells
See the main article : Command - line shell .
See also Wikipedia : Comparison of command shells .
Terminal emulators
Terminal emulators show a GUI Window that contains a terminal .
Most emulate Xterm , which in turn emulates VT102 , which emulates typewriter .
For further background information , see Wikipedia : Terminal emulator .
For a comprehensive list , see Wikipedia : List of terminal emulators .
Alacritty —
A cross-platform , GPU - accelerated terminal emulator .
aterm — Xterm replacement with transparency support .
It has been deprecated in favour of urxvt since 2008 .
Cool Retro Term —
A good looking terminal emulator which mimics the old cathode display .
CuteCom — A graphical serial terminal .
Eterm —
Terminal emulator intended as a replacement for xterm and designed for the Enlightenment desktop .
foot —
Lightweight terminal emulator for Wayland with sixel support
https://codeberg.org/dnkl/foot || AUR , AUR
Hyper —
A terminal with JS / CSS support .
Based on the Electron platform .
Konsole — Terminal emulator included in the KDE desktop .
kitty —
A modern , hackable , featureful , OpenGL based terminal emulator
Liri Terminal — Material Design terminal for Liri .
mlterm —
A multi-lingual terminal emulator supporting various character sets and encodings in the world .
moserial — GTK - based serial terminal for the GNOME desktop .
PuTTY —
Highly configurable ssh / telnet / serial console program .
QTerminal — Lightweight Qt - based terminal emulator .
rxvt —
Popular replacement for xterm .
shellinabox — A web - based SSH Terminal
st — Simple terminal implementation for X .
Terminology — Terminal emulator by the Enlightenment project team with innovative features : file thumbnails and media play like a media player .
urxvt —
Highly extendable ( with Perl ) unicode enabled rxvt - clone terminal emulator featuring tabbing , url launching , a Quake style drop - down mode and pseudo - transparency .
xterm — Simple terminal emulator for the X Window System .
It provides DEC VT102 and Tektronix 4014 compatible termina
European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso claimed that financial stability was so critical that sweeping new powers were needed for Eurocrats in Brussels to meddle in the economies of all EU members .
But his threat sparked an angry backlash from critics of an ever - growing Brussels bureaucracy .
It raised fears that the EU – under unelected new President Herman van Rompuy – is planning a power grab .
Timothy Kirkhope , the leader of Tory Euro MPs , said : “ The idea of compulsory economic policies is deeply disturbing .
It reflects a very old fashioned ‘ command and control ’ approach which does not solve problems of the 21st century . ”
Mats Persson , director of think - tank Open Europe , said : “ Economic growth can not be forced from the centre .
“ The unelected Commission is seeking to gain power over one of the corefeatures of democratic politics , deciding how a country ’s economy is run .
This has no public support and runs the risk of being hijacked by narrow political interests . ”
Need can either be recognized or generated .
Most utility - based products like refrigerators , washing - machines , cars , etc. were introduced to the market because the manufacturers felt that there was a need for such products in the market .
Refrigeration , cleaning and transport were far inferior before these products were launched , and post - introduction , they were easily accepted by the society .
On the other hand most fashion accessories , colas , computer games , etc. originated no such popular need ; rather such products were able to create a need for them in the market , which did not exist before .
These products did not originate from any popular need because suitable substitutes were already in place .
For example , fashionable clothing did not add any utility to existing clothing ; beverages could easily substitute colas and there were sufficient number of indoor games which could substitute computer games .
What these new products did was give new dimensions to existing products which did not exist before .
When these offering were perceived superior to existing ones these new products flourished while in other cases they failed .
In any case a detailed market analysis is a must before even starting the production of a new product .
In the first step when we do not know what product to actually launch we have to first identify different populations and do a market structure analysis to understand the requirements of various groups of people .
Market structure analysis or segmentation seeks to identify and profile subgroups of a given population .
Cluster analysis and perceptual mapping are 2 such useful tools for market structure analysis .
Cluster Analysis : Cluster analysis is a set of techniques for separating objects into mutually exclusive groups such that the groups are relatively homogeneous .
To explain in simple words , the analyst has to decide how many unique clusters it wants to divide a target population into .
The respondents from a market research are then divided into these clusters as per one of their responses .
Then an iterative process follows by virtue of which the average answer of a respondent over the set of attributes being investigated by the market research , determines his / her cluster .
This iterative process continues until a respondent cannot be reclassified any further .
: Cluster analysis is a set of techniques for separating objects into mutually exclusive groups such that the groups are relatively homogeneous .
To explain in simple words , the analyst has to decide how many unique clusters it wants to divide a target population into .
The respondents from a market research are then divided into these clusters as per one of their responses .
Then an iterative process follows by virtue of which the average answer of a respondent over the set of attributes being investigated by the market research , determines his / her cluster .
This iterative process continues until a respondent cannot be reclassified any further .
Perceptual Mapping :
It is an insightful and innovative process to estimate the target population ’s expected perception of a product or service when it will be launched , or its perception of an existing brand or product / service offering .
Most commonly it is a 2D map displaying the strength of association of a product / service with certain attributes , and also in respect to other products / services or competitors .
Share this :
Tweet
WhatsApp
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Experts said the scandals could undermine Benedict ’s moral authority , especially because they cut particularly close to the pope himself .
As head of the Vatican ’s main doctrinal arm , the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith , he led Vatican investigations into abuse for four years before assuming the papacy in 2005 .
“ What is at stake , and at great risk , is Benedict ’s central project for the ‘ re - Christianization ’ of Christendom , his desire to have Europe return to its Christian roots , ” said David Gibson , the author of a biography of Benedict and a religion commentator for Politicsdaily.com .
“ But if the root itself is seen as rotten , then his influence will be badly compromised . ”
When a sex abuse scandal broke in Boston church in 2002 , Pope Benedict — then Cardinal Ratzinger — was among the Vatican officials who made statements that minimized the problem and accused the news media of blowing it out of proportion .
But as the abuse case files landed on his desk at the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith , his colleagues said he was deeply disturbed by what he learned .
On his first visit to the United States as pope , Benedict met with abuse victims from Boston and said he was “ deeply ashamed ” by priests who had harmed children .
But victims ’ advocates accuse the pope of doing little to discipline the bishops who permitted abusers to continue serving in ministry .
The case in Munich , which was brought to the attention of the diocese by the daily newspaper Süddeutsche Zeitung , was a result of “ serious mistakes , ” the archdiocese said in its statement .
In Munich case , a priest from Essen , “ despite allegations of sexual abuse , and in spite of a conviction — was repeatedly assigned work in the sphere of pastoral care by the then - Vicar General Gerhard Gruber , ” who worked under Benedict when he was the archbishop .
The priest , identified only with the initial “ H , ” was moved to Munich in January 1980 , where he was supposed to undergo therapy , a decision that was taken “ with the approval of the archbishop , ” according to the archdiocese ’s statement .
Benedict was archbishop of Munich from 1977 to 1982 .
Obviously Palin chose to feature LL as a cynical ploy to show the world that she does in fact have a black friend .
Turns out she does n't .
That 's not really a surprise to most of us of course .
What 's really incredible though is that they actually thought they could splice in LL's old interview and pass it off as if it was something Sarah Palin organized .
You'd think they would have known better than to insult an African American like that , especially one with clout like LL .
Really it 's just shockingly racist and shockingly sloppy , even for Fox .
So Palin blew it .
She tried to show the world she had a black friend by faking it .
It 's as if she invented a black facebook friend to put on her website in order to convince everyone that she does in fact know black people and they do in fact like her .
How could it possibly have gone any more wrong in terms of race relations or Palin 's pretty lame attempt to disprove what the rest of us already know : she , like her base , is a white supremacist at heart .
It 's not like we did n't already hear what her father had to say about her experience in Hawaii and the reason she transfered to the University of Idaho , ie minorities make her uncomfortable .
Well , of course now Fox is trying to backpeddle and claim that they never intended to promote LL as being " on the show . "
But in a statement released to other media outlets , the network said : " ' Real American Stories ' features uplifting tales about overcoming adversity and we believe Mr. Smith 's interview fits that criteria .
However , as it appears that Mr. Smith does not want to be associated with a program that could serve as an inspiration to others , we are cutting his interview from the special and wish him the best with his fledgling acting career . "
So in summary :
Fox and Palin try to pretend like they have a black friend .
They get busted and it turns out they do n't .
They lie about it .
And then of course Palin quits on the whole LL deal .
And then just to put the cherry on top , they insult the black person they tried to use for their cynical racist purposes by mocking his career .
Nevermind I 'm sure that LL is more respected by more people on this planet than Palin is .
She sure is a class act .
And a pretty big racist too .
An unbelievable flameout for Palin 's debut on Fox .
I 'm honestly shocked at how everything she touches just blows up in her face , even when it 's really controlled by a seemingly powerful organization like Fox .
It 's like she 's cursed or something .
Update [ 2010 - 3-31 17:0:3 by banderson ] : Uh , oh ... looks like it 's snowballing .
I 'm sure Fox 's totally not racist viewers would n't mind if Fox also mocked Toby Keith 's " fledgling " music career :
The Vatican 's secretary of state is seen as second only to Pope Benedict The Vatican has sought to " clarify " remarks made by a senior cardinal , who linked homosexuality with paedophilia in the abuse scandal facing the Church .
A spokesman provided " data " to support the claim , but also said Church leaders were not trying to make assertions of a " psychological or medical nature " .
Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone said it was homosexuality - not clerical celibacy - which lay behind the abuse of children .
Earlier , France condemned the cardinal for making " an unacceptable linkage " .
Earlier this month , Pope Benedict 's personal preacher apologised for having compared criticism of the Roman Catholic Church over abuse allegations to " the collective violence suffered by the Jews " .
In a sermon , Father Raniero Cantalamessa likened allegations that the Vatican had systematically hushed up cases of sexual abuse of children by priests to the " most shameful aspects of anti-Semitism " , with the use of stereotypes and the spreading of collective guilt .
The Vatican said his remarks did not represent its official view .
' Confession of weakness ' Cardinal Bertone , the Vatican 's secretary of state , was attempting to defuse the scandals currently afflicting the Church during a visit to Chile on Monday , when he denied that celibacy was to blame .
" Many psychologists , many psychiatrists have demonstrated that there is no relationship between celibacy and paedophilia but many others have demonstrated , I was told recently , that there is a relationship between homosexuality and paedophilia , " he said .
The truth is that Bertone is clumsily trying to shift attention to homosexuality and away from the focus on new crimes against children that emerge every day
Aurelio Mancuso , former head of Italian gay rights association Arcigay " That is true .
I have the documents of the psychologists .
That is the problem . "
On Tuesday , Vatican spokesman Father Federico Lombardi insisted the cardinal had not been making an assertion , but also detailed its " statistical data " on the abuse of minors by priests .
" Church authorities do not consider it their responsibility to make general statements of a specifically physiological or medical character , which is why they naturally refer back to experts ' study and ongoing research on the subject , " he said .
According to the satistical data collected by the Congregation for the Doctrine the Faith , " about 10 % of cases were paedophilia in the strict sense , while 90 % were cases of ephebophilia [ the sexual attraction in adults to adolescents ] " , he added .
" Of these approximately 60 % referred to individuals of the same sex and 30 % of heterosexual character . "
Fr Lombardi told the AFP news agency that the statement was aimed at " clarifying " Cardinal Bertone 's remarks and should not be seen as the Holy See " distancing " itself from them .
Earlier , France - where an estimated 60 % of the population are Catholic - became the first country to criticise the cardinal .
" This is an unacceptable linkage and we condemn this , " foreign ministry spokesman Bernard Valero told reporters in Paris .
" France is firmly engaged in the struggle against discrimination and prejudice linked to sexual orientation and gender identity . "
In Italy , gay rights activist Aurelio Mancuso accused the cardinal of " clumsily trying to shift attention to homosexuality and away from the focus on new crimes against children that emerge every day " .
Commentators in the Italian press also criticised the remarks .
In Corriere della Sera , Piero Ostellino said the Pope should be " protected " from the " imprudent remarks of some high prelates " , while La Repubblica 's Francesco Merlo said the " Church is hurting itself , not homosexuals " .
The attempt to link homosexuality with paedophilia was a " dramatic confession of weakness [ betraying ] the confused state in which the Catholic Church now finds itself , " Mr Merlo added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Any Iron Chef super fan will love this list of the Iron Chef secret ingredients .
Ever wanted a compilation of every single secret ingredient from the Iron Chef TV program ?
Well this is your one stop shop to see what your favorite chefs have used in the heat of battle .
This list literally includes every everything used from every episode .
So if you 're feeling experimental , this is the place to look .
What are the Iron Chef secret ingredients ?
Take a look here and see for yourself .
Hopefully you 'll have as much good luck as the chefs have had when making some delicious dishes !
Although it can be tough for normal people to cook with sardines and other crazy sea creatures .
Whether you want to flex your culinary muscle for an Iron Chef party or just want a great list of Iron Chef episodes , you 'll find everything you need here .
Well , everything except their recipes .
But that 's part of the fun !
Prepare to be amazed by the impressive dishes that the world 's best chefs have invented in the heat of the Iron Chef battle .
No wonder they 're covered in sweat by the end of each episode !
The Solar Impluse , a project undertaken by the École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne and headed up by the aptly named Bertrand Piccard is a solar powered aircraft capable of both day and night flight thanks to a 450kg Lithium - polymer battery system and 2,200 sq ft of solar panels mounted atop the wings .
It has a seating capacity of one , the pilot , and is capable of cruising at 43 mph for 36 hours at a maximum height of 28,000 ft.
Bertrand Piccard is the same guy who flew the first ever round - the - world trip in a balloon , much to the dismay of Richard Branson .
The Solar Impulse has 4 10 hp electric motors , 2 mounted under each wing , and produces an average of 8 hp in total power over the course of a 36 hour flight , interestingly this is almost the same as the infamous Wright Flyer from 1903 .
Another , much more capable solar plane called the Solar Impulse II is planned for 2011 which would feature a pressurised cockpit allowing it to fly up to 39,000 ft and would be capable of circumnavigating the globe over a period of about 20 days .
- To stay in the loop join our Facebook page or grab the RSS feed -
Via Solar Impulse
Our snapshot of what the world is talking about .
Live !
As a part of SuperPower Nation Day , we are running an experiment using Google Translate , an automatic machine translation service , to see how the internet can break down language barriers .
Communicate with speakers of Arabic , Chinese , English , Persian , Indonesian , Portuguese and Spanish from around the world .
Want to join in ?
This is an experiment and the translations will not be perfect as the technology is still developing .
You can help by writing clear comments - avoid abbreviations or expressions that are hard to translate .
You can follow the conversation or talk about what is happening on the video streams , live from the event in London .
Why do SuperPower Nation ?
The art of metaprogramming , Part 1
Introduction to metaprogramming
Write programs to generate other programs
Content series :
This content is part # of # in the series :
The art of metaprogramming , Part 1 Stay tuned for additional content in this series .
This content is part of the series :
The art of metaprogramming , Part 1 Stay tuned for additional content in this series .
Code - generating programs are sometimes called metaprograms ; writing such programs is called metaprogramming .
Writing programs that write code has numerous applications .
This article explains why you might consider metaprogramming and looks at some of the components of this art -- we 'll dive into textual macro languages , survey specialized code generators and discuss how to build them , and dissect language - sensitive macro programming with Scheme .
Many different uses for metaprogramming
First , you can write programs that will pre-generate tables of data for use at runtime .
For example , if you are writing a game and want a quick lookup table for the sine of all 8 - bit integers , you can either calculate each sine yourself and hand - code it , have your program build the table at startup at runtime , or write a program to build the custom code for the table before compile - time .
While it may make sense to build the table at runtime for such a small set of numbers , other such tasks may cause program startup to be prohibitively slow .
In such cases , writing a program to build static data tables is usually your best answer .
Second , if you have a large application where many of the functions include a lot of boilerplate code , you can create a mini-language that will do the boilerplate code for you and allow you to code only the important parts .
Now , if you can , it 's best to abstract out the boilerplate portions into a function .
But often the boilerplate code is n't so pretty .
Maybe there 's a list of variables to be declared in every instance , maybe you need to register error handlers , or maybe there are several pieces of the boilerplate that have to have code inserted in certain circumstances .
All of these make a simple function call impossible .
In such cases , it is often a good idea to create a mini-language that allows you to work with your boilerplate code in an easier fashion .
This mini-language will then be converted into your regular source code language before compiling .
Finally , a lot of programming languages make you write really verbose statements to do really simple things .
Code - generating programs allow you to abbreviate such statements and save a lot of typing , which also prevents a lot of mistakes because there is less chance of mistyping .
As languages acquire more features , code - generating programs get less appealing .
What is available as a standard feature of one language may be available only through a code - generating program in another language .
However , inadequate language design is not the only reason for needing code - generating programs .
Easier maintenance is also a reason .
Basic textual macro languages
Code - generating programs allow you to develop and use small , domain - specific languages that are easier to write and maintain than writing them in the target language .
The tools used to create these domain - specific languages are usually referred to as macro languages .
This article reviews several kinds of macro languages and shows how you can use them to improve your code .
The C preprocessor ( CPP )
First let 's look at metaprogramming that involves textual macro languages .
Textual macros are macros that directly affect the text of the programming language without knowing about or dealing with the meaning of the language .
The two most widely used textual macro systems are the C preprocessor and the M4 macro processor .
If you 've done C programming , you have probably dealt with the #define macro of C. Textual macro expansion , while not ideal , is an easy way to do basic metaprogramming in many languages that do n't have better code - generation capabilities .
Listing 1 is an example of a #define macro :
Listing 1 . Simple macro to swap two values
# define SWAP ( a , b , type ) { type __tmp_c ; c = b ; b = a ; a = c ; }
This macro allows you to swap the two values of the given type .
This is best written as a macro for several reasons :
A function call would take way too much overhead for a simple operation .
You would have to pass the variables ' addresses to the function rather than the variables ' values .
( This is n't too bad , but passing addresses makes the function call messier and prevents the compiler from being able to keep the values in registers . )
You would have to code a different function for each type of item you wanted to swap .
Listing 2 is an example of the macro being used :
Listing 2 . Using the SWAP macro
# define SWAP ( a , b , type ) { type __tmp_c ; c = b ; b = a ; a = c ; } int main ( ) { int a = 3 ; int b = 5 ; printf ( " a is %d and b is %d
" , a , b ) ; SWAP ( a , b , int ) ; printf ( " a is now %d and b is now %d
" , a , b ) ; return 0 ; }
When the C preprocessor is run , it literally changes the text from SWAP ( a , b , int ) to { int __tmp_c ; __tmp_c = b ; b = a ; a = __tmp_c ; } .
Textual substitution is a useful , but fairly limited feature .
This feature has these problems :
Textual substitution can get very messy when used in combination with other expressions .
The C preprocessor allows only a fixed number of arguments to its macros .
Because of the C language 's type system , you often need different macros for different kinds of arguments or at least you must pass the type of the parameters as arguments .
Because we are doing only textual substitution , C is not smart enough to rename our temporary variable if it conflicts with one of the arguments passed to it .
Our macro would utterly fail if it were passed a variable called __tmp_c .
The problem of combining macros with expressions makes macro writing fairly difficult .
For example , let 's say you had the following macro called MIN that returns the smaller of two values :
Listing 3 . Macro to return the minimum of two values
# define MIN( x , y ) ( ( x ) > ( y ) ? ( y ) : ( x ) )
First of all , you may be wondering why so many parentheses were used .
The reason is operator precedence .
For example , if you did MIN ( 27 , b=32 ) , without those parentheses it would expand into 27 > b = 32 ? b = 32 : 27 , which will get a compiler error because 27 > b will bind closer together because of operator precedence .
If you put the parentheses back in , it will work as expected .
Unfortunately , there 's still a second problem .
Any function called as a parameter will be called for every time it is listed on the right - hand side .
Remember , the preprocessor knows nothing about the C language and is just doing text substitutions .
Therefore , if you do MIN ( do_long_calc( ) , do_long_calc2 ( ) ) , it will expand into ( ( do_long_calc ( ) ) > ( do_long_calc2 ( ) ) ? ( do_long_calc2 ( ) ) : ( do_long_calc ( ) ) ) .
This will take a long time because at least one of the calculations will be performed twice .
It 's even worse if one of those calculations has side effects ( like printing , modifying a global variable , etc. ) because these side effects will be processed twice .
This " multiple call " problem can even cause the macro to return the wrong value if one of the functions returns a different value each call .
More information about C preprocessor macro programming is available in the CPP manual ( see the Related topics section for a link ) .
The M4 macro processor
The M4 macro processor is one of the most advanced textual macro- processing systems .
Its main claim to fame is as a helper tool for the popular sendmail mailer configuration file .
The sendmail configuration is neither fun nor pretty .
Sendmail 's configuration file has an entire book devoted to it .
However , the makers of sendmail wrote a set of M4 macros to make the process easier .
In the macros you simply specify certain parameters , and the M4 processor applies a boilerplate that is specific to both your local installation and sendmail in general .
And it comes up with a configuration file for you .
For example , Listing 4 is the M4 macro version of a typical sendmail configuration file :
Listing 4 . Sample sendmail configuration with M4 macros
divert ( - 1 ) include( `/usr / share/sendmail-cf/m4/cf.m4 ')
VERSIONID ( `linux setup for my Linux dist ' ) dnl OSTYPE ( `linux ' ) define( `confDEF_USER_ID ', ``8:12 '' ) dnl undefine ( `UUCP_RELAY ') dnl undefine( `BITNET_RELAY ') dnl define( `PROCMAIL_MAILER_PATH',`/usr/bin/procmail')dnl define ( `ALIAS_FILE ' , `/etc/aliases ') dnl define ( `UUCP_MAILER_MAX ' , `2000000 ' ) dnl define( `confUSERDB_SPEC ' , `/etc/mail/userdb.db') dnl define( `confPRIVACY_FLAGS ' , `authwarnings , novrfy , noexpn , restrictqrun ' ) dnl define( `confAUTH_OPTIONS ' , ` A ' ) dnl define( `confTO_IDENT ' , `0 ') dnl FEATURE(`no_default_msa', `dnl ') dnl FEATURE( `smrsh',`/usr/sbin/smrsh')dnl FEATURE( `mailertable ' , `hash -o /etc/mail/mailertable.db') dnl FEATURE ( `virtusertable ' , `hash -o /etc/mail/virtusertable.db') dnl FEATURE ( redirect ) dnl FEATURE(always_add_domain) dnl FEATURE(use_cw_file) dnl FEATURE(use_ct_file ) dnl FEATURE( local_procmail , `' , `procmail -t - Y - a $ h -d $ u') dnl FEATURE ( `access_db ' , `hash - T < TMPF > -o /etc/mail/access.db') dnl FEATURE(`blacklist_recipients ') dnl EXPOSED_USER( `root ') dnl DAEMON_OPTIONS( `Port=smtp , Addr=127.0.0.1, Name=MTA ') FEATURE(`accept_unresolvable_domains ') dnl MAILER ( smtp ) dnl MAILER ( procmail ) dnl Cwlocalhost.localdomain
You do n't need to understand it , but just know that this small file , after being run through the M4 macro processor , generates over 1,000 lines of configuration .
Similarly , autoconf uses M4 to produce shell scripts based on simple macros .
If you 've ever installed a program where the first thing you did was type in ./ configure , you probably used a program generated using autoconf macros .
Listing 5 is a simple autoconf program that generates a configure program over 3,000 lines long :
Listing 5 . Sample autoconf script using M4 macros
AC_INIT ( hello.c ) AM_CONFIG_HEADER(config.h ) AM_INIT_AUTOMAKE ( hello,0.1 ) AC_PROG_CC AC_PROG_INSTALL AC_OUTPUT ( Makefile )
When run through the macro processor , this will create a shell script that will do the standard configuration checks , look for the standard paths and compiler commands , and build a config.h and a Makefile for you from templates .
The details of the M4 macro processor are too complex to discuss here , but links to more information about the M4 macro processor and its use in sendmail and autoconf are in the Related topics section .
Programs that write programs
Now let 's turn our attention from generic textual - substitution programs to highly specialized code generators .
We 'll review the various programs available , look at sample usage , and build a code generator .
A survey of code generators
GNU / Linux systems come with several program - writing programs .
The most popular are probably :
Flex , a lexical analyzer generator
Bison , a parser generator
Gperf , a perfect hash - function generator
These tools all generate output for the C language .
You may wonder why these are implemented as code generators instead of as functions .
There are several reasons :
The inputs to these functions are very complicated and not easily expressible in a form that is valid C code .
These programs compute and generate many static lookup tables for operation , and therefore it is better to generate these tables once during pre-compile time than during every invocation of the program .
Many aspects of the functioning of these systems are customizable with arbitrary code placed in specific positions .
This code can then use variables and functions that are part of the generated structure built by the code generator without having to define and derive all of the variables manually .
Each of these tools is focused on building a particular type of program .
Bison is used to generate parsers ;
Flex is used to generate lexical analyzers .
Other tools are more focused on automating specific aspects of programming .
For example , integrating database - access methods into imperative languages is often a chore .
For making this both easier and more standardized , Embedded SQL is a metaprogramming system used to easily combine database access with C .
While there are many libraries available that allow you to access databases in C , using a code generator such as Embedded SQL makes combining C and database access much easier by merging SQL entities into C as an extended part of the language .
Many Embedded SQL implementations , however , are basically just specialized macro processors that generate regular C programs as output .
Using the Embedded SQL though , makes the database access much more natural , intuitive , and error - free for the programmer than through the direct use of libraries .
With Embedded SQL , the intricacies of database programming are masked by a sort of macro sub-language .
How a code generator is used
To see how a code generator works , let 's look at a short Embedded SQL program .
In order to do this , you need an Embedded SQL processor .
PostgreSQL comes with an Embedded SQL compiler , ecpg .
To run this program , you need to create a database in PostgreSQL called " test " .
Then issue the following commands in that database :
Listing 6 . Database creation script for example program
create table people ( id serial primary key , name varchar ( 50 ) ) ; insert into people ( name ) values ( ' Tony ' ) ; insert into people ( name ) values ( ' Bob ' ) ; insert into people ( name ) values ( ' Mary ' ) ;
Listing 7 is a simple program to read and print out the contents of the database , sorted by the name field :
Listing 7 . Example Embedded SQL program
#include < stdio.h > int main ( ) { /*
Setup database connection -- replace postgres / password w/ the username / password on your system */ EXEC SQL CONNECT TO unix : postgresql://localhost/test
USER postgres / password ; /*
These variables are going to be used for temporary storage w/ the database */ EXEC SQL BEGIN DECLARE SECTION ; int my_id ; VARCHAR my_name [ 200 ] ; EXEC SQL END DECLARE SECTION ; /*
This is the statement we are going to execute */ EXEC SQL DECLARE test_cursor CURSOR FOR SELECT id , name FROM people ORDER BY name ; /*
Run the statement */ EXEC SQL OPEN test_cursor ; EXEC SQL WHENEVER NOT FOUND GOTO close_test_cursor ; while ( 1 ) /* our previous statement will handle exitting the loop */ { /*
Fetch the next value */ EXEC SQL FETCH test_cursor INTO : my_id , : my_name ; printf ( " Fetched ID is %d and fetched name is %s
" , my_id , my_name.arr ) ; } /* Cleanup */ close_test_cursor : EXEC SQL CLOSE test_cursor ; EXEC SQL DISCONNECT ; return 0 ; }
If you 've done database programming in C before with a regular database library , you can tell that this is a much more natural way to code .
Normal C coding does not allow returning multiple return values of arbitrary type , but our EXEC SQL FETCH line does precisely that .
To compile and run the program , just put it into a file called test.pgc and run the following commands :
Listing 8 . Building an Embedded SQL program
ecpg test.pgc gcc test .c - lecpg -o test ./ test
Building a code generator
Now that you 've seen several types of code generators and the types of things that they can do , it is now time to write a small code generator .
Probably the simplest useful code generator you could write would be one to build static lookup tables .
Often , in order to build fast functions in C programming , you simply create a lookup table of all of the answers .
This means that you either need to pre-compute them by hand ( which is wasteful of your time ) or build them at runtime ( which is wasteful of the user 's time ) .
In this example you will build a generator that will take a function or set of functions on an integer and build lookup tables for the answer .
To think of how to make such a program , let 's start from the end and work backward .
Let 's say you want a lookup table that will return square roots of numbers between 5 and 20 .
A simple program can be written to generate such a table like this :
Listing 9 . Generate and use a lookup table of square roots
/* our lookup table */ double square_roots [ 21 ] ; /* function to load the table at runtime */ void init_square_roots ( ) { int i ; for( i = 5 ; i < 21 ; i++) { square_roots [ i ] = sqrt ( ( double ) i ) ; } } /* program that uses the table */ int main ( ) { init_square_roots ( ) ; printf ( " The square root of 5 is %f
" , square_roots [ 5 ] ) ; return 0 ; }
Now , to convert this to a statically initialized array , you would remove the first part of the program and replace it with something like this , calculated by hand :
Listing 10 .
Square root program with a static lookup table
double square_roots [ ] = { /* these are the ones we skipped */ 0.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 , 0.0 2.236068 , /* Square root of 5 */ 2.449490 , /* Square root of 6 */ 2.645751 , /* Square root of 7 */ 2.828427 , /* Square root of 8 */ 3.0 , /* Square root of 9 */ ... 4.472136 /* Square root of 20 */ } ;
What is needed is a program that will produce these values and print them out in a table like the previous one so they are loaded in at compile - time .
Let 's analyze the different pieces we have working here :
An array name
An array type
A start index
An end index
A default value for the skipped entries
An expression to compute the final value
These are all very simple , well - defined pieces -- they can simply be spelled out as a simple list .
So we will probably want our macro call to combine these elements in a colon - separated list and look something like this :
Listing 11 .
Our ideal method for generating a compile - time table of square roots
/* sqrt.in */ /*
Our macro invocation to build us the table .
The format is : */ /* TABLE : array name : type : start index : end index : default : expression */ /* VAL is used as the placeholder for the current index in the expression */ TABLE:square_roots : double:5:20:0.0:sqrt( VAL ) int main ( ) { printf ( " The square root of 5 is %f
" , square_roots [ 5 ] ) ; return 0 ; }
Now we just need a program to convert our macro into standard C .
For this simple example , Perl is used because it can evaluate user code in a string , and its syntax is largely C - like .
This allows it to load and process user code dynamically .
Our code generator should process the macro declarations , but pass through all non-macro portions unchanged .
Therefore , the basic organization of the macro processor should look like this :
Read in a line .
Should the line be processed ?
If so , process the line and generate output .
If not , simply copy the line directly to the output unchanged .
Listing 12 is the Perl code to create our table generator :
Listing 12 .
Code generator for the table macro
#!/usr/bin/perl # #tablegen.pl # # # Puts each program line into $ line while ( my $ line = <>) {
# Is this a macro invocation ?
if ( $line =~ m/TABLE :/) {
# If so , split it apart into its component pieces my ( $ dummy , $ table_name , $ type , $ start_idx , $ end_idx , $ default , $ procedure ) = split ( m/:/ , $ line , 7 ) ; # The main difference between C and Perl for mathematical expressions is that # Perl prefixes its variables with a dollar sign , so we will add that here $ procedure =~ s/VAL / \$ VAL/g ; # Print out the array declaration print " ${type} $ {table_name} [ ] = {
" ; # Go through each array element foreach my $ VAL ( 0 .. $ end_idx ) { # Only process an answer if we have reached our starting index if ( $ VAL >= $ start_idx ) { #evaluate the procedure specified ( this sets $ @ if there are any errors ) $ result = eval $ procedure ; die ( " Error processing : $ @ " ) if $ @ ; } else { # if we have n't reached the starting index , just use the default $ result = $ default ; } # Print out the value print " \t${result} " ;
# If there are more to be processed , add a comma after the value if ( $ VAL != $ end_idx ) { print " , " ; } print "
" } # Finish the declaration print " } ;
" ; } else { # If this is not a macro invocation , just copy the line directly to the output print $ line ; } }
To run this program , do this :
Listing 13 .
Running the code generator
./tablegen.pl < sqrt.in > sqrt.c gcc sqrt.c -o sqrt ./a.out
So in just a few lines of code you created a simple code generator that can dramatically ease your programming tasks .
With that single macro , you can take away a lot of work for any program that has to generate mathematical tables indexed by integer .
A little extra work would also allow tables containing full struct definitions ; a little more would ensure that space is n't wasted at the front of the array with useless empty entries .
Language - sensitive macro programming with Scheme
While code generators understand a little bit about the target language , they are usually not full parsers and cannot take the target language into account without rewriting a complete compiler .
However , this might be simplified if there was a language already represented with a simple data structure .
In the Scheme programming language , the language itself is represented as a linked list and the Scheme programming language is built for list processing !
This makes Scheme the ideal language ( almost ) for creating programs that are transformed -- no massive parsing is needed to parse the program , and Scheme itself is a list - processing language .
In fact , Scheme 's abilities to do transformation go beyond that .
The Scheme standard defines a macro language specifically built to make it easier to make additions to the language .
And most Scheme implementations provide additional features to aid in building code - generating programs .
Let 's re-examine the problems of our C macros .
With the SWAP macro you first had to explicitly say what types of values you were swapping , and second , you had to use a name for the temporary variable that you were sure was n't in use elsewhere .
Let 's examine what the equivalent looks like in Scheme and how Scheme solves these issues :
Listing 14 .
Value - swapping macro in Scheme
;; Define SWAP to be a macro ( define - syntax SWAP ;; We are using the syntax - rules method of macro- building ( syntax - rules ( ) ;; Rule Group ( ;; This is the pattern we are matching ( SWAP a b ) ;; This is what we want it to transform into ( let ( ( c b ) ) ( set ! b a ) ( set ! a c ) ) ) ) ) ( define first 2 ) ( define second 9 ) ( SWAP first second ) ( display " first is : " ) ( display first ) ( newline ) ( display " second is : " ) ( display second ) ( newline )
This is a syntax - rules macro .
There are several macro systems for Scheme , but syntax - rules is the standard .
In a syntax - rules macro , define - syntax is the keyword used to define a macro transformation .
After the define - syntax keyword comes the name of the macro being defined ; after that comes the transformation .
syntax - rules is the type of transformation being applied .
Within the parentheses are any other macro-specific symbols being used other than the macro name itself ( there are none in this case ) .
After that comes a sequence of transforming rules .
The syntax transformer will go through each rule and try to find a matching pattern .
After it finds one , it runs the given transformation .
In this case there is only one pattern : ( SWAP a b ) .
a and b are pattern variables that are matched to units of code in the macro invocation and used to rearrange the parts during transformation .
From the first look , this may appear to have some of the same pitfalls of the C version ; however , there are several differences .
First , since this is the Scheme language , the types are bound to the values themselves , not the variable names , so there is no worry at all about the variable type problems that occurred in the C version .
But does n't this have the same problem of variable naming that the original one had ?
That is , if one of the variables were named c , would n't that cause a conflict ?
Actually it would n't .
Macros in Scheme using syntax - rules are hygienic .
This means that all temporary variables used by a macro are automatically renamed before the substitution occurs in order to prevent them from having conflicting names .
Therefore in this macro , c will be renamed to something else before substitutions if one of the substitution variables is named c .
In fact , it will likely be renamed anyway .
Listing 15 is a possible result of the macro transformation on the program :
Listing 15 .
Possible transformation of the value - swapping macro
( define first 2 ) ( define second 9 ) ( let ( ( __generated_symbol_1 second ) ) ( set! second first ) ( set! first __generated_symbol_1 ) ) ( display " first is : " ) ( display first ) ( newline ) ( display " second is : " ) ( display second ) ( newline )
As you can see , Scheme 's hygienic macros can bring you the benefits of other macro systems without many of their pitfalls .
Sometimes however , you want macros not to be hygienic .
For example , you may want to introduce bindings in your macro that are accessible to the code you are transforming .
Simply declaring a variable will not do because the syntax - rules system will simply rename the variable .
Therefore , most schemes also include a non-hygienic macro system called syntax - case .
syntax - case macros are harder to write , but they are much more powerful because you have pretty much the entire Scheme runtime available to you for transformation .
syntax - case macros are not really standard , but they are implemented on many Scheme systems .
Those that do not have syntax - case usually have other , similar systems available .
Let 's look at the basic form of a syntax - case macro .
Let 's define a macro called at - compile - time that will execute a given form during compilation .
Listing 16 .
Macro to generate a value or set of values at compile time
;; Define our macro ( define - syntax at - compile - time ; ;x is the syntax object to be transformed ( lambda ( x ) ( syntax - case x ( ) ( ;; Pattern just like a syntax - rules pattern ( at - compile - time expression ) ;; with - syntax allows us to build syntax objects ;; dynamically ( with - syntax ( ; this is the syntax object we are building ( expression - value ; after computing expression , transform it into a syntax object ( datum - > syntax - object ; syntax domain ( syntax at - compile - time ) ; quote the value so that its a literal value ( list ' quote ; compute the value to transform ( eval ;; convert the expression from the syntax representation ;; to a list representation ( syntax - object - > datum ( syntax expression ) ) ;; environment to evaluate in ( interaction - environment ) ) ) ) ) )
;; Just return the generated value as the result ( syntax expression - value ) ) ) ) ) ) ( define a ;; converts to 5 at compile - time ( at - compile - time (+ 2 3 ) ) )
This will perform the given operation at compile time .
More specifically , it will perform the given operation at macro- expansion time , which is not always the same as compile time in Scheme systems .
Any expression allowed at compile - time on your Scheme system will be available for use in this expression .
Now let 's see how it works .
With syntax - case , you actually are defining a transforming function , which is where the lambda comes in .
The x is the expression being transformed .
with - syntax defines additional syntax elements that can be used in the transforming expression .
syntax takes the syntax elements and combines them back together , following the same rules as the transformer in syntax - rules .
Let 's look at what 's happening one step at a time :
The at - compile - time expression is matched .
In the innermost part of the transformation , expression is converted to a list representation and is evaluated as normal scheme code .
The result is then combined with the symbol quote into a list so that Scheme will treat it as a literal value when it becomes code .
This data is converted into a syntax object .
This syntax object is given the name expression - value for expressing it in the output .
The transformer ( syntax expression - value ) says that expression - value is the entirety of the output from this macro .
With this ability to perform computations at compile time , an even better version of the TABLE macro can be made than we defined for the C language .
Listing 17 shows how you would do it in Scheme with our at - compile - time macro :
Listing 17 .
Building the square root table in Scheme
( define sqrt-table ( at - compile - time ( list - > vector ( let build ( ( val 0 ) ) ( if (> val 20 ) '( ) ( cons ( sqrt val ) ( build (+ val 1 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( display ( vector - ref sqrt-table 5 ) ) ( newline )
This can be made even easier to use by making a further macro for table - building that will be remarkably similar to our C language macro :
Listing 18 .
Macro to build lookup tables at compile time
( define - syntax build - compiled - table ( syntax - rules ( ) ( ( build - compiled - table name start end default func ) ( define name ( at - compile - time ( list - > vector ( let build ( ( val 0 ) ) ( if ( > val end ) '( ) ( if ( < val start ) ( cons default ( build (+ val 1 ) ) ) ( cons ( func val ) ( build (+ val 1 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( build - compiled - table sqrt-table 5 20 0.0 sqrt ) ( display ( vector - ref sqrt-table 5 ) ) ( newline )
Now you have a function that allows you to easily build whatever kind of tables you wish .
Summary
Whew !
We 've covered a large amount of territory , so let 's take a moment to review .
First we discussed which problems were best solved with a code - generating program .
These include the following :
Programs that need to pre-generate data tables
Programs that have a lot of boilerplate code that cannot be abstracted into functions
Programs using techniques that are overly verbose in the language you are writing them in
We then looked at several metaprogramming systems and examples of their use .
This included generic textual - substitution systems , as well as domain - specific program and function generators .
We then examined a specific instance of table - building and went through the motions of writing a code - generating program to build static tables in C .
Finally , we looked at Scheme and saw how it is able to tackle the issues we faced in the C language using constructs that were part of the Scheme language itself .
Scheme is built to be both a language and a code - generating language for itself .
Because these techniques are built into the language itself , it is simpler to program and does n't suffer from many of the same problems inherent in other techniques discussed .
This allows you to simply and easily add domain - specific extensions to the Scheme language in the place that code generators have traditionally held .
Part 2 of this series examines in more detail how to program Scheme macros and how they can make your large - scale programming tasks significantly easier .
Downloadable resources
Related topics
Aktueller Schwerpunkt Das waren die BigBrotherAwards 2020
Alle Preisträger der BigBrotherAwards 2020 , inklusive der vollständigen Laudatio - Texte auf deutsch und englisch , gibt es auf BigBrotherAwards.de ; das vollständige Video der Verleihung ist auf media.ccc.de .
Die Awards haben bereits jetzt ein beachtliches Presseecho ausgelöst .
Wir bedanken uns bei unserer Jury , dem ganzen Team und allen , die mitgeholfen haben und dabei waren .
Besonders danken wir auch für die vielen Spenden , die diese Veranstaltung möglich gemacht haben .
[ / caption ]
( Editor ’s Note : Ken Kremer is at the Kennedy Space Center for Universe Today covering the flight of Discovery )
Beautiful billowing clouds of all shapes , sizes and appearance always form from rocket exhaust plumes following a mighty rocket launch , whether it ’s from the Space Shuttle or an unmanned rocket like the Atlas for the SDO launch ( see my exhaust plume photo ) .
Well I ’ve never witnessed anything like the magnificently colored clouds following Monday ’s ( April 5 ) predawn launch of Shuttle Discovery .
They are known as “ Mother of Pearl ” clouds – according to Jacob Kuiper , Senior Meteorologist with the Royal Netherlands Meteorological Institute ( KNMI ) .
Kuiper and myself observed the launch together with journalist Rob van Mackelenbergh ( Dutch Society for Spaceflight , NVR ) at the Kennedy Space Center ( KSC ) Press Site , located across the street from the iconic Vehicle Assembly Building where Shuttle ’s are prepared for launch .
See our STS 131 Launch day photo mosaic below of the day ’s thrilling events .
At first the wispy clouds were nearly all white and set against the still dark sky .
Then the sky overhead was suddenly lit on fire with a growing multitude of these pastel colored “ Mother of Pearl ” clouds – also called “ Nacreous ” clouds .
“ The Mother of Pearl Clouds began turning from white to hues of pink and yellow .
Starting about 10 minutes after the launch of Space Shuttle Discovery , its exhaust plume turned into a magnificently colorful panorama .
Generally , this continues until about 40 minutes or more after blast off ” , Kuiper told me as we stood next to the world famous Countdown clock and gazed in awe at the colored clouds above .
“ Launching northeast in the predawn sky here on the ground means as the shuttle and its exhaust plumes head to orbit they ’re going to catch the rising sunlight and that ’s what creates the spectacular clouds we saw on launch morning ! ” KSC spokesman Allard Beutel explained to me .
The wispy clouds are transient events – constantly evolving in mere seconds as they are blown in a multitude of directions .
Indeed it ’s quite easy to let your imagination run wild and dream all sorts of fantastical things ranging from mythical creatures to assorted life forms and even people .
Certainly someone has sighted Elvis in the rocket plumes .
“ Atmospheric layers between 15 and 85 kilometers height normally contain very low quantities of water vapor .
But the final exhaust product of the Shuttle ’s external tank ( hydrogen and oxygen ) provides an enormous amount of water vapor ” , Kuiper said .
“ In the very cold atmosphere layers , the vapor turned into a tremendous mass of ice crystals and tiny super cooled water droplets .
These crystals reflect and bend the solar rays very efficiently and create a nice spectrum of colors ” .
“ The lowest clouds , turned pink and orange , because at that height the sun just rises and most rays are a bit more reddish due to a certain extinction of the atmosphere .
The higher portions of the exhaust plume hardly experience any extinction , ” Kuiper explained .
“ The yellow / white light of the sun – there a few more degrees above the horizon – is reflected immediately and causes the yellow and white , sometimes blueish colors .
In the lowest segment of the atmospheric layers starting around 15 kilometers height , nature is able to form these clouds under very special circumstances .
There they are called ‘ Mother of Pearl ’ clouds ” .
“ In layers around the Mesopause ( about 85 km ) , clouds sometimes appear in the weeks around June 21 ( northerly latitudes ) .
These clouds are called Noctilucent clouds – or NLC .
Both types can be produced due to the exhaust plumes from a Space Shuttle launch ” , said Kuiper .
By far the largest and most long lasting rocket exhaust clouds derive from the Space Shuttle because it ’s the most powerful rocket in the US Fleet – although not for much longer after the shuttle is retired and the US completely loses its Heavy Lift boost capability .
Internet sources : www.knmi.nl, www.weerboek.nl
Earlier STS 131 related articles by Ken Kremer :
Spectacular Radar Failed Belly Flip ( Video ) and Docking links Discovery to ISS
Antenna Glitch hinders Data Flow from Inspection of Discovery
Discovery Dazzles with Two Dawns in One Day
Discovery Unveiled on Easter Sunday to the Heavens Above
Countdown Clock Ticking for Discovery Blast off on April 5
Soyuz Blasts off with Russian American Crew for Easter ISS arrival
This little nugget has gotten much less attention than it merits , via MMA Fighting 's account of Dream Event Producer Keiichi Sasahara 's post event press conference after DREAM.13 :
Strikeforce heavyweight champion Alistair Overeem fights for Dream more often than he fights for Strikeforce .
Sasahara said he hopes to see Overeem fight Josh Barnett , and that the winner of that fight would take on Fedor Emelianenko .
" Of course , belts will be involved so you can expect this year to be about Strikeforce vs. Dream and also titles on the line , " Sasahara said .
" Watching tonight 's fights , I think we have a taste of what this year will be like . "
Naturally American fans who are truly sick and tired of waiting for Strikeforce champ Alistair Overeem defend his belt , Fedor Emelianenko to work out his contractual issues , and just plain sick and tired of Josh Barnett will not be excited about any of these match - ups .
Josh Gross 's commentary on DREAM.13 points out another negative to a Barnett vs Overeem match :
Dream must consider implementing meaningful drug - testing , otherwise it will deservedly earn the reputation as a haven for P.E.D. users like heavyweight Josh Barnett .
" The problem of the Japanese promoter is that athletic commissions do n't exist , " Dream executive Sotaro Shinoda told SI.com last week .
That 's not a responsible position which stands up to the realities of sport .
Michael David Smith piled on , in his brutal review of Barnett 's fiasco of a fight against Mighty Mo at DREAM.13 :
The win improves Barnett to 25 - 5 , but it does nothing to advance his MMA career .
The bottom line is that Barnett has the talent to be a great fighter , but he 's stuck in Japan fighting mediocre opponents because he refuses to follow American rules against performance - enhancing drugs .
What a shame .
If DREAM books a fight between Overeem -- who is suspected by many of using PEDs -- and Barnett -- who has failed more steroid tests than anyone in MMA history -- this criticism of DREAM as a haven for PED abusers will only grow louder .
Not that that matters to Japanese fans , DREAM 's management , or honestly me .
I 'd love to see Barnett vs Overeem with the winner to get Fedor .
Provided that Overeem defends his Strikeforce belt against Brett Rogers first and that the final fight takes place in the States and everyone passes their drug tests .
I wo n't be holding my breath .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Lewis Hamilton and Sebastian Vettel have both been reprimanded by the race stewards for dangerous driving during their pitlane incident in the Chinese Grand Prix .
Hamilton was released after a pitstop just as Vettel was near him , and the pair chose to race side - by - side down the length of the pits rather than concede the position .
The stewards believed that such driving , which included Hamilton getting sideways as he tried to out - accelerate the Red Bull Racing driver and Vettel edging over on the McLaren , was done in a " dangerous manner . "
The stewards spoke to both drivers and reviewed video evidence before making their ruling .
DETROIT -- Detroit Red Wings coach Mike Babcock inserted Justin Abdelkader into the lineup to provide grit and physical play while centering the fourth line .
Abdelkader did just that , and also scored a goal on a good individual effort .
He stripped Wojtek Wolski of the puck from behind inside the Phoenix blue line and broke in alone on Ilya Bryzgalov to score the goal that gave Detroit a 4 - 3 lead at 2:32 of the third period .
“ That ’s real positive , ” Babcock said .
“ I thought Abby was good tonight .
He ran around , which is good .
“ He ’s going to be a real good player in this league and he ’s going to be a guy who can wear out other people and defensemen and stand up for his teammates , but he ’s in a growth process right now .
To chip in as a fourth - line center is positive . ”
Abdelkader played in 10 playoff games last year and scored goals in Games 1 and 2 of the Stanley Cup finals .
“ Hopefully , I can help out in that ( goal - scoring ) department , but I know that ’s not expected of us too much , ” Abdelkader said .
“ We ’re more about getting on top of their D , being physical , being good defensively , ( winning ) faceoffs .
If we can chip in ( offensively ) , that ’s great . "
Sam's Toybox Homepage I 've started selling some of my toys & collectibles .
See my eBay Store ( Ad ) for current listings .
Thanks ,
Sam
The Spirograph drawing toy by Kenner was among the coolest toys from my youth .
Released in various configurations through the years the original set debuted in 1967 .
Older sets can have either a blue or red fitted storage tray .
Other drawing toys in my collection : Electric Drawing Set by Lakeside Toys , Enlarg - A - Graph and Trace - A - Graph by Emenee , and Mighty Men & Monster Maker by Tomy .
Here is the original Spirograph set , item number 401 dated 1967 .
My copy is absolutely mint in un-played - with condition .
All parts are present including the paper and baseboard which has no pinholes in it .
Here is the Spirograph refill kit which includes paper , a new drawing baseboard , and guides for 70 new patterns .
Also dated 1967 , there is no item number on this sealed package .
This is a 1968 version which is still called item number 401 .
This particular copy comes from Canada with additional instructions in French .
Missing only the pens it comes with the second edition red plastic parts tray .
A toybox visitor alerted me to the existance of Spiroman and send me this picture of the one he owned -- I had no idea .
I immediately started watching eBay for one and after missing out on this pristine set I picked up this copy which the original owner attacked with gold spray paint .
Kids these days ( or those days ) .
The set appears complete including the instructions and design book but has some breaks in the plastic base where the front legs go in so I can't set it up .
Hopefully I 'll fix it with some fiberglass , something I 'm all too familiar with on these old toys , and take a picture with Spiroman set up and in action .
Item number 432 dated 1968 .
These are Super Spirograph sets , both item number 2400 dated 1969 .
The red set came first , the blue a year or two later .
Slight differences in the box and the newer box has a caution sticker applied warning of small parts .
Both of my sets are missing the pens and paper .
Kenner 's Spirofoil set , item number 7900 dated 1970 allowed one to make designs on thick aluminum foil which they could then paint .
My set is complete but every one of the foil sheets , including those in the refill pack ( item number 7952 , also from 1970 ) have been used .
Some have been painted apparently with the paints that came in the set .
This is the SpiroTot set for children age three to seven .
Item number 441 dated 1972 .
Mine is missing the green pen and all the paper .
Got this off of eBay for 65 cents .
Here are the Spirotot instructions .
This is a newer Spirograph set , item number 14210 dated 1986 .
Already Kenner had started making the toy less fun by eliminating the pins to hold down the ring gear .
My set is missing the ring holder , one of the pens and the instructions .
This is the Travel Spirograph set from 1988 .
I 'm not sure how many wheels or pens were included when new .
As you can see , I have two of them though the second one only had the one " eye " shaped wheel
This is a newest Spirograph set I own .
Dated 1993 , there is no item number on the package .
The set looks just like the 1986 set above and my version is complete including the instructions .
This is a Spirograph clone called the Super - Circle Designer by Lisbeth Whiting .
It has a single drawing disk in which one can put one , two , or three pens and the handle .
Put the disk inside one of the three different size rings and draw just like the Spirograph .
My set is complete even with the original paper which is quite yellowed .
Item number 650 dated 1967 .
If you found this site useful or enjoyable perhaps you would sign the guestbook .
Ca n't find it ?
Try searching the Toybox with : Custom Search
Contact me : Sam Cancilla , sam@samstoybox.com .
Last Modified : June 9 , 2008
Copyright © 1999 - 2020 Sam Cancilla .
All Rights Reserved Worldwide .
I guess it 's asking too much of Chuck Todd to challenge John Boehner when he comes on his show and lies through his teeth .
Help me out if I missed something here .
He claims they 're going to cut Medicare , calls the United States health care system the " best in the world " and again infers that the health care bill is a " government takeover " of the health care system .
Todd then allows a guy who was handing out checks from the tobacco lobby on the House floor back in 1996 to go on about House ethics and Eric Massa 's problems .
To Todd 's credit he did at least bother to mention John Ensign , but when Boehner writes that off as not being his problem because he's in the House and not the Senate he lets that go as well .
Here 's your supposed " liberal " television network folks .
I expect we 'll get something similar when Tom Brokaw interviews Karl Rove on Meet the Press .
An Irish sailor who texted his girlfriend the location of his ship has been given a three - month jail sentence and discharged from the Republic of Ireland 's Defence Forces .
Able Seaman Eoin Gray ( 24 ) had pleaded guilty to disclosing information without authority about the operation of state ships at sea between December 4 and 14 , 2008 .
The Dublin native had on several occasions contacted a colleague in the Fisheries Monitoring Centre about the status and location of his ship , the ' LE Orla ' .
He wished to do so to see if he would be free to go home at the weekend and texted his girlfriend the information .
But yesterday , military judge Colonel Anthony McCourt told Gray he would no longer be trusted in the eyes of his superiors and had no future in the Naval Service .
Judge McCourt said the serious breach of discipline could have merited 12 months in prison and a discharge from the Defence Forces .
The sentence , imposed during a court martial hearing at McKee Barracks in Dublin , came in spite of pleas by Gray 's counsel for a lenient sentence .
Ross Maguire pointed out that the charge of disclosing information had been one of five laid against his client .
Gray initially pleaded not guilty to all charges , but when he changed his plea for the charge of disclosure , the remaining four were dropped .
They included charges relating to the importation of cocaine , possession of cocaine and possession of eight counterfeit hair straighteners .
He argued that his client 's decision to text his girlfriend about the location of his ship was serious , but it was a private matter and there was nothing sinister in his doing so .
Gray had been recommended to carry out a chefs course at the school of catering in October 2009 by the Naval Service and was due to qualify as a chef .
And a character reference from Paul Logan , of the Defence Forces catering service college , described him as an " excellent student " and " no trouble " .
" I would ask the court to be as lenient as it can be as this is at the very low end of the type of offence that comes before the court , " Mr Maguire said .
But Judge McCourt insisted the charge was serious and the Navy could not operate effectively if information was being disclosed .
Gray could not have been unaware of the sensitive nature of the information as he had two - and - a - half years of experience at sea , he argued .
" You have demonstrated that you cannot be trusted with information of a sensitive nature , " Judge McCourt said .
The court noted Gray 's age , the fact his two - year - old child was dependent on him and that this was his first offence .
Judge McCourt said there was no evidence that the information disclosed did adversely impact on naval operations , but the offence was serious enough to warrant a custodial sentence of three months and discharge from the force .
Gray was taken to the Curragh Military Prison yesterday , where he will serve out his sentence .
He was previously fined € 50 and given a 15 - day shore leave stop on May 28 , 2007 , after he took absence without leave for five hours .
Belfast Telegraph
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Monday , March 8 , 2010
Since the establishment media is convinced that tea party members , 9/11 truthers , libertarians , Ron Paul supporters , and basically anyone with a dissenting political opinion is a likely domestic terrorist , they should be celebrating the fact that a new bill would allow the government to detain such people as “ enemy belligerents ” indefinitely and without trial based on their “ suspected activity ” .
The “ Enemy Belligerent , Interrogation , Detention , and Prosecution Act of 2010 , ” introduced by Senators John McCain and Joseph Lieberman on Thursday with little fanfare , “ sets out a comprehensive policy for the detention , interrogation and trial of suspected enemy belligerents who are believed to have engaged in hostilities against the United States by requiring these individuals to be held in military custody , interrogated for their intelligence value and not provided with a Miranda warning , ” writes the Atlantic ’s Marc Ambinder .
The full bill can be read here ( PDF ) .
The bill does not distinguish between U.S. citizens and non-citizens , and states that “ suspected belligerents ” who are “ considered a “ high - value detainee ” shall not be provided with a Miranda warning . ”
A person is considered a “ high value detainee ” if they fulfil one of the following criteria .
( 1 ) poses a threat of an attack on civilians or civilian facilities within the U.S. or U.S. facilities abroad ; ( 2 ) poses a threat to U.S. military personnel or U.S. military facilities ; ( 3 ) potential intelligence value ; ( 4 ) is a member of al Qaeda or a terrorist group affiliated with al Qaeda or ( 5 ) such other matters as the President considers appropriate .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
Now that the Southern Poverty Law Center and the federal government , via the MIAC report and innumerable other leaked documents , now consider virtually anyone with a dissenting opinion against the state as “ posing a threat , ” millions of peaceful American citizens could be swept up by this frightening dragnet of tyranny .
However , according to the bill , an individual does n’t even have to pose a threat to be snatched , detained and interrogated – they can merely be deemed to be of “ potential intelligence value ” or come under the vague and sweeping mandate of “ such other matters as the President considers appropriate ” .
This last designation hands Obama dictator powers to have any American citizen kidnapped , detained , and interrogated on a whim .
The only proviso that even hints at some form of check or balance is the measure that states , “ The High - Value Detainee Interrogation Team must make a preliminary determination whether the detainee is an unprivileged enemy belligerent within 48 hours of taking detainee into custody . ”
“ The High - Value Detainee Interrogation Team must submit its determination to the Secretary of Defense and the Attorney General after consultation with the Director of National Intelligence , the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation , and the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency .
The Secretary of Defense and the Attorney General make a final determination and report the determination to the President and the appropriate committees of Congress .
In the case of any disagreement between the Secretary of Defense and the Attorney General , the President will make the determination , ” states the bill .
The ACLU has expressed its vigorous opposition to the legislation , labeling it nothing less than a “ direct attack on the Constitution ” .
“ Indefinite detention flies in the face of American values and violates this country ’s commitment to the rule of law , ” states Laura W. Murphy , Director of the ACLU Washington Legislative Office .
Of course , such positions from the ACLU as well as Amnesty International will only be used as grist for the neo -con propaganda mill about how the bill ought to be passed in order to avoid being “ soft on terrorists , ” a piece of spin still being swallowed whole by millions of conservatives who are blissfully unaware of the fact that the apparatus of the war on terror is now being aimed squarely at politically active American citizens .
“ Torture , indefinite imprisonment , secret trials and limited staged hearings are the stuff of cheap dictatorships , ” writes Ian McColgin .
“ They are the sort of idiocy we scorned in the Soviets , the Koreans and the Vietnamese .
It is astonishing that we have senators and citizens even discussing this bill which is not a capitulation to terrorism – it ’s the triumph of terrorism . ”
Homeland Security is already implementing technology to be enforced at “ security events ” which purportedly reads “ malintent ” on behalf of an individual who passes through a checkpoint .
Perhaps the video below explains just how “ enemy belligerents ” will be identified on American soil .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
A friend pointed me in the direction of a little piece of code behind the official site for the Senator the Hon.
Stephen Conroy , Australian Minister for Broadband , Communications and the Digital Economy and Deputy Leader of the Government in the Senate .
This is a screenshot of his website today ( click for a larger version ) : Notice on the right hand sidebar a " tag cloud " with the most discussed topics on that site .
Now let 's look behind the scenes on the code used to create that " tag cloud " :
Oh , look ...
If the topic is " ISP Filtering " then the Hon .
Stephen Conroy does n't want you to know about it .
You can still click on any tag though , go to the search page and enter the term " ISP Filtering " to find the content you want , but obviously there should n't be any hint that such a topic exists .
Now you understand why I think we should n't have a national Internet filter in New Zealand .
You do n't know for sure if any future government would change the rules behind the scenes .
( By the way , I hope using the website as an example do n't put me on a " persona non grata " list in Australia ... )
Other related posts :
LOS ANGELES -- Los Angeles Dodgers owner Frank McCourt and his estranged wife squared off in court for the first time Monday in a bitter divorce case that featured the couple 's high - flying spending habits after the team was purchased in 2004 .
The court hearing , only a mile from Dodger Stadium , centered on whether Jamie McCourt should be awarded nearly $ 1 million a month in temporary spousal support .
Sorrell Trope , an attorney for Frank McCourt , offered her $ 150,000 in monthly assistance and argued his client can't tap credit lines to maintain Jamie McCourt 's lavish lifestyle despite Frank McCourt 's $ 5 million annual salary .
" If we look at this case , realistically , you can't order Mr. McCourt to borrow money to pay support , " Trope told Superior Court Commissioner Scott Gordon .
The details of the couple 's 30 - year marriage seemed more of a dream than a reality .
From private jets to stays at five - star resorts , the lawyers threw out a slew of dizzying figures that indicated the McCourts may have been spending beyond their means .
Most of their assets are tied up in real estate , including Dodger Stadium and the land around it .
" These people have lived their lives with borrowed money , " Trope said .
" They have to stop spending .
This is n't the federal government . "
While the couple is squabbling over money , the larger issue is whether the Dodgers are community property .
Jamie McCourt maintains she is the team 's co-owner , while her husband argues a marital agreement between the two gives him sole possession of the Dodgers .
Gordon ordered attorneys on both sides to make further arguments in court papers by April 12 , after which he 'll have 90 days to make a decision .
A hearing will be held Tuesday to determine a trial date on the validity of the marital agreement .
Jamie McCourt 's attorney , Dennis Wasser , said his client is entitled to the lifestyle she had during her marriage .
He also said she has to spend about $ 568,000 every month on mortgages and related expenses for six homes and one condominium -- more than half of what she is asking from her husband .
When asked if Jamie McCourt would accept her husband 's $ 150,000 offer , Wasser said outside of court that the figure would n't even cover the mortgage for one of the homes .
He added the mortgages had been paid through February , but his client is behind on her attorney fees by $ 800,000 .
Wasser estimated her legal bills could reach as high as $ 9 million .
Meanwhile , Frank McCourt continues to live in luxury despite claims the economic downturn has hurt his businesses .
Wasser said Frank McCourt attended the Super Bowl and recently spent as much as $ 80,000 on a Caribbean vacation .
" Mr. McCourt desires to continue the lifestyle while trying to erase Mrs. McCourt from the Dodgers , from the marital lifestyle , " Wasser said .
Jamie McCourt estimated she has about $ 4 million in savings and roughly $ 450,000 in cash that will quickly run out due to the monthly mortgage payments .
She believes she should n't have to " invade " her savings to pay for her living expenses .
She also cites a long list of other expenses she and her husband had during their marriage such as trips to Paris and Vietnam , country club memberships and dining at expensive restaurants .
She said she enjoys wearing designer clothing and has a hair stylist and makeup artist .
She has said in court documents that the couple 's worth is more than $ 1.2 billion .
Jamie McCourt was fired in October as the team 's CEO where she drew a $ 2 million salary .
Wasser said during the hearing that the couple enjoyed a lifestyle few could imagine .
" The marital style at the time , every need , every want these people had was met , " Wasser said .
During a deposition earlier this month , when asked if there was any amount of money he should give to support his wife , Frank McCourt then said no .
" Because I think she has ample resources to take care of herself , which I 'm -- I 'm very happy about that fact , " he said .
He was referring to the couple 's seven properties , which are worth an estimated $ 65 million and belong to her as outlined in the martial agreement .
His attorneys have argued that she could rent out the properties or sell them .
Trope said Jamie McCourt uses a house in Holmby Hills exclusively for swimming while another is used to store furniture .
Her attorneys countered that Frank McCourt has at least $ 18 million available .
They also hammered him during his deposition about his spending habits that they contend have n't decreased even though he has said he was hit hard by the recession .
Neither Jamie McCourt nor Frank McCourt testified , even though they were sworn in at the beginning of the hearing .
Frank McCourt sat with a stern look behind Trope while his wife sat next to her attorneys .
By Frank McCourt 's own admission , things began to spiral downward once the couple moved from Massachusetts to California .
" I think it was a very -- very comfortable , very nice and very family oriented and we had a lot of nice things , " Frank McCourt said in court documents .
" I think it became an out of -- out - of - control , unsustainable and very uncomfortable lifestyle . "
Jamie McCourt filed for divorce in October , citing irreconcilable differences .
The McCourts have been married since 1979 and have four grown sons .
She already lost her initial bid to be reinstated as the team 's chief executive .
But Gordon has n't decided whether the Dodgers are considered community or separate property .
If he rules the team is community property , Jamie McCourt could argue again that she should get her job back .
The amount of riches argued about during the hearing was n't lost on Trope , who said he almost needed to apologize for Frank McCourt 's $ 5 million salary .
He also called some of Jamie McCourt 's demands " obscene . "
" Where are we ? " Trope asked .
" This is like Alice in Wonderland , but you can't keep Alice in Wonderland going by borrowing on every single asset you have . "
The first talk I gave after arriving at Yahoo ! was entitled Maintainable JavaScript ( video ) .
As with most topics I write or speak about , I did n’t think it would be terribly controversial .
The basis of the talk is that hacking around on your own and writing code in an enterprise environment are two different things .
Web developers are truly unique in that none of us learned what we know in school ; we all began as hobbyists one way or another and taught ourselves most ( if not all ) of what we know .
Professionalization
The professionalization of web development has been a difficult journey because of our disparate beginnings .
Even those who end up at large companies such as Yahoo !
inevitably began on their own , hacking around .
Perhaps you were even “ the web guy ” at a small company and could do pretty much whatever you wanted .
When the large companies started tapping this previously undiscovered resource , it brought a lot of hackers into a corporate environment where they were met with constraints .
No longer a lone soldier in a small battle , all of these self - taught , self - directed individuals had to figure out how to work together as a team .
At the time that I gave the talk ( 2007 ) , web development was evolving into front - end engineering and people were having trouble with the transition .
Smart folks like Nate Koechley talked about the professionalization of front - end engineering ( video ) and how our discipline was evolving .
My talk was aimed at the same goal : helping front - end engineers adapt to JavaScript development in a team environment by making sure that their code was as maintainable as possible .
Why can’t I modify objects I do n’t own ?
I still gets email and comments about Maintainable JavaScript , and the most popular question is , “ why ca n’t I modify objects I do n’t own ? ” JavaScript is , of course , a dynamic language that allows you to add and remove objects and their members at any point in time .
For many , this is precisely why they enjoy the language : there are very few constraints imposed by the language .
And I was telling them not to do this .
Why ?
Dependability
The simple explanation is that an enterprise software product needs a consistent and dependable execution environment to be maintainable .
In other languages , you consider already - existing objects as libraries for you to use in order to complete your task .
In JavaScript , people saw already - existing objects as a playground in which you could do anything you wanted .
My point was that you should treat the already - existing JavaScript objects as you would a library of utilities .
Do n’t override methods , do n’t add new methods , do n’t remove existing methods .
When you ’re the only one working on a project , it ’s easy to get away with these types of modifications because you know them and expect them .
When working with a team on a large project , making changes like this cause mass confusion and a lot of lost time .
I still remember a bug that occurred while working on My Yahoo ! because someone had overridden YAHOO.util.Event.stopEvent( ) to do something else .
It took days to track this problem down because we all assumed that this method was doing exactly what it always did .
Once we discovered this , we also found other bugs because the same method was being used in other places with its original intended usage … but of course , it was n’t behaving in that way .
Unraveling this was an incredible mess and I ’d be very happy if no engineers ever had to go through a similar exercise .
Incompatible implementations
But developer confusion is n’t the only problem .
Another peril of modifying objects that you do n’t own is the possibility of naming collisions and incompatible implementations .
Take a lesson from the history of the Prototype JavaScript library .
John Resig wrote about this a while ago , so I ’ll just quickly summarize .
Prior to version 1.6 , Prototype implemented its own document.getElementsByClassName( ) method long before it was part of HTML5 and long before any browser thought about implementing it natively .
In addition , Prototype also added the each ( ) method to Array objects .
Thus , users of the Prototype library began writing code such as :
document.getElementsByClassName(" myclass " ).each ( doSomething ) ;
This was n’t a problem until the native document.getElementsByClassName( ) method was implemented .
While Prototype ’s version returned an instance of Array , the native implementation returns a NodeList object .
Since NodeList does n’t have an each ( ) method , either natively or added by Prototype , the above coding pattern caused a JavaScript error when executed in browsers that had a native implementation of document.getElementsByClassName( ) .
The end result is that users of Prototype had to upgrade both the library code and their own code ; what a maintenance nightmare .
What if everyone did it ?
Looking at a few isolated examples does n’t really represent the enormity of the maintenance problem when you modify objects that you should n’t .
To understand this point of view , it ’s helpful to take a step back and look at moral philosophy ( aka ethics ) .
Moral philosophy is all about determining if an action is moral .
There are many schools of thought on the topic , but I point towards a favorite modern philosopher , Immanuel Kant .
While I do n’t want to get too deeply into moral philosophy and open this up for philosophical debate , Kant was famous for trying to determine “ universal law ” as the basis for moral action .
In short , you can determine if an act is moral by asking , what would happen if everyone did it ?
For example , what if everyone cheated on a test ?
In that case , the test becomes useless , so this must not be a moral action .
Applying this same line of reasoning to the topic at hand , what if everyone on your team started modifying objects that they did n’t own ?
What if I went in and made modifications to document and so did everyone else on my team ?
What if everyone on the team created their own global variables ?
I hope that it ’s obvious just how detrimental these actions could be to a team development environment .
Simply put : if everyone on your team modified objects that they did n’t own , you ’d quickly run into naming collisions , incompatible implementations , and maintenance nightmares .
As a side note , I find Kant ’s question incredibly relevant to any system that must scale .
“ What if everyone did it ? ” can really save you some trouble when considered as part of a technical design .
Conclusion
Maintainable code is code that you do n’t need to modify when the browser changes .
You do n’t know how browser developers will evolve existing browsers and the rate at which those evolutions will take place .
The code you write needs to continue working in future browsers and with future versions of JavaScript libraries without modification , and you cannot ensure that when you ’re modifying objects that you did n’t create in the first place .
The only code you can be certain will remain the same is the code you write yourself .
I ca n’t state this strongly enough : your code is not maintainable when it requires modifications to objects you did n’t create .
Stepping down that path only leads to maintenance nightmares going forward .
P.S. If you ’re interested in learning more , check out my presentation on Scalable JavaScript Application Architecture ( video ) .
Fairmont Raffles and the Prince 's Kingdom Holding Company confirmed that the sale of the Raffles Hotel is under discussion , The Times reported , with Qatar Diar said to be evaluating the cost of an estimated $ 100 m refurbishment project .
A couple of years ago , when my partner moved to a new job , I moved with him , across the world to California .
Before this , apart from a couple of very brief work trips and a wedding , I 'd barely scraped the surface of North America , but somehow , the whole thing felt fine , easy , completely familiar .
I knew exactly what living in America involved .
Half - watching that repeat of Friends for the 4000th time while hungover had not been pointless .
It had been research .
All that US TV had helped me construct an Eye Spy Book of Things That Are Really Really American in my head – an amalgamation of years of US sitcoms , dramas and reality television had provided me with a checklist of things to do in order to look like a real local ( or a television local , at any rate ) .
Walking down the street carrying groceries in a paper bag
I happened to have moved to one of the few places in America that has a ban on giving out plastic bags , which allows me to feel like I 'm tapping into the rich tradition of Laverne and Shirley , and Seinfeld and ER and Hill Street Blues and all of those shows .
What I have learnt , however , is that the paper bags you get in supermarkets actually have handles , and that the reason you end up carrying them from the bottom is that the handles are completely rubbish .
Eating Chinese food from paper cartons with wire handles
I had a friend come to stay who had been living in Washington DC
She had n't yet had a Chinese takeaway because her first question whenever she phoned a place was whether they'd be delivering it in those little containers that overworked politicians in the West Wing ate out of ( then put in the fridge for the next morning ) – and no one did .
Luckily , on my coast , while our politicians are more Terminator than Toby West - Wing , we do have a lot of Cantonese food in proper cartons .
I still get excited when I open the fridge and see leftover noodles in those cartons .
( Although , a note : they do n't taste any different ) .
Comforting yourself by eating directly from cement - mixer sized ice - cream tubs
I had always presumed that the idea behind this heartbreak - soothing activity – as seen in Sex and the City and Friends and anything else involving women – was to eat the entire thing tub in one sitting .
I soon realised that that was n't the case – if it was , you would end up with immediate - onset obesity and / or super - diabetes - dairy - death – but that ice - cream containers are the size of buckets because otherwise they would get lost in the freezer .
Some of which are bigger than flats I 've lived in .
School hallways lined with lockers and generically stained linoleum
Every single school - based show coming out of the US appears to have been shot in the same school : My So - Called Life , Veronica Mars , Freaks & Geeks , The Wonder Years .
For so many schools to look so utterly identical would be impossible .
This idea , as I discovered doing some work in several different public schools , is not actually true .
All schools actually do look the same .
Which at least makes it easier to run down the corridors shouting , ' Save the cheerleader , save the world ! ' and not feel too odd doing it .
Though it will probably get you chucked out of your volunteer programme .
Policemen eating doughnuts
Or rather , donuts .
I think I actually cheered the first time I saw a squad car outside a coffee shop with a cop eating donuts leaning on the front .
It 's the kind of image ( from all manner of classic shows ) that seemed too clichéd to be true .
Hailing a yellow cab in the pouring rain
This is a surprisingly satisfying experience .
The fact that they rarely ever know where they 're going and do n't react terribly well to the phrase " follow that car ! " , however , is less enjoyable .
It is not however just the American tellyphile in me that is bowled over by such things – having been brought up in London watching Last of the Summer Wine and then moving to the north as a teenager , I remember being very pleased when a man wearing a flat cap and walking a whippet bid me " How do ? " .
There must surely be other television cliches that have been spotted in the wild .
Would you like to share your experiences ?
.
Another year , another first - round playoff exit for the New Jersey Devils .
The team could n’t find the drive tonight , and the Philadelphia Flyers were able to withstand the Devils pressure in the first period .
They even escaped with a lucky break , as Zach Parise sent the puck off the post with the Devils on the powerplay .
After that , they put the clamp on , with Claude Giroux scoring two goals to end any thoughts of a Devils comeback .
The Devils went down with a whimper , 3 - 0 , and bow out in the first round for the third consecutive year .
Key Moments :
1. Jamie Langebrunner Tripping Penalty – 1:29 of the first period
Daniel Carcillo gave the Devils an early opportunity , allowing the Devils to get the first man advantage of the game .
It opened the door to potentially give the Devils early momentum in this decisive game five .
Less than 45 seconds later , that opportunity would disappear .
Langenbrunner took a tripping penalty in the offensive zone , ending the Devils ’ powerplay .
The Flyers would use that penalty to their advantage only minutes later .
2. Daniel Briere ’s Powerplay Goal Gives Flyers 1 - 0 Lead – 3:16 of the first period
The Flyers took advantage of their first powerplay opportunity , lighting the lamp to take an early 1 - 0 lead .
With Langenbrunner in the box for tripping , Giroux held the puck in the Devils ’ zone .
He passed the puck to Briere in the left circle , but the puck skipped off Briere ’s skate and between Martin Brodeur ’s pads for Briere ’s second goal of the series .
3. Colin White ’s Double Minor – 4:15 of the second period
With the Devils down , 1 - 0 , the Flyers gave them the opportunity to tie the game with a penalty to David Laliberte at 3:46 of the period .
But , once again , the Devils took a penalty in the offensive zone to end the chance .
Colin
White , playing forward on the powerplay , took a whack at Brian Boucher after the goalie held the puck between his pads .
A scuffle ensued , with White and Ian Laperriere trading a few late jabs .
Both players went to the box , and the Devils continued to shoot themselves in the foot .
4. Parise ’s Shot Hits
Post – 5:10 of the second period
The Flyers ’ continued to hand the Devils ’ chances to get back into the game .
With the teams playing four - on - four hockey , Briere saved a goal with a nice stick check on Travis Zajac .
But the forward then took a holding penalty , giving the Devils 44 seconds of a 4 - on - 3 powerplay opportunity .
Parise worked himself down to the front of the net .
He found a loose puck and tried to stuff it by Boucher .
The puck passed the goalie , but tipped off the left post .
5. Giroux ’s Goal Extends Flyers Lead To Two – 1148 of the second period
Giroux had been playing a terrific series , and it continued in game five .
With the Devils pressuring the Flyers , Giroux gave his team some breathing room with his third goal of the playoffs .
Blair Betts took the initial shot , which Brodeur stopped .
The puck skittered to the corner , where it was sent in front .
Mike Richards , crashing the net , tipped the puck back to the slot .
Giroux one - timed the puck over Brodeur ’s glove and into the top corner for the goal .
6. Giroux ’s Powerplay Goal Extends Flyers Lead To Three – 13:51 of the second period
Giroux lit the lamp again , putting the nail in the coffin on the series with his second goal of the game .
With Dean McAmmond in the box for high - sticking , Briere let go a shot from the point .
Scott Hartnell , who was screening Brodeur , was hit with the shot on the crease .
The puck game to Giroux , who fired a low shot into the empty net for his fourth goal of the series .
That goal ended what little playoff life the Devils had left .
Oh No , Not Another Powerplay Chance
I ca n’t remember a time I hated to watch a team get a powerplay .
But , during this series , the Devils made me hate the whistle .
The Devils could n’t figure out their powerplay the entire series .
The Devils went 0 - for - 8 tonight , and they were never able to make the Flyers pay for their mistakes .
Overall , the Devils went 4 - for - 32 ( 12.5 % ) during the series .
That ’s plain unacceptable .
There were times when the Devils powerplay looked creative and effective .
But those times were few and far between .
The Devils powerplay was dull , unimaginative and lacked creativity .
They could n’t take advantage of the Flyers ’ aggressive penalty kill or the forwards that dove down to block shots .
As a result , they allowed the Flyers to escape with undisciplined hockey time and time again .
Get Me A Magnifying Glass , I Need To Find The Devils ’ Offense
Over the final six periods of this series , the Devils scored one – that ’s right , ONE – goal .
Except for game two , the Devils offense was non-existent .
The Devils averaged 1.80 goals per game this series .
That wo n’t win a series , and the results reflect that effort .
The Devils scorers were shut down , with Zajac and Parise only scoring one goal in the series .
Patrik Elias was held without a goal .
Give credit to the Flyers , who stymied the Devils offense throughout the series .
But the Devils offense , which looked so promising coming into the series , disappeared .
Even with the play of Brodeur , the team would n’t be able to last without pressuring Boucher .
Continue reading after the jump for the rest of the recap .
We Don’t Need No Stinkin’ Changes
That seemed like the motto throughout this series .
The Flyers adapted to the situation , making in - game changes and adapting their play to beat the Devils .
Jacques Lemaire did n’t seem to be so willing to adapt .
He routinely marched out the same struggling lines , did nothing to fix the power play , and made no in - game changes .
He seemed passive and disconnected the entire series .
When the Devils needed him most , it seemed Lemaire neglected his duties .
His inability to adapt might have cost him his job .
Will The Real Devils ’ Leaders Please Stand Up ?
Yesterday , I wrote that , without leadership , the Devils would n’t stand a chance against the Flyers tonight .
When they needed it most , the team ’s leaders failed .
Where was Langenbrunner this entire series ?
Who took the lead for the defense ?
Where were the assistant captains .
All of the leaders failed the Devils .
No one stepped up and took responsibility for the team ’s play .
Nobody got in anybody ’s face .
Without this leadership , the Devils were bound to fail .
And fail they did .
Things I Liked :
Nothing .
The Devils could n’t come through on one thing they talked about the past two days .
They did n’t pressure Boucher .
They did n’t shut down Philadelphia defensively .
They were n’t disciplined .
They did n’t produce on the powerplay .
You know what they did manage to do ?
A whole lot of nothing .
Things That Annoyed Me :
1. Taking Penalties In The Offensive Zone
Both Langenbrunner and White took penalties in the offensive zone to end powerplay chances .
Granted , the Devils ’ powerplay was n’t looking incredible to begin with .
But both players ended the team ’s chances of taking advantage of the opportunity .
Bad penalties , and it seemed to happen throughout the series .
2. No Change In The Gameplan
Lemaire truly lived by the motto “ If at first you do n’t succeed , try again . ”
The Devils gameplan failed time and time again , yet Lemaire kept trying to work the same system .
He kept juggling lines , the players had no offensive creativity , and we watched the same boring powerplay .
Sometimes you need to tweak the system , and there was none of that throughout the series .
Stat Pack :
With the loss , the Devils fall to 3 - 7 in playoff games at the Rock .
This is the third consecutive year the Devils have been eliminated in the first round of the playoffs .
The Devils are 3 - 14 all - time when losing game three of a series .
There 's life in the old billionaire yet .
The world 's third - richest man , Warren Buffett , has shown the world a whole new side of himself by donning a purple bandana , an Axl Rose wig and fake tattoos to belt out a rock ballad for staff at his US insurance company , Geico .
In a promotional video rapidly going viral on the internet , the 79 - year - old tycoon , nicknamed the " sage of Omaha " for his legendary stockpicking prowess , joins employees in a somewhat cheesy number called " All for you " ‚ which trumpets the importance of customer service .
Buffett 's husky midwestern tones cut in at about the two - minute mark and perhaps we should charitably advise him not to give up the day job .
A commentator at Toronto's Globe and Mail compared his singing prowess to " a drunken Neil Young " .
Irrespective of his musical merits , you 've got to admire the leather - clad Buffett for being game .
It 's hard to imagine his younger rivals on the global rich list , Carlos Slim or Bill Gates , rocking out in quite the same way .
Geico , which has been fully owned by Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway investment empire since 1996 , has been a major moneyspinner for Buffett , who built his early fortune on insurance .
In his annual letter to shareholders this year , Buffett boasted that the business had made an underwriting profit for 13 of the 14 years under his ownership .
" I became excited about Geico in January 1951 , when I first visited the company as a 20 - year - old , " wrote Buffett .
" I 'm even more excited today . "
Studying animal behavior used to mean traveling into the wild and making detailed notes about gorillas .
Now , biologist - coders are figuring out how to use computer vision techniques to convert the myriad motions of creatures large and small into crunchable data .
Researchers are figuring out how track the movements of insects such as Drosophila , the fruit fly , in order to answer the question :
How do we define behavior ?
" A fundamental problem that we have n't done that much work on in biology is quantifying behavior , " said Kristin Branson , a fellow at Howard Hughes Medical Institute 's Janelia Farm Research Campus .
" We have a much better handle on the very low - level things , molecular , genetic , and neural than we do at the global , large - scale level of behavior . "
We know what behavior is :
It 's what animals do .
But quantifying it is n't easy , even for tiny creatures with equally tiny brains .
Big data came to branches of science like particle physics many years ago , but some realms of biology have remained resistant to the computational techniques that mark so many other disciplines .
The data for a lot of behavioral biology remains simple human observations – or results from ingenious Rube Goldbergian experimental apparatus .
Either way , it 's hard to do what Branson calls high - throughput behavioral experiments .
So , while researchers mapped the fruit fly 's genome in 2000 and know its genetics better than almost any other creature , the relationship between its genes , its brain , and its behavior is still hard to understand .
At Janelia , Branson 's lab head , Gerry Rubin , is mapping out the circuits in the fruit fly brain .
His team has created thousands of transgenic flies that allow them to test the individual circuits .
But while we know what we 've done , it 's hard to tell what it makes the the flies do .
Let 's say some genetic change is made to the fruit flies and they chase one another around 20 percent more often than an unaltered specimen .
If you 're the fly , that 's an important change , but how could a human researcher ever detect that 20 percent ?
It 's not like counting how many times a monkey mother nurses .
" How do we say in a quantitative way how the behavior has changed ? " Branson said .
" You would n't notice that if you were just watching . "
To solve that problem , Branson and collaborators in Michael Dickinson 's lab at Caltech , where she was a postdoc , built the Caltech Multiple Fly Tracker .
It 's a piece of software that converts infrared video of up to 50 flies inside a special arena into movement data .
The flies become small triangles in space and their behavior is plotted and recorded .
Another Dickinson lab postdoc , Andrew Straw , has even designed a 10 - camera system he calls Flydra to track free moving , flying insects .
Some of what they 've found is odd and unexpected .
After recording male and female flies at Caltech , they mined the data for interesting differences between them .
" And if you looked at how often the fly turned , you could tell the gender of the fly with better than 90 percent accuracy , " Branson said .
It 's unclear why such a behavioral difference exists , but it does , and likely always has , hidden within the masses of data that our eyes receive when we watch a bunch of flies moving around .
All sorts of other behaviors emerge from the data , if you just watch for long enough .
" Fruit flies may not be as interesting as gorillas on the surface to humans .
They just seem like little gnat sized things , " said Serge Belongie , a computer vision specialist at the University of California San Diego , who was Branson 's Ph.D. advisor .
" But you run this tracker long enough and there is some pretty interesting courtship competitiveness behavior .
It 's basically reality TV for fruit flies with some interesting stuff happening . "
" We 're finding subtle differences between individual flies now , " Branson agreed .
" If you 're being not very technical about things , you can say that these flies have different personalities .
In biology we try not to do it , but it 's a fun way to think of it . "
While computer vision is more familiar to people as the technology behind Optical Character Recognition or social media applications , it may work better with animal tracking than it does in some other settings .
That 's because researchers can design experiments that make acquiring clean data easier .
By designing the algorithms and the image acquisition apparatus together , it makes the most difficult computer vision problems disappear .
" If you think about people - tracking , you can solve it at the 80 percent solved level because you do n't have complete control of your environment , " Branson said .
" I want things to work at 99 or 100 percent .
I feel like we can really solve the problem well enough that people will use these programs , and it will be a very clean solution . "
While Branson 's work qualifies as basic science , computer vision insect monitoring could have more immediate implications .
Take beekeeping , which has been plagued by colony collapse disorder .
Intel researcher Lily Mummert , a backyard apiarist , built a tracking tool that could identify bees coming and going from her own hive .
Counting the number of bees coming into and out of it , and perhaps some other data , could yield important insights about the life and times of a beehive , she said .
Ideally , all the equipment could be miniaturized and stuck into a little unit that would beam data up .
" I 'd like to see a little unit , a camera , full - on board processor , and a little wireless transmitter so you could just mule off the count , " Mummert said .
" That thing could be a really versatile platform for all kinds of environmental monitoring .
You could apply it to bees , you could apply it to anything . "
All kinds of insect - and animal - monitoring experts got together for a workshop in late 2008 , and they plan to do it again this year in Istanbul during the International Conference on Pattern Recognition .
With video cameras and computational ability getting cheaper and better , quantifying animal behavior will undoubtedly improve .
It 's possible that before too long , there will be a new encyclopedia of knowledge on the biology block : the behaviorome .
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Tumblr , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .**
Seldom has a single debate had such an impact on a political campaign .
A week ago , jaded observers were wondering whether David Cameron ’s Conservatives could hold on to the lead over Gordon Brown ’s Labour Party that they had enjoyed for more than two years , and the Liberal Democrats seemed doomed to their traditional also - ran status .
In the wake of Liberal Democratic leader Nick Clegg ’s strong performance in the first of three face - to - face encounters , though , the Liberal Democrats have surged into contention , vaulting ahead of Labour in several surveys and ahead of the Conservatives in at least one .
Underlying this development are deep reservations about the two major parties .
While Gordon Brown gets grudging credit for a kind of stolid persistence , the fact remains that he was chancellor of the exchequer for a decade before succeeding Tony Blair as prime minister , so he can hardly evade responsibility for Britain ’s acute fiscal crisis .
As for the Tories , the electorate wonders whether David Cameron ’s effort to reinvent his party as greener and more compassionate goes more than skin - deep .
The Liberal Democrats ’ gains reflect a desire — especially among younger voters — for something new and different … even if the third party ’s platform offers an inadequate response to the structural problems Britain faces .
Whatever its cause , the Liberal Democrats ’ surge does not mean that they have a serious chance of emerging with the most seats — let alone a majority — in the next parliament .
Largely because of the way their votes are distributed among the electoral districts , the Liberal Democrats are almost certain to receive a much smaller percentage of seats than their share of the popular vote — which helps explain why they favor dramatic changes in the voting system .
All other things equal , they could receive 30 percent of the popular vote and end up with fewer than 100 seats — less than 15 percent of the 650 seat total .
The oddities of this election do not end there .
Labour ’s votes are distributed far more efficiently than are those of the Conservatives .
In 2005 , Labour ’s 35.2 percent of the vote brought them 356 seats , versus 198 seats for the Conservatives ( 32.4 percent ) and only 62 for the Liberal Democrats ( 22.1 percent ) .
Based on an algorithm found at ukpollingreport.co.uk , I was able to calculate that while Labour could retain a narrow majority this year with about only 34.5 percent of the popular vote , the Conservatives would need about 39.5 to win an outright majority , and the Liberal Democrats would need an implausible 41.3 percent .
Otherwise put , Conservatives need to increase their share of the popular vote by about 7 percent points over last time to take over — not out of the question , but well above their showing in recent surveys .
What does all this mean ?
Well , there ’s a good chance that the 2010 election will result in a “ hung ” parliament , in which neither Labour nor the Conservatives enjoys an outright majority .
This would leave the Liberal Democrats as the kingmaker , and their price for entering a coalition government would include a major modification of the first - past - the - post system that has disadvantaged them for decades .
This would change the dynamic of U.K. politics in ways that are hard to calculate but sure to be consequential .
This $ 27 Place Setting Placemat shows you where to set all the flatware and glasses when you 're making a fancy dinner , so your guests are impressed with how highfalutin you are except for the blueprint placemats and microwavable lasagna .
Also , I do n't know about you , but I do n't even own silverware .
Or plates and bowls .
The fanciest dinner I 've ever had was wrapped in a paper towel and eaten over the sink .
YES WITH TOP HAT AND MONOCLE .
Jesus , I 'm not a heathen .
Product Site
via
Product SitePlace Setting Placemats Save You The Embarrassment Of Misplacing The Salad Fork [ ohgizmo ]
Comic book reviews , previews , and anything else a comic nerd would want !
Cap And Trade Legislation – A License To Print Money ( For Governments )
Since the abject failure of the UNFCCC Climate Change Conference in Copenhagen , Governments who were desperately seeking to introduce Carbon Cap and Trade Legislation have gone very … very … quiet on the matter .
Do n’t be deceived however that they have abandoned the possibility of bringing it back .
The old adage applies here .
Never come between a politician and a bucket of money .
In this case , the bucket is absolutely huge , and has no bottom , so , no matter how much money is poured into that bucket , it will never even approach full , and more money will keep pouring into it , no matter how long the bucket exists .
Keep in mind also , that once introduced , it will become so attractive that there is every possibility that it will never be repealed .
What also needs to be realised is that it will have absolutely no effect whatsoever on the emissions of Carbon Dioxide ( CO2 ) and therein lies the beauty of this vast new tax .
Governments can impose it , collect all the money , and effectively blame the emitters , thus seeming ( as a Government ) pure as the driven snow themselves , and also seeming to be seen as actually doing something about it . …
Today , a Senator for The Greens in Australia ( Senator Christine Milne - Tasmania ) where the Legislation has already stalled twice , has proposed that the debate be reintroduced into the House for discussion with a view to passing as early as July 1st .
For you readers in the U.S. this may concentrate on the situation in Australia , but the same applies for the U.S. only on a much larger scale .
This is the link to Senator Milne ’s Press Release where she states that a cost should be placed directly on every ton of CO2 that is emitted , and that the cost should be $ 20 per tonne in 2005 dollars indexed to increase by the amount of the rise in the CPI ( Consumer Price Index ) PLUS and extra 4 % each and every year .
What this idiot the good Senator fails comprehensively to comprehend is that the imposition of this vast new tax will do absolutely zero to lower those emissions from what is the largest of those emitters , those coal fired power plants .
She just mindlessly thinks that because those plants will seek to lower the amount that they have to pay , then they will just burn less coal , thus emitting less CO2 .
Her view is the same as for every politician out there who proposes this iniquitous new levy on their constituents way of life .
They are blinded by the money in the main , and think that are actually doing something , but what they fail at most abjectly is to even check the simple facts .
So then , rather than grumble about what has been said , let ’s then actually check those facts , and to do that , you need to be aware of how electrical power is produced by a large coal fired power plant .
Crushed coal is fed into a critical furnace .
The immense heat generated then boils water to high pressure steam .
The steam then drives a large multi stage turbine .
The turbine then drives a huge generator via a large gearbox , and as simple as that word ‘ gearbox ’ sounds , it is in fact a complex Constant Speed Drive .
( CSD )
This is because the generator needs to be kept rotating at that one constant speed .
Why is this important you might say ?
Because the power being generated is produced at a constant frequency .
That frequency here in Australia is 50 Hz .
In the U.S. that frequency is 60 Hz , hence in the U.S. the generator must rotate even faster .
That frequency is the same as for the AC power supplied to your house , and that frequency is an absolute .
It must be kept at that speed , no ifs , buts , or maybes .
So , the huge generator revolves to keep that frequency at a stable 50 Hz or 50 Cycles per second , ( 60 in the U.S. )
That 50 rotations per second equates to 3000 RPM , or 3600 RPM in the U.S .
Sounds pretty simple .
The turbine drives the generator through a gearbox at 50 times a second .
The generator in a large plant can weigh anything from 250 to 400 tons , and read that again ….. TONS .
So now , a huge multi stage turbine drives a CSD and then the generator .
All that now increased weight has to be kept rotating at that speed .
Snap your fingers … 50 rotations … snap your finger … 50 rotations .
now speed it up so each snap is of one second duration .
All of that around 400 tons minimum when you add the weight of the Turbines and the CSD .
So , huge amounts of very high pressure steam are required .
To achieve this , coal must be kept pouring into the furnace .
Vast quantities of coal in fact .
A typical large coal fired power plant will burn 7 Million tons of coal each year , yes , around 19,000 tons a day on average .
Each ton of coal burned produces 2.86 tons of CO2 , and I know how hard that is to believe , but that is basic high school Science , nothing deep and meaningful here , and here is a link that explains that .
So now you can see that an average large plant will emit 20 Million tons of CO2 each year .
Now perhaps you can get some inkling of just how big that pot of money will be .
In Australia , we emit , ( and this is just from coal fired power alone , both here in Australia , and for in the U.S. ) 260 million tons of CO2 , while in the U.S. that figure is 2.7 Billion tons of CO2 .
Even more is emitted to produce electrical power when other forms of electrical power generation are taken into account .
So then , back to just the one large coal fired plant which , burning the 7 million tons of coal , emits 20 million tons of CO2 each year .
That frequency absolutely has to remain at 50 Hz ( U.S.60 Hz )
The exact amount of coal that is needed to keep all that happening is calculated exactly .
Why exactly ?
That coal needs to be purchased .
Steaming coal comes in at around $ 50 to $ 100 per ton , depending on current costings .
More often than not , large coal fired plants are built near coal mines so that transportation costs do not add even further to that cost .
S , you can see , the cost of the fuel , the coal itself , is quite considerable .
So , bean counters at the plant know exactly how much coal needs to be burned to keep that immense weight rotating and producing that huge amount of power at the required frequency .
More is superfluous and less is critical , because the plant will just stop .
See the point ?
Enter Cap and Trade or its evil twin brother , an absolute cost on the total being emitted .
With Cap and Trade , the Plant will need to buy the emissions permits , hey , very conveniently from the Government at the start .
To get the most they will calculate the upper limit of the plant ’s current emissions .
In the U.S. then Senator Obama , prior to his election to the Top Job , stated that he could n’t care less where they went after his starting price of $ 50 per ton , saying it was neither here nor there to him if they went as high as $ 500 .
It does not need me to tell you that where they have been introduced in Europe , they have shrunk to one quarter and less than their start price , but then that does n’t worry politicians because they have got their amount at the start price anyway .
Companies then trade these permits on an exchange similar to the Stocks and Bonds market .
Those with ( Government approved ) green credentials have their permits ( for sale ) calculated by the Government , at their starting price , and emitters with their existing permits now only worth one quarter have to buy those new permits at the upper price set by the Government and then watch as the bottom falls out of them as son as they purchase them .
They have already paid the Government at the start price , so the Government has already got their money .
The emitters now have to pass all those costs , at the outset , and then as they purchase new permits , straight down to the consumer , so , everybody who consumes electricity now has to pay an increased price for the electricity that they use , and trust me , that extra charge wo n’t be small , and some estimates have it as a 60 % increase on your current power bill .
Here ’s where the Government continues to gouge those power plants .
Each year they say they will lower the Cap for emissions from your power plant , and you will ( a ) need to buy more permits from the Government or their green credentialled businesses , or ( b ) just pay the Government the extra .
Now , before you go any further , go back and read how the plant produces its electrical power .
The coal they burn is calculated to the minimum required to keep the plant turning , so they need to keep the plant rotating all the time at the required speed , so they just cannot lower that amount of coal being burned , or the CO2 being emitted .
With the CO2 emissions Cap now lowered , the only thing they can do is pay the extra .
And each year , the cap gets lowered even further .
The only way there might be a reduction in CO2 emissions is when the bean counters calculate that the added cost is too much , and the plant will just shut down completely , and that is already beginning to happen , as smaller coal fired plants get in early , shut down completely , and remove that level of power from the grids .
Man !
Who would have thought .
A license to just print money .
Those Governments just ca n’t lose .
The extra cost gets passed straight down to the consumers , and the Government is pure as the driven snow because it ’s those filthy dirty disgusting emitters of that foul CO2 who are raising the price as they just blindly destroy the Environment .
( Sarc off now )
They just cannot lose as a Government .
See how clever it all is ?
The evil twin brother , that of an outright charge for each ton , is even more despicable .
Even at what we are told is a reasonable $ 20 per ton , that is a guaranteed income for Governments every year no matter what .
They just charge for each ton that is emitted , and as I explained , it ’s a captive market .
They just have to pay , and then pass that cost down to you the consumer .
In both cases , that cost passed down to you is not just on your personal residential account for electrical power .
The Residential sector consumes 38 % of electricity , the Commerce sector 37 % , and the Industrial sector 24 % , so those costs incurred in those other two sectors will also be passed directly to consumers .
In the U.S. consider this then .
Each year , just to produce the electrical power you all use at every stage of your daily life , an amount of nearly 3.2 Billion tons of CO2 is being emitted , so the amount of money that will bring any Government there that introduces this Legislation will raise immense amounts of money , be it Cap and Trade , or an outright charge on each ton of CO2 being emitted , that amount continuing for every year from then on , after their Legislation passes .
So , those Governments win , and you , well you just pay , and pay , and pay without end .
So , when a politician says that something like this is desperately needed to lower CO2 emissions , be very aware that ( a ) that politician is just flat out lying , or ( b ) that politician has n’t even bothered to find out the facts behind the matter .
In Australia , the good Senator is from the Party who call themselves The Greens .
That green is obviously the colour of the money they hope to gouge from this .
Oh !
And Senator Milne ,
It ’s Carbon Dioxide not Carbon .
Also , at the bottom of your press release , you mention Base Load Solar Power plants .
Are you insane ?
Surely even you must know that Concentrating Solar plants use Natural Gas fired turbines to drive the generators when the Sun can no longer keep the compound molten to boil the water to steam to drive the turbine , and that those still relatively small plants at around 150MW will still be emitting close on 1200 tons of CO2 each and every ( bright sunny ) day , as carefully explained at this post .
Forget the initial cost of ( minimum ) $ 1 Billion for a plant this size , that it will take 7 to 10 years to construct , and then only have a life span of 20 years at best .
I ’ll bet the CO2 being emitted from these plants is an entirely unintended consequence .
You must have practiced very hard to keep that straight face .
This has nothing whatsoever to do with the environment .
As I have said all along , it ’s just about money .
ITHACA , N.Y . —
All weekend , Cornell University ’s residential advisers knocked on dorm rooms to inquire how students were coping .
On Monday and Tuesday , the start of a stressful exam week before spring break , professors interrupted classes to tell students they cared for them not just academically , but personally .
Both days , the university president , Dr. David J. Skorton , took out a full - page ad in the campus paper , The Cornell Daily Sun , saying : “ Your well - being is the foundation on which your success is built .
If you learn anything at Cornell , please learn to ask for help . ”
The university is on high alert about the mental health of its students after the apparent suicides of three of them in less than a month in the deep gorges rending the campus .
The deaths , two on successive days last week , have cast a pall over the university and revived talk of Cornell ’s reputation — unsupported , say officials — as a high - stress “ suicide school . ”
“ I think everybody ’s kind of shaken .
I know I am , ” said Nicole Wagner , a 19 - year - old freshman from Newport Beach , Calif .
“ I wanted to go home . ”
These Paypal documents from the JooJoo / Techcrunch lawsuit show that only 90 preorders for the $ 500 device , roughly $ 44 k worth , were made .
This is what happens when you launch a tablet the same month as Apple , at the same price .
And 15 of those turned into cancellations ( which were hard to do , we hear . )
That does n't seem like it 's enough money to cover legal fees or kick production into high gear .
I 'm going to reiterate our stance :
It seems like a great device , but you should wait for things to shake out before putting down more money .
And remember , this costs as much as an iPad .
See Also :
Barn Owls at Ardgrain
Ardgrain is home to a colony of Barn Owls , which live at the adjacent barns and nearby farms .
A dedicated Barn Owl box has been fitted high up in the tall Dutch barn , on - site at Ardgrain , providing the Barn Owls with a permanent home .
Our resident Barn Owls at Ardgrain often trip the outside security lights in the evenings , alerting us to their presence as they head out hunting once twilight falls .
If we have our bedroom window open at night we hear their distinctive banshee calls as they search for mice , voles and other small mammals in the fields , and we regularly see three Barn Owls together heading out towards Ellon , hunting at dusk .
We have a webcam at Ardgrain which looks out onto the same grounds used by the Barn Owls for hunting .
The camera works well in twilight conditions , so we capture events even after dusk .
Being very elusive and shy creatures , we cannot guarantee you will see a Barn Owl at dusk , but if you want to take a look at Barn Owl hunting grounds , take a look at our Ellon webcam which looks out onto the rolling Scottish countryside at Aberdeenshire .
The best time to see our Barn Owls is late into the evening as light begins to fall .
Ellon Webcam
Barn
Owls are sometimes called Ghost Owls because of their white undersides , which flash up suddenly as the owl takes to the wing .
Imagine how scary a Barn Owl can be if it should fly up in front while giving its distinctive scream ( see below ) , hence its other name the Screech Owl .
Other common names for Barn Owls used elsewhere in the world are the Church Owl , Golden Owl , Rat Owl and Stone Owl .
Barn Owl at Ardgrain
The below link is to a barn owl recording , with its unmistakable eerie scream - not for the faint hearted ...
Barn Owl Call ( 57 k file .wav )
Adult Barn Owl ( Library Photograph )
Barn
Owls are gentle creatures which help to control the rodent population , and are considered a farmers friend .
An adult Barn Owl will capture up to seven rodents in a single evening .
For their weight , Barn Owls consume more rodents than any other animal ; with a young family , a pair of nesting Barn Owls can eat over one thousand rodents a year .
Adult Barn Owl ( Photograph by Steve Brace )
The adjacent farms to Nether Ardgrain , at Upper Ardgrain and North Ardgrain each have Barn Owl roosting boxes to support the thriving local population .
In 2007 there were 6 eggs and 5 eggs laid by Barn Owls in these two roosting sites .
Of these 5 and 4 eggs hatched in each , and all the chicks are doing well .
Barn Owl box at Ardgrain
Telltale markers of Barn Owl activity can be regularly seen at Ardgrain .
Owl pellets , full of rodent bones litter the barn floors , and the distinctive white droppings on high beams again confirm their presence .
Telltale markers on Ardgrain barn joists
Barn Owl pellets at Ardgrain
Today the Barn Owls throughout Scotland are in decline - they roost in the same places throughout their lives , and very often these habitats are removed , which displaces the Barn Owls .
Without a habitat , the Barn Owl lines slowly die out .
Barn
Owls often have a few select sites as roosts , and move between these during the year depending on the seasons and the available food .
The Barn Owls at Ardgrain sometimes disappear for a few weeks at a time , as they move between nearby roosts and hunting grounds .
Barn Owl Chicks ( Library Photograph )
In the UK , there are estimated to be only 4400 breeding pairs of Barn Owls remaining .
This makes it particularly rare to have such a well established colony of Barn Owls spread between three sites , especially when Barn Owl roosting sites are in decline throughout Scotland .
For example , only five breeding pairs remain in the countryside surrounding Edinburgh .
Outdated farming practices , the removal of hunting and roosting habitats , and possibly even the building of windfarms in environmentally sensitive areas have all had a negative impact on Barn Owl numbers in the UK over the years .
Government efforts and initiatives are starting to reverse the trend .
Barn Owl Flying ( Library Photograph )
Barn
Owl numbers have stabilised in the UK and are hoped to increase slowly over the next decade .
But for the Barn Owls at Ardgrain , the future is not looking so promising .
A recent planning application at Ardgrain to convert three steadings into a residential house necessitates the removal of the Dutch barn , and with it the Barn Owl roosting box .
No provision has been made to re-home the Barn owls at Ardgrain , and the entire Ardgrain colony is seriously under threat .
The laws sadly did n't go far enough to protect the Ardgrain Barn Owl population , and Barn Owls in the UK will continue to struggle if sensitive habitats are allowed to be converted and developed .
You can find out information on the planning application which will remove the Barn Owl habitat at Ardgrain on our historic planning pages and if you have any comments or questions , feel free to get in touch via our contact page .
Other websites with Barn Owl information can also be found below :
www.bto.org/survey/bomp/index.htm
www.scbop.org.uk
www.bbc.co.uk/wales/nature/sites/wildlife/pages/barn_owls.shtml
www.barnowltrust.org.uk
www.barnowl.co.uk
www.rspb.org.uk/wildlife/birdguide/name/b/barnowl/index.asp
http://download.edinburgh.gov.uk/biodiversity/054_Barn_Owl.pdf
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barn_Owl
www.essexwt.org.uk/leaflets/owls.htm
Went to the Space Program for the 21st Century Conference and met Obama ( Lots - o - Pics )
So we get there around 10:30 or so , and the conference thingy started at 11:45 .
we parked and went to the sign in place , which was n't even set up yet .
Well , sitting there on a chair was none other than Neal **** ING Tyson .
You may recognize him from TV shows on the Science and Discovery Channel .
I said hi , talked for a bit , and got a picture .
That was pretty **** ing cool .
Eventually they set up the registration and we get to go in .
There were lots of people from the space industry , lots of professors and physicists , a few college students like myself , and a Soyuz capsule :
After getting my name tag and agenda I notice someone ... familiar .
Could it be ?!?!
YES !
BILL **** ING NYE .
OH ****!
Got me a picture , but the guy who took it was apparently a shaky ****:
So I talk to Bill about the project I 'm working on and what he has been up to recently , and them move on and mingle with alot of former astronauts and whatnot .
Then they tell us to pile on the bus , and of course both Bill and Neal are on mine , so i get to talk to them a bit more and hear what they think about the space program and stuff .
Then Michael Leinbach , the launch director of the shuttle program , got on the bus and gave us an overview of the days activities .
Then we take a ride to the old Apollo capsule assembly building , where we get our names called .
Neil Tyson grew bored .
Now we are at the building where Obama is to give his speech .
We go through security and I find a place to sit .
This is the seating area and media folk .
I was in the second row .
They had a mock - up of an Orion capsule on the side :
Secret Service guy secretly serving :
More media show up :
Continued ....
So , I work on an amateur satellite project through the Florida Space Grant and the University of Central Florida .
On Tuesday I got an email from the director asking if I could attend the American Space Program for the 21st Century conference and see the president speak and whatnot .
I gladly accepted , and today I went with a guy I work with .
You guys have probably heard all about it on the news , and maybe even watched it live .
This is what happened :
So we get there around 10:30 or so , and the conference thingy started at 11:45 .
we parked and went to the sign in place , which was n't even set up yet .
Well , sitting there on a chair was none other than Neal **** ING Tyson .
You may recognize him from TV shows on the Science and Discovery Channel .
I said hi , talked for a bit , and got a picture .
That was pretty **** ing cool .
Eventually they set up the registration and we get to go in .
There were lots of people from the space industry , lots of professors and physicists , a few college students like myself , and a Soyuz capsule :
After getting my name tag and agenda I notice someone ... familiar .
Could it be ?!?!
YES !
BILLNYE.OH ****!
Got me a picture , but the guy who took it was apparently a shaky ****: So I talk to Bill about the project I 'm working on and what he has been up to recently , and them move on and mingle with alot of former astronauts and whatnot .
Then they tell us to pile on the bus , and of course both Bill and Neal are on mine , so i get to talk to them a bit more and hear what they think about the space program and stuff .
Then Michael Leinbach , the launch director of the shuttle program , got on the bus and gave us an overview of the days activities .
Then we take a ride to the old Apollo capsule assembly building , where we get our names called .
Neil Tyson grew bored .
Now we are at the building where Obama is to give his speech .
We go through security and I find a place to sit .
This is the seating area and media folk .
I was in the second row .
They had a mock - up of an Orion capsule on the side : Secret Service guy secretly serving :
More media show up : Continued ....
Last edited by Legumeofterror : 04-15-2010 at 10:44 PM
.
Benedict 's personal secretary , Monsignor Georg Gaenswein , spoke out Tuesday for the first time since the scandal broke , defending the pope 's prolonged silence on the German cases and charging that Benedict had done more than anyone else to crack down on abuse .
On Monday during a trip to Chile , the Vatican 's No. 2 official , Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone , said he believed the pope would take further initiatives " which wo n't fail to surprise us . "
He declined to elaborate .
Lombardi said new initiatives were being studied , including more papal meetings with victims as well as a " deepening of the measures of prevention and response " to abuse .
He declined to elaborate .
But victims groups have long complained that the Vatican has never issued any universal norms instructing bishops on the pastoral care they should provide for victims or prevention strategies to make sure pedophiles are n't admitted into the priesthood in the first place .
Initially , the Vatican responded defensively , with Vatican officials and cardinals accusing the media , the Masons , pro-abortion rights and pro-gay marriage supporters for plotting attacks against the pope .
Recently , the Vatican has shifted course , still complaining about an anti-Catholic campaign but also promising more transparency and taking initiatives to at least give an impression that change is afoot .
The Vatican has been reeling for weeks since reports surfaced that Benedict -- when known as Joseph Ratzinger and served as archbishop in Munich from 1977 - 82 -- approved therapy for a pedophile priest who was allowed to do pastoral work .
The priest was later convicted of molesting boys .
Since then , hundreds of people have come forward with abuse accusations in Germany and elsewhere in Europe , and old cases with connections to Rome and the pope himself have come to light in the United States .
Before previous foreign trips , Lombardi has declined to confirm meetings with abuse victims until after they were held .
Vatican spokesman the Rev. Federico Lombardi declined Tuesday to confirm whether Benedict would meet with victims , but did n't rule it out .
The pope is prepared to meet with victims , Lombardi said , but " in a climate of meditation and reflection , not under media pressures . "
The revved - up strategy comes as the Vatican tries to stem the damage from weeks of revelations about priests who raped and molested children -- and the church officials who kept it quiet -- before the pontiff 's visit to Malta this weekend .
Abuse victims on that majority Roman Catholic Mediterranean island are seeking a papal audience and apology .
VATICAN CITY — The Vatican has gone into full - fledged damage control mode in the priest sex abuse scandal ahead of Pope Benedict XVI 's first foreign trip since it erupted .
Officials are promising surprising new initiatives .
The pope 's personal secretary is speaking out .
And bishops around the world are being told to report abuse cases to the police .
" It does not make sense , nor is it helpful , for the Holy Father to comment personally on each case , " he told the daily Bild , Germany 's highest - circulation newspaper .
" It is overlooked too fast that various bishops and bishops conferences carry responsibility . "
The Vatican for weeks has been trying to argue the same -- that abusive priests were primarily the responsibility of bishops , not Rome .
That strategy has also been employed by the Vatican 's lawyers in the U.S. who are trying to shield the Holy See from lawsuits alleging it was liable for the failure of bishops to report abuse cases to police .
On Monday , the Vatican posted on its Web site what it claimed is a long - standing policy telling bishops to report abuse to police , where civil laws require it .
Such a policy has never before been explicitly spelled out .
Attorney William McMurry , who has sued the Holy See in Louisville , Kentucky , on negligence charges , said posting the policy was nothing more than an attempt by Rome to " deflect attention and responsibility for the past onto the bishops . "
" If they always wanted bishops to report , they would n't need a black letter policy today , " McMurry said .
He has argued that Vatican documents calling for sexual abuse cases to be kept secret and forwarded to Rome were evidence that the Holy See had mandated a cover - up of abuse .
Vatican attorney Jeffrey Lena has said the documents mandated said no such thing and that nothing in them precluded reporting abuse to police .
The posting of the policy nevertheless indicated a strong shift in the Vatican 's much - criticized communications strategy .
Alongside the policy , which spells out how canonical investigations are conducted , the Vatican has posted key documents and speeches the pontiff has delivered concerning abuse .
It has made top officials available to the media .
And it has turned to its U.S. lawyer -- Lena -- to do a lot of its talking .
While it's not clear what prompted the shift in tactics , the Vatican has been keeping a close eye on how the scandal is playing out in the United States and elsewhere , and seems increasingly attuned to the impression it has oftentimes created as an aloof institution that does n't understand the outrage of victims and their families .
Giovanni Maria Vian , the editor in chief of the Vatican 's newspaper , L'Osservatore Romano , conceded that there had been communications problems in the initial phases of the scandal , and that some comments by Vatican officials seemingly minimizing the scandal or attempting to deflect it had n't been " prudent . "
But he noted : " Let 's be clear .
Everyone has communications problems . "
" One could do better .
Sure one could do better .
We 're trying to do it every day , " Vian told reporters at the foreign press association .
The pope , officials say , has remained tranquil despite the storm .
He took in a film on Friday night about the wartime Pope Pius XII and spent the past week on vacation at the papal summer residence .
He remains well - informed about everything going on , Vian said .
" If you ask me if the Vatican feels under siege , I say that I do not feel under siege , " Lombardi said .
------
Associated Press Writer Victor L. Simpson contributed to this report .
© Copyright 2010 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
For those who expected the Bellevue city council to finally come to consensus on a ‘ B ’ segment decision last night , it did n’t happen .
The large expectations were that the council was to pick up on a vote , where it left off last Monday .
From internal sources , rumor was that Mayor Davidson was intending to do just that until the word reached his ear about the damage a vote could do to choosing a tunnel for the ‘ C ’ segment .
This was further coupled with a mass of discontent from B3 supporters .
Either way , progress was limited yet again in last night ’s study session .
A recap of the meeting is below the jump .
For those who have n’t been following closely with our East Link coverage , there has been a swiftly growing movement , mostly led by Mercer Slough and Enatai residents , to counter the revival of the B7 route .
A large number of B3 supporters turned up , including several of our readers who heeded our call to action ( thanks , guys ! ) .
We were provided pro-B3 stickers and badges to show support , which visibly wrangled the nerves of several Surrey Downs attendees .
Turnout was so large , that a dividing wall had to be opened up to another conference room to accommodate us all .
Largely , the discussion was focused on drafting yet another letter to Sound Transit - whether it should be done , how it should be done , when it should be done , etc .
However , John Chelminiak blew a considerable amount of caution to the wind and hinted at the growing pile of letters already sent to ST from the council .
Much of the dialogue between Mayor Davidson , Claudia Balducci , and Jennifer Robertson was how to properly word the letter .
Robertson wanted the letter to state that the “ council , as a whole , supports B7 ″ when Balducci wanted to make clear that only a “ majority of the council ” supports B7 , but not as a whole .
It ’s also important to note that there was unanimity in dropping B7 modified from consideration , which will be noted in the letter .
The question on everyone ’s mind was how things have changed since last year as to warrant amending the preferred alternative .
While Grant Degginer explicitly expressed his belief that nothing had changed except for the “ political environment , ” Kevin Wallace responded by saying that a significant number of things have changed and ranted about no one being proactive about modifying B7 to address its shortfalls .
One of these modifications suggested even included the possibility of eliminating any kind of B segment park and ride completely .
Conrad
Lee made the most outlandish statement of the night .
While proclaiming himself as the biggest “ transit system advocate , ” he went on to say that “ transit can be designed to support B7 ” and that “ freeways were built exactly for the purpose of transit . ”
Garnering several eye - rolls and scoffs were not enough to deter him from continuing to say that light rail “ should not run through congested neighborhoods , ” which left many of us wondering what we ’re doing at Capitol Hill if that ’s the case .
The only consensus of the night was that no vote should be taken .
Instead , council staff were directed to draft the letter , which we expect could be up for further consideration next week .
At the end of the discussion , Balducci essentially summed up what everyone was thinking : “ agreement will likely never be reached . ”
THiago Alves file photo : Dave Mandel / Sherdog.com
If there is a more disturbing word to append to the noun “ brain ” than “ irregularity , ” I do n’t know it .
The preliminary information regarding Thiago Alves ’ failure of his pre-fight CAT scan was worrisome ; the additional information indicating that the abnormal finding involved an artery in the brain was more worrisome .
Medical personnel following the case assumed that the suspicious finding was an aneurysm , possibly a large one .
The recent reports that , in fact , Alves does not have an intracranial aneurysm provide reassurance and prompt further questions .
The arterial blood supply to the brain comes from four vessels -- the paired internal carotid arteries and the vertebral arteries that pass through the cervical vertebrae .
These vessels join to form the circle of Willis : at any point in this circle of arteries , or in its branches , growth abnormalities can occur .
While aneurysms -- potentially fatal ballooning of the blood vessels -- are one form of abnormality , it appears Alves has a different vascular abnormality : an Arteriovenous Malformation .
Arteriovenous Malformations ( AVM ) are tangled collections of blood vessels that can occur anywhere in the body .
They are generally benign , but if they compress vital structures or bleed , they can cause significant damage .
An intact AVM in the brain might cause headaches , seizures or in an extreme case a swelling of the fluid in the brain known as hydrocephalus .
If a cerebral AVM bleeds -- and because these malformed vessels do not have the same structural integrity of normal arteries , they have a high risk of rupture and bleeding -- death occurs in approximately 10 percent of cases .
It is not known if participating in combat sports increases the risk of bleeding .
While in theory the brain trauma associated with blows to the head or the vascular pressure changes associated with a choke submission might increase the chance of bleeding , the definitive data simply does not exist .
The New Jersey State Athletic Control Board made the appropriate conservative decision to prevent Alves from fighting until his malformation has been further investigated and treated .
There are several options for treatment of an intracranial AVM , each with benefits and disadvantages depending on where the AVM is located within the brain .
By report , Alves ’ malformation is in the left hemisphere of his brain , and he is scheduled for an angiogram to delineate exactly what regions of the brain are involved .
Once that is determined , a decision will have to be made whether to address the malformation with surgery , radiation or embolization .
Surgery offers the advantage of being able to directly visualize the abnormality and remove it entirely .
It has the profound disadvantages of requiring a craniotomy , a prolonged recovery period and possible damage to the brain surrounding the malformed vessels .
If the AVM is on a superficial , non-vital portion of the brain , surgery is an option -- otherwise , the results could be catastrophic .
Radiation therapy using extremely high energy X - Rays known as gamma rays can be used to burn the malformed vessels .
There is some associated damage to surrounding brain tissue , but most patients do very well .
Lastly , if the AVM is accessible to a small intra-arterial catheter , it is possible to fill the tangle of blood vessels with a thin Platinum fiber .
This embolization procedure clots off the AVM , diminishing the pressure effects on surrounding tissue and ending the risk of hemorrhage .
Once an AVM is treated , there is no reason why a fighter could not return to the ring .
Surgery would require a long recovery period , but effective embolization could get a fighter back into the ring within weeks or months .
The risk of bleeding or other serious harm would be nil .
Once the AVM is dealt with , there is no reason for further care , re-examination or limitation of action .
Alves ’ future pre-fight CAT scans will always show the presence of an abnormality , but with the stipulation of a neurosurgeon or interventional radiologist to his fitness , his fighting license should be unaffected .
Alves has missed a major fight , but if an angiogram proves he does in fact have a manageable AVM , there is no reason -- no medical reason -- he should n’t be back in the ring this summer .
The only remaining concern will be the question of whether it was fighting itself , either blows to the head or submission chokes , that caused the apparent AVM .
There is no evidence to support the thesis that brain trauma causes AVMs and no reason to suspect that standard choking techniques are implicated in the disease .
Far more likely is that the requisite pre-fight CAT scan caught an AVM that otherwise might never have been detected .
Or , in a worse case scenario , the pre-fight CAT scan caught an AVM before it ruptured ; it may have saved Alves ’ life .
While this incident is a hassle for UFC President Dana White and a disappointment for Alves , it is a success story for MMA .
The discovery of a potentially dangerous “ brain irregularity ” stands as a testament to the prudence of the NJSACB and the sport ’s interest in fighter safety .
Those responsible for the current safety precautions should be congratulated , and those working for greater safety should be encouraged in their efforts .
The Jerusalem Post
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Yaakov Katz contributed to this report .
A satellite photograph showing a 60 - meter Star of David carved into a Palestinian field during the offensive against Hamas in Gaza last winter , slid under the army ’s radar screen when it examined the Goldstone Report ’s allegations of misconduct against the IDF .
When quizzed by , the IDF said it was unfamiliar with the incident and said the Foreign Ministry should be contacted for an official comment .
The star can be seen in a satellite photograph provided to South African jurist Richard Goldstone by the United Nations last July .
According to a report by the UN Institute for Training and Research that accompanied the photograph , the satellite image was shot some time between January 3 and 10 , 2009 .
The UNITAR report states that the photograph of the Palestinian field showed “ ground signatures ” that “ include tank tracks across cultivated fields and paved roads , ” as well as a “ Star of David measuring 60 m .
in diameter carved into the soil likely by IDF vehicles .
” It is posted on the UN Web site .
UN satellite imagery is also referenced in the 575 - page report published in September by the UN fact - finding mission into Israeli activity in Gaza during Operation Cast Lead , which was chaired by Goldstone .
But no reference to the Star of David in the Palestinian field is made in the Goldstone Report , which accuses Israel of possible war crimes in Gaza .
It has also not surfaced in any of the hundreds of stories written about the Goldstone document .
The photograph of the Star of David was first circulated last week on the Mondo Weiss blog , which belongs to US investigative journalist Philip Weiss , who describes himself as an anti-Zionist .
In spring 2009 Weiss traveled to the Gaza Strip and joined a Code Pink : Women for Peace contingent .
IDF sources said it was possible the Star of David was carved into the ground to mark the location – for the air force – of soldiers who were operating nearby .
The diameter of the star ’s lines was relatively small , the sources said , leading to the conclusion that the star was carved not by a tank but perhaps by a jeep .
Sarit Michaeli of B’Tselem - The Israeli Information Center for Human Rights in the Occupied Territories , which itself has studied Israeli activity in Gaza , said she had not heard of the photograph .
Foreign Ministry spokesman Yigal Palmor said he did not believe that the alleged IDF tracks damaged the field .
“ If no one complained about it and no one even noticed it , then I would say this is a non-event , ” said Palmor .
The IDF is preparing an in - depth rebuttal of the Goldstone Report , which called on both the Israel and Hamas to hold their owninvestigations into their military actions last winter .
Already on Friday the IDF released a 48 - page paper to document thesteps it has taken to investigate its actions during Operation CastLead .
At the end of this week , UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon is expectedto inform the General Assembly of investigatory steps Israel and Hamashave taken .
On the evening of October 16th , 2017 , the police in Texas arrested two suspects for the criminal offense of aggravated theft .
The target of theft was a Samsung S - 7 mobile phone where the thieves were armed with knives .
The police investigators on the raised suspicions and through the evidence that was provided did identify and arrest the named suspects through the help of a surveillance footage .
They were grounded on the suspicions of the criminal offense .
The prosecutor interviewed the procedures on the two suspects and imposed a police custody .
There are many cases of aggravated thief that are reported day in day out .
At times we just call it theft , robbery or burglary .
At the end of the end , this remains a felony .
How do you know it ’s a felony ?
A theft of property is considered aggravated if accompanied by the following aggravating factors ;
Use of a weapon in the commission of the crime and to be specific , deadly weapons .
Threats or intimidation relating to the crime .
If it is a gang or crime related theft .
Where it is a theft of a high - value asset or property or
It ’s a theft of police or government property
This kind of theft is very serious in the judicial system .
It bears serious consequences .
A defendant who is found guilty of aggravated theft is sentenced to at least one year in prison alongside fines and also a permanent felony record .
Being convicted of aggravated theft affects permanently or even temporarily your individual legal rights .
It affects your ;
Voting rights ,
Driving privileges ,
Rights to serve on any jury and even
Gun ownership rights .
After you have been arrested on the grounds of Aggravated Theft , does it mean you ca n’t do anything ?
This is the point where you immediately hire a criminal defense attorney .
These have the experience and legal knowledge on how they will deal with such cases .
They understand the seriousness of your cases and will know where to dispute and where not to .
Depending on other evidence presented before a court of law , the criminal defense attorney will advise you on how you are supposed to plead .
It is a scenario where you can easily find yourself on the wrong side of the law .
A criminal defense attorney is the only real friend that you can trust in such a time .
They have won similar cases and you might be the lucky one this time especially where you defense attorney has good relations with the jury .
Depending on how the aggravated theft has been categorized , there are possible defenses .
It is possible that the defendant was intoxicated or at the time of the crime he / she was not of sound mind .
It is also possible that the defense of duress was used in the case where the defendant was forced or even threatened to commit the crime .
You are likely to walk free or with minimal penalties if you happen to provide proof of intoxication or duress .
The type of defense which the criminal defense attorney will use will , however , depend on the crime itself .
It will also depend on the circumstances that led the defendant into committing the crime .
It is therefore very important to source for intelligent and qualified criminal defense lawyers who will understand every aspect of your case .
As much as the aggravated robbery has very serious consequences .
It is also very difficult to defend in a court of law .
You can only be sentenced after you plead guilty or when you have been identified as the robber .
Most experienced criminal defense attorneys will attempt to challenge the identification process .
They discredit the eyewitness testimony as inaccurate .
Most other similar cases fail to succeed due to lack of enough evidence that ought to link the crime perpetrator to the crime itself .
These cases also frequently get in the direction that the defendant believes they were the rightful owner of the property and theirs was simply an act of retrieving it .
It is therefore very important to hire a criminal defense attorney lest you find yourself a victim .
Hoping again to be a pioneer in promoting healthier eating , Santa Clara County supervisors on Tuesday approved the nation ’s first ordinance that would prevent restaurants from using toys to lure kids to meals high in fat , sugar and calories .
The law prohibits restaurants in unincorporated parts of the county from giving away goodies unless the meals meet certain nutritional guidelines .
More and more in recent years , fast - food critics say restaurants have encouraged families to make unhealthy choices by offering Iron Man Cyclone Spinning Robot Drones and Barbie Mermaid dolls with their kids ’ meals .
Though the crackdown will affect no more than a handful of restaurants , county supervisors hope their vote will create a ripple effect in cities , other counties and the state — similar to how Santa Clara County helped to lead the way on forcing fast - food chains to post calorie counts on menus .
They also hoped this latest push would prod the restaurant industry to take notice .
Judging from Tuesday ’s standing - room - only crowd in the county board chamber and the ensuing national news reports on the vote , they succeeded .
“ This ordinance breaks the link between unhealthy food and prizes , ” said Supervisor Ken Yeager , who sponsored the initiative .
Yeager said it is unfair to parents and children to use toys to capture the tastes of children when they ’re young and “ to get them hooked on eating high - sugar , high - fat foods early in life . ”
California Restaurant Association spokesman Daniel Conway said his 22,000 - member group was against the ordinance — and so were many county residents who think government is going too far .
Conway said a poll by his organization showed that 80 percent of county residents contacted said banning toys included in restaurant meal promotions is not an important issue for local government .
“ The message they ( supervisors ) are sending is that parents are making the wrong choices and therefore they should no longer have the choice , ” Conway said .
Under the ordinance , restaurants would not be able to offer toys for kids ’ meals that exceed certain nutritional standards — more than 485 total calories , for instance , or more than 600 milligrams of sodium .
That means , at Wendy ’s , four chicken nuggets , mandarin oranges and low - fat milk would get a toy .
But the crispy chicken sandwich , fries and chocolate milk would not .
The new law ’s reach is limited , and applies to restaurants only in such areas as San Martin , Stanford University , San Jose ’s Burbank and Cambrian neighborhoods and other small pockets that are not part of any city .
Among a list of 151 eateries compiled by Yeager ’s staff , up to a dozen could be affected .
While Supervisors Don Gage and George Shirakawa voted against the ordinance , the three supervisors who voted in favor —
Yeager , Dave Cortese and Liz Kniss — hope their vote and its message will put the county at the forefront of the fight against childhood obesity .
It would n’t be the first time the board made headlines about the topic .
In 2008 , the board voted unanimously to require menu- labeling for fast - food restaurants , putting the county out front along with San Francisco and New York City in setting a national standard for fighting obesity .
California adopted its own version of the menu- labeling law in 2009 .
During Tuesday ’s meeting , a crowd of about 300 packed the board chamber and listened to county health officials cite statistics they say support the ordinance .
Although the county ranks as one of the healthiest in the nation , one in four seventh - , ninth - and 11th - graders in the county are either overweight or obese , and one in three low - income children between the ages of 2 and 5 fall into the same two categories .
Latinos are disproportionately affected by the epidemic .
If these trends persist , they said , the next generation will have a lower life expectancy .
But when Amalia Chamorro , speaking on behalf of the state restaurant association , turned to ask how many of the audience — many of them Latino and several of them who work in the fast - food industry — would oppose the ordinance , the majority rose their hands .
Among about two dozen public speakers who addressed the board were local fast food franchise owners who said their menus already include healthy alternatives .
Furniture installer Stephen Hazel told the board that the ordinance was meaningless because families could just as easily patronize restaurants in neighboring cities that offer toys with meals .
And next on their list of banned foods , he suggested , could be pizza and Taco Bell .
Parents spoke as well , some in favor of the ban , some against .
Tracy Nashner , a San Jose mother of two , told the board she opposed the ban because she did n’t believe there is a link between the toys and the obesity problem .
“ We do n’t go for the toy , ” she said , but for the food .
Saratoga Mayor Kathleen King , a parent of five children , one of whom is a special - needs child , said the toys influence her children ’s meal choices .
But she agreed with the ban and thanked the county for taking the lead in the debate .
“ I ’m happy to see the county I live in taking a very proactive role , ” said King .
The board did leave an opening for some negotiation with the industry after Cortese suggested that the board add a 90 - day grace period for the restaurant industry to come up with alternatives that would meet the board ’s standard .
“ I wish that offer had been made a month and a half ago when this issue came up , ” Conway said of the state ’s restaurant association .
“ I do n’t quite know what to make of an offer like that , but I sure did n’t get the sense there was any middle ground here . ”
The ordinance will return to the board May 11 for a final vote .
If the board ’s version of the ban ultimately is adopted , Yeager said the county public health department will enforce the law with a $ 250 fine for the first violation , $ 500 for the second and up to $ 1,000 after that .
“ If the restaurant industry can come up with proposals that meet the same goals , we ’ll take that into consideration , ” said Yeager .
“ We wanted to at least give them the opportunity — and many said they are trying to do their part — to come up with something that would work . ”
Contact Tracy Seipel at 408-275-0140 .
The 1995 Kobe quake highlighted the inadequacy of Japan 's precautions Earthquakes have claimed hundreds of thousands of lives in the last 100 years and improvements in technology have only slightly reduced the death toll .
14 April 2010 : At least 400 people die after a magnitude 6.9 earthquake strikes western China 's Qinghai province .
27 February 2010 : A magnitude 8.8 earthquake hits central Chile north - east of the second city , Concepcion .
Official figures put the number of people killed at 452 , but many are still missing .
12 January 2010 : About 230,000 die in and around the Haitian capital Port - au - Prince , as a 7.0 magnitude earthquake strikes the city .
30 September 2009 : At least 1,000 people die and at least 1,000 remain missing after an earthquake strikes the Indonesian island of Sumatra .
6 April 2009 : An earthquake hits the historic Italian city of L'Aquila , killing about 300 people .
29 October 2008 : Up to 300 people are killed in the Pakistani province of Balochistan after an earthquake of 6.4 magnitude struck 70 km ( 45 miles ) north of Quetta .
12 May 2008 : Up to 87,000 people are killed or missing and as many as 370,000 injured by an earthquake in just one county in China 's south - western Sichuan province .
The tremor , measuring 7.8 , struck 92 km ( 57 miles ) from the provincial capital Chengdu during the early afternoon .
15 August 2007 : At least 519 people are killed in Peru 's coastal province of Ica , as a 7.90 - magnitude undersea earthquake strikes about 145 km ( 90 miles ) south - east of the capital , Lima .
17 July 2006 : A 7.7 magnitude undersea earthquake triggers a tsunami that strikes a 200 km ( 125 - mile ) stretch of the southern coast of Java , killing more than 650 people on the Indonesian island .
27 May 2006 : More than 5,700 people die when a magnitude 6.2 quake hits the Indonesian island of Java , devastating the city of Yogyakarta and surrounding areas .
1 April 2006 : Seventy people are killed and some 1,200 injured when an earthquake measuring 6.0 strikes a remote region of western Iran .
8 October 2005 : An earthquake measuring 7.6 strikes northern Pakistan and the disputed Kashmir region , killing more than 73,000 people and leaving millions homeless .
28 March 2005 : About 1,300 people are killed in an 8.7 magnitude quake off the coast of the Indonesian island of Nias , west of Sumatra .
22 February 2005 : Hundreds die in a 6.4 magnitude quake centred in a remote area near Zarand in Iran 's Kerman province .
26 December 2004 : Hundreds of thousands are killed across Asia when an earthquake measuring 9.2 triggers sea surges that spread across the region .
24 February 2004 : At least 500 people die in an earthquake which strikes towns on Morocco 's Mediterranean coast .
26 December 2003 : More than 26,000 people are killed when an earthquake destroys the historic city of Bam in southern Iran .
21 May 2003 : Algeria suffers its worst earthquake in more than two decades .
More than 2,000 people die and more than 8,000 are injured in a quake felt across the sea in Spain .
1 May 2003 : More than 160 people are killed , including 83 children in a collapsed dormitory , in south - eastern Turkey .
24 February 2003 : More than 260 people die and almost 10,000 homes are destroyed in Xinjiang region , in western China .
31 October 2002 : Italy is traumatised by the loss of an entire class of children , killed in the southern village of San Giuliano di Puglia when their school building collapses on them .
26 January 2001 : An earthquake measuring magnitude 7.9 devastates much of Gujarat state in north - western India , killing nearly 20,000 people and making more than a million homeless .
Bhuj and Ahmedabad are among the towns worst hit .
12 November 1999 : Around 400 people die when an earthquake measuring 7.2 on the Richter scale strikes Ducze , in north - west Turkey .
21 September 1999 : Taiwan is hit by a quake measuring 7.6 that kills nearly 2,500 people and causes damage to every town on the island .
17 August 1999 : An magnitude 7.4 earthquake rocks the Turkish cities of Izmit and Istanbul , leaving more than 17,000 dead and many more injured .
30 May 1998 : Northern Afghanistan is hit by a major earthquake , killing 4,000 people .
May 1997 : More than 1,600 killed in Birjand , eastern Iran , in an earthquake of magnitude 7.1. 27 May 1995 :
The far eastern island of Sakhalin is hit by a massive earthquake , measuring 7.5 , which claims the lives of 1,989 Russians .
17 January 1995 : The Hyogo quake hits the city of Kobe in Japan , killing 6,430 people .
30 September 1993 : About 10,000 villagers are killed in western and southern India .
21 June 1990 : Around 40,000 people die in a tremor in the northern Iranian province of Gilan .
7 December 1988 : An earthquake measuring 6.9 on the Richter scale devastates north - west Armenia , killing 25,000 people .
19 September 1985 : Mexico City is shaken by a huge earthquake which razes buildings and kills 10,000 people .
4 March 1977 : Some 1,500 people are killed in an earthquake that hit close to the Romanian capital , Bucharest .
28 July 1976 : The Chinese city of Tangshan is reduced to rubble in a quake that claims at least 250,000 lives .
23 December 1972 : Up to 10,000 people are killed in the Nicaraguan capital Managua by an earthquake that measures 6.5 on the Richter scale .
The devastation caused by the earthquake was blamed on badly built high - rise buildings that easily collapsed .
31 May 1970 : An earthquake high in the Peruvian Andes triggers a landslide burying the town of Yungay and killing 66,000 people .
26 July 1963 : An earthquake measuring 6.9 on the Richter scale strikes the Macedonian capital of Skopje killing 1,000 and leaving 100,000 homeless .
22 May 1960 : The world 's strongest recorded earthquake devastates Chile , with a reading of 9.5 on the Richter scale .
A tsunami 30 ft ( 10 m ) high eliminates entire villages in Chile and kills 61 hundreds of miles away in Hawaii .
1 September 1923 : The Great Kanto earthquake , with its epicentre just outside Tokyo , claims the lives of 142,800 people in the Japanese capital .
18 April 1906 : San Francisco is hit by a series of violent shocks which last up to a minute .
Between 700 and 3,000 people die either from collapsing buildings or in the subsequent fire .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
105.9 The X To Carry Montreal - Washington by Staff Writer / Pittsburgh Penguins
The Penguins ’ flagship radio station , 105.9
The X , will carry the broadcast of tonight ’s Montreal - Washington playoff game at 7 pm .
105.9
The X will pick up the feed from Montreal station CJAD , with Rick Moffat and Murray Wilson calling the action .
The Montreal - Washington series is tied at three games apiece , with the decisive Game 7 being played at Verizon Center in Washington , D.C .
View Less
Actually , it does n't take too much .
Bryan Caplan explains :
Awhile back , Krugman loudly insisted that if you ban pre-existing conditions clauses , you also have to mandate insurance .
While the new bill has a mandate , it does n't begin until 2014 , and the penalty clause is absurdly small .
Here 's what passes for " promoting individual responsibility " :
Requires most individuals to obtain acceptable health insurance coverage or pay a penalty of $ 95 for 2014 , $ 325 for 2015 , $ 695 for 2016 ( or , up to 2.5 percent of income in 2016 ) , up to a cap of the national average bronze plan premium .
Families will pay half the amount for children , up to a cap of up to a cap of $ 2,250 per family .
After 2016 , dollar amounts are indexed .
If affordable coverage is not available to an individual , they will not be penalized .
In practical terms , then , " Heads I win , tails I break even " remains the winning strategy .
And as adverse selection drives up the drive of insurance , paying the uninsured penalty until you 're seriously ill gets smarter and smarter .
Got that ?
Avoid getting health insurance and pay the fines .
When you get sick , buy health insurance .
It 's that easy .
We the undersigned urge Canadian universities and colleges not to participate in " Project Hero , " a program in which post - secondary institutions waive tuition and course fees for " children of fallen soldiers . "
Children of deceased members of the Canadian military already have access to benefits through the Children of Deceased Veterans Education Assistance passed in 1953 .
These benefits cover course fees and tuition as well as a monthly living allowance .
Project
Hero is not about aid to the children of deceased soldiers , as their needs are already being met .
Rather it is a political effort to justify Canadian participation in the war in Afghanistan and glorify militarism on our campuses .
We do not believe our colleges and universities should be participating in this kind of political campaign masked as a student aid program .
We support the effort by University of Regina faculty members to raise the issue of Project Hero on their campus .
We are deeply concerned about the response they have met in the form of hate mail , threats and calls for their dismissal .
They have every right to raise these issues , and it is essential that free discussion and debate about foreign policy and the role of the military be allowed without vilification and threats of retribution .
The University of Regina Administration and the broader community must strongly defend the academic freedom of these faculty members .
The very name of " Project Hero " demonstrates its fundamentally political nature .
We believe participation in this project threatens to align our universities and colleges with a particular political message about militarism and the war in Afghanistan .
We therefore urge university and college administrators to reject participation in this project .
Your daily dose of news and tidbits from the world of money in politics :
COMPROMISE ON HORIZON FOR DODD , FINANCIAL BILL ?
U.S. Sen. U.S. Sen. Chris Dodd ( D - Conn . ) spent months railing against the Federal Reserve for what he considered its failure to protect consumers from abusive financial institutions .
Potentially in the offing : A bipartisan bill , crafted in part with Sen. Bob Corker ( R - Tenn . ) , that the Washington Post ‘s Binyamin Appelbaum and David Cho report would “ place a presidential appointee inside the Fed with an independent budget and a mandate to write rules protecting consumers .
Those rules , however , would be enforced by existing banking regulators . ”
Capital Eye series , “ Read our recent coverage of Dodd ’s role in national financial reform here .
And for full coverage of the money - in - politics angles of financial reform , read our recentseries , “ Crossing Wall Street . ”
Whew .
Writes Ford : “ The cruel twist , of course , is that the party bosses who tried to intimidate me so that I would n’t even think about running against Senator Kirsten Gillibrand … are the same people responsible for putting Democratic control of the Senate at risk . ”
Had Ford run against Gillibrand , he would have likely done so with strong backing from financial institutions , labor unions and law firms , all his historical backers .
During his years in the House that led to his 2006 Senate bid , Ford raised more than $ 19.2 million — an impressive sum by any account .
Would Ford rule out running at some point in the future ?
That ’s unclear .
“ I ’m a Democrat , ” he said in his op - ed article .
“ But I am an independent Democrat . ”
A NEW OPENSECRETS.ORG LOBBYING TOOL :
If you ’re a frequent user of our Have a news tip or link to pass along ?
We want to hear from you !
E-mail us at [ email protected ]
If you ’re a frequent user of our lobbying database , you may have noticed a subtle change with great utility .
Within our industry profiles , users may sort lobbying clients both by name and the amount the clients spent on federal lobbying .
This is particularly useful when all you need is a quick , at - a - glance look at who the top players are within a given industry .
Click here to experiment with , for example , our lobbying profile of the pharmaceutical and health products industry .
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : Feel free to distribute or cite this material , but please credit the Center for Responsive Politics .
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : [ email protected ]
·
·
·
·
·
·
·
Support Accountability Journalism
At OpenSecrets.org we offer in - depth , money - in - politics stories in the public interest .
Whether you ’re reading about 2020 presidential fundraising , conflicts of interest or “ dark money ” influence , we produce this content with a small , but dedicated team .
Every donation we receive from users like you goes directly into promoting high - quality data analysis and investigative journalism that you can trust .
Please support our work and keep this resource free .
Thank you .
Support OpenSecrets ➜
Read more OpenSecrets News & Analysis :
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The UN chief has said Israel 's blockade of Gaza is causing " unacceptable suffering , " during a Middle East visit to reinvigorate the peace process .
Ban Ki-moon told Gazans that " we stand with you " as he visited an area damaged by Israel 's offensive 14 months ago .
His visit to the region comes amid tension over Israel 's plans to build more settlements in East Jerusalem .
Rebuilding is difficult due to a lack of building materials during the three - year blockade .
Israel imposed a tightened blockade after the Islamist Hamas movement seized power in June 2007 .
Speaking in Gaza , Mr Ban said families were living under " unacceptable , unsustainable conditions " .
Mr Ban said it was " distressing " for him to see damage to housing remaining , with no reconstruction possible under the blockade .
The blockade has prevented the UN from completing housing projects , but Mr Ban pledged to continue providing aid to Gazans .
" My message to people of Gaza is this : the United Nations will stand with you through this ordeal , " he said .
' Path of non-violence '
Among a list of criticisms of the blockade by Israel and Egypt , Mr Ban said the blockade was counter - productive as it prevented legitimate commerce and encouraged smuggling and extremism .
Mr Ban urged all Gazans to " choose the path of non-violence , Palestinian unity and international legitimacy " .
He also called for a prisoner exchange involving Palestinian prisoners and Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit who was captured by militants in 2006 .
His two - day visit is aimed at restarting the peace process , and comes just ahead of a visit by US special representative George Mitchell on Sunday to try to get indirect talks going between the Israelis and Palestinians .
We will continue to build in Jerusalem as we have done for 42 years
Benjamin Netanyahu
The international community last week strongly condemned Israel 's announcement of planning permission for 1,600 new homes in East Jerusalem , occupied by Israel since 1967 .
Ahead of Sunday 's Israeli cabinet meeting , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said settlement building would continue .
" The policy of construction in Jerusalem is the same as in Tel Aviv .
" We will continue to build in Jerusalem as we have done for 42 years , " he said , according to AFP news agency .
Clashes Mr Netanyahu is to travel to Washington on Sunday , where he is expected to meet Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and possibly President Barack Obama .
Also on Sunday , the Israel army said soldiers shot dead two Palestinians who tried to stab a soldier at a checkpoint in the West Bank .
The soldier was on a routine patrol near a security crossing southeast of Nablus .
The deaths bring to four the number of Palestinians killed in the past two days in the occupied West Bank .
A Palestinian teenager was shot dead during clashes near Nablus on Saturday .
A second person shot on Saturday died of his injuries on Sunday , West Bank medical officials said .
The army said no live bullets were fired , only tear gas and rubber bullets .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
“ The Riz Khan Show ” asks : “ Is the U.S. weapons industry fueling global instability and sparking another arms race ? ” ( 22:29 ) :
The primary evil of the State is its nature as an antisocial fictional entity empowered by its own monopoly of force .
No more is this evil displayed than through an empire like the U.S. where its power becomes a magnet for the elite to consume a large piece of the exploited pie .
A corporation , also being an antisocial fictional entity , has no subjective interest in the mutual cooperation and coexistence of people — only the ‘ rational ’ self - interest to preserve and enhance itself by any means necessary .
The well - being of Palestinians , Colombians , Venezuelans , Indonesians , Somalis , Yemenis , Nigerians , Liberians , South Ossetians , Iraqis , Egyptians , Afghans , Pakistanis , Lebanese , Jordanians , Congolese , Mexicans , etc. are of no concern because the military industrial complex absolutely needs armed conflict , aggressive war and excessive intimidation by governments to survive .
To its ends , people are abundant and naturally reproductive — therefore , expendable and accessible to exploit with lesser error than the potential insecurity of cash flow .
The military industrial complex has an interest — not in producing defensive precautions or even aggressive dominators , but — only in the perpetuity of armed conflict ; only by means of perpetual destruction .
The corporation ’s disconnect from being a moral agent with : the State - enforced privilege of minute liability , State - encouraged privilege of access to the exploitative monopoly of force and the tolerance for the State to maintain its monopoly of force makes nihilistic ‘ reform ’ and ‘ regulation ’ self - defeating .
Only the dismantling of these structures — the State and the institutions granted with the privilege to survive only through death , destruction , enslavement via odious debt — and the confiscation , redistribution of these criminal organizations ’ possessions positive steps toward liberty or justice for all .
The disconnection of the corporation from moral agents — via corporate personhood — makes you have to heavily scrutinize statements from executives and spokespeople from the war machine sector who say that none of their arms are used for human rights abuses and such .
They ’re not going to arm warlords from their parent corporation in Virginia .
The arms to the more overt criminals against humanity come from shell corporations of subsidiaries of subsidiaries of front NGO ’s of shell corporations of shell corporations of the parent corporation .
Plausible deniability under the law does not clean the hands of the individuals in control of these corporate structures .
And under the law , the ‘ left hand does n’t have to know what the right hand is doing ’ for a criminal conspiracy to be held liable .
The fact is that the strength of the U.S. government — or any government for the matter — will always strengthen the financiers of those in control of said government .
Therefore , the Federal Reserve , Wall Street , K Street and the military industrial complex will continue to conspire to plunder the most defenseless in their global plantation until the governed withdraw their consent through solidarity , direct action and resistance
23 Mar 2010 | AJE
The US has not only the world ’s most powerful armed forces , but also the biggest global weapons industry .
As its exports in traditional areas such as consumer goods , hi-tech items and automobiles dwindle , its sale of sophisticated weaponry to the rest of the world is growing .
Congressional Research Service , a non-partisan American group , says the US ’s share of all weapons sold during the height of the global recession in 2008 rose to more than two - thirds even though the world ’s ordnance market contracted .
The US also signed 70 per cent of all weapons sales agreements with developing nations .
Between 2001 and 2008 , the US sold India weaponry worth nearly $ 31bn , while Pakistan shelled out nearly $ 12bn to upgrade its military hardware .
Both countries are nuclear - armed rivals who have fought three wars and came close to a fourth in 2008 .
On Tuesday ’s Riz Khan we ask :
Is the US weapons industry fuelling global instability and sparking another arms race ?
Joining the conversation will be William D. Hartung of the US - based New America Foundation which monitors weapons proliferation and the politics and economics of military spending .
We will also have with us Joel Johnson of the Teal Group Corporation , an American aerospace and defense consulting company which forecasts the production of , and the markets for , a variety of aerospace and defense equipment .
After Fox News analysts spent most of Friday defending Arizona ’s bill to target illegal immigrants , Judge Andrew Napolitano offered a different take on the controversial measure , Crooks and Liars reported .
When asked about Gov. Jan Brewer , Napolitano said her signing of the bill into law will have disastrous consequences :
Napolitano :
She ’s gonna bankrupt the Republican Party and the state of Arizona .
Look at what happened to the Republicans in California with the proposition —
ADVERTISEMENT
Cavuto :
What happens ?
Napolitano : Ah , Hispanics — who have a natural home in the Republican Party because they are socially conservative — will flee in droves .
She ’s also gonna bankrupt her state , because no insurance company will provide coverage for this .
And for all the lawsuits that will happen — for all the people that are wrongfully stopped — her budget will be paying for it .
Her budget will be paying the legal bills of the lawyers who sue on behalf of those that were stopped .
This will be a disaster for Arizona — to say nothing of the fact that it ’s so unconstitutional that I predict a federal judge will prevent Arizona from enforcing it as soon as they attempt to do so .
That will probably be tomorrow .
The new law , which will take effect in late July or early August , was cheered by many , including Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio , whose tough crackdowns have made him a hero in the anti-illegal immigration community .
He said it gives him new authority to detain undocumented migrants who are n’t accused of committing any other crimes .
“ Now if we show they ’re illegal , we can actually arrest them and put them in our jails , ” Arpaio said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Critics claim the bill will effectively encourage racial profiling .
President Barack Obama branded it “ misguided . ”
Hispanic groups across the country tend to agree with Napolitano ’s assessment of the bill .
Immigrant advocates say the bill could worsen an already tenuous relationship between law enforcement and Hispanics in Arizona .
State Sen. Rebecca Rios , a Phoenix Democrat and fourth - generation Arizonan , said she ’s concerned about her 14 - year - old son being harassed by police because of his brown skin , black hair and dark - brown eyes .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I do n’t want my son or anyone else ’s son targeted simply because of their physical characteristics , ” Rios said .
“ There ’s no reason I should have to carry around any proof of citizenship , nor my son . ”
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
The History of Geocaching
Translations :
Svensk översättning
Português
GPS , or Global Positioning System , was developed by the US Department of Defense .
This satellite navigation system was intended for military use and therefore the signals were scrambled , limiting accuracy for civilian use to about 100 meters .
On May 1 , 2000 , President Clinton announced that this scrambling , known as Selective Availability ( SA ) , would be turned off .
Civilians were then able to enjoy accuracy on the order of 10 meters .
On May 3 , 2000 , Dave Ulmer proposed a way to celebrate the demise of SA .
He hid a bucket of trinkets in the woods outside Portland , Oregon and announced its location in a posting made to the USENET newsgroup sci.geo.satellite-nav .
This announcement is remarkable for laying out the essence of the hobby that is still in place today .
It 's all there .
The container .
The trinkets .
The log book .
The rule of take something , leave something , sign the logbook .
Dave Ulmer invented geocaching in one fell swoop in that newsgroup posting .
Within a day , the original stash had been found .
Within days , more stashes had been hidden in California , Kansas , and Illinois .
Within a month , a stash had been hidden as far away as Australia .
The hobby was fast on its way to being a worldwide phenomenon .
On May 8 , Mike Teague announced a Web site for collecting the locations of caches .
The original Web page is gone , but thanks to the Wayback Machine , a copy of the GPS Stash Hunt Homepage still exists .
On May 15 , James Coburn set up a mailing list on eGroups ( now Yahoo ! ) for discussion of geocaching .
The list is still in existence .
Its archives contain the best record of the early days of the hobby .
On May 30 , a new name was coined for the hobby .
Matt Stum suggested " geocaching " to avoid the negative connotations of the word " stash " .
So , within a month , the hobby had in place the rules , its first hides and finds , a mailing list and a home page .
And the number of caches was growing fast .
On September 2 , 2000 , Jeremy Irish emailed the gpsstash mailing list that he had registered the domain name geocaching .com and had setup his own Web site .
He copied the caches from Mike Teague 's database into his own .
On September 6 , Mike Teague announced that Jeremy Irish was taking over cache listings .
From the outset , Jeremy Irish considered ways to make money from geocaching .
Geocaching.com was setup as a .com site , not .org .
He sold banner ads to GPS manufacturers and retailers .
He soon gave up on banner ads , which he discovered did not make that much in revenue .
He accepted direct donations via PayPal and arranged commissions from GPS retailers through Web site referrals .
He also turned to clothing sales .
He claimed to have coined the word geocaching and applied for a trademark on the word , despite it being in common use as descriptive of the hobby since the month geocaching was invented .
He incorporated as Grounded , Inc .
Some moves were immediately controversial .
Early on , when geocaching was still smaller than the older hobby of Letterboxing , Irish made an attempt to absorb Letterboxing into the geocaching .com Web site .
The move was resisted by other members of the gpsstash mailing list .
Eventually , Irish gave up trying to take over Web services for Letterboxing .
Another controversial move was the monopoly control Irish unilaterally imposed over the database of cache locations , refusing to provide the full list to anyone .
Criticisms of his actions on the original gpsstash mailing list were met with the establishment of his own mailing list hosted on his own geocaching .com site .
Ironically , Irish cited " moderation " of his own posts as a reason why he would no longer participate in geocaching discussions on the only geocaching mailing list at that time .
Censorship of posts would soon become a controversial matter on Irish 's own Web site .
In the meantime , of course , geocachers were busy hiding and finding geocaches in an ever growing number of countries .
That brings us to the end of 2000 , just a short 8 months after the invention of the hobby .
The great controversies still lay in the future : pin maps and copyright and the Planet of the Apes commercial caches and censorship of the Creator of Geocaching and pay - to - play members - only caches .
And how Dave Ulmer and Navicache and Robin Lovelock became words that you dare not utter on geocaching .com .
The first recorded instance of a geocaching get - together ( now known as an event cache ) was held in Austin , Texas , on March 24 , 2001 .
It was hosted by Eoghan and Pumpkin Princess .
The " hide " date was set as the actual date of the event ( which became standard practice ) and the meeting location coordinates were used for the " cache coordinates " .
About this time , a geocacher in New York state by the name of Quinn set up a regional geocaching Web site named Navicache .
Reportedly , Jeremy Irish threatened a lawsuit unless Quinn 's site delete use of the word geocaching , presumably because of Irish 's trademark application .
Quinn resisted and instead turned Navicache.com into a full - fledged geocaching resource , adding cache listings .
Navicache.com became the largest alternative database of cache listings .
A geocacher in California named Ed Hall ( aka Buxley ) created online maps showing the locations of geocaches .
Rather than welcome Buxley 's contribution towards promoting the new sport of geocaching , in May , 2001 , Jeremy Irish threatened legal action unless Buxley add a copyright notice to his maps stating " Geocaching Data Copyright 2001 Grounded , Inc . "
Irish also removed the link to Buxley 's Web pages from geocaching .com and announced the release of his own basic mapping capability .
The incident received widespread attention when it was reported in a Slashdot article .
In May , 2001 , Irish extended geocaching .
com 's business model more directly into the pay - to - play world , despite a pledge to keep the game " free " and " non-commercial . "
Besides the banner ads , clothing sales , and sales of geocaching log books , bumper stickers , decals , etc. , he now introduced " members - only caches " and fee - based hitchhiker logging .
The members - only caches were accessible only to those who paid a $ 30 / year membership fee .
Likewise , the ability to track the movements of hitchhikers , aka Travel Bugs ( TM ) , using the site 's own logging system , was available only to those who paid Irish $ 5.95 per hitchhiker ( informal , home - grown methods of tracking one 's hitchhikers remained free , of course ) .
These moves upset some geocachers , but others defended Irish and the new pay - to - play schemes became firmly established .
By mid-2003 , geocaching.com had over 150,000 registered users , including an estimated 7,200 paid subscribers at $ 30 per year .
Besides the earlier established Navicache.com , another full - featured geocaching site emerged in reaction to geocaching .
com 's increased commercialization and monopolistic control over the hobby .
GeocachingWorldwide was developed by an Australian geocacher , Jeremy Hurst , interested in developing a system whereby multiple Web sites would share data about geocache coordinates .
Sites would be free to compete on features , not the geocache data contributed by geocachers themselves .
Despite a promising beginning , demands on the Webmaster 's time by work and family prevented continued development and activity at GeocachingWorldwide ceased in late 2001 .
Geocaching .com 's reaction to new geocaching Web sites was to censor the mention of their names in the geocaching .com forums .
This censorship led to the establishment of a USENET newsgroup , alt.rec.geocaching , a forum uncensorable not only by Irish , but by any geocacher or geocaching organization .
A fourth full - featured geocaching Web site , GeoGamer.com ( no longer in existence ) , emerged from nowhere in June , 2002 .
Its developers openly presented it as a commercial geocaching site , which ironically triggered critical postings in the geocaching .com forums against commercial geocaching Web sites .
However , after a brief spate of messages to the GeoGamer forums , there was no further activity at GeoGamer.com .
Not all the controversies in geocaching were over the monopolistic practices of Irish and Grounded , Inc .
Ironically , one of the most bitter dealt with a single geocacher and his use of the hobby to promote his own GPS - related business .
Robin Lovelock , of the UK , created many caches near his own home , leaving his business card and a CD - ROM of his software in each .
This combination of cache density and personal advertising irritated other geocachers to the point where some of Robin Lovelock 's caches were plundered and his name became unmentionable in the UK forums on geocaching .com .
As of early 2006 , many Web sites had emerged that listed geocache listings .
Some of these had short lives , some had staying power .
The known sites ( with the date they began accepting geocache listings ) :
If you have other geocaching history to contribute to this brief look at the origins of the hobby , I would be pleased to add it .
Email me at Scout@GPSgames.org .
Another reference to the early history of geocaching can be found at Kimbo's Geocache Page
Addenda ...
from Tony O
date Nov 16 , 2010
Recently there 's been a bit of a buzz about opencaching .us .
I 've posted a few caches there , and they have quite a few more cache types than the groundspeak's .
The innovative dead drop cache is great , and I am publishing one soon .
It is unique to that site .
Opencaching does not encourage cross posting of cache listings , but allows it ; they will publish the link to other caching sites as a courtesy to those users who have accounts there .
Groundspeak , of course , does not allow either .
According to a new exposé by the Texas Observer , Repent set out earlier this year to destroy a discreet club of swingers they discovered in town .
On New Years eve , the harassment began , with Repent members , almost exclusively young men , showing up in military fatigues and bullhorns , blaring Christian music at the swingers ’ club building .
The swingers , made up of “ regulars ” of middle aged , working class couples , were then stalked at every following visit to the club .
Repent not only took video of each member , but obtained the swingers ’ license plates and dug through their trash , informing neighbors and coworkers of what was once private
I have the overwhelming feeling that if I did this I 'd be getting my ass kicked and then arrested and then sued .
Here 's their pathtic website Check this :
Notice :
This site is not designed for non-christians ,
It is designed as a recruitment tool to call certain Christians to spiritual warfare , If you are not a Christian and you want to know more about becoming a Christian consider the following Links as resources .
While some of them support our efforts , and some may not , it is not about us and it is not about them .
It is about Jesus Christ .
If you do make the journey over to their site , note the little white flecks floating all over it .
I imagine its methamphetamines .
Also check out their Spiritual Warfare Map .
I got news for crackheads like these :
I am never going to worship your god and nothing you can do will make me .
I am never going to your damned churches .
I am never going to view you as anything but knuckle - dragging 12 - century throwbacks and dimwitted brownshirts with inadequate psyches and tiny dicks .
Where , exactly , are the cops when one actually needs them ?
Chasing potsmokers , I suppose .
Update [ 2010 - 3- 5 21:52:0 by xxdr zombiexx ] : From kalmoth
Trying to make a Debian package and host it on S3 is and should be easy .
But finding up to date examples and docs has n’t been .
So , to save the next person some effort , here are some tools and ways to go about building your own Debian package , signing it , and hosting it on S3 such that it can be …
On April 26 Canadian author Peter Watts was sentenced to a 60 - day jail term suspended upon payment of court assessments — $ 68 state minimum costs , $ 60 victim rights , $ 1000 court costs and $ 500 fines , according to the St. Clair County Court database .
This past March 19 a jury found Watts guilty of violating Michigan state law Section 750.81d “ Assaulting , battering , resisting , obstructing , opposing person performing duty . ”
Watts had gone into the morning prepared for the worst after seeing the prosecutor ’s sentencing recommendation .
According to the Port Huron Times Herald :
Information [ in ] his online court record shows the recommended sentence is 180 days in jail with credit for one day served and 60 days suspended upon payment of $ 1,600 in fines and costs .
A jury found Watts guilty of refusing to comply with orders during a random inspection at the bridge .
An officer testified at trial that Watts tried to choke him .
Watts posted his reaction over the weekend before heading for Port Huron for this morning ’s hearing :
After receiving some very positive indications from the Prosecution earlier this week — she was n’t going to push for jail time , she doubted the judge would hand any out , the guy writing the presentencing recommendations was “ very mild ” —
I ’ve just been hit with a presentencing report that recommends jail time .
Four to six months of it ….
Of course , in a rational system this would have ended the moment the Feds decided not to press charges .
In this system , there ’s now a significant chance that I go into Port Huron on the 26th and simply do n’t come out again .
I ’ve therefore been running around for the past couple of days making arrangements for the paying of bills and the feeding of cats should I go dark .
Fortunately , he has avoided the worst case scenario and hopefully is on his way home .
The Archdiocese of Washington has been battling the D.C. government for the right to discriminate against gays and lesbians since D.C. ’s same - sex marriage legislation got rolling last year .
One major point of contention :
Once gays and lesbians are allowed to marry , the Archdiocese — - which employs plenty of locals through Catholic Charities — - will be required to provide health benefits to same - sex spouses , an act which it says would fly in the face of the Catholic church ’s teachings on homosexuality .
The solution ?
No spousal benefits for anybody .
Today , Catholic Charities President and CEO Edward Orzechowski sent out a memo to staffers informing them of the change to the health care coverage , which will go into effect tomorrow .
In short :
If you and your spouse are already enrolled in Catholic Charities health coverage , your spouse will be grandfathered in .
Starting tomorrow , however , new employees ( or newly married employees , hint hint ) will not be allowed to add spouses to the plan .
So : Longtime employees will receive the spousal benefits they ’ve always had ; Catholic Charities will get to keep its pool of covered spouses gay - free ; only fresh employees and gays will feel the sting on this one .
Here ’s the memo :
I am writing to you to inform you of an important change to our group health care benefit plan that will take effect on March 2 , 2010 due to a change in the law of the District of Columbia .
It is important to note that the existing health coverage of current employees will not be affected by the change .
New employees and current employees requesting revisions in benefit coverage will be affected by this change .
Catholic Charities will continue to honor the health plan coverage that current employees have as of March 1 , 2010 .
As of March 2 , a new plan will be in effect that will cover new employees and requests for benefit changes by current employees .
The new plan will provide the same level of coverage for employees and their dependents that you now have , with one exception : spouses not in the plan as of March 1 , will not be eligible for coverage in the future .
If your spouse currently has coverage in our Plan , he / she may continue to be covered by the health benefit plan , even if you later add a dependent or decide to change your option level ( e.g. , change from low option to high option ) .
Please see the attached formal Plan Amendment .
We sincerely regret that we have to make this change , but it is necessary to allow Catholic Charities to continue to provide essential services to the clients we serve in partnership with the District of Columbia while remaining consistent with the tenets of our religious faith .
A summary of the Plan modification has been mailed to you at your home address .
If you have any questions on this matter , please e-mail your Human Resources manager or , if you do not have access to email , call .
Please remember , this change does not impact your current coverage in any way .
Thank you for your understanding in this matter , and let me again express my appreciation for your support and patience over these past months as we have worked hard to arrive at a decision that allows us to continue to serve others in a manner that is consistent with our religious beliefs .
Photo by Darrow Montgomery
The most valuable player is supposed to be the player who is deemed to be most valuable to a team 's success .
More often than not , this player is the one who puts up the most points .
But what if you threw away individual statistics like goals and assists ?
What if you looked at how a team plays without a certain player in their lineup ?
How much of a hit does their record take if someone is subtracted ?
Or , in some cases , how much better is a team without a specific player ?
Silver Seven looks at the Ottawa Senators ' record with and without each player and comes to some conclusions on who the most ( and the least ) valuable players are .
The Most Valuable Players
Zack Smith GP W L T PTS WIN % PTS % P/GP P/82 In Lineup 15 10 4 1 21 .687 .700 1.40 115 Not in Lineup 67 34 28 5 73 .507 .545 1.09 89
Zack Smith is a fourth - liner .
He rarely plays more than eight minutes per game , and has only three points in 15 games .
But , when Smith plays , the team tends to win .
The 10 - 4 - 1 record the Senators have when Smith plays is superb , but what 's really startling about Z. Smith is that the team was 0 - 3 in his first three games .
From January 14 onward , the Senators were 10 - 1 - 1 when Zack Smith dressed .
That one regulation loss was in the final game of the season .
He 's a hard - working player who makes his presence known every time he's on the ice .
He does everything that 's asked of him , and his reliability means that other players can focus on what they do best .
Chris Campoli GP W L T PTS WIN % PTS % P/GP P/82 In Lineup 67 41 21 5 87 .612 .649 1.30 106 Not in Lineup 15 3 11 1 7 .200 .233 0.47 38
Simply put , the difference between the Senators ' record with Chris Campoli and without Chris Campoli is unbelievable .
With Campoli , the Senators are 41 - 21 - 5 team .
Without , they 're 3 - 11 - 1. 93 % of the Senators ' points on the year came in the 67 games he played .
When he's in the lineup , they 're a 106 - point team .
Without him , they 're a 38 - point team .
For reference , the 1993 - 94 Senators - who had 10 fewer wins than any other team in the NHL - had 37 points .
Jonathan Cheechoo GP W L T PTS WIN % PTS % P/GP P/82 In Lineup 61 35 22 4 74 .574 .607 1.21 99 Not in Lineup 21 9 10 2 20 .429 .476 0.95 78
The numbers for Cheechoo are baffling at first when you consider his limited offensive output ( 14 points in 61 games , as many goals as he had hat tricks in 2005 - 06 ) , but the win-loss record has less to do with Cheechoo and more to do with being sent down at the end of the 11 - game win streak and missing the subsequent post -Olympic collapse .
By all accounts he 's a very likable guy and an excellent teammate , but the Senators ' success with him in the lineup likely has little to do with Cheechoo himself .
The Least Valuable Players
Brian Lee GP W L T PTS WIN % PTS % P/GP P/82 In Lineup 23 10 11 2 22 .435 .478 0.96 78 Not in Lineup 59 34 21 4 72 .576 .610 1.22 100
Brian
Lee is everyone 's favourite whipping boy .
Drafted 9th - overall in 2005 ( ahead of Anze Kopitar , Marc Staal , and Paul Stastny ) , Lee never lived up to the expectations that come along with being a high pick .
Lee and Matt Cullen are the only two Senators with below .500 records when in the lineup , except Lee 's record is a sampling of a few games at a time throughout the season , while Cullen only played the final 21 games .
Is being listed as one of the least valuable players fair ?
Yes and no .
This year 's team defined streaky , so you can't fault Lee for occasionally hitting the anti-jackpot and getting thrown into a slump that was in no way his fault .
That said , he has n't played at the level necessary to stay with an NHL team , and therefore has n't done much to help the Senators win .
Milan MIchalek GP W L T PTS WIN % PTS % P/GP P/82 In Lineup 66 33 27 6 72 .500 .545 1.09 89 Not in Lineup 16 11 5 0 22 .688 .688 1.38 113
Milan Michalek has the misfortune of having played injured , so he has n't been able to play at the top of his game in months , and Michalek needs to be healthy to be effective .
His game is all about speed , and injuries like ACL tears dramatically hinder speed .
I do n't think Michalek has as negative an impact on the team as the numbers suggest , but the Senators ' record without him in the lineup does bode well for the remainder of the postseason .
This is especially if Peter Regin continues to make a case for staying in Michalek 's spot on the top line .
Expect Michalek to rebound nicely next season , assuming he can stay healthy .
Ryan Shannon GP W L T PTS WIN % PTS % P/GP P/82 In Lineup 66 33 29 4 70 .500 .530 1.06 87 Not in Lineup 16 11 3 2 24 .688 .750 1.50 123
Finally , Ryan Shannon .
He 's had a poor year statistically , scoring 5 fewer points in 31 more games than last season , and when he dresses he seems to get benched far too often .
It feels like he 's always a healthy scratch , yet he played 66 games .
He and Shean Donovan always seem to get passed over for a roster spot so that one of the kids ( like Z. Smith ) can get some playing time in .
But the fact is , Shannon has n't brought enough to the table this season to warrant staying in the lineup , and the team 's record without him says everything .
He is , for all intents and purposes , the least valuable player on the 2009 - 10 Ottawa Senators .
But congratulations on that new contract , Ryan .
Ottawa Senators record when players are in and out of the lineup :
In ancient times , people with exceptional vision discovered that one of the brightest stars in the Big Dipper was , in fact , two stars so close together that most people cannot distinguish them .
The two stars , Alcor and Mizar , were the first binary stars -- a pair of stars that orbit each other -- ever known .
Modern telescopes have since found that Mizar is itself a pair of binaries , revealing what was once thought of as a single star to be four stars orbiting each other .
Alcor has been sometimes considered a fifth member of the system , orbiting far away from the Mizar quadruplet .
Now , an astronomer at the University of Rochester and his colleagues have made the surprise discovery that Alcor is also actually two stars , and is apparently gravitationally bound to the Mizar system , making the whole group a sextuplet .
This would make the Mizar - Alcor sextuplet the second - nearest such system known .
The discovery is especially surprising because Alcor is one of the most studied stars in the sky .
" Finding that Alcor had a stellar companion was a bit of serendipity , " says Eric Mamajek , assistant professor of physics and astronomy at the University of Rochester , and leader of the team that found the star .
" We were trying a new method of planet hunting and instead of finding a planet orbiting Alcor , we found a star . "
Mamajek says that a separate group of scientists , led by Ben Oppenheimer of the American Natural History Museum , has also just found that the Alcor companion is physically associated with the star .
That group has also recorded a rough spectrum of the star , which Mamajek says confirms his prediction that the companion is a cool and dim M - class dwarf star .
Mamajek and colleagues at the University of Arizona used the Multiple Mirror Telescope in Arizona , which has a secondary mirror capable of flexing slightly to compensate for the twinkling the Earth 's atmosphere normally imparts to starlight .
With the clearest images he could obtain of nearby stars , Mamajek 's team used computer algorithms to remove as much glare as possible from the image of a star in the hopes of spotting a planet near the star .
Planets are so much dimmer than their parent stars that spotting one is like trying to discern a firefly next to a spotlight from several miles away , says Mamajek .
Though Mamajek was unable to find any planets in the first group of stars he surveyed , he did stumble across the tiny star hidden in the glare of Alcor .
Not only did Mamajek 's project reveal the image of the star , but its presence was able to explain slight deviations in movement that scientists had noticed in Alcor .
In addition , Mamajek estimates that the small companion star is likely a third as massive as our sun , and explains why astronomers have detected unexpectedly high levels of X - rays coming from Alcor -- dwarf stars naturally radiate high levels of X - rays .
" It 's pretty exciting to have found a companion to this particular star , " says Mamajek .
" Alcor and Mizar were n't just the first known binaries -- the four stars that were once thought to be the single Mizar were discovered in lots of ' firsts ' throughout history . "
Benedetto Castelli , Galileo's protege and collaborator , first observed with a telescope that Mizar was not a single star in 1617 , and Galileo observed it a week after hearing about this from Castelli , and noted it in his notebooks , says Mamajek .
Those two stars , called Mizar A and Mizar B , together with Alcor , in 1857 became the first binary stars ever photographed through a telescope .
In 1890 , Mizar A was discovered to itself be a binary , being the first binary to be discovered using spectroscopy .
In 1908 , spectroscopy revealed that Mizar B was also a pair of stars , making the group the first - known quintuple star system .
Mamajek says some astronomers have raised the question of whether Alcor is truly a part of the system made up of the Mizar group of stars because Alcor 's motion is n't what scientists would expect it to be if it were gravitationally connected to the Mizar group .
Mamajek says that indeed Alcor is part of the same system , and that the influence of Alcor 's newly discovered companion is partly responsible for Alcor 's unexpected motion .
Mamajek is continuing his efforts to find planets around nearby stars , but his attention is not completely off Alcor and Mizar .
" You see how the disk of Alcor B does n't seem perfectly round ? " says Mamajek , pointing toward an image of Alcor and its new companion .
" Some of us have a feeling that Alcor might actually have another surprise in store for us . "
2 most likely makes this a moot point .
Asus hosted an overclocking competition this past weekend and invited us out to see XtremeSystems , OC Alliance , and Team PURE vie for top honors and performance world records on both LGA1366 and 1156 .
I 've got experience working with single - stage phase changers , which use air - conditioner compressors to cool a CPU down to roughly - 50C , but liquid nitrogen - fueled overclocking is an altogether different kettle of fish .
It 's also firmly in the " do n't try this at home " , although the price of LNmost likely makes this a moot point .
The Rampage III board here is being prepped for subzero overclocking .
The substance being applied is kneaded eraser .
I 've used mastic tape for the same purpose , but kneaded eraser is easier to apply , can be shaped to fit around socket components , and is less likely to contain small gaps that allow condensation to penetrate down to the motherboard .
Mastic tape , quite frankly , is a pain in the butt to work with — imagine trying to seal the various nooks and crannies of a motherboard using thin , relatively narrow strips of tar that latch on to any surface they touch , fuse with previous stripes , resist cutting , and stretch .
God help you if you actually plan to reverse the modification ; mastic tape does n't come off easy .
The compound can be dissolved , but only if you 're willing to invest in a lot of lighter fluid .
There are other ways to seal motherboards ( neoprene and sealant solutions are also used ) , but the idea of a superior solution that uses inexpensive art supplies caught my eye .
Low - temperature overclockers are generally the only people who go to the trouble of sealing a motherboard , but they are n't the only group that could benefit from the practice .
While there 's no need to seal a water - cooled motherboard ( unless you 've integrated a chiller unit ) , doing so could provide additional insurance against the possibility of a random leak destroying an awful lot of expensive equipment .
By the time the team was finished , the Rampage III was entirely covered with but the PCI Express slots and RAM visible .
2 canisters and a liquid nitrogen pot sitting on a motherboard .
Overclockers pour the LN 2 into the pot where it quickly evaporates , carrying away the excess heat of the CPU .
The initial evaporation is visually impressive ( seen below , but caught on a different system with a different pot ) .
As we 've noted , single - stage phase - changers can take a CPU to - 50 C or so without a problem ; liquid nitrogen can lower the processor temperature down to ~-120C or lower depending on the scenario .
If that 's not enough , liquid helium , with its evaporation point of - 269C , is sometimes used .
AMD
Here we 've got the full - sized LNcanisters and a liquid nitrogen pot sitting on a motherboard .
Overclockers pour the LNinto the pot where it quickly evaporates , carrying away the excess heat of the CPU .
The initial evaporation is visually impressive ( seen below , but caught on a different system with a different pot ) .
As we 've noted , single - stage phase - changers can take a CPU to - 50 C or so without a problem ; liquid nitrogen can lower the processor temperature down to ~-120C or lower depending on the scenario .
If that 's not enough , liquid helium , with its evaporation point of - 269C , is sometimes used .
AMD hosted a liquid helium event last year that yielded the still - standing record for fastest Phenom II overclock at 6.89GHz , but unlike liquid nitrogen , liquid helium can be dangerous .
As it evaporates it builds up in the atmosphere of a room ( usually right around head level ) , which tends to have negative effects on those of us who breathe oxygen .
Adequate ventilation ( or a team of overclocking midgets ) are required if you want to play with fluids whose evaporation temperatures are easily expressed in terms of absolute zero .
It 's impressive AND it 's frozen .
Two for one deal .
It 's impressive AND it 's frozen .
Two for one deal .
Asus ' dual 5870 " Ares " video card ...
Some of you had a hard time seeing the card outline in our article ; we 've included an outline that should help .
Before the 1996 Telecommunications
Act , you could n't port your phone number if you changed providers .
That was clearly problematic for a lot of reasons .
The same problem exists today in the payment processing world .
The majority of providers will not allow merchants to port the credit card data stored on a merchant 's behalf .
This limitation can put a merchant in a real bind .
To try and help address this problem , we created a Credit Card Data Portability initiative ( press release ) .
It 's an opt - in community of payment providers that agree to allow a merchant to port credit card and other associated information if the merchant ever decides to move to another provider .
We hope other like - minded providers will join us and participate .
Providers can maintain the Credit Card Data Portability logo on their website to demonstrate participation .
Providers are encouraged to make any terms and conditions available .
We 've included a recommended data transfer approach to ensure that any data transfer is both secure and in compliance with the PCI Standard .
We think this is positive step in the payments industry that will help eliminate vendor lock - in and promote free market principles of fair competition .
If you 'd like to discuss Credit Card Data Portability , we invite to join the Credit Card Data Portability Google Group .
Editor 's note : Alan Weisman is the author of " The World Without Us , " an international bestseller now in 33 languages .
It was named the Best Nonfiction Book of 2007 by both Time magazine and Entertainment Weekly , the # 1 Nonfiction Audiobook of 2007 by iTunes , and a finalist for the National Book Critics Circle Award in nonfiction .
See http://www.worldwithoutus.com/
( CNN ) --
One endless June afternoon a decade ago , I drove along southern Iceland 's Highway One , past the weak spot in the planetary crust whose rupture recently brought air traffic in Europe to an ashen standstill .
It was summer solstice , a day when the sun lolled at the horizon but never set , turning to crimson the basalt cliffs that face the Atlantic .
From countless crags along their length gushed great arcs of water , pressured from above by a weight draped over a hundred square kilometers like a huge slab of white cake frosting : the 200 - meter - thick Eyjafjallajokull glacier .
Between the coastal cliffs and the ice lay a band of green slopes , five kilometers wide , interspersed with fjords and valleys that held clusters of farmhouses and barns with red metal roofs , their shining silos and occasional church steeples pointed toward the immense glacier hovering overhead .
The air , brilliantly clear , resounded with terns , orange - billed oystercatchers , petrels , whimbrels and musical wagtails .
At 8 in the evening , farmers in overalls were still out haying , their pale hair aflame in the suspended daylight .
I saw a string of 10 riders on buckskin and dun mounts , forelegs lifted in the extra - high gait unique to Icelandic horses , making them appear to be swimming through the deep green ribbon at the glacier 's edge .
That extended , gilded moment was as perfect a definition of beauty on Earth as I have known .
It remains indelible , even though over the past week , much of what I saw was swept away as Eyjafjallajokull 's erupting volcano melted a gaping hole in its ice cap , flooding what lay below .
A big clue as to why that happened can be found an hour 's drive to the west , halfway between Eyjafjallajokull and Iceland 's capital , Reykjavik , in a broad valley with a sharp cleft down its middle .
That place , Thingvellir , is so famous in Icelandic history that practically no signs announce it , because everyone knows what and where it is .
In A.D. 930 , more than a thousand years after the decline of ancient Greece , Thingvellir was where Western democracy was reborn .
By coincidence -- or maybe not -- the spot where the Norsk settlers who made up the island 's infant society chose to convene their first parliament is one of the few places on the Earth 's surface where the geologic action that defines our planet 's land and seas is visible .
Here , astride the Mid-Atlantic Ridge , the North American and Eurasian plates pull away from each other .
Perhaps 20 million years ago , this wrenching forced an upwelling of hot rock to rise through the ocean , and Iceland was formed .
Thingvellir 's rift valley floor is scored with cracks and fissures ; at one point , a lava escarpment that is the eastern edge of North America towers 30 meters higher than the western edge of Europe .
The continents are currently recoiling from each other at a clip of two centimeters per year , a process that daily releases clouds of geothermic steam and sends geysers skyward -- and , sometimes , molten magma and volcanic ash .
Of course , the farmers who gathered in this shattered young landscape more than a millennium ago to lay down terms for civilization had no inkling that to the west lay an entire New World , where their democratic example would one day be magnified until it forged the philosophical basis for the most powerful country the planet has ever seen .
Both Iceland and the United States exalt democracy as a social achievement worthy of lasting an eternity .
Yet the latter 's unprecedented strength has derived not just from enlightened government , but from the release of its own hot clouds : exhaust from its vast industries , fleets and mechanized agriculture .
As we have learned , these gases form an invisible barrier that , like a greenhouse 's glass ceiling , keeps reflected heat of the sun from escaping our atmosphere .
The denser that gaseous barrier grows , the hotter things get and the faster glaciers melt .
As they flow off the land , we are warned , seas rise .
Yet something else is lately worrying geologists : the likelihood that the Earth 's crust , relieved of so much formidable weight of ice borne for many thousands of years , has begun to stretch and rebound .
As it does , a volcano awakens in Iceland ( with another , larger and adjacent to still - erupting Eyjafjallajokull , threatening to detonate next ) .
The Earth shudders in Haiti .
Then Chile .
Then western China .
Mexicali-Calexico .
The Solomon Islands .
Spain .
New Guinea .
And those are just the big ones , 6 + on the Richter scale , and just in 2010 .
And it 's only April .
It 's looking like this may be a long decade .
And if we do n't pull carbon out of the way we energize our lives soon , a small clump of our not - too - distant surviving descendants may find themselves , as Gaia scientist James Lovelock has direly predicted , like the first Icelanders : gathered on some near - barren hunk of rock near one of the still - habitable poles , trying yet anew to eke out a plan for human civilization .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alan Weisman .
The University of Wisconsin- Madison has long been recognized as a center for interdisciplinary studies related to law and legal institutions .
The Center for Law , Society , and Justice ( CLSJ ) is the organizational home for academic programs related to law and legal institutions , other than the programs offered by the University of Wisconsin Law School .
College administrators stress that the sanctioning in disciplinary matters reflects the mission of higher education .
Proceedings are n’t meant to punish students , but rather to teach them .
“ We ’d like to think that we can always educate and hold accountable the student , ” says Pamela Freeman , associate dean of students at Indiana University .
IU officials defended suspending Margaux ’s alleged attacker as , in effect , a teachable moment , according to interviews with the Center and documents from a federal investigation into the school ’s handling of the case .
I 've been waiting to blog about the second series of articles about college sexual assaults released a week and a half ago by the Center For Public Integrity until I could read this series and put all my thoughts together .
I blogged about the first series in Dec. of 2009 .
Here are links to the latest set : A Lack of Consequences for Sexual Assault Lax Enforcement of Title IX in Sexual Assault Cases , and ‘ Undetected Rapists ’ on Campus : A Troubling Plague of Repeat Offenders I prefaced the title of this post with clueless because this seems to describe most college and university administrators when it comes to how they handle reports of sexual violence against their students .
Colleges and universities are supposed to be about learning but many of those who handle reports of sexual violence seem to be determined to stick to ignorance and institutional self - protection .
This is intentional incompetence .
Too often those charged with responding to reports of rapes do nothing meaningful because most rape cases involving students are " complex . "
What I have to say about that response is , " Excuse me ?
Institutions of higher learning cannot handle anything complex ?
" No wonder so many rapists can be classified as undetected rapists
One of the universities discussed is the University of Wisconsin - Madison which according to their website should have the ability to deal with complex issues :
If colleges and universities can teach this stuff why is practicing it seemingly insurmountable ?
The most common excuse seemed to be that disciplinary hearings are not criminal trials , but that is an excuse .
Study of the law includes civil proceedings .
Too often according to the Center for Public Integrity investigation , those charged with handling reported sexual assault will abandon their inquiry if the student accused denies committing a sexual offense .
When this happens there was no actual investigation .
Same goes when the inquiry ends because of alcohol consumption .
Many organizations do only the minimum amount for their organization to stay out of trouble and to protect themselves .
The article on Lax Enforcement of Title IX in Sexual Assault Cases shows that many of the rules are treated by the federal government like nothing more than suggestions .
One of the biggest areas of concern for me is the handling of sexual violence against students who had been drinking since this is where denial and victim blaming really flourish .
A drinking rape victim is often viewed more negatively than a drinking rapist .
In the reports , several college officials make statements which indicate that they view some or all of these sexual assaults as lesser offenses or simply as relationship disputes .
This dismisses the very real trauma these student victims experience .
This also communicates to rapists that they have been effectively been given a free pass to do whatever sex crime they want as long as they select victims who are n't sober .
Colleges which have been unable to determine ( in their own assessment of a case ) whether there was a sexual assault or not have sanctioned those who reported being raped as if , " We do n't know what happened , " is equal to , " We know no sexual offense occurred .
"
We understand that being shot with a handgun is n't something which should be dismissed as a relationship issue or ignored for months if both the shooter and the shootee had been drinking first and we understand the importance of needing to know promptly if a drunken student can get to the point of shooting at fellow students , but many people seem to lose their ability to think logically when the attack is sexual .
The systems of response at many colleges make reporting seem futile at best which works directly against detecting undetected rapists .
This helps explain why there is such a massive gap between college sexual assault reporting statistics and research based on victimization and perpetration surveys .
Another area of ignorance is the idea that the personal manner of the student accused can determine whether that student was or is a threat .
Several of the college officials describe accused students who took responsibility for their actions as if that is a fix .
Yet the investigation shows several of those students now claim to be completely innocent and disavow incriminating statements they made while they were students .
So much for having taken genuine responsibility .
These college officials seem to be ignorant that many rapists complete their sexual assaults by manipulating others into trusting them when they are not at all trustworthy .
The same skills these rapists use on their targets prior to the assault are used when those rapists are dealing with a sexual assault inquiry .
The difference is that their original targets did n't have the same information available to them to help them make an informed assessment .
The biggest area of cluelessness seems to be in the responsibility the college or university has toward victims of sexual violence -- including those whose reports do n't end with a ruling of guilt against the student who committed sexual assault .
The responsibility to student rape victims must include those whose reports ended up in limbo .
It seems that most colleges use a binary system in their disciplinary hearings when they need to have a tertiary system where the third outcome is labeled as indeterminate .
When this is the assessment or the assessment is that what happened was a misunderstanding which does n't rise to the level of a violence of student conduct policies there needs to be full services given to the student who reported and protective restrictions placed on the accused student which will protect the person who reported and which will protect other students from a possible serial sex criminal or someone who serially misunderstands others lack of consent .
Beyond no contact with the student who filed the report , the accused student should be banned from any sexual activity with any student under the influence of alcohol or any other intoxicating substance and banned from group sexual activity .
If any of these restrictions are violated then that should result in an automatic expulsion .
From the first in this series :
If colleges give light sentences to rapists they are teaching those rapists , but what they are teaching them is that rape is n't that big of an offense .
Administrators are not only teaching those rapists , they are teaching other rapists and they are teaching rape victims that teaching rapists without major practical consequences is a higher priority than ensuring the safety and recovery of rape victims and ensuring that other students are protected from known sex offenders .
Many administrators of institutions of higher learning seem to be in need of their own teachable moment .
If they refuse to learn lessons which help reduce violence against their students they should face serious consequences .
Labels : research , Violence Against Women
We are a couple who work in South Wales on a mix of designs varying from graphics and web to pattern and illustration , this blog is a post of our work and inspirational lovelies .
Hope you enjoy
This is a collection of things we like and things we have made
By Pallab Ghosh
Science correspondent , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Former Nasa astronauts who went to the Moon have told the BBC of their dismay at President Barack Obama 's decision to push back further Moon missions .
Jim Lovell , commander of the ill - fated Apollo 13 mission , said Mr Obama 's decision would have " catastrophic consequences " for US space exploration .
The last man on the Moon , Eugene Cernan , said it was " disappointing " .
Last month Mr Obama cancelled Nasa 's Constellation Moon landings programme , approved by ex-President George W Bush .
Nasa still aims to send astronauts back to the Moon , but it is likely to take decades and some believe that it will never happen again .
' Moral leadership '
The astronauts spoke to the BBC at a private event at the Royal Society in London on Friday organised by the Foundation for Science and Technology .
It will have catastrophic consequences in our ability to explore space and the spin - offs we get from space technology
Jim Lovell
Apollo 13 commander
Obama cancels
Moon return project
They were joined there by the first man on the Moon , Neil Armstrong .
As the last astronaut to return to the Apollo 17 lunar module in 1972 , Cernan was the last man to set foot on the Moon .
" I 'm quite disappointed that I 'm still the last man on the Moon , " he said .
" I thought we'd have gone back long before now . "
So why does he believe Americans should go back to the Moon ?
The proposed Ares - 1 rocket has been cancelled by Mr Obama " I think America has a responsibility to maintain its leadership in technology and its moral leadership ... to seek knowledge .
Curiosity 's the essence of human existence . "
It is a view shared by fellow Apollo Astronaut Jim Lovell , the heroic commander of Apollo 13 .
" Personally I think it will have catastrophic consequences in our ability to explore space and the spin - offs we get from space technology , " he said .
" They have n't thought through the consequences . "
Lunar dream alive Although Cernan and Lovell expressed their dismay with President Obama 's decision , Mr Armstrong tactfully avoided the subject .
When he set foot on the Moon in July 1969 , it seemed as if humanity would soon colonise other worlds .
By 1994 , when I interviewed him for the first time , he said : " The reality may have faded .
But the dream is still there and it will come back in time . "
But with the cancellation of Nasa 's Constellation programme to return Americans to the moon by 2020 , who is to inspire the next generation ?
Nasa still aims to send astronauts back to the Moon , using Nasa to provide incentives and oversight to the private sector for launch services .
It is likely to take some time , however .
Until then we will have the epic tales of Armstrong , Lovell , Cernan and the rest of the Apollo astronaut corps to remind us that all things are possible - and despite the current pause in human spaceflight to other worlds , the dream is still there .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
When picking out a solution for your central file server , there is of course many options .
None of them quite stack up to the ease of administration and redundancy , out of the box , as OpenSolaris and ZFS provide .
With ZFS you can build cheap storage arrays with disks of varying size and different levels of redundancy .
For this setup I 'm going to go with a basic raidz configuration using 4 x 1TB SATA drives .
A quick note on ZFS
For those of you aware of ZFS , you can probably go ahead and skip this section , but for those of you that do n't I 'll give a quick description of how things work in the ZFS world .
Instead of partitions and volumes , ZFS gives you pools and datasets .
The zpool command gives you control of your pools and zfs command gives you control over your datasets .
There is almost no limit to the amount of ZFS datasets you can create and you should n't be scared to create new ones for almost everything .
Each dataset created allows you to perform individual snapshots , set different share options ( iscsi , nfs , etc ) , apply quotas , compression , and even level of redundancy for those extra important files .
These datasets work in a hierarchical format , meaning that any subsets will inherit from their master .
Take a look at the below as an example .
$ pfexec zfs create tank / shares $ pfexec zfs set sharenfs=on tank / shares $ pfexec zfs create tank / shares / music
The dataset , tank / shares / music , will inherit the sharenfs=on option applied to tank / shares .
So it makes sense to create different levels of datasets .
Put like datasets inside the same master dataset to easily control options for them all .
Get your ZFS raidz on
Depending on the value of your data you may wish to consider raidz2 but I 'm going with the basic single parity raidz which allows for better write performance and is similar to a RAID - 5 configuration .
For more information on raidz you may wish to check out these RAIDZ configuration requirements and recommendations .
$ pfexec zpool create raidz tank c7d1 c8d0 c8d1 c10d1 $ zpool status tank pool : tank state : ONLINE status :
The pool is formatted using an older on - disk format .
The pool can still be used , but some features are unavailable .
action : Upgrade the pool using ' zpool upgrade ' .
Once this is done , the pool will no longer be accessible on older software versions .
scrub : none requested config : NAME STATE READ WRITE CKSUM tank ONLINE 0 0 0 raidz1- 0 ONLINE 0 0 0 c7d1 ONLINE 0 0 0 c8d0 ONLINE 0 0 0 c8d1 ONLINE 0 0 0 c10d1 ONLINE 0 0 0 errors :
No known data errors
Pro tip : iostat - En will give you a list of all your disks .
The first line creates the raidz pool called " tank " using the four disks ( c7d1 , c8d0 , c8d1 , c10d1 ) .
The second one gives you a nice overview of health for your new pool .
It will also tell you if you should upgrade your zpool to a newer version , which as you can see , needs to be done on my storage pool .
I created it awhile ago and have n't had the time to upgrade just yet .
The man pages for zpool and zfs provide a wealth of information and are good way to learn the ins and outs of maintaining a ZFS system .
NFS on ZFS
This is ridiculously easy to setup .
There 's no need for touching the exports file , especially since Solaris does not use /etc / exports as other Linux and BSD derivatives do .
The following will set you up with a basic export to the 192.168.1.0/24 network and provide read / write access .
$ pfexec zfs create -p tank / share / movies $ pfexec zfs set sharenfs='rw=192.168.1.0/24 ' tank / share $ zfs get -r sharenfs tank / share NAME PROPERTY VALUE SOURCE tank / share sharenfs rw=192.168.1.0/24 local tank / share / movies sharenfs rw=192.168.1.0/24 inherited from tank / share
For those of you wondering , -r means recursive and can be applied in many different zfs sub-commands .
If you need to disable root squashing ( not recommended ) you can do it per individual IP as follows :
$ pfexec zfs set sharenfs='rw=192.168.1.0/24,root=192.168.1.30/32 ' tank / share
This will only disable root squashing on 192.168.1.30 .
One final example , what if you need read only to a different network ?
$ pfexec zfs set sharenfs='rw=192.168.1.0/24,root=192.168.1.30/32,ro=10.0.0.0/8 ' tank / share
Final notes
The real beauty of ZFS is that there is so much control over your file system .
At first it may come off as confusing , but stick with it and you will appreciate an OpenSolaris file server over any Linux , * BSD , or Windows solution .
To take this a step further , check out serving up iSCSI targets from ZFS , and with the proper network configuration , you can use these targets for KVM virtualization .
Waters from warmer latitudes -- or subtropical waters -- are reaching Greenland 's glaciers , driving melting and likely triggering an acceleration of ice loss , reports a team of researchers led by Fiamma Straneo , a physical oceanographer from the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution ( WHOI ) .
" This is the first time we 've seen waters this warm in any of the fjords in Greenland , " says Straneo .
" The subtropical waters are flowing through the fjord very quickly , so they can transport heat and drive melting at the end of the glacier . "
Greenland 's ice sheet , which is two - miles thick and covers an area about the size of Mexico , has lost mass at an accelerated rate over the last decade .
The ice sheet 's contribution to sea level rise during that time frame doubled due to increased melting and , to a greater extent , the widespread acceleration of outlet glaciers around Greenland .
While melting due to warming air temperatures is a known event , scientists are just beginning to learn more about the ocean 's impact -- in particular , the influence of currents -- on the ice sheet .
" Among the mechanisms that we suspected might be triggering this acceleration are recent changes in ocean circulation in the North Atlantic , which are delivering larger amounts of subtropical waters to the high latitudes , " says Straneo .
But a lack of observations and measurements from Greenland 's glaciers prior to the acceleration made it difficult to confirm .
The research team , which included colleagues from University of Maine , conducted two extensive surveys during July and September of 2008 , collecting both ship - based and moored oceanographic data from Sermilik Fjord -- a large glacial fjord in East Greenland .
advertisement
Sermilik Fjord , which is 100 kilometers ( approximately 62 miles ) long , connects Helheim Glacier with the Irminger Sea .
In 2003 alone , Helheim Glacier retreated several kilometers and almost doubled its flow speed .
Deep inside the Sermilik Fjord , researchers found subtropical water as warm as 39 degrees Fahrenheit ( 4 degrees Celsius ) .
The team also reconstructed seasonal temperatures on the shelf using data collected by 19 hooded seals tagged with satellite - linked temperature depth - recorders .
The data revealed that the shelf waters warm from July to December , and that subtropical waters are present on the shelf year round .
" This is the first extensive survey of one of these fjords that shows us how these warm waters circulate and how vigorous the circulation is , " says Straneo .
" Changes in the large - scale ocean circulation of the North Atlantic are propagating to the glaciers very quickly -- not in a matter of years , but a matter of months .
It 's a very rapid communication . "
Straneo adds that the study highlights how little is known about ocean - glacier interactions , which is a connection not currently included in climate models .
" We need more continuous observations to fully understand how they work , and to be able to better predict sea - level rise in the future , " says Straneo .
The paper was chosen for advanced online publication Feb. 14 , 2010 , by Nature Geosciences ; it will also appear in the March 2010 printed edition of the journal .
Co-authors of the work include WHOI postdoc David Sutherland ( now of University of Washington ) , Gordon Hamilton and Leigh Stearns of the Climate Change Institute , University of Maine , Fraser Davidson and Garry Stenson of the Department of Fisheries and Oceans , St. John's , Newfoundland , Mike Hammill of the Department of Fisheries and Oceans , Mont - Joli , Quebec , and Aqqalu Rosing - Asvid of the Department of Birds and Mammals , Greenland Institute of Natural Resources .
Canadian and Greenlandic colleagues contributed valuable data on the shelf , from tagged seals .
Funding for this research was provided by the National Science Foundation , WHOI 's Ocean and Climate Change Institute Arctic Research Initiative , and NASA 's Cryosperic Sciences Program .
The history of gay politicians fighting as tribunes of homophobia and prejudice is so long and twisted and sad and awful that I do n’t really think I ’m in any position to judge .
But I ’ll give credit to state Senator Roy Ashburn ( R - Bakersfield ) , the anti-gay rights Republican who got picked up last week on a DUI after leaving a gay nightspot in Sacramento , for not pulling a Craig or a Haggard .
“ I ’m gay , ” he told a radio interviewer this morning .
“ Those are the words that have been so difficult for me for so long . ”
He explained his past voting record saying that ’s what his conservative constituents wanted .
Yesterday a friend of mine showed me a pretty entertaining Nissan commercial that I had n’t seen before .
Sure it has some drifting that ca n’t happen in a “ real ” Nissan SE - R , but it ’s entertainment , take it for what it is !
If you like cars , drifting , or 80 ’s metal , this video is a win .
Check it out .
" To sin by silence when they should protest makes cowards of men . "
- Abraham Lincoln
Everyone likes to say , " Hitler did this , " and " Hitler did that . "
But the truth is Hitler did very little .
He was a world class tyrant , but the evil actually done by the Third Reich , from the death camps to WWII , was all done by German citizens who were afraid to question if what they were told by their government was the truth or not , and who , because they did not want to admit to themselves that they were afraid to question the government , refused to see the truth behind the Reichstag Fire , refused to see the invasion by Poland was a staged fake , and followed Hitler into national disaster .
The German people of the late 1930s imagined themselves to be brave .
They saw themselves as the heroic Germans depicted by the Wagnerian Operas , the descendants of the fierce Germanic warriors who had hunted wild boar with nothing but spears and who had defeated three of Rome 's mightiest legions in the Tuetenberg Forest .
But in truth , by the 1930s , the German people had become civilized and tamed , culturally obsessed with fine details in both science and society .
Their self - image of bravery was both salve and slavery .
Germans were required to behave as if they were brave , even when they were not .
It 's easy to look back and realize what a jerk Hitler was .
But at the time , Hitler looked pretty good to the German people , with the help of the media .
He was TIME Magazine 's Man of the Year in 1938 .
The German people assumed they were safe from a tyrant .
They lived in a Republic , after all , with strict laws regarding what the government could , and more importantly , could not do .
Their leader was a devoutly religious man , and had even sung with the boy 's choir of a monastery in his youth .
The reality was that the German people , as individuals , had lost their courage .
The German government preferred it that way as a fearful people are easier to rule than a courageous one .
But the German people did n't wish to lose their self - image of courage .
So , when confronted with a situation demanding individual courage in the form of a government gone wrong , the German people simply pretended that the situation did not exist .
And in that simple self - deception
lay the ruin of an entire nation
and the coming of the Second World War .
When the Reichstag burned down , most Germans simply refused to believe suggestions that the fire had been staged by Hitler himself .
They were afraid to .
But so trapped were the Germans by their belief in their own bravery that they willed themselves to be blind to the evidence before their eyes so that they could nod in agreement with Der Fuhrer while still imagining themselves to have courage , even as they avoided the one situation which most required real courage ; to stand up to Hitler 's lies and deceptions .
When Hitler requested temporary extraordinary powers , powers specifically banned under German law , but powers Hitler claimed he needed to have to deal with the " terrorists " , the German people , having already sold their souls to their self - delusions , agreed .
The temporary powers were conferred , and once conferred lasted until Germany itself was destroyed .
When Hitler staged a phony invasion from Poland , the vast majority of the German people , their own self - image dependant on continuing blindness to Hitler 's deceptions , did not question why Poland would have done something so stupid , and found themselves in a war .
But Hitler knew he ruled a nation of cowards , and knew he had to spend the money to make the new war something cowards could fight and win .
He decorated his troops with regalia to make them proud of themselves , further trapping them in their self - image .
Hitler copied the parade regalia of ancient Rome to remind the Germans of the defeat of the legions at the Tuetenberg Forest .
Talismans were added from orthodox religions and the occult to fill the soldiers with delusions of mystical strengths and an afterlife if they fell in battle .
Finally , knowing that it takes courage to kill the enemy face to face , Hitler spent vast sums of money on his wonder weapons , airplanes , submarines , ultra - long range artillery , the world 's first cruise missile and the world 's first guided missile , weapons that could be used to kill at a distance so that those doing the killing need not have to face the reality of what they were doing .
The German people were lured into WWII not because they were brave , but because they were cowards who wanted to be seen as brave , and found that shooting long range weapons at people they could not see took less courage than standing up to Hitler .
Sent into battle by that false image of courage , the Germans were dependent on their wonder - weapons .
When the wonder - weapons stopped working , the Germans lost the war .
I remember as a child listening to the stories of WWII from my grandfather and my uncles who had served in Europe .
I wondered how the German people could have been so stupid as to have ever elected Hitler dog catcher , let alone leader of the nation .
Such is the clarity of historical hindsight .
And with that clarity ,
I see the exact same mechanism that Hitler used
at work here in this nation .
The American people imagine themselves to be brave .
They see themselves as the heroic Americans depicted by Western movies , the descendants of the fierce patriot warriors who had tamed the frontier and defeated the might of the British Empire .
But in truth , by the dawn of the third millennium , the American people have become civilized and tamed , culturally obsessed with fine details in both science and society .
Their self - image of bravery is both salve and slavery .
Americans are required to behave as if they are brave , even when they are not .
The American people assume they are safe .
They live in a Republic , after all , with strict laws regarding what the government can , and more importantly , cannot do .
Their leader is a devoutly religious man .
The reality is that the American people , as individuals , have lost their courage .
The government prefers it that way , as a fearful people are easier to rule than a courageous one .
But Americans do n't wish to lose their self - image of courage .
So , when confronted with a situation demanding courage to challenge a government gone wrong , the American people simply pretend that the situation does not exist .
Cherished illusions supercede hard reality .
When the World Trade Towers collapsed , most Americans simply refused to believe suggestions that the attacks had been staged by parties working for the U.S. Government itself .
Americans were afraid to , even as news reports surfaced proving that the U.S. Government had announced plans for the invasion of Afghanistan early in the year , plans into which the attacks on the World Trade Towers which angered the American people into support of the already - planned war fit entirely too conveniently .
But so trapped are Americans by their belief in their own bravery that they will themselves to be blind to the evidence before their eyes so that they can nod in agreement with the government while still imagining themselves to have courage , even as they avoid the one situation which most requires real courage ; to stand up to the government 's lies and deceptions .
The vast majority of the American people , their own self - image dependant on continuing blindness to the government 's deceptions , never question why Afghanistan would have done something so stupid as to attack the United States , and as a result , Americans find themselves in a war .
Now the U.S. Government has requested temporary extraordinary powers , powers specifically banned under Constitutional law , but powers the government is claiming they need to have to deal with the " terrorists " .
The American people , having already sold their souls to their self - delusions , are agreeing .
The temporary powers recently conferred will be no more temporary in America than they were in Germany .
The U.S. Government knows they rule a nation of cowards .
The government has had to spend the money to make the new war something cowards can fight .
The government has decorated the troops with regalia to make them proud of themselves , further trapping them in their self - image .
Talismans are added from orthodox religions and the occult to fill the soldiers with delusions of mystical strengths and an afterlife if they fall in battle .
Finally , knowing that it takes courage to kill the enemy face to face , the United States government has spent vast sums of money on wonder weapons , airplanes , submarines , ultra - long range artillery , cruise missiles , and guided missiles , weapons that kill at a distance so that those doing the killing need not have to face the reality of what they are doing .
As I mentioned above , Hitler was TIME Magazine 's Man of the Year in 1938 .
Stalin was TIME Magazine 's Man of the Year for 1939 and 1942 .
Both of these men , and many others also celebrated by the media , were unimaginable monsters .
The lesson from these facts is that it is n't easy to spot a genocidal tyrant when you live with one , especially one whom the press supports and promotes .
Tyrants become obvious only when looking back - after what they have done becomes known .
The German people did not stand up to Hitler because their media betrayed them , just as the American media is betraying the American people by willingly , voluntarily , even proudly , abandoning its traditional role as watchdog against government abuse .
It is the very nature of power that it attracts the sort of people who should not have it .
The United States , as the world 's last superpower , is a prize that attracts men and women willing to do absolutely anything to win that power , and hence are also willing to do absolutely anything with that power once they have it .
If one thinks about it long enough , one will realize that all tyrants , past and most especially present , MUST use deception on their population to initiate a war .
No citizen of a modern industrialized nation will send their children off to die in a war to grab another nation 's resources and assets , yet resources and assets are what all wars are fought over .
The nation that wishes to initiate a war of conquest must create the illusion of an attack or a threat to start a war , and must always give their population of cowards an excuse never to question that carefully crafted illusion .
It is naive , not to mention racist , to assume that tyrants appear only in other nations and that somehow America is immune simply because we 're Americans .
America has escaped the clutches of a dictatorship thus far only through the efforts of those citizens who , unlike the Germans of the 1930s , have the moral courage to stand up and point out where the government is lying to the people .
And unless more Americans are willing to have that kind of individual courage , then future generations may well look back on the American people with the same harshness of judgment with which we look back on the 1930s Germans .
Next post I wanna get close to you . [ PIC ]
I do n't know who this is , but I like his style .
Also , the game .
Dr. Pimple Popper wants you to do this to prevent ‘ maskne ’
Dr. Pimple Popper wants you to do this to prevent ‘ maskne ’
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
Following the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 , governments across the world increased airport security , and rightly so .
But in a hasty overreaction to that tragic day , Congress gave the job of screening passengers and baggage to a new federal agency : the Transportation Security Administration ( TSA ) .
As a result , taxpayers pay for more than 48,000 airport security screeners and TSA has requested nearly $ 8.2 billion in funding for 2011 .
Creating the massive bureaucracy was a mistake .
Even though the quality of airport screening was low before Sept. 11 , it was not a failure of the “ rent - a - guard ” screeners that let those 19 terrorists board planes “ armed ” with box cutters .
Those “ weapons ” were perfectly legal at the time .
The real failure was one of policy , which did n’t make use of passenger history and law enforcement information that should have flagged most of the terrorists as suspicious characters who warranted enhanced scrutiny .
Even with today ’s bloated TSA , that problem still exists .
Consider that our various intelligence agencies failed to share vital information , and a suspected terrorist , the underwear bomber , was allowed to board - and tried to blow up - an international flight bound for Detroit on Christmas .
Thankfully , the Obama administration last week took some needed steps to help fix this problem .
Following Sept. 11 , most other countries increased their standards for airport security by letting each airport implement its own procedures under government supervision .
In Europe , that led to nearly all major airports hiring certified private security firms to do their screening .
Canada created a new federal agency to implement better screening but outsourced the actual screening .
This kind of high - performance contracting permits better training and airport - specific flexibility ( e.g. , higher pay scales in Canada ’s jobs - rich oil patch ) and it better matches screener numbers to changing travel patterns and airport passenger levels .
In contrast , the system Congress and the George W. Bush administration created came with a massive conflict of interest : TSA serves as both the aviation - security regulator and the provider of key security .
Who ’s watching the watchmen ?
When it comes to baggage and passenger screening , TSA is regulating itself .
As with any bureaucracy , its natural incentive is to hide errors and make itself look good .
In addition to the obvious conflict of interest , this also makes for fragmented airport security .
Consider that airport perimeters , air cargo and other aspects of security are not operated and managed by TSA , but by airports .
This lack of cohesion can create security gaps .
In Europe , each airport is directly responsible for every aspect of its security , under strict government oversight .
The other mistake of the Bush administration and Congress was to let general taxpayers get stuck with well more than half the cost of airport security .
Canada ’s security ticket tax pays for 100 percent of airport security .
In most European countries , a combination of airport charges to airlines and security taxes on tickets covers the complete cost of airport security .
Those who object to making airlines and passengers pay the full cost will argue that protecting against terrorism is like national defense , for which everyone properly pays via general taxes .
However , many taxpayers never fly , and numerous others rarely fly .
Airlines and frequent travelers like me get far more benefits from aviation security , and we should be paying the costs .
So now what ?
First , TSA should be divested of its airport screening duties .
TSA should regulate and oversee security , but each airport should be responsible for all aspects of its security ( passenger and baggage screening , perimeter security , etc ) .
Airports would be free to hire their own security forces or contract with TSA - certified firms .
Second , the cost of airport security should be paid for by those who use airports : a combination of airlines and passengers .
This change would cut billions from the federal budget , eliminating the large portion of airport security costs not covered by current airport or airline security taxes .
It also would make the costs of airport security more visible to airlines and travelers .
If these two changes are made , they will put much - needed scrutiny on the expensive , one - size - fits - all airport screening procedures in place now .
Giving airports control over their security and moving to a more risk - based approach to passenger screening might well cut the cost of airport screening in half .
It also would focus more attention on high - risk passengers like those we should have spotted on Sept. 11 .
Robert Poole is director of transportation at Reason Foundation .
He advised members of Congress and the White House on airport security following the Sept. 11 attacks .
Sign up for Daily Opinion Newsletter Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Evernote Web Clipper
Rating : Total number of ratings :575
Use the Evernote extension to save things you see on the web into your Evernote account .
While Dr. Phil Jones prattles on about withholding code and data being “ standard practice ” The Royal Society of Chemistry has made a statement to the Parliamentary inquiry saying they as an organization support open data sharing .
They now join the Institute of Physics in making a strong statement on the practices of UEA / CRU .
They write :
“ … the benefits of scientific data being made available and thus open to scrutiny outweigh the perceived risks .
To this end , scientific information should be made available on request as outlined in the Freedom of Information Act . ”
Dr. Jones position of “ standard practice ” is n’t looking good .
Not good at all .
Here ’s the statement published on the UK parliament website :
Memorandum submitted by the Royal Society of Chemistry ( CRU 42 )
Source : http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm200910/cmselect/cmsctech/memo/climatedata/uc4202.htm
Summary
· It is essential that the public and all non-specialists remain truly confident in the scientific method to provide a sound scientific evidence - base on which strong decisions can be made .
Correspondingly , it is in the interest of scientists and the public that society as a whole has an understanding and an appreciation of science .
· Access to reliable , up - to - date information is vital to advancing research and enabling the discovery or development of solutions to global issues .
Sharing information is especially important in multi- disciplinary research , where progress is very much dependent on willing and effective communication between different speciality areas .
· The RSC firmly believes that the benefits of scientific data being made available and thus open to scrutiny outweigh the perceived risks .
To this end , scientific information should be made available on request as outlined in the Freedom of Information Act .
Submission
1. The Royal Society of Chemistry ( RSC ) welcomes the opportunity to submit formal written evidence to the consultation on the disclosure of climate change data from the climatic research unit at the University of East Anglia .
2 . The RSC is the UK Professional Body for chemical scientists and an international Learned Society for advancing the chemical sciences .
Supported by a network of over 46,000 members worldwide and an internationally acclaimed publishing business , our activities span education and training , conferences and science policy , and the promotion of the chemical sciences to the public .
3 . The document has been written from the perspective of the Royal Society of Chemistry .
It is noteworthy that the University of East Anglia is a member of the RSC Partnership Scheme , however this in no way constitutes a conflict of interest .
The RSC ’s Royal Charter obliges it “ to serve the public interest ” by acting in an independent advisory capacity , and we would therefore be very happy for this submission to be put into the public domain .
· What are the implications of the disclosures for the integrity of scientific research ?
4 . The apparent resistance of researchers from the Climatic Research Unit ( CRU ) at the University of East Anglia ( UEA ) to disclose research data has been widely portrayed as an indication of a lack of integrity in scientific research .
The true nature of science dictates that research is transparent and robust enough to survive scrutiny .
A lack of willingness to disseminate scientific information may infer that the scientific results or methods used are not robust enough to face scrutiny , even if this conjecture is not well - founded .
This has far - reaching consequences for the reputation of science as a whole , with the ability to undermine the public ’s confidence in science .
5 . It is essential that the public and all non-specialists remain truly confident in the scientific method to provide a sound scientific evidence - base on which strong decisions can be made .
Correspondingly , it is in the interest of scientists and the public that society as a whole has an understanding and an appreciation of science .
The RSC strongly supports the dissemination of chemical knowledge to foster and encourage the growth and application of the chemical sciences , as stated in its Royal Charter .
This includes the dissemination of scientific knowledge as a means to advance public understanding and the learning of science .
6 . The dissemination of scientific information is central to progressing scientific developments , as it is based on a sound knowledge of preceding research .
[ 1 ]
Access to reliable , up - to - date information is vital to advancing research and enabling the discovery or development of solutions to global issues .
Sharing information is especially important in multi- disciplinary research , where progress is very much dependent on willing and effective communication between different speciality areas .
7 . It is also imperative that scientific information is made available to the wider community for scrutiny : the validity and essence of research relies upon its ability to stand up to review .
In fact , advances in science frequently occur when the prevailing view is challenged by informed scepticism , this is fundamental to the scientific method and should be encouraged , even if controversial .
The RSC firmly believes that the benefits of scientific data being made available and thus open to scrutiny outweigh the perceived risks .
To this end , scientific information should be made available on request as outlined in the Freedom of Information Act .
Furthermore , research needs to be presented in an accurate and reliable manner in the correct context in order to optimise this process .
It may also be necessary to incorporate an independent auditing system into peer review with the ability to demand access to raw data sets to ensure best practices are being adhered to .
8 . With the increased use of electronic media , access to information is widespread for scientists and the public alike .
While this is a great benefit to society , the quality and validity of information available raises complex problems as valid scientific information and general opinion are presented side by side .
The inability to decipher which information is legitimate , results in confusion , misinterpretation and may lead to mistrust of ‘ science ’ .
There needs to be a clearer understanding in the public domain of what constitutes a reliable source , including an appreciation for the process that is used for disseminating research and the advantages of peer review .
9 . The peer review system is central to the credibility of science : its purpose to prevent the dissemination of unwarranted claims and unacceptable interpretations .
Formally published scientific research is subject to this authoritative process whereby a community of qualified , impartial experts examine the information and possess the ability to prevent publication .
Authors generally protect their data until it has been peer - reviewed and published in a formal publication due to the competitive nature of research .
10 .
The issue of misinformation in the public domain must also be tackled .
Just as the scientific community must be open with regard to their evidence base , those who disagree must also provide a clear and verifiable backing for their argument , if they wish their opinions to be given weight .
When disagreements occur , the validity of the analysis must be established before credence can be given to any opinion .
Increased understanding of the process of scientific research , firstly in the government , but also within the media and general public , is vital in order to foster a more open sharing of information .
11 . Support from the scientific community is needed to provide context and to explain the process by which conclusions are reached .
Encouraging scientists to openly engage with the public can only be achieved if researchers are given the necessary backing in the face of any unfounded arguments against their work .
This support must come from the highest levels , sending out a strong message on the importance of scientific methodology and research and promoting open sharing of information between scientists and the wider community .
· Are the terms of reference and scope of the Independent Review announced on 3 December 2009 by UEA adequate ?
12 . The terms of reference and scope of the independent review are adequate , although some wider reaching aspects must also be examined .
The effect on other researchers working in this area such as independent researchers , as well as those collaborating with CRU , should be explored .
The impact of this incident on the public perception of the CRU and UEA as a whole should also be considered as a measuring stick for the implications of such actions in the public domain .
The manner in which the findings from the items set out are interpreted and applied will determine their value .
13 .
As has been set out in the review , it is necessary to investigate the email exchanges which were discovered along with other relevant CRU information to establish whether data have been manipulated or suppressed .
This is , not only needed in order to identify any unacceptable behaviour , but also to verify the results which have been published .
This is vital in clarifying the severity of the acts carried out by those scientists at the CRU involved , i.e. whether it was a misguided protection of their work or a malicious misrepresentation of data .
14 .
The review of practices surrounding CRU ’s use of peer review and dissemination of data should be used to shed light on how these comply with established best scientific practice .
Any failings in this area should be examined in the context of the research methods used and any deviations should be assigned either to the individual researchers or to inadequate updating of the best practice to suit research in the digital age .
[ 2 ]
This will beget more valuable information on the motivation and the reasoning behind the conduct of researchers at CRU .
15 . Research institutions should review established protocols regarding the management of , and access to , research data to ensure that they remain up to date and clear .
This process must be developed in collaboration with researchers so that its importance can be understood .
The current practices in CRU and UEA must be examined to ensure the unit and the institution fulfil public regulations and that they offer support to researchers to ensure compliance .
16 .
The review of the security issues surrounding the release of information is an important internal issue for CRU and UEA .
Furthermore , the RSC supports investigations into the highly irregular manner in which information was obtained from the researchers .
· How independent are the other two international data sets ?
17 .
From the information available , the RSC cannot comment on this issue .
Royal Society of Chemistry
February 2010
although serendipitous advances are also well recognised
[ 2 ] “ Ensuring the integrity , accessibility and stewardship of research data in the digital age ” Committee on Ensuring the Utility and Integrity of Research Data in a Digital Age ; National Academy of
Sciences , 2009
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Intridea founded and sponsors the DC Ruby Users Group , which has been a great success .
Our monthly meetings average around 30 attendees , but some have had twice as many .
While I would not be so bold as to claim I ’ve found the secret to successfully organizing and running a local Ruby Users Group , there are some things I believe have contributed greatly to our group ’s success :
Be welcoming and inclusive .
It ’s a stereotype , but not one without some truth to it : a lot of techies tend to be introverted .
At every meeting , I make it a point to ask who is at their first DCRUG event and welcome them .
Furthermore , as responsibility - juggling allows , I also try to greet attendees at the door and introduce myself .
Invariably , some folks will sit quietly , keep to themselves , and leave after the lectures — but I hope they leave with a desire to attend again , perhaps even as a presenter .
Appeal to multiple levels of skill and experience .
At recent meetings , a show of hands has indicated that about half the attendees are not experienced Rubyists , and are looking for a chance to learn introductory concepts .
An advanced topic would be overwhelming .
At the same time , our core group of Rubyists want to learn more about these advanced concepts .
Our solution : make sure that each meeting has at least one talk that appeals to newbies ( e.g. “ Intro to Rails models ” ) and one that will interest experienced Ruby developers ( e.g. “ Background Jobs with Resque ” ) .
Cover a variety of subjects .
Our talks on cutting - edge technologies like MongoDB and XMPP have been great , but not every talk needs to be software - related , or even technical .
Two of our most popular presentations have been regarding legal issues that affect software companies and tips on how to give great presentations .
Meet on a consistent basis .
We hold our meetings on the second Thursday of every month ( except when a record - setting blizzard makes travel impossible ) .
This makes planning simpler and the predictable timing helps attendees leave room in their busy schedules .
Do n’t “ reinvent the wheel ” : use Meetup.com .
Initially , we used a homebrewed system for scheduling DCRUG meetings , but then realized it would be more efficient to leverage the work Meetup has already done .
They are completely focused on making it easy to organize gatherings and we ’ve been quite happy with the service .
Publicize through various channels .
Do n’t wait for them to come to you !
Meetup now has a nice feature that lets attendees cross-post their RSVP to Facebook and / or Twitter .
Additionally , DCRUG has its own Twitter account and we cross-promote to other groups nearby , such as the ones in Northern Virginia and Baltimore .
Make yourself a checklist Seriously , even for an informal meeting , there are so many moving parts — lining up speakers , coordinating with the hosts , ordering food , publicizing the event , thanking the appropriate people , etc. — that you ’ll invariably forget something .
I create a bulleted list in Google Docs and , after each meeting , simply make a copy of that document for the next DCRUG , editing as appropriate .
Location , location , location !
We have been fortunate enough to have StreamSage allow us use of their sizeable and Metro - accessible space , for free .
This , alas , is easier said than done , but not impossible .
It is crucially important that you find a meeting space that is conveniently - located for your attendees , or they will be far less likely to attend .
Follow up each meeting with a get - together Ruby user groups provide not just an educational opportunity , but a social one as well .
After every meeting , we head to Post Pub , a bar located a block away .
Many folks go with soda as their drink of choice , but this is n’t about getting a buzz .
Rather , it ’s a chance for attendees — presenters and audiences — to socialize in an informal environment and talk anything , Ruby - related or otherwise , with their peers .
Free pizza and soda !
It may sound silly , but is surprisingly effective .
Our meetings start at 7 pm , which means many attendees come straight from work and are hungry .
Prior to the first presentation , the boxes of piping - hot Domino ’s pizza and cold soda at the back of the room serve as a place for attendees to congregate and chat , instead of just sitting in their chairs , waiting for the meeting to begin .
For those of you looking to start a local Ruby Users Group , I hope this helps you kick it off successfully .
For folks who are looking to improve an existing one , I hope you find this helpful .
And I hope everyone will come by and check out a meeting of the DC Ruby Users Group .
Sun , 14 Mar 2010
GHC 6.12.1 in Debian Testing .
Joachim Breitner recently announced on the Debian Haskell mailing list that version 6.12.1 of the Glasgow / Glorious Haskell compiler was about to transition from Debian unstable to Debian testing .
That has now happened .
This means there is a very good chance it will be part of the next stable release of Debian .
A big thanks is due to Kari Pahula , the Debian maintainer for GHC who managed to get this version of GHC working on a bunch of CPU architectures not officially supported by the upstream GHC maintainers .
Deserving of equal attention are Joachim Breitner and Marco T�lio Gontijo e Silva who did a large amount of real quality work to improve the way Haskell libraries are packaged in Debian .
The big change recently was drastic improvements in the way library dependencies are tracked across packages which will make it much easier to write tools to automatically check for broken dependency chains .
Packaging Haskell libraries for Debian is now a relatively trivial and fool proof exercise .
Packaging a library which is on Hackage can take as little as 5 minutes .
With the current version of GHC in Debian and a large and growing collection of Haskell libraries , writing Haskell code on Debian using nothing but Debian packages is now a pleasure .
Ubuntu and other Debian and Ubuntu derived distributions of course also benefit from this work .
Posted at : 18:58 | Category : CodeHacking / Debian | Permalink
Amy Lynn is another fitness model from back in the old days that seems to have just vanished .
It 's a shame too , because she was always ...
The new strategy  the result of more than a year of work by Interior Secretary Ken Salazar  also confronts an essential political reality : the Senate will insist on offshore drilling as part of a broader bill , expected after Easter , addressing climate change and other energy - related problems .
Mr. Obama is trying to anticipate and shape that discussion by identifying areas that he thinks can responsibly be opened for exploration while quarantining others .
Nearly all of America ’s coastal waters have been up for grabs since 2008 when President George W. Bush lifted a longstanding presidential moratorium on drilling in the outer continental shelf .
A few months later , Congress allowed a parallel Congressional moratorium to expire .
Mr. Bush also lifted a separate moratorium on drilling in Alaska ’s Bristol Bay that was imposed by his father in 1990 after the Exxon Valdez spill .
Bristol Bay is home to America ’s richest fishing grounds and is the main driver of a $ 2.2 billion regional fishing industry .
Under the Obama administration ’s plan , Bristol Bay will once again be completely protected , which is wonderful news .
Further north in Arctic waters , the plan would allow drilling on existing leases in relatively small areas of the Chukchi and Beaufort Seas to proceed  which seemed inevitable , given legal and economic obstacles to reversing them .
It would , however , postpone any further development pending the outcome of detailed scientific and environmental studies .
Alaska ’s environmentalists were encouraged , and they should be .
The rest of the plan is as significant for the areas it protects as for those it opens .
Exploration will not be allowed on the Pacific Coast or along the Atlantic Coast north of Delaware .
Seismic exploration  which in effect means exploratory drilling  will be allowed along the central and southern Atlantic Coast from Delaware to Florida , but , again , no new leases will be granted until the scoping process and the environmental reviews are finished .
The Interior Department ’s seismic information is decades old , and one important point of the new plan is to discover what ’s out there .
The department ’s most optimistic present estimate of the resources in the areas covered by the plan , including the Gulf of Mexico , is 63 billion barrels of economically recoverable oil .
It 's not cyanide - laced grape Flavor Aid , but this stuff is like liquid crack to ants .
No more foggers to turn your house into a Bhopal disaster .
Now you can pretend to be the Jim Jones of the ant world .
Word to the wise : read the directions .
Obviously , the people who rated this product with one star can't read .
This product does not kill on contact or immediately .
It destroys the ants ' digestive system so it takes a little time .
This is good because ants pass food between each other .
By the time ants start dropping dead , the whole colony has had the Flavor Aid .
This means the queen and the baby ants get the Jimmy - juice , too .
All to the tune of Danzig 's " Last Caress . "
Heck , you 'll be happier than Che Guevara killing masses of innocent people in the name of the Proletariat .
You 'll be chanting , " El Che Vive , " and before you know it you 'll be immortalized on little red ant shirts by idiot ant kids who have no clue you killed innocent ant women and ant children for little more than " getting on your toothbrush " or " walking around aimlessly by my sink . "
PS : It is also a great way to figure out where the heck they 're coming from .
Then after they 're all destroyed , you can seal up the spot with some caulk or duct tape .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
On May 27 , shellapologises.com popped up on the Web , blazing a message : “ Shell Apologises to Niger Delta for Human Rights Abuses . ”
The press release contained therein reads :
More than 60 per cent of the people in the Niger Delta depend on the natural environment for their livelihood .
But due to the oil pollution , many of them use polluted water to drink and to cook and wash with , and eat fish contaminated with oil and other toxins .
Oil spills and waste dumping have also seriously damaged agricultural land .
The destruction of livelihoods and the lack of redress have led people to steal oil and vandalise oil infrastructure in an attempt to gain compensation or clean - up contracts .
Armed groups engage in large - scale theft of oil and the ransoming of oil workers .
Government reprisals frequently involve excessive force and the collective punishment of communities , thus deepening general anger and resentment .
All of that is true ; unfortunately , this part is not :
Shell apologises to all inhabitants of Nigeria ’s Niger Delta for the many years of human rights violations , for which Shell takes full responsibility .
Finally , an age of corporate self - accountability , I thought .
But like other writers at Mother Jones faced with similar press releases , I got punk’d .
The Shell apology is part of an elaborate prank perpetrated by those infamous corporate imposters , the Yes Men .
“ We approached Shell in this case because we were asked to do a workshop in the Hague as part of a human rights film festival , ” the Yes Men ’s Mike Bonnano told MoJo in an email .
“ The target was Shell , since their HQ is right there in the Hague , and they have a bad human rights record , particularly in the Niger Delta , where they are currently refusing to maintain the environmental standards that apply elsewhere in the world for similar extraction operations .
“ It also happens that Shell has just taken a huge step backwards by cutting their solar energy program and other green initiatives ; their new CEO [ Peter Voser ] comes from finance and is taking the company in the direction of short - term profits at the expense of the long - term welfare of the planet .
But then again , they are an oil company , so what do we expect ? ”
One expectation might be to see more corporate policies operating under the premise that helping people is profitable .
The Yes Men ’s satirical theatre , which criticizes complacent corporations and complicit citizens without coming off as preachy , provides ( as MoJo senior editor Dave Gilson wrote ) much - needed “ sudden jolts of awareness or catharsis . ”
The group ’s actions basically translate into “ We know all about you ” indictments by expressing what companies like Shell should , but do n’t , do — as the group ’s faux press conference shows :
“ After we did the announcements we went out on the streets with street teams dressed in shell uniforms apologizing to the people of the Hague on behalf of Shell , ” Bonnano wrote .
“ The event did in fact bait Shell … and it would be a bonus if they counter attack .
But success does not require a response , it is just enhanced by it .
If they fail to attack us , after all , we can always assume their identity and attack us for them , as we did with Dow Chemical in the past . ”
Stand by for Shell ’s response .
Follow Titania Kumeh on Twitter .
[ reddit - me ] John P. Judis at The New Republic pointed me to a relevant fact that has n’t been covered much in looking at illegal immigration into Arizona — the number of unauthorized immigrants has been decreasing in the past 2 years and the rate of illegal immigration was at its lowest point in the past decade nationally .
See for example this chart from the Office of Immigration Statistics ( pdf ) in the Department of the Homeland Security Department :
For the more visual , I charted the data to demonstrate the drop :
And of course , the national data as well :
As the Wall Street Journal explained :
The larger reality is that border crossings track the economy .
The recent downturn has meant fewer illegal entries and more immigrants going home .
Before the law , Arizona ’s illegal population had fallen 18 % in the past year .
If the undocumented immigrant population is falling — including in Arizona — how then do you account for the increasing hysteria ?
For all the talk of the thousands killed by illegal immigrants , virtually all of these are mere car accidents which are no different than the car accidents thousands of Americans get into every day .
For all the talk of an “ increasingly violent ” border — and there is some justification for this given the struggle going on in Mexico as the military is waging war on the drug cartels with corruption , violence , and abuse apparently rampant on both sides — the violence on the American side has been minimal .
The exploitative use of the rancher Robert Krentz ’s murder — like the use of the young boy killed in a car accident , Dustin Inman — is a pure propaganda tactic meant to focus anger .
Where is the Marcelo Lucero Society dedicated to the immigrant stabbed to death by a group of high school students who had decided to go , “ beaner hopping ” ?
Marcelo Lucero was killed a short drive from where I grew up on Long Island — and his case only came to my attention because the FBI was investigating the Suffolk County Police Department for ignoring hate crimes against Latinos and undocumented immigrants .
But why the surge in anger and hysteria now ?
The flip side of the Wall Street Journal ‘s point is that even as undocumented immigrants leave during economic hard times , the resentment of them grows .
As John P. Judis explains :
During the Great Depression , immigration to the United States from Mexico virtually ceased , but states began arresting and deporting Mexicans , many of whom were in the country legally .
The Mexican population of the United States fell by 41 percent during the 1930s .
And the same kind of thing is happening again .
Keep these numbers in mind as we hear again and again over the coming months of the “ invasion ” and of how the problem is getting worse .
[ This beautiful image of the Arizona - Mexico border fence by Threaded Thoughts licensed under Creative Commons . ]
Like Loading ...
A 33 - YEAR - old Frenchman who claimed he was in love with an eight - year - old child avoided jail yesterday -- when he volunteered to leave the country until she turns 18 .
Hubert Noditza , originally from Normandy in France , was found guilty of two charges relating to trespassing at the child 's home and assaulting her father , in Killarney District Court by Judge James O'Connor .
Noditza bombarded the girl 's mother with text messages saying that the child was " the only one with whom I felt like living forever " .
Another text message accused her parents of seeking to make him " go away before ( name of child ) and I are really married forever " .
And a previous court hearing was told that Noditza had set up a tent close to the family 's home despite warnings to stay away .
Noditza , speaking to the court through an interpreter , strongly denied he had sent the texts .
He suggested the family might have made the messages up and sent them through his phone which he said he had lent them .
Inspector Barry O'Rourke accused Noditza of being " sexually attracted to children " .
" You are a paedophile and you have been rumbled , " the inspector added .
Noditza strongly denied this and said he never had sex with any child .
In evidence yesterday , the father of the child told how he found Noditza outside the bedroom window last January .
The Frenchman made " a very strong declaration " that he loved his daughter .
He had first met Noditza in March or April 2009 after he delivered pizzas to him in a B &B in Killarney and they had become friendly .
The father said he had invited Noditza to their home in May 2009 and he had stayed with the family , mostly in a caravan , near their house .
However they asked him to leave after two weeks , and he had done so in July 2009 .
The child 's father said he had become a nuisance and " he had no apparent restraint when it came to personal barriers " .
However after July , Noditza would frequently return to the house , and was found looking in windows -- especially of the bathrooms , the child 's father said .
The girl 's father read out transcripts of mobile phone messages sent to the family .
Beginning in November 2009 , the child 's mother received a number of text messages from him .
One message asked the mother to tell the child that once he married her she would get whatever she wanted ; and another that he would die for the child .
In cross examination , Insp O'Rourke put it to Noditza that he had said he " loved " the child .
Noditza replied he had said that , but what he had meant was that he did n't want to hurt her .
When pressed on the matter of his declaration of love he said " Yes , but not in a bad way " .
Judge James O'Connor convicted Noditza on the two charges , imposing a seven - month sentence on the charge of trespass at the child 's home on January 1 last , and a nine - month sentence for assault causing harm to her father last month .
But the judge suspended the 16 - month jail sentence after Noditza voluntarily agreed to leave the country in the next 24 hours and not to return until March 2019 when the girl would be 18 .
He also undertook not to try to make any contact with her family .
Speaking after the court , the child 's father said he was very happy with the gardai and " the responsible way they dealt with this " .
Irish Independent
FBI launch investigation as shocking footage of police beating a student provokes outrage across the U.S .
A shocking video of police beating a student has provoked outrage across America and led to a probe by the FBI into alleged police brutality .
John McKenna is still recovering from his injuries after three officers clad in riot gear assaulted him with batons as he offered no resistance .
The 21 - year - old was beaten unconscious and needed eight staples put into a gaping wound on his skull .
[ caption ]
[ caption ]
Despite not provoking police , he was told he was arrested and told not to make a fuss about his injuries as the officers involved would have to fill out more paperwork .
The video of McKenna 's beating was captured by a remote CCTV camera and has been played extensively on U.S. TV .
The FBI are also to launch an investigation into the horrific beating which U.S. commentators said had echoes of the Rodney King beating in Los Angeles in 1991 .
The acquittal of the officers involved led to rioting across LA resulting in the deaths of 53 people and $ 1 billion in damage to property .
The latest incident occurred after a basketball match between the University of Maryland and Duke University on March 3 .
Riot police were out in force on the streets of Maryland after reports of trouble and on the video McKenna can be seen approaching a mounted policeman . [ caption ]
It is not known what was said , but as McKenna backs against a wall with his arms by his side three officers armed with batons and riot shields rush at the first year student .
He is knocked to the ground as the three officers run into him and proceed to rain down blows on his limp body .
McKenna was arrested and put in the back of a police van before being taken to hospital for treatment to his injuries .
His lawyer claimed that the arresting report by the officers said the student had " struck those officers and their horses , causing minor injuries " .
The police statement described McKenna 's injuries as minor and caused when he was " kicked by the horses " .
It also claims that McKenna was inciting a crowd .
[ caption ]
Chris Griffiths , McKenna 's lawyer , claimed the abuse continued out of shot of the CCTV camera .
' On the way to the jail , officers removed the bandages from his head and said , " Look , if you want to go home tonight , do n't complain about your injuries " ' , he told the U.S. TV show Good Morning America .
The charges against McKenna have since been dropped .
Prince George 's County Police Chief Roberto Hylton has handed one of the officers who 's been identified on the tape a paid suspension and launched an investigation into the incident .
The FBI have also launched an inquiry into the incident .
' I was outraged , ' said Hylton .
' I was very disappointed at the conduct that I saw on the part of my officers on the video tape . '
Hylton said that other officers involved in the beating will likely be fired , but McKenna 's family thinks the punishment for some officers should be even tougher .
In a statement the family said : ' Some of these characters ought to go to jail , some ought to be booted off the force , and the remainder should be properly trained to discover that force is not always necessary , and brutality is always wrong . '
Students at the University of Maryland claimed police had been looking for trouble and picked on innocent bystanders .
Note :
You 'll notice I 've only reviewed one episode this week .
The truth is , I 'm sick as a dog , and I do n't have the …
Upset that you are n't in the alpha test for the second Final Fantasy MMO ?
We 've got what looks to be a chunk of the Final Fantasy XIV alpha tester handbook and some videos to help you pretend you 're in it .
Advertisement
A player posting on the FFXIV Journey blog over at Blogspot is documenting his entire journey through the lands of Eorzea , documenting it through screens , some videos , and this huge instructional post , which he claims to be the alpha tester 's guide sent out to all alpha test participants .
Not being alpha test participants ourselves , we contacted Square Enix to confirm that this is the genuine article , and are eagerly awaiting their response .
Advertisement
Keep in mind that anything you see in the pictures and videos below are subject to change and do n't reflect the final state of Final Fantasy XIV .
FINAL FANTASY XIV Alpha Test Manual
FINAL FANTASY XIV is a cross-nation , cross- platform massively multi-player online role - playing game ( MMORPG ) that brings together people from all across the world to compete , cooperate , and communicate within the virtual fantasy realm known as Eorzea .
While solo adventuring is always an option , most will agree that joining forces with their fellow gamers not only makes the game that much easier , but that much more fun as well !
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
* The Alpha / Beta versions contain only a fraction of what is planned in the full version .
This includes playable races and clans , character customization options , selectable classes , and available areas , to name a few .
1 . After logging in , select " New " from the Character Selection screen .
2. Select your character 's race , clan , and gender .
3 . Choose a preset appearance for your character .
4. Customize various aspects of your character 's appearance via the available menus .
5 . Select your character 's starting class * .
6 . Select your character 's nameday ( birthday ) and guardian ( patron deity ) .
7 . Input your character 's first and last name .
8 . Select the city - state in which you wish to begin your adventure .
9 . Finally , select " Enter " to create your character and begin the game .
Advertisement
* Classes
In FINAL FANTASY XIV , a player 's class is determined by the arm or tool in his / her hand .
The class chosen during character creation simply determines the items a player begins the game with .
Players can change their class at any time by simply equipping different items they purchase , find , or create .
Advertisement
- Note
In the Alpha Version , a character 's race , clan , gender , nameday , and guardian do not affect his / her attributes .
At the onset of the game , you will find yourself on a boat , though at this point your character is already within what is called an instanced area , meaning it will not be occupied by any other players .
Advertisement
* Instanced areas , or instances , are areas in which only players directly related to or involved in what happens within may enter .
The initial stages of gameplay in the Alpha Test will take place in instanced areas which only single players may occupy .
Instances will only be used for special events , such as the game 's opening sequence .
For the most part , gameplay will take place within public areas occupied by any of a number of players .
As you progress through the opening event , the ship will eventually make port .
After arriving , speak to the NPC Hob , who will be located directly ahead of you .
At certain points in the game , Hob will present you with a list of options in accordance with your progress .
For now , select the option presented to continue through the current event .
Advertisement
After speaking with NPC Hob and proceeding to the location to which you have been directed , there will be another NPC named Baderon who will present you with another set of options .
After speaking to Baderon , you will automatically be transported from to a public area .
In public areas you will come across many other players .
As fellow adventurers , it is up to you to make the most of your time in Eorzea together !
Advertisement
1. Display Name
The color of a display name reveals important information .
White – Other PCs
Blue – Party members
Green – NPCs
Yellow – Enemies
Red – Engaged enemies
Advertisement
* Semi-Transparent Display Names
When the display name of a PC is semi- transparent , it indicates that player is currently in a different area than you .
These PCs are still displayed on - screen to help contribute to the seamless transitioning between areas .
However , players should note that party invites cannot be extended across areas .
2. Minimap
The minimap displays the immediate vicinity around you , the direction you are facing , the direction the camera is facing , and the position of various NPCs .
Advertisement
3. Log
This display contains all of the various logs used to display text within the game , such as the system log , combat log , and chat log .
Players may input text by selecting the chat prompt area .
4. Unit Frame
The unit frame displays various aspects of your character 's status , such as HP , MP , and TP .
Advertisement
5. Connection Status
Advertisement
1. Action Bar
This bar displays the various commands available for use in relation to the PC or NPC you are currently targeting .
Advertisement
2. Action Gauge
This gauge tells how much time is left before the next action may be executed .
Though there are a few exceptions , for the most part all attacks , abilities , weapon skills , and spells require that the action gauge be full .
Advertisement
For certain classes , a secondary action gauge will appear when a shield is equipped in the off hand .
All shield - related commands will make use of this gauge .
The action gauges of the main hand and off hand are entirely independent of one another .
Should a character have a shield equipped in their off hand , two action gauges will be displayed simultaneously .
Advertisement
3. Effect Gauge
The effect gauge comes to life once the action gauge has completely filled .
When a command is executed , the state of the effect gauge will determine certain bonuses to factors such as accuracy , power , or potency .
These bonuses apply to all actions , both physical and magical .
Advertisement
- Other
- Passive Mode and Active Mode
" Passive Mode " is the designation given to the state in which a player 's arm or tool is not drawn .
In this mode , hit points regenerate automatically .
Advertisement
" Active Mode " refers to the state in which a player 's arm or tool is drawn .
In this mode , various battle commands are available , but movement speed is reduced in comparison to passive mode .
- Arms and Tools
There are a vast array of arms and tools in FINAL FANTASY XIV which allow players to assume the role of any of a number of classes .
However , the following conditions should be kept in mind when changing equipment .
Advertisement
Equipping Arms – Players must be in passive mode and not engaged with an enemy .
Equipping Tools – Players must be in passive mode .
During the Alpha Test phase , there will be a total of nine types of arms and tools available ( swords , hand - to - hand weapons , axes , polearms , bows , conjurer arms , thaumaturge arms , hammers , and pickaxes ) .
Players can change their class simply by virtue of changing the arm or tool they have equipped in their hand .
Advertisement
The Flow of Battle
1. Ready an arm or tool , changing from passive mode to active mode .
2. Target an enemy .
3 . Select a command from the action bar , and make use of the action and effect gauges to execute it effectively .
4. Strategize with other party members , deciding upon an appropriate Battle Regimen * .
5 . Gain victory in battle to be rewarded with experience and skill points .
6. Obtain and distribute any loot dropped by the enemy .
Advertisement
* Battle Regimen
Battle Regimens are combat tactics which party members may employ against a single enemy .
By coordinating and executing battle commands in a precise order , players may cause certain additional beneficial effects to occur .
Advertisement
A Battle Regimen begins with the stacking of battle commands .
All party members who wish to take part in the Battle Regimen must stack their actions in the correct order against the desired target .
One of the members then initiates the Battle Regimen , and the stacked actions will be executed automatically .
Step 1 : Consult with other party members to determine the best Battle Regimen to use against a specific target .
The battle commands and the order in which they are to be executed should all be decided .
Advertisement
Step 2 : Wait until your position in the queue comes around to switch to Battle Regimen mode and select the battle command you wish to stack .
Step 3 : After all participating party members have stacked their battle commands , one of the party members selects to initiate the Battle Regimen .
Advertisement
Step 4 : Once the Battle Regimen is initiated , the stacked battle commands will all be executed automatically , chaining together to create additional effects .
Please note that factors such as distance from the enemy may prevent stacked battle commands from being executed once the Battle Regimen is initiated .
In these cases , the Battle Regimen will not end , but will instead proceed on to the next command in the queue .
Advertisement
Enemy Toughness
An enemy 's degree of difficulty is represented by the color of the circle located in the extreme left portion of the unit frame .
This display takes into account whether the player is solo or a member of a party .
Advertisement
Red – Incredibly Tough
Orange – Very Tough
Yellow – Tough
Green – Decent Challenge
Blue – Easy Prey
Physical Levels and Skill Ranks
In FINAL FANTASY XIV , a character 's progress is measured in two ways .
Physical levels represent one 's actual physical development , while skill ranks measure how adept one is with various arms and tools .
Advertisement
- Physical Levels
Characters gain physical levels by accumulating a certain amount of experience points .
Advertisement
( During the Alpha Test phase , experience points will be obtainable only by achieving victory in battle . )
- Skill Ranks
Skill ranks are gained by accumulating skill points from various endeavors , such as combat or crafting .
As a character 's skill rank increases , they will learn new actions , such as abilities and weapon skills .
Advertisement
* Physical level and skill rank caps will be set at 20 for the Alpha Test Phase .
Setting Actions for Use
Actions that have been acquired by a character can be set to the action bar for use .
During the Alpha Test phase , the maximum number of actions available at any given time will be limited to 20 .
Advertisement
Barring a few class - specific exceptions , actions will be available for use even when using a class different from the one on which the action learned .
However , the power and efficacy of each action is determined by its affinity with the character 's active skill .
The Spoils of War
Any items received after a battle will be placed in a player 's loot list .
During party play , items are distributed randomly to the lists of each member .
Advertisement
After a certain period of time , items on a loot list will be automatically moved to a player 's inventory .
Should the player 's inventory be full , the items will be lost .
Items on a loot list are not considered in a player 's possession until they are added to his / her inventory .
Until then , any items , including those which are rare ( untradeable ) and unique ( players can possess no more than one ) , can be transferred to another party member 's list .
Advertisement
* Items received while mining / quarrying will also be added to the loot list before being moved to a player 's inventory .
If a character 's HP is reduced to 0 , he / she will be " knocked out " and no longer able to move or act .
A character can be revived by selecting " Return " from the main menu and choosing a destination from the listed aetheryte camps or aetherial gates .
Advertisement
* If a character is KO'd while participating in a levequest , he / she will be teleported back to the corresponding aetheryte .
* For the duration of the Alpha Test , characters KO'd will receive a weakness penalty which will not only lower total HP , but also reduce the speed with which their action gauge fills , as well as increase the length of casting times .
This penalty will last five minutes before wearing off .
Rifts along the surface of Hydaelyn can cause " leaks " from which the planet 's lifeblood , aether , can escape .
By harnessing the power from concentrated deposits known as " aetheryte , " the residents of Eorzea have seen a marked improvement in everyday life .
Below is a list of the three most common types of aetheryte , and their benefits .
Advertisement
Aetheryte Crystals
Located in towns and camps , these giant crystalline objects are most often used as the starting places of levequests , due to their accessibility .
Advertisement
Upon approaching an aetheryte crystal , an Aetheryte option will appear .
Selecting this will automatically do four things :
1. Restore all HP and MP .
2 . Set the aetheryte as your home point ( to where you will return when warping ) .
3 . Register the location to your teleport list ( first visit only ) , thereby allowing you to teleport to that aetheryte whenever you choose .
4 . Give you the option to begin any levequests in your possession originating from that location .
Advertisement
Aetherial Gates
Aetherial gates are permanent discharges of aether located in various places around Eorzea .
While not as concentrated as aetheryte crystals , the gates can still be used to instantly restore HP and MP , and set your home point .
Advertisement
Aetherial Nodes
Aetherial nodes are temporary phenomena which usually appear only after completing a levequest .
They can be used to teleport instantly back to the aetheryte crystal at which a player began that quest .
Only players who took part in the levequest can access the nodes , which will fade if not used promptly .
Advertisement
Players can return to their previously set home points at any time by selecting the Return option from the main menu .
However , if a player is participating in a levequest , selecting this option at that time will result in teleportation back to the aetheryte crystal or aetherial gate used to activate the quest .
The Return command can also be used while KO'd to revive your character .
Advertisement
By selecting Teleport from the main menu , a player can teleport their entire party to any aetheryte crystal location they have already visited .
When one party member uses the Teleport option , a confirmation button will be sent to all other members , allowing them to decide whether or not they also wish to be teleported .
* Please note , both the Return and Teleport options can only be used when in passive mode .
Advertisement
To log out of FINAL FANTASY XIV and exit the game , select Logout from the main menu .
The logout process requires 30 seconds to complete and can be cancelled at any time by inputting another command .
* Please note , players cannot log out while in active mode .
Advertisement
1. Region :
The name of the region currently being displayed .
2. Area :
The name of the area currently being displayed within the above - mentioned region .
Advertisement
3. Camp :
The name of the aetheryte camp presiding over the current area .
4. Aetheryte camp location .
5. Player 's current position and directional bearing .
6. Aetherial gate location .
7. Map Menu Button : Select Change Map to view other acquired maps .
Players can keep track of the quests they have accepted by viewing the Journal found in the main menu .
Clicking on the header will bring up the following options : Levequests ( Regional and Local ) and Quests ( Class Quests ) .
Select the corresponding category to view all related journal entries .
Advertisement
* Please observe general online manners and etiquette when communicating with others .
Chat Modes
[ Say ]
Any message input in the say chat mode can be seen by any and all players in the immediate vicinity .
It is the default chat mode , and messages displayed in this manner will appear in white .
This chat mode is activated by prefacing a message with either / say or simply /s .
In addition , the active chat mode may be set to say mode by entering the command / say without a message following .
Advertisement
[ Party ]
Any message input in the party chat mode can be seen by any and all party members .
Messages displayed in this manner appear in blue .
This chat mode is activated by prefacing a message with / party or simply / p .
In addition , the active chat mode may be set to party mode by entering the command / party without a following message .
Advertisement
[ Tell ]
Any message input in the tell chat mode can be seen only by a single designated player .
Messages displayed in this manner appear in pink .
This chat mode is activated by prefacing a message with / tell or simply /t .
The active chat mode can not be set to tell mode .
During the Alpha Test phase , PC names must be entered in their entirety ( first and last names ) .
Advertisement
[ Shout ]
Shout chat mode is much like say chat mode , with the sole difference being that messages can be seen by players in a much wider area .
Messages displayed in this manner appear in light pink .
This chat mode is activated by prefacing a message with either / shout or simply / sh .
The active chat mode can not be set to shout mode .
Advertisement
Examples of Chat Commands
Advertisement
* All commands must begin with a / ( forward slash ) and contain only half - width characters .
Emotes
Emotes are a collection of expressions and gestures that can be used to convey the emotional state of your character .
The emote menu is bound to the E key in the default keyboard setup , and can also be accessed by selecting the second icon from the right on the action bar .
By forming a party with others , players will be able to defeat monsters and complete guildleves of a difficulty unthinkable to the solo adventurer .
A single party may contain up to 15 characters .
Advertisement
Forming a Party
To form a party , simply target and select the player that you wish to invite , and then select the Invite option that appears .
If your invitation is accepted , the party will be formed automatically , with the person who sent the initial invitation becoming the party leader .
The leader is the only member of the party who can invite additional members .
Advertisement
* Players who are already in a party cannot be invited .
Accepting a Party Invite
If another player invites you to a party , a Join party ?
button will appear on your screen .
Select this to bring up a prompt displaying the options of Yes , No , and Cancel .
Choose
Yes to accept the invitation .
Advertisement
Party Commands
- Promote
The Promote command allows players to change the party leader .
It may only be carried out by the current party leader .
Advertisement
- Oust
The Oust command allows players to remove members from a party .
It may only be carried out by the current party leader .
Advertisement
- Leave
The Leave command allows players to disband from a party .
Once a Party is Formed
Following the formation of a party , the unit frames of all party members will be displayed together in the lower right portion of the screen .
The party leader will be designated by the presence of a yellow diamond to the immediate left of the leader 's name .
Advertisement
The Trade command allows you to exchange items and gil with other players .
1 . To initiate a trade , simply target and select a player , and then select the Trade option that appears .
Advertisement
* The recipient of a trade request will be see an Accept Trade ? button .
Selecting this will present the player with the options of Yes , No , and Cancel .
Choose
Yes to accept the request .
2 . Accepting a trade request will automatically open the trade window .
3 . Both players set the items and / or gil they wish to exchange in the trade slots provided .
4. Select Accept to complete the trade process .
Advertisement
* Selecting Cancel will abort the trade entirely .
Advertisement
Bazaars afford players the ability to sell and purchase items to and from one another .
A player who has a bazaar set up will have the bazaar icon displayed next to that player 's name .
Advertisement
Operating Your Bazaar
A player 's bazaar can be set up to contain the items that player wishes to sell to others .
Advertisement
1 . From the main menu , open the Item List and then select the Bazaar option .
Highlight the item that you wish to sell , and then press Bazaar again .
2 . In the window that follows , set the unit price at which you wish to sell your item (s ) .
* Note that 5 % of the designated unit price will be taken as tax when the item sells .
For example , an item being sold in a bazaar for 100 gil will require the purchasing player to pay 100 gil , but the player selling the item will receive only 95 gil from the transaction .
Advertisement
3 . Having items in your bazaar purchased by other players will result in the gil being automatically added to your inventory .
Browsing Bazaars
By browsing the bazaars of others , players can purchase items .
1. Target and select a player with a bazaar and press the Browse button that appears .
Then select the Selling option to view the items that player has up for sale .
2 . Select the item you wish to purchase to complete the transaction .
UI
Advertisement
Q : Can I undo attribute points already allocated ?
A : With great power comes great responsibility .
The Twelve have deemed you unworthy of that responsibility ( at this time ) .
Advertisement
Battle
Q : I 've arrived in Limsa Lominsa and watched the event scene with Baderon , the potty - mouthed proprietor of the Drowning Wench .
What do I do next ?
Advertisement
A : Access your Journal from the main menu .
Select Class Quests to view a log of all that has transpired , as well as what lies immediately ahead on your path to adventure .
Q : My weapon is drawn , why is n't that plague rat DEAD !?
A : Just as Van Ghoh could have never painted a single sunflower without clicking the Paint button in his action menu , an adventurer cannot thrust , swing , or throw her weapon until the corresponding button is clicked .
Advertisement
Q : Do blacksmiths and miners have any battle options other than throwing stones ?
A : Not during the Alpha / Beta tests .
Though perhaps through prayer will the Twelve one day grant the Disciples of the Land and the Hand with new ways to fell Eorzea 's nasty beasties .
Advertisement
Items
Q : Why can't I fight barehanded ?
A : Because the Twelve do not wish it .
Eorzean adventurers must have a weapon or tool equipped at all times .
Advertisement
Q : Where can I learn synthesis recipes ?
I tried copying the recipes introduced in certain levequests , but was told I do not have the crystal required for starting the synthesis .
A : Synthesis recipes are as elusive as the answers to questions such as the meaning of life and our purpose here on Hydaelyn .
They must be sought for , and only the diligent shall be rewarded .
Advertisement
While normal synthesis requires the correct combination of crystal type and amount , levequest synthesis is often simplified , with the quest clients providing adventurers with crystals , thus their absence from the levequest recipes .
Q : How do I obtain crystals ?
A : Crystalline manifestations of the planet 's aether are rare , but under special circumstances will form within the bodies of certain creatures .
It is up to you to get those crystals out ...
Advertisement
Other
Q : Where can I synthesize items ?
A : If your current class is one of the Disciples of the Hand , you can perform synthesis anywhere your heart desires .
Advertisement
Q : Where can I mine / quarry ?
A : All miners have the ability to uncover the rough locations of mining and quarry points via their Prospect and Lithoscan abilities .
Advertisement
Q : I 've found a Quarry Point , but I can't quarry !
A : Ah , but do you have a knapping hammer equipped as a secondary arm ?
Q : I cannot synthesize with my secondary tool !
A : Ah , but do you have a file equipped as a secondary arm ?
Q : I 've fallen into a rift in the planet 's surface and cannot escape !
Whatever should I do ?
Advertisement
A : The Land is a treacherous place , littered hither and yon with crevices , chasms , and bottomless pits , all waiting to consume the unsuspecting passerby .
If you find yourself stuck in one of these not - so - proverbial ruts , simply open up your main menu and select Return to warp back to your home point .
Final Fantasy XIV Alpha Test Manual
Embedded Linux Conference 2010 Program is available
From : Tim Bird < tim.bird-AT-am.sony.com >
To : " elc-announce-AT- tree.celinuxforum.org " < elc-announce-AT-tree.celinuxforum.org > , CE Linux Developers List < celinux - dev-AT-tree.celinuxforum.org >
Subject : [ Elc- announce ] Embedded Linux Conference 2010 Program is available !
Date : Wed , 10 Mar 2010 15:37:18 - 0800 Message -ID : < 4B982D2E.4000201@am.sony.com >
Archive - link : Article , Thread
Embedded Linux Developers , CELF is happy to announce that the program for Embedded Linux Conference 2010 is now available , and registration is open for the event !
The conference is coming soon - It will be April 12 - 14 in San Francisco , California .
The program is now available at the conference web site at : http://www.embeddedlinuxconference.com/elc_2010/
( see the " Program " and " Sessions " tabs ) .
Here are some highlights : Greg Kroah - Hartman and Matt Asay will be our keynote speakers at ELC this year .
* Greg Kroah - Hartman - Driver sub -system kernel maintainer , Linux author , and kernel developer , currently with Novell , will talk about " Android : a Case Study of an Embedded Linux Project " * Matt Asay - Canonical COO and long - time open source strategist and blogger for CNET will talk about " Embedded in 2010 : an End to the Entropy ? "
Some notable speakers include : * Mike Anderson - CTO and Chief Scientist of The PTR Group * Greg Ungerer - MMU - less systems kernel maintainer * Grant Likely - Device tree kernel maintainer * Steven Rostedt - Ftrace kernel maintainer
Along with these speakers , there will be 3 days of presentations , tutorials and Bird - of - a- Feather sessions ( over 50 in total ) on topics like : Flash filesystems , Realtime measurement and performance , Graphics and media , Mobile and embedded distributions , Security , Porting and platform bringup , Symmetric Multi-Processing in embedded systems , Development tools , Tracing , Power management ... and much more !
See the full sessions list at the event web site .
This is your chance to meet leading developers from the embedded Linux community , and learn about the latest changes in Linux .
Also , you can talk to engineers working on real products at some of the largest CE companies in the world , describing how they solved real issues in their own development projects .
The Embedded Linux Conference is one of the leading events where you can learn directly from the experts .
A session or even a 15 - minute hallway conversation at ELC can save you weeks of work , or give you just the idea you need to solve that problem you 're working on !!
If that 's not enough , due to a special arrangement with the Linux Foundation , as an attendee of ELC you will also be granted access to all Linux Collaboration Summit sessions and activities .
Please register for the Collaboration Summit separately , AFTER registering for ELC .
See http://events.linuxfoundation.org/events/collaboration-su... for details .
The Collaboration Summit is normally an invitation - only event , but you can guarantee your spot at it by attending ELC .
We 've got a great event planned , that we 're sure you wo n't want to miss .
Register for ELC now by following the link at : http://www.embeddedlinuxconference.com/elc_2010/registrat...
Register by March 20th to receive the " early - bird " discount !
I hope to see you there !
-- Tim =============================
Tim Bird Architecture Group Chair , CE Linux Forum Senior Staff Engineer , Sony Corporation of America =============================
_______________________________________________
Elc-announce mailing list Elc-announce@tree.celinuxforum.org
http://tree.celinuxforum.org/mailman/listinfo/elc-announce
NEW YORK , April 29 ( UPI ) -- Seven in 10 U.S. adults support arresting people who can't prove they 're in the United States legally , a poll about Arizona 's new immigration law indicated .
The Angus Reid Public Opinion poll of 1,002 American adults asked respondents if they'd want four guidelines in Arizona 's immigration law enacted in their own state .
Advertisement
The law , the nation 's toughest , seeks to identify , prosecute and deport illegal immigrants and gives police broad powers to stop people on suspicion of being in the United States illegally .
Seventy - one percent of poll respondents said they 'd support requiring their own police to determine people 's U.S. status if there was " reasonable suspicion " the people were illegal immigrants , the poll found .
An equal percentage supported arresting those people if they could n't prove they were legally in the United States .
Almost two - thirds , or 64 percent , said they believed immigration hurt the United States , with nearly six in 10 , or 58 percent , saying illegal immigrants took jobs away from American workers , the poll found .
When asked about solving the status of illegal immigrants , 45 percent said undocumented workers should be required to leave their jobs and be deported , the poll found .
Sixteen percent said those people should be allowed to continue working on a temporary basis and 28 percent supported letting them to stay and apply for U.S. citizenship .
Respondents in the U.S. Midwest were more likely than those in other areas to express a desire to deport illegal immigrants , the poll found
The online poll , taken April 22 - 23 , has a margin of error of 3.1 percent .
Fabio Capello praised John Terry 's strength of character after the deposed England captain recovered from a nervous start to impose his influence on this contest and help the hosts ease to an ultimately comfortable victory .
Terry had been subjected to boos from a minority of the supporters in the national stadium when his name was read out over the public address system prior to kick - off , and there were some jeers when his first touch was a misplaced pass that sent the ball skidding out of play .
Yet , by the end , his confidence had visibly returned as he barked orders to his team - mates , with the barracking long forgotten and England reassured by his presence .
The player was unperturbed by the dissent , born of the allegations over the Chelsea defender 's private life that cost him the captaincy last month and has since effectively served to condemn Wayne Bridge to the international wilderness .
" There were a few jeers but I can handle that , " he said in the aftermath .
" Everyone 's entitled to their opinion . "
His team - mates and manager were impressed with his display , which was devoid of the uncharacteristic errors that undermined his club performances against Everton , Internazionale and Manchester City in recent weeks .
" I thought John was superb tonight , " said Steven Gerrard , who skippered the side in the absence of the new permanent captain , Rio Ferdinand .
" He handled everything well and he showed he is a fantastic player and a great leader for us . "
Capello added : " I 'm really happy with him , and thank you to the crowd because they supported the team and John Terry .
This was one of the most important games for him after the history of what happened off the pitch .
He played a fantastic game , like I know he plays always at this level .
He showed how important he is for us , yes .
When I chose him as captain , I knew the value of this player because he 's really important on the pitch . "
England had needed a second half revival to see off the reigning African champions , who had led at the interval courtesy of Mohamed Zidan 's well - taken goal following Matthew Upson 's slip .
Capello had been keen to trial the front pairing of Wayne Rooney and Jermain Defoe prior to the interval , but replaced the Tottenham Hotspur forward with his club - mate Peter Crouch as England trailed 1 - 0 at half - time , with the substitute making an immediate impact .
The goals subsequently plundered by Crouch have swollen his tally to 20 in 37 international appearances , to strengthen his claim both for a place in Capello 's provisional squad , which is to be named on 16 May , and arguably for a starting role at the summer 's World Cup finals in South Africa .
" Anyone who plays for England in World Cup year is under a certain amount of pressure , " said Crouch .
" But you can only try to do your best , and that 's what I did .
It 's up to the manager whether I start or not .
All I can do is , when I 'm given a chance , try and take it .
I hope I gave the manager something to think about tonight . "
Asked what Crouch has to do to start more regularly for his country , Capello said : " But if Defoe had scored two goals – and he had two chances – people would have been asking me why I substituted him .
Crouch is one of the important players .
I 've selected him a lot , he 's played a lot for me , and he 's in very good form .
But you have to understand that I wanted to understand what happens with Defoe and Rooney in the first half .
" I know what happens when Rooney plays with Crouch , Carlton Cole or Emile Heskey .
For that reason , today it was better [ to start with Defoe ] in preparation for the World Cup to know whether they can play together .
But Crouch is a big option for me .
In the second half , he made the difference .
" But I was also happy with the chances that we created in the first half : four chances that were really easy to score .
Perhaps in that first half we made some mistakes and , when I spoke with the players at half - time , I told them they had to change something .
They did everything [ I told them to ] in the second half .
This game was important for us and we learned a lot about playing North African teams .
We play Algeria in the World Cup , and we will be more familiar with their style of play now .
This will have been good for us . "
Joe Wilson and Valerie Plame call Rove book ‘ a hoax ’
Former Bush senior adviser Karl Rove has a new book out , Courage and Consequence , in which he attempts to justify his years in the White House .
Longtime investigative journalist Michael Isikoff , however , is not impressed .
“ It is a selective cherry - picking of history , ” Isikoff told MSNBC ’s David Shuster on Thursday .
“ Rove picks out various parts of the record that make him and the Bush White House look great and omits and distorts everything that contradicts him . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Isikoff is particularly irate over the “ highly skewed ” way in which Rove “ portrays himself as an improbable Jean Valjean — an innocent man who , like the persecuted hero of Victor Hugo ’s Les Misérables , is relentlessly hounded by an obsessed lawman determined to put him behind bars . ”
According to Isikoff , Rove ’s self - portrayal as an innocent victim hounded by Patrick Fitzgerald overlooks the fact that it was he himself who let the “ persecution ” play out by not acknowledging at the time that he was the person who confirmed Valerie Plame ’s identity as a CIA officer to columnist Robert Novak .
Instead , he allowed press secretary Scott McClellan to lie on his behalf when the scandal broke and continued to let that lie stand over the next two years .
“ There was Scott McClellan , ” Isikoff emphasized , “ saying any suggestion that Karl Rove was involved was totally ridiculous . …
But the one thing that Rove acknowledges in the book is that he knew from the get - go that he had talked to Robert Novak for his original column .
He was worried enough about it that he says in the book he talked to President Bush and told him about it , he talked to Andy Card , the chief of staff , he talked to Alberto Gonzales . ”
Isikoff added that two days after his initial column , Novak wrote a follow - up referring to his second source , and “ Rove knew instantly that Novak was talking about him In fact , he writes in the book , ‘ I was sick to my stomach . ' ”
“ He never sets the record straight , ” Iskoff concluded .
“ In fact , nobody at the Bush White House ever sets the record straight .
They publicly said , ‘ Karl Rove was not involved . ’ …
Rove portrays himself as an innocent victim being hounded by an obsessive special prosecutor … but never acknowledges that his own actions contributed to that . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Former Ambassador Joe Wilson and his wife Valerie Plame have weighed in on the Rove book as well , describing it as “ a hoax . ”
“ The chapters that relate to the CIA leak scandal are yet another attempt to deflect attention from his central role in the betrayal of Valerie Plame Wilson ’s identity as a covert CIA officer , ” they write .
“ His distortions and fabrications are consistent with his approach throughout this sordid and criminal affair .
Wasting his opportunity to tell the truth , he offers absolutely nothing new , and his selective use of facts and quotes are a transparent effort to continue his long campaign to confuse people , unfortunately consistent with his past behavior .
…
Karl Rove betrayed his nation ; now he has betrayed history . ”
This video is from MSNBC ’s News Live , broadcast March 11 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Download video via RawReplay.com
Bulgarian doctors tested a man 's blood - alcohol level five times before accepting it was 0.914 â nearly twice the amount considered to be life - threatening .
The 67 - year - old man landed in hospital on Dec. 20 after a car knocked him off his feet in the southern Bulgarian city of Plovdiv , police and doctors said Tuesday .
A breath test indicated blood - alcohol levels so high that police thought their equipment was broken , because the man remained conscious and talked with them .
The head of Plovdiv police , Col. Angel Rangelov , said five separate lab tests taken the same day confirmed the man 's blood - alcohol level of 0.914 .
A blood - alcohol level of 0.55 is considered potentially fatal .
In comparison , the Bulgarian man 's level was more than 11 times higher than the legal blood - alcohol limit for drivers in Canada , which is 0.08 .
The man , who has not been identified , was reported to be in stable condition after being treated for head injuries .
<<< NEWS FROM THE LAB - Wednesday , April 21 , 2010 >>>
ARCHIVES | SEARCH Finding Remote Vulnerabilities in a Trojan Posted by Mikko @ 10:40 GMT
Many of our readers are familiar with Poison Ivy , a Remote Access Trojan that is often used in various attacks — especially in targeted espionage attacks .
More information on such RAT applications can be found from this blog post .
Poison Ivy RAT is developed by a Swedish coder called " Shapeless " .
Now , we just learned about a new research paper by Andrzej Dereszowski of Signal11 .
Andrzej was investigating a targeted attack case and discovered that Poison Ivy was used to steal data from the target .
This got him thinking about the fact that lots of researchers do fuzzing and try to find vulnerabilities from Internet Explorer or Adobe PDF Reader — why not try to find vulnerabilities from Poison Ivy ?
And then he did exactly this , uncovering a remote code execution vulnerability from Poison Ivy , making it possible for the victim to attack back at his attacker .
Nice work !
Full paper is available here .
A national think tank is saying the state constitution in Michigan does n't have to be changed to nullify the federal healthcare reform law known as the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act .
Michael Boldin , founder of the Tenth Amendment Center in Los Angeles , said his think tank is saying it is as simple as standard legislative action .
The Tenth Amendment Center is proposing a template for its Federal Health Care Nullification
Act legislation that Boldin said would nullify the federal health care law .
Boldin said he was supportive of other efforts , such as the petition drive in Michigan to change the constitution , but thought legislation may be the simplest way .
" The most difficult thing to have done on the state level is to change the state constitution , " Boldin said .
Boldin said his think tank is now promoting its Federal Health Care Nullification
Act because he says legislation in the 30 - plus states that would change those state 's constitution are not working .
" Most are failing , " Boldin said .
" A lot of them are dropping in committee . "
Boldin called the petition drives taking place in various states — including Michigan — a " great idea . "
" We recognize these petition drives are very , very difficult to have success with , " Boldin said .
" People are not aware there is another option . "
Boldin said no politicians in Michigan have yet taken up the legislation .
It would involve stating that the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act is null and void at the state level .
Then Boldin said the state legislation would have to do " what is necessary " to make sure it would be successful .
An example he gave included a " Sheriffs First " law that would mandate that federal agents had to get permission from county sheriffs to make an arrest .
Michigan has its own efforts underway to overturn the federal health care law .
State Sen. Wayne Kuipers , R- Holland , has proposed Senate Joint Resolution K , which would allow Michigan residents to vote on a constitutional amendment that would overrule federal mandates on health care .
His proposal was voted on by the full Senate but failed to gain the two - thirds majority required of a constitutional amendment proposal .
There are also two similar constitutional amendments proposed in the Michigan House by Reps.
Justin Amash , R - Grand Rapids , and Brain Calley , R- Portland .
Grass roots organizations are now circulating the petitions to put a very similar constitutional amendment on the ballot this November .
To gain to ballot access for the 2010 general election , citizen - initiated constitutional amendments require more than 380,000 valid signatures , submitted by July .
When Jim Caudill 's first wife sat him down and explained that she wanted a divorce , she had a long list of complaints :
He did n't help enough with the kids .
He did n't do his share of the housework .
They were more devoted to work than to each other .
Then she brought up the English muffins .
" She said , ' You never butter them to the edges , you just pat it in the middle , ' " says Mr. Caudill , a 59 - year - old winery marketing representative in Santa Rosa , Calif .
Mr ....
Governments Worried about Peak Oil But Not Enough to Tell You the Truth .
Part 2 of my report : Officials Wake Up to Peak Oil
In theof this series , I reviewed a series of reports from March supporting the peak oil view , and warning that world oil production very well may go into terminal decline by 2015 or sooner .
The sources included the UK Industry Task Force on Peak Oil and Energy Security and officials within the British government ; researchers within the College of Engineering and Petroleum at Kuwait University ; researchers from Oxford University ; and ConocoPhillips , the third - largest oil company in the U.S .
On March 25 , the U.S. Department of Energy ( DoE ) joined the officially worried , with a report in French newspaper Le Monde titled " Washington considers a decline of world oil production as of 2011 . "
~~ad_0 ~~
The author had pestered Glen Sweetnam , director of the International , Economic and Greenhouse Gas division of the Energy Information Agency ( EIA ) , for details about a presentation he had given at a semi-public DoE round - table with oil economists in April 2009 .
How he got wind of it , I do n't know , but I admire his persistence .
The zinger was this chart :
Source : Glen Sweetnam , " Meeting the World 's Demand for Liquid Fuels - A Roundtable Discussion , " EIA 2009 Energy Conference , April 7 , 2009 , Washington , DC
The implication was obvious :
The EIA has no idea how production could increase after 2012 .
In the absence of these " unidentified projects , " they expect global oil supply to decline by about 2 % per year - from 87 million barrels per day ( mbpd ) in 2011 to 80 mbpd by 2015 - while demand rises to 90 mbpd .
Within five years , then , there will be a 10 mbpd gap between supply and demand — roughly a Saudi Arabia 's worth of production ( currently 10.8 mbpd ) .
( I should note that although Sweetnam 's chart gives the EIA 's Annual Energy Outlook 2009 as the source , I found no such chart , nor even the data that might produce it , in my copy of that publication .
I am unable to explain that discrepancy . )
The agency officially continues to lay any concerns about future supply at the feet of insufficient investment .
In Sweetnam 's interview with Le Monde , he put it this way : " ' a chance exists that we may experience a decline ' of world liquid fuels production between 2011 and 2015 ‘ if the investment is not there . ' "
It 's a weak position to take in the wake of the oil price blow - off of 2008 .
The world 's developed economies simply cannot tolerate the high prices that would entice that investment ( see " ' Peak Oil Demand , ' Yes ... But Not the Nice Kind " ) , and I 'm sure the EIA knows it .
You'd think the American media would have been all over the story , as it signaled a major about - face in the official U.S. position on peak oil .
As recently as 2008 , the EIA 's base case scenario was for oil supply to rise through 2030 , and not decline until 2090 !
Yet five days later when I Googled it , there was not one story from a major domestic publication .
Only blogs and the usual peak oil sites had picked it up .
In my seasoned judgment , the American media blackout is deliberate .
And speaking of media blackouts ...
Media Blackout at the World 's Biggest Energy Forum
On March 30 - 31 , the biennial International Energy Forum ( IEF ) summit took place in Cancun .
Attendees at the world 's largest energy forum included ministers from 64 countries , members of the IEA and OPEC , and other dignitaries .
In parallel , Cancun also hosted the International Energy Business Forum , attended by some 36 companies including the top executives of China National Petroleum Corp ( CNPC ) , ExxonMobil and Royal Dutch Shell .
In short , the twin conferences were a Very Big Deal .
But when I searched Google News for stories containing the exact phrase " International Energy Forum " and published during the conference , it was n't until the seventh page of results that I found any stories from major American media outlets , and those stories were strictly focused on specific issues like oil and gas prices .
They said not a word about peak oil .
A journalist from the oil and gas media organization Platts explained what happened on his blog .
All media were barred from the IEF conference room , and exiled to a press room where the presentations were shown on monitors with no sound .
When reporters asked for sound , the monitors were turned off .
All sessions were then declared to be private , and the reporters that had come from around the globe to cover the conference were simply shut out .
According to journalist Matthew Wild , the presentations included one from PFC Energy titled " Unpacking Uncertainty : Investment Issues in the Petroleum Sector . "
The document reviews three forecasts for oil supply :
The IEA's , which shows it reaching 109 mbpd by 2030 ; OPEC's , which expects it to reach 111 mbpd ; and PFC's own , which expects supply to peak around 2020 - 2025 at 95 mbpd , then decline to 90 mbpd by 2030 .
Although it sees the decline of mature fields proceeding at a slower rate than the IEA , PFC Energy still believes it will be " rapid enough to produce a world energy picture that differs vastly from previous long - range energy assessments , " and goes on to explain :
This is not a world of " peak oil " where global hydrocarbon potential is exhausted , but rather of peak production , where the petroleum industry 's ability to continue to increase - or even maintain - production of conventional oil ( and eventually gas ) is constrained .
Exploitation of unconventional oil will provide additional liquids , but in all probability only at increasingly higher costs , and it will depend on significant investments to develop appropriate technologies to convert today 's resources into tomorrow 's reserves .
The exact timing of both the plateau and onset of irreversible decline will be influenced by the factors that determine long - term changes in supply and demand .
Nevertheless , the challenge is coming , and this emerging world of limited conventional production will require major adjustments on the part of both consumers and producers .
The phrasing of the first statement is curious .
Serious observers know that " peak oil " has never meant the exhaustion of hydrocarbon potential , and has always meant the peak of production flow rates .
I covered a presentation by Michael Rodgers of PFC Energy at last year 's peak oil conference , so I must believe that PFC Energy knows better than to characterize peak oil that way and simply chose to do so for the appeasement of its IEF audience .
~~ad_0 ~~
In any case , we now know that the world 's top energy ministers have seen a serious presentation on peak oil , and heard the warning about its seriousness , albeit a somewhat soft - pedaled one .
Most reports on the conference featured the theme that better data and transparency on reserves reporting is needed - a bell that peak oil mavens like Colin Campbell have been ringing for over a decade .
Without it , the world is in the dark about the true future of oil supply .
To reinforce that point , IEA head Nobuo Tanaka told the Financial Times at the conference that it has invited China to join the IEA because global oil demand has shifted to the East .
" Our relevance is under question , " he worried , as the opacity of data on Chinese oil demand and inventory threatens to blind the agency to the true state of the world 's oil markets .
Another key theme was an evident widespread concern about the volatility of oil prices .
By the end of the conference , IEA , OPEC , and the IEF were expected to announce a " joint action plan " to control volatility and ensure that prices remain stable enough to encourage new production .
While the IEF was under way , the chairman of the Intercontinental Exchange ( ICE ) told Reuters that blaming speculators for price spikes was a " crutch " used to avoid looking at the realities of oil supply and demand .
As I explained in July 2009 , traders have turned to the ICE to skirt the stricter position limits on the NYMEX .
The Commodity Futures Trading Commission ( CFTC ) has now proposed new regulations to limit the influence of speculators in the energy markets , which are up for public comment until April 26 .
You ( Still ) Can't Handle the Truth
By any measure , March was a watershed month for the truth about peak oil .
Estimates on the timing of the peak have narrowed dramatically , and now center on the 2012 - 2015 time frame .
The range of estimates on the peak rate of production remain a bit broader and shrouded in caveats , but they are rapidly drawing closer to 90 mbpd .
And the globally averaged , post - peak annual decline rates are settling in around 2 % .
In other words , industry and governments appear to be coming around to what my call has been all along : 2012 , at 90 mbpd or less , then declining at about 2.5 % per year .
Now we know that the oil and gas industry , as well as the world 's governments , are not only aware of the peak oil threat ... they too are deeply worried about it .
Worried enough to huddle behind closed doors , away from the press .
Worried enough to formulate plans to control price volatility .
Worried enough to agitate for more transparent data .
Worried enough to begin planning for a future of relentlessly declining energy .
But not worried enough to tell the American people the truth ... not just yet .
Regards ,
Chris Nelder
~~ad_0 ~~
Pamela Geller and Robert Spencer hosted a video of a young Hindu girl obviously inspired by extremists such as the fanatics who destroyed the Babri Mosque on their respective websites .
( hat tip : Jack )
In the video she calls for “ wiping Pakistan off the map . ”
Does that sound familiar ?
Pamela Geller and Robert Spencer now have no right to complain about Ahamdinejad ’s statements to “ wipe Israel off the map ” as it rings hollow and hypocritical as they are more than happy to entertain the destruction of a whole country when it is predominantly “ Mooslim . ”
This is the video that both Pamela and Robert hosted on their site :
Pamela Geller commented that : “ Perhaps with an online Colb . ( collaboration ) we can run her for president in ’ 16 .
She gets it . ”
Robert Spencer remarks : “ The girl is right : do not fear .
Fight back against the jihad .
Fear hands the jihadis a weapon . ”
One thing that Pamela and Robert do n’t seem to understand or care about is that this girl ’s hatred is not limited to Muslims but it extends to Christians and Americans .
At 24 seconds the video translates what she says as , “ Tell those clerics , Pakistanis and Jihadis that you do not fear bomb blasts and acts of terrorism , ” in fact what she says is , “ Tell those clerics , Pakistanis and Christians that you do not fear bomb blasts and acts of terrorism . ”
A mistranslation that seems to have ironically gone right over the head of the “ scholar ” Robert Spencer and his lunatic buddy Pamela Geller .
Commenters on Geller ’s site were enthusiastic , calling the girl a “ natural - born leader , ” “ incredible , ” “ amazing , ” “ fantastic , ” while a few of the more “ restrained ” commenters argued that while they were all for nuking Pakistan it would n’t solve the problem .
The video drew little heated debate and exchanges on JihadWatch with the usual commenters fawning over her calls for the destruction of Muslims , while a few critical voices accused of “ taqiyyah ” pointed out the fact that Spencer was a hypocrite for hosting this video .
Sony 's PlayStation Network has been hit by a glitch that has left users on all continents unable to connect to the online service , the company said Monday .
More : Visit PCWorld 's Game On Blog for hands - on coverage of the issue , and all the latest updates .
The PlayStation Network is an Internet - based service that connects PlayStation 3 consoles to online stores , software downloads and is used as a platform for some multiplayer online games .
It has about 38 million users worldwide .
The problem appears to be affecting only the older PlayStation 3 consoles and not the newer so - called " slim " models that were recently launched , according to messages on Twitter .
First reports of the problem began appearing online at around 4 pm PST on Sunday , and acknowledgement came from Sony's U.S. unit in the form of a blog and Twitter posting .
" We 're aware that many of you are having difficulty connecting to the PlayStation Network this evening , " said Jeff Rubenstein , social media manager for Sony Computer Entertainment America , on the company 's blog .
" Know that we have narrowed down the issue and have engineers working to restore service even as you read this , " he wrote .
But the company 's Tokyo headquarters said shortly afterwards that it had yet to determine the problem that had caused so many consoles to be denied access to the network .
The Twitter channel was filled with messages from PlayStation 3 owners .
The vast majority of the messages expressed anger at Sony and many Twitter users turned to profanities to express their feelings towards the glitch .
" We 're narrowing down the issue and continue to work to restore service to all .
Updates as soon as we have them , " the company said on its @SonyPlayStation Twitter channel .
As of time of writing , shortly before 9 a.m. GMT , the channel had gone about five hours without any updates .
The lack of information appears to have frustrated other users .
" You guys still working on this ? , " said Twitter user ChrisJStone .
" I thanked you on updates , but I assumed you 'd ... make more .
Do n't want to lose customers . "
D.C. Council approves medical marijuana
By Washington Post editors
The D.C. Council unanimously approved a bill Tuesday to allow chronically ill patients to receive a doctor 's prescription to use marijuana and buy it from a city - sanctioned distribution center .
Under the bill , which passed without debate , a patient who suffers from HIV , glaucoma , cancer or a " chronic and lasting disease " may receive a doctor 's recommendation to possess up to 2 ounces of marijuana in a 30 - day period .
The patient would not be allowed to grow their own marijuana , but between five and eight pot distribution centers would be established in the city .
Those distribution centers would receive marijuana from privately run cultivation centers , where up to 95 marijuana plants could be grown at a given time .
The distribution and cultivation centers , which could not be located within 300 feet of a school or preschool , would be operated by private or nonprofit organizations and businesses that would be licensed by the city .
The council will have to vote on it a second time next month .
But it will likely be at least several months before the city 's medical marijuana program gets off the ground .
-- Tim Craig
View the full blog post to access video content .
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions
Last Monday
I decided to do one of my silly and - admittedly - childish phone calls under the guise of my Timewaster Letters character , So I switched on LBC ( a London talk radio station ) where the topic was Gordon Brown 's alleged bad temper .
I called up and got through almost instantly .
" What do you want to talk about ? " asked the LBC operator .
Without time to think I replied , " Gordon Brown visited my place of work and lost his temper right in front of me " .
Very soon I was on air , explaining how Gordon Brown had toured my workshop - a ' lamination factory ' - and thrown a tangerine into one of the machines , breaking it , before calling a member of staff a ' citric idiot ' .
It was all I could think of at the time .
A load of nonsense .
But I was quite proud of the phrase , ' citric idiot ' .
Anyway , skip forward to Friday night .
It 's midnight .
I 'm lying in bed , when I get a message on twitter that the tangerine story had been mentioned on BBC Two's .
I clicked on iPlayer and fourteen minutes in , I see the brilliant David Mitchell telling his guests that Gordon Brown had allegedly thrown a tangerine into a lamination machine .
What ?!
I immediately stuck my phone call up on my site ( I 'd animated it with my crap drawings ) , mentioning how it had been picked up on .
Very soon someone tweeted saying that they 'd read about the tangerine incident in the .
And there was a link !
Within seconds , someone else added that it had been in , with the headline : " Gordon Brown accused of throwing a tangerine " .
The article went on to say , " One of the factory workers toldMr Brown became angry and threw a tangerine he was holding into a laminating machine " .
Sorry ?
" One of the factory workers told ? " Yes .
The story was intoo .
So apparently a pretend worker at a pretend factory phonedto tell them about a pretend incident with a pretend tangerine breaking a pretend lamination machine .
People on Twitter started referring to this as ' Tangerinegate ' , and soon , the name stuck .
Then a ' Tangerinegate ' wiki page appeared .
All this within a matter of hours .
But my favourite part was when a Hong Kong news agency , which had previously , and bizarrely , animated various incidents of the Brown bullying story , animated my story as well .
There it was in black and orange : a sort of man throwing a tangerine into a machine .
I laughed so hard , I almost puked my lungs onto my legs .
To think that 6000 miles away , a news director in a Hong Kong office had actually instructed one of his animators to show the British Prime Minister throwing a tangerine into a lamination machine .
Did the animator have to google ' lamination machines ' for reference ?
Actually , the tangerine and the machine looked pretty good , but the factory resembled a sort of oversized torture chamber .
I should add that of all the press that covered Tangerinegate , only the FT were highly suspicious of it .
So hats off to them .
But toand , I just want to let you know that I have another amazing story of the time David Cameron visited the very same factory , and threw a carton of milk into the very same machine , before calling the very same factory worker a " lactic imbecile " .
Colin Campbell explains Ovechkin suspension
During an appearance on NHL Live Wednesday afternoon , NHL discipline chief Colin Campbell touched on many of the hot - button issues that have been percolating around his sport and his role in recent weeks .
And , of course , he dealt with the Alex Ovechkin two - game suspension .
Campbell was sort of given a two - part question : to explain why Ovechkin was treated differently than Maxim Lapierre , who got a four - game rest for a hit Scott Nichol , and why Ovechkin got the two - game ban .
" Well Lapierre first of all did n't have a record , " Campbell said .
" It might have been more if he was a repeat offender .
We felt when you watch the play he had no regard for the puck .
In fact , the puck was n't there .
It was a useless play and a dangerous play at a point where I think all players know at that speed it 's pretty reckless to give a guy a crosscheck in the middle of the back in the position he was in .... We felt like that was a reckless play , but he was a first - time offender , so it was what it was , and it could have been worse ....
" In Ovechkin 's case , you 're dealing with a player who , he 's been suspended once , " Campbell continued .
" And we fined him once this year .
" So in talking with some guys the other day , having coached Mark Messier , Mark Messier was a big strong , what they call a moose , bull of a player .
When he played , he played between 205 and 210 .
Ovechkin's at 235 .
And so what he did , I understand the Washington people feel that we might be picking on him and that we do n't allow him to play his game , but I think they understand that at some point in time you 've got to responsible and somewhat thoughtful when you 're going into boards , boards that do n't move ....
" And so I think he has to be responsible in how he takes a [ Brian ] Campbell in , and what kind of position the other player 's in .
And he had moved the puck already , Campbell .
Look , if there 's no injury on the play , we probably , we do n't do anything , but that 's part of the supplemental discipline process .
If you cause a player to be injured , then you have to be responsible for the play that you 're involved in , if there 's any carelessness or recklessness in it .
" And it 's not Alexander 's first issue .
You know , we 've dealt with a few others , and we 've talked about that very aspect of the play .
Now having said that , you enjoy him as a player and you like the fact that you have a finesse player that 's also aggressive and plays both sides of the game .
And hopefully we do n't have to have a conversation ever again in his career . "
The headline , of course , is Colin Campbell openly saying that had Chicago 's defenseman not been hurt , Ovechkin probably would n't have been suspended .
Sure , there are real - life examples people will point to in justifying such a policy ( running a stop sign is treated more harshly if you crash into a baby than if nothing happens ) .
But as many have said using many words , if you want to change NHL behavior , you have to legislate against the act , not the consequences .
Because otherwise , you 're quite literally giving more incentive to hit big and sturdy players and protecting small and fragile players , and that just does n't make any sense .
( These quotes were typed running and might be off by a word or two ; will update with complete transcript later . )
UPDATED : Since some of you asked , the segment did indeed open with questions about the head shots debate and Matt Cooke 's hit on Marc Savard .
Campbell said they want to get a new rule in place as soon as possible , " so there 's no gray areas here when something might happen . "
And he said the debate preceded even Mike Richards 's hit on David Booth earlier this season .
" We 've been dealing with these things on a rising kind of crescendo over the last number of years , " Campbell said .
" We increased the speed of the game of hockey , and at the same time players are getting bigger and faster and stronger .
And we came out of the lockout with a great game , and we made it a better game to watch , a better game to play for the players ....
When we opened this game up , there was a ying for the yang , and we had a lot more car crashes , and the car crashes were legal , based upon shoulders hitting heads .
( Emphasis added . )
" But we 've got to make an attempt to reduce the concussions , " Campbell continued , " and we 've been doing that .
And there was something that the managers did n't like last November -- they could n't get a grasp around it -- but there was something they did n't like about the Richards - Booth hit and we 've been working on that going into the [ GMs ] meeting .... The Booth hit started it , and the Savard hit ended it this year , and so we were reminded quite graphically that it 's something that we had to attend to . "
Photo : iStockPhoto ; Creative Commons
Anyone who said Mayor Bloomberg ’s voluntary sodium reduction initiatives were a slippery slope should feel pretty vindicated ( and terrified ) by this : New York State Assemblyman Felix Ortiz has introduced a bill that would outright ban the use of any salt in the preparation of restaurant food .
“ In this way , ” Ortiz babbles maniacally to Nation ’s Restaurant News , “ consumers have more control over the amount of sodium they intake , and are given the option to exercise healthier diets and healthier lifestyles . ”
Right — and maybe chefs should n’t even bother cooking and we should just have microwaves at every table , along with electronic ordering systems .
Check out the text of the bill below ; it proposes a minimum $ 1,000 fine for “ each use of salt , ” though it ’s not clear what exactly a “ use ” is — $ 1,000 for each pinch of salt that goes onto your otherwise perfectly healthy pork belly ?
Stossel , go !
10129
I N A S S E M B L Y
March 5 , 2010
Introduced by M. of A. ORTIZ , MARKEY – Multi-Sponsored by – M. of A. PERRY – read once and referred to the Committee on Health
AN ACT to amend the general business law , in relation to prohibiting the use of salt in the preparation of food by restaurants
THE PEOPLE OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK , REPRESENTED IN SENATE AND ASSEMBLY , DO ENACT AS FOLLOWS :
Section 1 .
The general business law is amended by adding a new section 399 - bbb to read as follows :
S 399 - BBB .
PROHIBITION ON SALT ; RESTAURANTS .
1 . NO OWNER OR OPERATOR
OF A RESTAURANT IN THIS STATE SHALL USE SALT IN ANY FORM IN THE PREPARATION OF ANY FOOD FOR CONSUMPTION BY CUSTOMERS OF SUCH RESTAURANT , INCLUDING FOOD PREPARED TO BE CONSUMED ON THE PREMISES OF SUCH RESTAURANT OR OFF OF SUCH PREMISES .
2. WHENEVER THERE SHALL BE A VIOLATION OF THIS SECTION AN APPLICATION MAY BE MADE BY THE ATTORNEY GENERAL IN THE NAME OF THE PEOPLE OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK TO A COURT OR JUSTICE HAVING JURISDICTION BY A SPECIAL PROCEEDING TO ISSUE AN INJUNCTION , AND UPON NOTICE TO THE DEFENDANT OF NOT LESS THAN FIVE DAYS , TO ENJOIN AND RESTRAIN THE CONTINUANCE OF SUCH VIOLATIONS ; AND IF IT SHALL APPEAR TO THE SATISFACTION OF THE COURT OR JUSTICE THAT THE DEFENDANT HAS , IN FACT , VIOLATED THIS SECTION , AN INJUNCTION MAY BE ISSUED BY THE COURT OR JUSTICE , ENJOINING AND RESTRAINING ANY FURTHER VIOLATIONS , WITHOUT REQUIRING PROOF THAT ANY PERSON HAS , IN FACT , BEEN INJURED OR DAMAGED THEREBY .
IN ANY SUCH PROCEEDING , THE COURT MAY MAKE ALLOWANCES TO THE ATTORNEY GENERAL AS PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH SIX OF SUBDIVISION ( A ) OF SECTION EIGHTY - THREE HUNDRED THREE OF THE CIVIL PRACTICE LAW AND RULES , AND DIRECT RESTITUTION .
WHENEVER THE COURT SHALL DETERMINE THAT A VIOLATION OF THIS SECTION HAS OCCURRED , THE COURT MAY IMPOSE A CIVIL PENALTY OF NOT MORE THAN ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS FOR EACH VIOLATION .
EACH USE OF SALT IN VIOLATION OF THIS SECTION SHALL CONSTITUTE A SEPARATE VIOLATION .
IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SUCH PROPOSED APPLICATION , THE ATTORNEY GENERAL IS AUTHORIZED TO TAKE PROOF AND MAKE A DETERMINATION OF THE RELEVANT FACTS AND TO ISSUE SUBPOENAS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE CIVIL PRACTICE LAW AND RULES .
S 2 . This act shall take effect on the thirtieth day after it shall have become a law .
EXPLANATION–Matter in ITALICS ( underscored ) is new ; matter in brackets [ ] is old law to be omitted .
N.Y. lawmaker seeks to ban salt in restaurants [ NRN ]
A10129 Summary [ New York State Assembly ]
Washington has awarded more than 107 billion dollars in payments to foreign and US companies doing business in Iran despite US sanctions , The New York Times has reported .
That sum included nearly 15 billion dollars paid to companies that defied US sanctions law by making large investments that helped Iran develop its vast oil and gas reserves , said the paper .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Times compiled the figures from an analysis of government and business records .
Both President Barack Obama and former president George W. Bush had sent mixed messages to the corporate world when it comes to doing business in Iran , said the report .
Their administrations had rewarded companies whose commercial interests conflicted with US security goals , it added .
More than two - thirds of the government money had gone to companies doing business in Iran ?s energy industry , a stronghold of the increasingly powerful Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps .
Yet this group is meant to a primary focus of the Obama administration ? s proposed sanctions because of its involvement in Iran ’s nuclear and missile programs , the paper said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Other companies had been involved in auto manufacturing and distribution .
The government payments included 102 billion dollars contract payments since 2000 ; and nearly 4.5 billion dollars in loans and loan guarantees from the Export - Import Bank .
Another 500 million dollars was paid out in grants for work including cancer research and the transformation of agricultural byproducts into fuel , said the report .
ADVERTISEMENT
In addition , oil and gas companies that had done business in Iran had over the years won lucrative drilling leases for close to 14 million acres of offshore and onshore federal land , the paper said .
The government bars US companies from most types of trade with Iran .
ADVERTISEMENT
Among the foreign companies in the report were South Korean engineering giant Daelim Industrial , Anglo - Dutch oil giant Royal Dutch Shell and Brazilian state - controlled energy conglomerate Petrobras .
A contestant has the chance to win £ 10 000 if they can convince their friends that a grotesque character ( all played by Wootton ) is actually their best friend .
The character is so abhorrent ...
See full summary »
If I 'm not mistaken , Steven Moffat suddenly shudders .
But the new Doctor
Who showrunner , previously the creator of such creatures as the flesh - eating shadowy Vashta Nerada and the clockwork robots that terrorised Madame de Pompadour , and the writer of Blink ( frequently said to be the best Doctor Who episode ever ) , is n't chilled by the thought of malevolent monsters , unappealing aliens or sinister villains soon to appear in the Whoniverse .
Rather , he winces at the prospect of a Conservative government – and specifically the influence that Rupert and James Murdoch may exert over it , its media policy and its attitude to the BBC .
" I hope the Tories do n't win .
Let 's not beat around the bush , " he says . " [ But ]
I 'd hope that anyone who becomes prime minister would look at the organisation and ask themselves if the world would really be better off without it . "
Moffat is not blind to the corporation 's faults , but sees it as " an incredibly responsible and brilliant organisation " that is " never given credit for trying to hold itself to a higher standard , one that no newspaper or other broadcaster is " .
As for the Murdochs , Moffat is mordant .
" Are we really going to put James Murdoch in place of [ the BBC ] ?
Can you imagine how shit everything would be ?
Never mind the fine and glorious things that the BBC does , imagine how shit everything would be !
Stuff would be shit !
Let 's not have really good restaurants , let 's have Kentucky Fried Chicken ! "
It is fighting talk , and perhaps predictable from a man who has been given the keys to one of the BBC 's biggest shows .
But the Paisley - born teacher 's son , who was a teacher himself for three years , is in ebullient mood .
The Eleventh Hour – the new series 's first episode – approaches , and he 's counting the days until we see Matt Smith 's Doctor and his new companion , Karen Gillan as Amy Pond , embark on their debut adventure on 3 April .
Buckets of cash
When MediaGuardian interviewed Russell T Davies on the eve of the 2005 revival of Doctor Who , the question was : would anyone watch a rebooted version of what was deemed to be a ropey old drama ?
Few could have imagined the amazing monster that Davies 's Doctor Who would become and its transformative effect on British TV – not just spawning Torchwood and The Sarah Jane Adventures , but making Saturday - night family drama an attractive proposition .
While Davies 's
Who was by no means perfect , the show Moffat inherited is not ropey but revered .
And besides winning awards and regularly pulling audiences in excess of 10 million , Doctor Who makes buckets of cash .
The precise worth of the brand is a closely guarded secret , but according to BBC Worldwide the drama has been sold to over 50 territories and has shifted more than 3.3 m
DVDs , more than 7 m action figures and , in 2009 alone , around 300,000 books .
And then there are the pencilcases and folders , Cyberman and Dalek masks and the deal , reputed to be worth £ 10 m , to bring Doctor Who to Nintendo DS and Wii .
Meanwhile , David Tennant 's final outing as the Doctor secured BBC America 's highest primetime rating and Doctor Who is BBC Worldwide 's top- selling download on iTunes in the US .
In short , it 's a behemoth of a brand .
The burden Moffat bears , therefore , is quite different from that shouldered by Davies in 2005 , and it 's something of which he 's very conscious .
" To me , a ' brand ' sounds evil , " he says , " reminiscent of men in tall hats running factories and beating small children , but you have to be across it .
All those things should be joyous – those toys should be terrific – because the active creative engagement of children with Doctor Who is unlike any other show that they watch .
When Doctor
Who is over , they get up , invent their own monster , their own planet , their own Doctor and play .
I know because my son recently designed a new Tardis control room .
If anyone said to me ' invent a new monster so we can sell more toys ' , I 'd kick them out of my office . "
Moffat says he does n't have an agenda for how his Doctor Who will differ from Davies 's but " these things happen as a matter of instinct " and his instinct led him towards a more " storybook quality " .
" For me , Doctor Who literally is a fairy tale .
It 's not really science fiction .
It 's not set in space , it 's set under your bed .
It 's at its best when it 's related to you , no matter what planet it 's set on .
" Every time it cleaves towards that , it 's very strong .
Although it is watched by far more adults than children , there 's something fundamental in its DNA that makes it a children 's programme and it makes children of everyone who watches it .
If you 're still a grown up by the end of that opening music , you 've not been paying attention . "
Not paying attention is not something you could accuse Moffat of .
He is immersed in the Doctor 's details and has the show " in his bones " , but acknowledges there 's " a huge , huge , monumental difference " between being part of the writing team – producing episodes that tap brilliantly into such childhood anxieties as fear of the dark or of what happens in the world when you blink – and running the whole shebang .
The size of the job made him think twice , as did the amount of time that he would have to spend in Cardiff ; the London - based writer has two young sons with the TV producer Sue Vertue .
In the end , though , after his dad sent a childhood photo of him reading a Doctor Who book , there could only be one decision .
" You do n't think of it in terms of a challenge .
You think ' Ooh , would n't it be great to do that ! ' and I 'm now in the fortunate position of being able to think that and make it happen . "
Making it happen means going boldly , and with a " Geronimo ! " that appears to be a catchphrase of the new Doctor .
Moffat is reluctant to plunder
Who 's history without good reason – " The more you back - reference , the more it feels like a sequel and the sequel is never as good as the original " – but that is n't to say that the past is another galaxy .
" Old favourites can return , provided you can do something new and exciting with them .
There are no past characters coming back in this series , but I imagine that kids would love to see Captain Jack meet the new Doctor . "
Although he 's been able to fund a rearrangement of the theme tune , new titles and a new Tardis interior , Doctor Who is " subject to efficiency savings like everyone else .
[ But ] no one is going to say that it looks cheaper because it does n't . "
And despite the fact that " all we writers really want to do is write a script , toss it over a wall and go out with strippers " , Moffat is in charge , in his element .
He may be known for the clever , darker episodes of Doctor Who but he has mischief in mind now .
" I want to do more fun .
I had n't done an episode one , which is a very different kind of episode , and I had n't done a finale either – and that was a hoot . "
And what happens in that ?
" Practically everything , " Moffat smirks .
" And some of it twice . "
BI Umweltschutz : " Uns interessiert längst , was in den 90er Jahren in den Akten verschwand " - Widerstand regt sich
Die CDU rudert zurück .
Vor dem Start des Gorleben - Untersuchungsausschusses im Bundestag bestätigt ihr Obmann im Ausschuss , Reinhard Grindel , die frühere Einflussnahme von Regierungsbeamten auf den Zwischenbericht der damals federführenden Physikalisch - Technischen Bundesanstalt ( PTB ) - und wirft der Opposition vor , den Fall zu skandalisieren .
Der Ausschuss soll ab nächster Woche vor allem Vorwürfe der Opposition klären , vor der CDU / FDP - Regierungsentscheidung zur untertägigen " Erkundung " von Gorleben als Atom - Endlager 1983 sei das zentrale Gutachten der PTB manipuliert worden .
Der CDU - Obmann im Ausschuss , Reinhard Grindel , versuchte , vorab der Opposition den Wind aus den Segeln zu nehmen .
Er bestätigte einen Teil der Vorwürfe als bekannte Sachverhalte : " Ja , es ist Einfluss genommen worden in der Frage , ob neben Gorleben alternative Standorte untersucht werden " , sagte Grindel .
Die politischen Gründe seien aber nachvollziehbar , Mehrkosten und Debatten bei einer Alternativsuche sollten vermieden werden .
Die Bürgerinitiative Umweltschutz Lüchow - Dannenberg ( BI ) kontert : " Mehrkosten werden auf Kosten von Sicherheit gescheut , die Angst vor Protesten bei der Benennung anderer Standorte bei vergleichenden Untersuchungen treibt die Unionspolitiker immer noch um - damit stellt Reinhard Grindel seiner Partei - im doppelten Sinne - ein Armutszeugnis aus . "
Die Flucht nach vorn werde die Gorleben - Befürworter in der Union nicht retten , prophezeit BI - Sprecher Wolfgang Ehmke : " Die Litanei einer ergebnisoffenen Suche auf dermaßen schwankendem Grund verhallt , zumal Bundesumweltminister Norbert Röttgen an der Einbahnstraße Gorleben festhält . "
Die geschönte Expertise der PTB aus dem Jahr 1983 machte den politisch vorgezeichneten
Weg frei für eine Kabinettsentscheidung am 13 .
Juli 1983 unter Helmut Kohl ( CDU ) .
Drei Jahre später , am 17.03.1986 begann das Schachtabteufen in Gorleben , mitten in einer Störzone .
Laugennester , die in den 90er Jahren angetroffen wurden , wurden verschwiegen .
" Den Plan , an der Atomkraft und an Gorleben festzuhalten , werden wir jetzt nachhaltig durchkreuzen , " kündigt die BI an .
Fachtagung Gorleben 16./17 .
April in Dannenberg / Elbe
Start des bunten Trecks nach Krümmel , 21 .
April Gorleben / Elbe 14 Uhr
www.bi-luechow-dannenberg.de
www.kruemmel-treck.de
Pressemitteilung 15.04.2010
Wolfgang Ehmke 0170 510 56 06
Bürgerinitiative Umweltschutz Lüchow - Dannenberg e.V.
Rosenstr. 20 29439 Lüchow
< http://www.bi-luechow-dannenberg.de>
Büro : Tel : 05841-4684 Fax : -3197
buero@bi-luechow-dannenberg.de
The reality is employees and bosses will always have a difference in opinion .
The difference of opinion is not the problem , as long both are able to put aside their personal preferences and thoughts and align themselves with the goals of the organization .
Remember : Goal alignment of stakeholders is the success mantra for any company .
It is extremely necessary to share the vision and mission of a team or a department or of the entire firm so that employees can be aligned with the intentions with which work deliverables are set up in organizations .
However incomplete information and lack of communication often creates distrust and a lack of understanding from both the parties .
Share this :
Tweet
WhatsApp
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Voices of the Tea Party
The New York Times asked supporters of the Tea Party movement to submit videos , up to two minutes long , describing their concerns for the United States and hopes for how the Tea Party could help .
The leg of a patient is chained to a post at the Galuh foundation for people with mental health conditions on February 10 , 2010 in Bekasi , Indonesia .
Belief in black magic is commonplace in Indonesia , where there is much ignorance over mental health issues , with traditional healers instead consulted for apparent sufferers .
2007 figures suggested that 4.6 % of the nation suffered from serious mental disorders in a country whose population now stands at around 230 million , with only around 700 psychiatrists across 48 psychiatric hospitals available to help treat those affected .
( Ulet Ifansasti / Getty Images ) #
The Castlevania titles have seen releases on a variety of game consoles over the years , but it's this PC Engine release that 's garnered a lot of attention and focus among diehard game fans and collectors over the years .
Since the game was only released in Japan , gamers who wanted to play the game have long been forced to pay the lofty price tag to import the game , at least until now .
With the release of Castlevania : Rondo of Blood on the Virtual Console service , gamers can finally enjoy the game without having to pay the exorbitant price tag associated without the original PC Engine CD release .
Fans of the earlier Castlevania releases should feel right at home with Rondo of Blood as it does n't stray too far from the traditional gameplay elements found in the 8 and 16 - bit releases .
The majority of your tasks will be platforming your way through the game 's many levels and using your whip to take down the many enemies that come your way .
Speciality items also make a return in the game and are once again controlled by pressing Up on the D - Pad .
Konami obviously felt the standard control scheme worked quite well in the previous releases so why mess with a good thing ?
One interesting feature of Rondo of Blood is the hidden and branching pathways through the game 's various levels .
There 's no one way to travel through the game and many alternate pathways feature new and sometimes more challenging bosses to take on .
Some will prove to be shortcuts , whereas others can end up being the long way around , not to mention quite a bit more difficult .
It 's up to you to figure out which is which throughout the course of the game .
Rondo of Blood features the same smooth and responsive controls fans of the earlier efforts have come to expect from the games , although this might turn off more recent fans who 've come to expect the more in - depth character controls in many of the later Castlevania releases .
The levels themselves are very well designed and offer plenty of challenges on your way to one of the game 's many engaging boss fights .
Combine the alternate pathways with some of the most playable boss fights in the series and you have a game that will keep you coming back for more time and time again .
The PC Engine 's large colour palette offered up a great way to get more detail out of the visuals than most other systems of the era without having to make use of added processing power , meaning Rondo of Blood is certainly no slouch in the graphics department .
The fact that the game was housed on a CD - Rom instead of a HuCard pretty much allowed the developers to run rampant and include all of the musical and graphical extras they wanted to , something that also adds to the visual splash of the game .
The end result is one of the most visually impressive Castlevania releases of the era and a testament to what could be done with the CD - Rom medium , even as new as it was for game consoles and their developers at the time .
As solid as other areas of the game are , nothing can touch the majesty of Rondo of Blood 's CD - quality musical score .
While you could argue that some of the more modern Castlevania releases have exceeded the quality of this 16 - bit original , it 's impossible to ignore how impressive this soundtrack was for its time period .
There 's not a bad track in the entire game , and even some of the more familiar tunes , like the all - time classic " Vampire Killer " , have never sounded better than they do in this release .
Toss in some interesting german voiced dialog to kick off the game and you have what is hands down one of the most impressive audio experiences to come out of the 16 - bit era and still one of the best video game soundtracks ever crafted .
By Sean Coughlan
BBC News education correspondent
Student leaders accuse politicians of " hiding " over tuition fees Political parties in England " need to come clean on tuition fees " , says the incoming president of the National Union of Students , Aaron Porter .
Students say politicians are " hiding behind " a review , due to report after the election , to avoid questions on university funding and student fees .
" We are disappointed by the lack of open debate , " said Mr Porter .
Les Ebdon , of the Million + group of universities , said voters " deserved to know " higher education funding plans .
With record numbers of people seeking places in university and growing pressures on public spending , the decisions over the future of university funding are going to be controversial and far - reaching .
But so far in the campaign " the future of universities and students has hardly been mentioned " , says Professor Ebdon .
There are 2.5 million people either studying or working in higher education , he says , and there needs to be a public debate over whether universities will be targeted for investment or cuts .
Record applications
A review of university funding was announced in 2009 - but this is not due to report until after the general election .
Student leaders accuse politicians of " hiding behind " this review to avoid answering difficult questions on fees and financial support for students .
Tuition fees are currently £ 3,225 per year in England , but the review will consider options such as raising fees or charging a more commercial rate on student loans .
Politicians will also have to decide how to respond to a surge in demand for university places - with a 16.5 % year - on - year rise in applications .
Student numbers are already at record levels .
For the first time ever , more than half of young women and 40 % of young men are going to university - raising questions about who is going to pay for the rise .
Students want these major decisions on tuition fees , financial support and funding extra places to be publicly debated during the election .
All three of the biggest parties now support an increase in university places - but the Million + group says there are unanswered questions about whether budgets will be protected to make this sustainable .
Spending cuts Public spending cuts have already seen university budgets reduced for next year .
The Labour manifesto promises extra places , but makes no commitment on how much students will have to pay - referring instead to the funding review .
The Conservatives also promise extra places and say that they will " consider carefully " the outcome of the funding review .
The Liberal Democrats are promising to phase out tuition fees over the next six years - at a cost rising to £ 1.8 bn a year .
The National Union of Students wants to mobilise student voters over the issue of fees , particularly in constituencies with a large student population .
They are asking candidates to pledge not to vote for an increase in tuition fees - and the union says that 800 candidates have signed .
" Come polling day any candidate who hides behind the review and refuses to come clean on their position on tuition fees will be punished at the ballot box , " says Mr Porter .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Hive tracking and record keeping , online and on mobile .
Beetight is a free web application for beekeepers and is the best way to manage your hives and track them online or on your phone .
You 'll wonder how you ever survived with the old notebooks and spreadsheets !
All hive types are supported , including Langstroth , WBC , Beehaus , National , Warre , Top bar hives .
“ Beetight is the future of hive record keeping ” – Bee Culture
Sign - up now for free
If you have already registered , you can log in .
Adventures of Huckleberry Finn Introduction
What do you get when you cross America 's greatest humor writer with a runaway slave , a homeless street kid , and a lot of really offensive language ?
You get a book that 's been banned in classrooms and libraries around the country since just about the moment it was published in the U.S. in 1885 — and a book that 's been on required high school reading lists for almost as long .
Mark Twain 's Adventures of Huckleberry Finn was a follow - up to Tom Sawyer , and it dumps us right back in the Southern antebellum ( that 's " pre-war " ) world of Tom and his wacky adventures .
Only this time , the adventures are n't so much " wacky " as life - and liberty - threatening .
Huckleberry Finn is a poor kid whose dad is an abusive drunk .
Huck runs away , and immediately encounters another runaway .
But this runaway is n't just escaping a mean dad ; he 's escaping an entire system of racially based oppression .
He 's escaping slavery .
This encounter throws Huckleberry into an ethical quandary ( that 's a fancy way of saying " dilemma " ) .
He knows that , legally , he should turn in the runaway slave Jim .
Problem is , he 's also starting to see Jim as a real person rather than , well , someone 's property .
( Duh , Huckleberry . )
When Twain published Huckleberry Finn first in 1884 in Canada and the U.K. and then in the U.S. in 1885 , the book was immediately banned — but not for its casual racism and use of the n-word .
Nope .
It was banned because it was " vulgar , " thanks to its depiction of low - class criminals and things like Huck actually scratching himself .
Fifty years later , Huckleberry Finn was part of American literary tradition .
Both T. S. Eliot and Ernest Hemingway thought it was one of the most important books ever written in the U.S. — but it was still being banned , expurgated , and rewritten to suit a ( somewhat ) less racist time .
Shmoop loves banned books , and not just because we 're rebels .
We love banned books because a banned book means that someone 's buttons are being pressed .
And if someone 's buttons are being pressed , we know that the book is raising important issues .
And boy , does Huckleberry Finn raise some important issues .
Important issues like , " Is it right to own other people ? " ( Hint : no . )
Important issues like , " Is it right to obey laws , if the laws are wrong ? "
( Hm , this one 's a little trickier . )
Important issues like , " Are individuals more important than society ? "
( We do n't even want to touch this question . )
Think about it this way : Huckleberry Finn suggests that the accepted moral values of society are wrong .
Public schools ( and most private schools ) are usually pretty committed to sticking to accepted moral values .
Let 's be clear : in most cases , those accepted moral values — do n't cheat ; be respectful ; show up to places on time — are hard to argue with .
But it 's easy to see that schools might be a little wary about having their students read a book that suggests individual conscience should be a more important guide than the rules and laws that everyone follows .
A ONE - WOMAN mission to prove breasts do n't cause earthquakes has swollen into a shirt - straining global movement preparing for the inaugural " Boobquake " .
Iranian cleric Hojatoleslam Kazem Sedighi angered womens ' groups around the world on Monday when he claimed that promiscuous women were responsible for literally making the earth move .
" Many women who do not dress modestly ... lead young men astray , corrupt their chastity and spread adultery in society , which ( consequently ) increases earthquakes , '' Sedighi said .
" What can we do to avoid being buried under the rubble ? '' he asked during a prayer sermon on Friday .
" There is no other solution but to take refuge in religion and to adapt our lives to Islam 's moral codes . ''
Women in the Islamic Republic are required by law to cover from head to toe , but Sedighi says an increase in young women flaunting the law - and not the fact that Tehran straddles scores of fault lines - is risking the lives of the city 's 12 million inhabitants .
Jennifer McCreight is determined to prove him wrong .
Since launching the " Boobquake " Facebook page two days ago , she has enlisted more than 20,000 women promising to show as much cleavage as possible on Monday , April 26 .
If the world does n't then disappear into an apocalyptic fiery chasm , then Sedighi will have no option but to admit he was wrong .
" On Monday , April 26th , I will wear the most cleavage - showing shirt I own , " Ms McCreight wrote .
" Yes , the one usually reserved for a night on the town .
" I encourage other female skeptics to join me and embrace the supposed supernatural power of their breasts .
Or short shorts , if that 's your preferred form of immodesty .
" With the power of our scandalous bodies combined , we should surely produce an earthquake .
" If not , I 'm sure Sedighi can come up with a rational explanation for why the ground did n't rumble . "
And you can now make that number 21,000 - and rising fast .
Q&A with Boobquake founder Jennifer McCreight
Update again :
The search for truth goes on : yesterday morning , I blogged a study from the Cornucopia Institute on the use of the neurotoxin hexane in production of soyburgers , which sparked a controversy n the comment thread about the science , focusing mostly on the question of whether any of the volatile hexane would still be present after the burgers made it to your shelf .
For the record : I 'm dubious about this objection , since in the absence of a study to the contrary , I think it makes sense to assume that the substances you put into food during production are still present at consumption .
And of course , the release of hexane into the environment as part of the production of these " healthy alternatives " undermines the whole cause of improving health .
I posted a followup last night , after Xeni emailed me with a tip that the Cornucopia study had been funded by an agriculture think - tank / lobbying group called the Weston A Price Foundation .
Based on that tip , I believed that I 'd been had — just another example of a corporate subsidized " science " that concludes that the company 's products are just dandy ( or that its competitors ' wares are bad for you ) .
But I was wrong .
I 've just spoken to Kiera Butler from Mother Jones , who has followed up with Cornucopia .
Cornucopia promises that the Price foundation did not fund its research ( and further , that none of its research is ever substantially funded by any concern or individual ) , and the principal researcher repeated her concern that there is no evidence that the hexane boils off before consumption , and that in any event , " health food " companies have no business emitting terrible toxic waste into the atmosphere ( here 's her update ) .
And I agree .
And we were wrong .
Xeni and I offer our sincerest apologies to both Cornucopia and the Price Foundation for publishing inaccurate information .
Update : Looks like I got spoofed : this study turns out to have been funded by an anti-vegetarian , pro-meat lobbying group , the Weston A Price Foundation .
These are also the folks who say lard is good for you .
Maybe the science is good , maybe it is n't ( read the comments for good debate on it ) , but I sure feel a lot more suspicious about it than I did this morning .
( Thanks , Xeni ! )
PeaceLove sez , " Shocking Mother Jones article about a Cornucopia Institute report on how many of the most popular veggie burgers are made with hexane , a neurotoxic byproduct of gas refining . "
In order to meet the demands of health - conscious consumers , manufacturers of soy - based fake meat like to make their products have as little fat as possible .
The cheapest way to do this is by submerging soybeans in a bath of hexane to separate the oil from the protein .
Says Cornucopia Institute senior researcher Charlotte Vallaeys , " If a non-organic product contains a soy protein isolate , soy protein concentrate , or texturized vegetable protein , you can be pretty sure it was made using soy beans that were made with hexane . "
If you 've heard about hexane before , it was likely in the context of gasoline –the air pollutant is also a byproduct of gas refining .
But in 2007 , grain processors were responsible for two - thirds of our national hexane emissions .
Hexane is hazardous in the factory , too : Workers who have been exposed to it have developed both skin and nervous system disorders .
Troubling , then , that the FDA does not monitor or regulate hexane residue in foods .
More worrisome still : According to the report , " Nearly every major ingredient in conventional soy - based infant formula is hexane extracted . "
Here 's some of the soy brands that contain neurotoxins : " Boca Burger ( conventional ) , Franklin Farms , Garden Burger , It 's All Good Lightlife , Morningstar Farms , President 's Choice , Taste Above , Trader Joe's , Yves Veggie Cuisine . "
And here 's some that are free from hexane : " Boca Burgers ( Made with organic soy ) , Helen 's Kitchen , Morningstar ( Made with organic ) , Superburgers by Turtle Island , Tofurky , Wildwood . "
This is one way in which the " organic " label is more than just a greenwash !
On the other hand , anything labelled as " made with organic ingredients " instead of " organic " can have hexane or plutonium or whatever .
Which Veggie Burgers Were Made With a Neurotoxin ?
( Thanks , PeaceLove ! )
( Image : Danger , a Creative Commons Attribution ( 2.0 ) image from clearlyambiguous 's photostream )
The sirens are being used to bypass traffic jams Russia 's state Duma is to consider restricting the use of car sirens and lights which allow some drivers to bypass traffic rules , officials say .
Blue lights known as " migalki " are used by businessmen and state officials to move rapidly through traffic jams .
The bill , introduced by Anatoly Ivanov of the ruling United Russia party , would fine drivers who abuse the siren .
A protest in Moscow against the sirens on Tuesday was blocked by police , Russian media report .
Accidents
The deputy head of the Duma 's committee on security , Sergey Goncharov , told the BBC that the number of cars enjoying " privileges " on the roads should be reduced .
" The federal security service has a list of persons who need protection , and there are not that many of them .
And this should be pretty much it , " he said .
Motorist groups are also calling for restrictions on the number of officials allowed to use the sirens .
The " migalki " have angered many motorists , particularly in Moscow , where drivers with the sirens have recently been involved in high - profile accidents .
Two women were killed on 25 February when their car was in collision with that of Anatoly Barkov , the vice - president of Russia 's oil giant Lukoil .
Mr Barkov has denied that he or his driver were at fault , the UK's Independent newspaper reported .
The motorists appears to have some backing from Moscow 's mayor , Yuri Luzhkov .
Only three people in Russia should be allowed a special siren - the president , the prime minister and the patriarch of the Orthodox Church , he was quoted as saying by the Independent .
" I think a government decision will be made on this .
If you look at how many cars in Europe have ' migalki ' , we have far more , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - Manchester United fans hoping another group can buy the Premier League champions from the Glazers can stop dreaming , said analysts and bankers .
Manchester United 's Rooney celebrates after scoring during their Champions League match against AC Milan at Old Trafford in Manchester 11/03/2010 REUTERS / Darren Staples
They stressed the American family does not need to sell one of the world ’s most valuable sports clubs despite heavy debts .
As the Glazers ’ spokesman told Reuters on Wednesday : “ Manchester United is not for sale ” .
Fans and a group of investors called the ‘ Red Knights ’ who are pushing for a change in ownership are , they said , forgetting one thing -- despite debts of 716.5 million pounds the Glazer family does not need to sell the club .
“ It ’s a group of fans , ” one U.S. banker , who asked not to be identified , said of the Red Knights group that includes former English Football League chairman Keith Harris .
“ You ca n’t do a hostile takeover of a privately held enterprise , so what are they talking about ?
Why would the Glazers sell ? ” the banker said , calling the idea a “ fantasyland ” .
The Glazers , who also own the Tampa Bay Buccaneers National Football League team , bought United in 2005 for about 790 million pounds despite opposition from debt - wary fans .
The Red Knights said this month they were looking into a possible bid for the Old Trafford club that Forbes magazine last year valued at $ 1.87 billion .
WON’T OVERPAY
The investor group , which also includes Goldman Sachs chief economist Jim O’Neill , has pledged up to 1.5 billion pounds in its bid , according to the London Times , but the Red Knights said it would not overpay .
While the Glazers have stayed mum on a possible deal , United chief executive David Gill said last week the Glazers would not bow to pressure to force them out .
A U.S. banker working on the sale of English Championship ( second division ) club Sheffield Wednesday agreed .
“ There ’s nothing forcing them to entertain selling , ” Robert Tillis , CEO of Inner Circle Sports said of the Glazers .
“ They ’re long - term holders .
They ’ve said that pretty consistently . ”
Those who know the family said the speculation swirls because the Glazers are so tight - lipped , a strong family trait .
“ Their history is buy and hold , ” said Marc Ganis , president of Chicago - based sports consulting firm Sportcorp Ltd .
“ Now , it may be buy and refinance and hold , and then look at refinancing again ... but they retain their assets .
They do n’t flip them .
‘ FORESEEABLE FUTURE ’
“ I have every expectation they ’re going to keep Manchester United not just for the foreseeable future , but perhaps into the next generation of family members , ” he added .
The Glazers , who have owned the Buccaneers since January 1995 , launched a bond issue last month to raise 500 million pounds in a bid to realign United ’s debts , which Gill has called easily sustainable .
For fans thinking a local owner would fare better , Ganis and several bankers said buyers would face the same pressure because they would have to purchase the club at a higher price than the Glazers paid and probably use debt to finance a deal .
The Red Knights have said any new ownership would “ put the club on sound financial footing ” .
Nevertheless , the Glazers have their supporters in the United States , where they led the Buccaneers to a 2003 Super Bowl championship although the NFL team has hit lean times in the last several years .
The Glazers are also appreciated for their support of charitable causes in the Tampa area , where a children ’s museum sporting the family name is due to open later this year .
“ These are folks that have made a lot of roots in the community , ” said Rob Higgins , executive director of the Tampa Bay Sports Commission , which promotes amateur sports activities and received a $ 2 million commitment from the Glazers .
Analysts said selling United would likely be the last choice for the Glazers .
“ This is a primo property , ” said Robert Boland , professor of sports management at New York University .
“ You do n’t want to sell them if you can ( help it ) . ”
( Reporting by Ben Klayman ; Additional reporting by Steve Slater )
Posted on by storagedepotuk
The latest from NAS , or Network Attached Storage , is a centrally positioned network storage tool that acts as a storehouse for any data you want to store .
QNap is a certified NAS tool that can not only store up precious data but also doubles as an application server to do things like serve web pages , downloading torrents , arrange any music log , and line up a video security structure .
The TS - 219P Turbo 2 - bay NAS server is iSCSI is offered to the SOHO and consumer for mass storage hub to pile up and distribute large amount of digital information .
It is faceted with admirable hardware design for storage extension , brilliant data retrieval performance , high system consistency .
The TS - 219P is the world - class model in the home and SOHO NAS market .
Implementing Marvell ’s 1.2 GHz processor and large - sized 512MB DDRII RAM , the TS - 219P Turbo NAS maintain high performance even at the time of intensive access to the network services of the server concurrently .
It supports cross-platform services across different platforms Windows , Linux , Mac , and UNIX .
It is provided with superior industry principal features e.g. integrated iSCSI target service , Online RAID Capacity Extension , Online RAID Level Migration , policy - based IP blocking , instant SMS ready to act warning , schedule power on / off , and 2 IP cameras for network inspection .
The integrated UPnP / DLNA media server of the Turbo NAS ropes a wide variety of DLNA media players and Microsoft Xbox 360 gaming consoles and works sound with NFS - supported High - Definition ( HD ) digital media players for HD video streaming .
You can access the Turbo NAS on the local network and multimedia stuff .
Its high - speed PC - less Download Station with exceptional QGet service facilitate us to deal with the BT / FTP / HTTP download tasks vaguely over the local network or the Internet .
The TS - 219P is the perfect multimedia and storage solutions to improve home entertainment experience .
The TS - 219P is well known for having the tower form factor QNap which has given QNap to extend and raise the capability of its devices .
Its 3.5 in SATA hard disk can give a maximum power of 4TB .
The disks are rolled into sliding trays , which ease - up the swap during disk failure and provide security from casual thieves with its locking feature .
It is the faster NAS device which when configured as RAID 0 can wrote large files at 24.5 MB/s and read at 41.3 MB /s.
Configuring the TS - 219P is easy , creating multiple user and their organization and setting permissions to different folder is fast and easy .
QNap consist of web server with support for PHP and SQL for those who want to host their own website .
It can also work as a print server , can also appears as a source in iTunes , i.e. you can stream music to any computer in network .
The TS - 219P supports iSCSI target mode , online RAID expansion , SMS renew and detaining video from up to two IP - based webcams .
QNap ’s TS - 219P is easy to arrange , faster at copying files and packed full of important features .
It ’s not economical and some other NAS devices are a bit faster , but overall this is the best two - disk NAS enclosure .
If you want to get more information go to : http://www.storagedepot.co.uk
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : Computer Products , Network Attached Storage , Storage Depot | Tagged : Network Attached Storage , TS - 219P |
America stands at a precipice , friends .
If we take one wrong step , we will plunge into an abyss filled with Lenin- quoting vampires , atheistic secret police , world serfdom , and rampant inflation .
If we take the right step , we will enter a new age .
Jesus and Friedrich Hayek will descend from Heaven , routing the atheists with gold - plated .45 revolvers of love .
King Odysseus and Queen Penelope will rule over an America reborn in the image of Ithaca , dispensing justice to the Leninist vampires who would steal Telemachus 's birthright .
But there 's a problem .
It is pitch black at the precipice .
Which way shall we step ?
What America needs is a guide : a man who can show us the light , lead us into the new era of respect for individual rights , freedom , and ample quotation of the collected works of Burke , Locke , and Friedman .
Away from slavery , cannibalism , and Marxist Che-quoting vampires .
That man is Dr. Elliot McGucken , visiting instructor at the Seaver College of Business Administration at Pepperdine University , and inventor of the patented ( pending ) " System and Method for Creating Exalted Video Games and Virtual Realities . "
Dr. McGucken recognizes that video games are a force in this world , a force which can be used for good , or evil .
Where Dr. McGucken differs from past video game designers , such as Richard Garriott , Sid Meier , Warren Spector , and the guy who wrote Leather Goddesses of Phobos , is that he intends to introduce the element of moral choice into games .
To show players , and therefore America , that each of us , at all times , has a choice between good and evil .
A choice between quoting the collected works of Hayek , and those of the insidious communist Mao Tse - Tung !
But McGucken 's work does n't stop there .
McGucken also proves that choices have consequences .
Whereas in pre-McGucken era video games , the choice between shooting a communist space invader and not shooting the communist space invader had no consequences whatsoever , under the patented ( pending ) McGucken system , the player 's choice , upon meeting a woman of low character , to quote the work of Ayn Rand or Thomas Jefferson , as opposed to that of Mikhail Bakunin or Joseph Stalin , may be one of earth - shattering consequences .
Quote Rand , and the player ( and by extension America ) will convert the loose woman into a God- fearing virgin warrior for freedom and justice , suitable for marriage .
Quote Stalin , and the Earth will be consumed in a holocaust of communist vampire slavery !
Every time .
McGucken 's patented ( pending )
System proves that by playing video games the McGucken way , America 's moral fibre will be regenerated , and the nation reborn .
Play them the old - fashioned way , and , well , best not to think about that .
Do n't believe me ?
I understand that McGucken 's concepts of video game design , choice , consequence , and opposition to communist star vampires may prove difficult to understand for those who 've not been exposed to the System .
Perhaps these diagrams and flowcharts , from the great man 's patent application , may prove useful :
Begins to make sense , does n't it ?
Now you understand why Elliot McGucken is quoted by the New York Times as an expert on art , video games , and many other things besides , and you 're not .
I for one look forward to the day when I can make a difference , shooting communist space vampires under the patented McGucken system to promote freedom and Jesus , rather than shooting them mindlessly as I 've done in the past .
Via Metafilter .
Update : I see that I am not alone in my appreciation for the McGucken Plan for the Betterment of Loose Women , America , and Video Games .
Last 5 posts by Patrick Non-White
Veteran rocker -- and occasional Democratic fundraiser -- Jon Bon Jovi is promoting President Obama 's volunteer program , United We Serve .
" We can tackle the tough challenges we face and build community through service and volunteering , " Bon Jovi says in a new video .
" The reality is , we 're all in this together . "
The video will be shown at 30 concert venues throughout the country , starting Thursday at the Staples Center in Los Angeles .
United We Serve , which Obama launched last year , promotes volunteer work on such issues as education , health , energy , the environment , and community development .
Bon Jovi told the Associated Press he spoke with Obama during the 2008 campaign about efforts to boost volunteerism .
" For me it 's affordable housing , " Bon Jovi told the AP .
" For you it may be something else .
But all these little bits make for one greater sum of the parts .
It 'll make for a better whole . "
( Posted by David Jackson )
Technology Smile !
Google Street View Cars Back in Winnipeg
On my way home yesterday I caught a glance of the Google Street View transformer car driving down Kenaston ( right by the Moxies )
It looks like Google ’s going to refresh some of the photos they took last year .
They could n’t have picked a better time !
Weather is looking great and the streets are clean .
Let us know if you spot the car anywhere else .
WINNIPEG GOOGLE STREET VIEW
Image Google street winnipeg Originally uploaded by Myrone
Multi-Billion Euro Bailout Becomes Reality Greece Asks for Loans from the EU and IMF
After months of battling the markets , Greece raised the white flag on Friday .
Prime Minister George Papandreou on Friday officially requested financial aid from his partners in the euro zone and the International Monetary Fund .
In Germany , Chancellor Merkel pledged voters the aid would come with " very strict conditions . "
The Renaissance , Europe 's period of cultural , political and scientific rebirth , began in Florence around 600 years ago .
At Google we 're interested in a ( small “ r ” ) renaissance of a different kind — a digital one .
Since the launch of Google Books , we ’ve been working with libraries and publishers around the globe to bring more of the world 's books to more readers around the globe .
Any school child should be able to access the works of Petrarch , Dante or Vico ( or , if they 're so inclined , Machiavelli ) .
In the case of these more famous authors , this is already largely possible , but what about the work of Guglielmo il Giuggiola or Coluccio Salutati ?
We want all of the great literature and writings of Italy to be accessible to the general public .
Today we ’re announcing an agreement with the Italian Ministry of Cultural Heritage that will push this vision forward .
Working with the National Libraries of Florence and Rome , we ’ll digitize up to a million out - of - copyright works .
The libraries will select the works to be digitized from their collections , which include a wealth of rare historical books , including scientific works , literature from the period of the founding of Italy and the works of Italy 's most famous poets and writers .
It marks the first time we ’ve ever joined forces with Italian libraries , and the first time we 've worked with a ministry of culture .
Around Europe and the rest of the world , we are effectively witnessing a digital renaissance , with an increasing number of organizations running ambitious and promising book digitization projects .
We 're not the only ones who have seen the need to bring the world 's books into digital form .
Digitization of books is a tremendous undertaking , requiring the joint effort of a great number of public and private stakeholders .
For this reason , we ’re supportive of many other efforts at digitization , such as the European Commission's
Europeana
.
We want to see these books have the broadest reach possible — the books we scan are available for inclusion in Europeana , of which the Florence Library is a contributing member , and other digital libraries .
The more of the world 's historical , cultural treasures we can bring online , the more we can unlock our shared heritage .
We believe today ’s announcement is an important step , and we look forward to working with more libraries and other partners .
We envision a future in which people will be able to search and access the world 's books anywhere , anytime .
After all ,
and
— like Shakespeare and Cervantes — are part of our human cultural history .
For the sake of environment and exercise , more and more people choose to use bikes , especially at weekends ?.
Having a stylish bike has become a kind of trend .
Due to that reason , lots of effort is put to create functional and fashionable bikes .
We try to present you with some unusual and creative and functional designs collected from world .
All those cool stuff will be introduced in several issues and there is the first :
1. Innovative Folding Bicycle Design [ link ]
The Contortionist is a folding bike created by 24 - year - old Royal College of Art student Dominic Hargreaves .
It ’s got quite a beautiful design , but what makes it extra special is that the whole thing folds into a package that fits inside the 26 - inch wheels .
It ’s the best of both worlds :
It folds down to a small enough package that you can easily carry or store it , but it does n’t have the ride quality problems that make tiny - wheeled folding bikes unattractive to many .
You really need to see the video of the Contortionist in action ( below ) to see how brilliant it is !
2. LED Bike Wheel Video Display System [ link ]
MonkeyLectric have developed an innovative bike wheel display system that allows cyclists to show stabilized images and videos on spinning wheels .
32 of the brightest full color LEDs available , and cutting edge visual effects custom designed by our electronic artists .
The system uses 256 ultra - bright LED ?s to display full color moving images .
It functions at bike speeds between 12 to 40 km/h and is suitable for all weather conditions on city streets .
3. X - bike [ link ]
Introduce a bike , The X - bike .
This was to have small wheels - essential elements when trying to save weight and space on a folding bike .
The frame - two main frame elements fold in a scissor action by a skew joint .
This allows the wheels to fold side by side .
Steering - C this was by auto - tensioned cables via variable ratio pulleys .
These provide a good steering feel to hub - centre steering .
Drive - this was by internal belt or miniature chain .
Construction - this uses injection - moulded long fibre carbon and glass shells ultra-sonically welded together .
Fusible core , foam and gas injection technologies were also used .
Tyres - solid tyres were developed as an option with PU versions performing better than pneumatic equivalents .
This project was undertaken in collaboration with David Southward ( CCL founder ) and Shaun Househam .
4. Pulse : a new urban bike concept from Teague [ link ]
Pulse , Teague ’s new concept for an urban bike , addresses all the necessities of a standard bike commute .
Taking cues from both fixed gears and cafe - racers , Its features include electric turn signals controlled from the handlebars and a luminescent frame that lights up when you need it .
We especially love the specialized caged bike pedals–they ’re counterweighted to always sit “ the right way round , ” allowing the rider to benefit from their three - fold increase in efficiency without suffering from having to clip into upside down pedals at every stoplight .
5 .forkless bike [ link ]
An unusual bike design , ?
Forkless ?
Cruiser ? by Olli Erkkila .
He built it for his graduation project at the Institute of Design in Lahti , Finland .
Visually cool … but the designer does n’t explain why he design it like that .
6. BauBike by Michael Ubbesen Jakobsen [ link ]
The BauBike is inspired by Bauhaus design .
It is constructed around the geometric shape of the square and the equilateral triangle .
The design is stripped down to clean lines and raw material .
The open - end piece above the back wheel , offers the possibility to customize the function of the bike to whatever need you may have .
The different accessories can be placed in the tube and can easily be changed if needed .
The design follows a set of formal rules , limiting the geometry to straight lines in a pattern of 60 and 90 degree angles in proportions following the principle of the golden section .
Life after Hurricane Katrina as the residents of New Orleans try to rebuild their lives , their homes , and their unique culture in the aftermath of one of the worst natural disasters in the USA .
An American politician is in exceedingly hot water after remarking that “ Anime is a prime example of why two nukes was n’t enough . ”
New Hampshire State Representative Nick Levasseur , a Democrat , posted a tasteless statement on his Facebook profile decrying the survival of Japanese race :
Naturally , his comments will not endear him to anime fans , but more pressingly for him he was immediately savaged by Republicans for making “ hateful ” remarks , and Japanese and Japanese Americans will also doubtless be joining the queue to lambaste him for insensitive if not racist remarks .
He has since apologised for the remarks .
He is apparently no stranger to glib remarks about killing people he does n’t like – in 2008 he was accused of listing one of his hobbies on his now defunct MySpace profile as :
“ The hunting of neo - conservative Reaganites ( a shooting sport brought to you by the republican party in more ways than one ! ) ”
When confronted about the remark he threatened to report the complainant to authorities for harassment .
Fortunately , those worried about such a reprobate finding his way into the halls of power need not fret – his voting record shows he hardly ever bothers to vote in the very state legislature he was elected to .
Back in the 1950s , " Little Joe Cartwright " starred in a movie called " I Was a Teenage Werewolf . "
That 's right , after seeing a full moon , Michael Landon ran around a public high school foaming at the mouth and pretty much out of control .
Since there was little difference between his behavior and that of the normal students , he got away with it for two semesters .
As I watched the film , I remember thinking that it was going to be tough for Landon to get into college with that on his resume .
But then the 1960s happened , so that was that .
This brings me to the present .
My life these days is largely confronting political and social madness on television and then going home to deal with teenage drama from an almost - 14 - year - old girl .
I vaguely remember being 14 , because I was ensconced in a Catholic high school that gave out homework assignments like they were M& M's .
Believe me , I had plenty of angst .
But nobody paid much attention to it .
Like today , many teenagers back then brooded full time .
Check out James Dean , an outstandingly cloudy guy .
But now teens have two things that embolden their disenchantment : the Internet and permissive parents .
Earlier this week , I was encouraging my urchins to speed it up because the bus was coming .
" I can't go faster ' cause you 're staring at me , " the teen wailed .
" I 'm not staring at you .
I just came into the room . "
" But I can see you ! "
You get the idea .
My daughter also did not want to wear anything that covered her legs — even though it was 39 degrees outside .
She wanted to wear shorts .
At that point , I started wishing she 'd turn into a werewolf .
At least the fur would keep her warm .
But it is the Internet that is truly changing the teenage dynamic in America .
It used to be that teenagers would hang out together and swap stories of woe .
I remember seeing Billy Joel and his crew at stores on Levittown Parkway .
They were just slouching around the same as my guys were .
Just being with other teenagers was comforting , but we actually had to leave our houses to do that .
Now , teens can gang - brood from their rooms on the Net .
Because nearly every awful occurrence is highlighted on various Facebook pages , teenagers now find it easier to justify their own craziness .
" How can you criticize me for getting a C when Shelley got all F's and crashed her dad 's car ? "
That kind of thing .
Nothing is private anymore .
Teenagers are subjected to ( and some participate in ) incredibly destructive behavior online .
And parents have few options .
Even if you ban home computers , handheld devices are all over the place .
You 'd have to put a full - time bodyguard on the child in order to provide complete protection .
In the end , all parents can do is try their best to impose a sense of responsibility on their kids .
But do n't expect any appreciation , and be watchful at all times .
Kids today are growing up at warp speed ; the machines march them into adulthood way before they 're ready .
Even with fangs , Landon had it easier .
Veteran TV news anchor Bill O'Reilly is host of the Fox News show " The O'Reilly Factor " and author of many books , including the newly released " Killing Jesus . "
To find out more about Bill O'Reilly and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists , visit www.creators.com.
This column originates on the website www.billoreilly.com.
The title is from Columbia , and I should point out that this discovery on the Pacific Antarctic Ridge is 2800 miles from tip of the Antarctic peninsula , where volcanic activity is already well known .
Examples are found at Deception Island and within the Bransfield strait .
These two images I ’ve prepared below ( click to enlarge them ) will give you a “ lay of the land ” so to speak .
I think it would be illuminating to send ROV ’s under some of the newly opened sea surface that was exposed when sea ice near the peninsula broke off to see if vents exist there also .
========================================================
Discovery , a First , Could Spur Exploration of Distant Mid-Ocean Ridge
From a Columbia University press release :
Scientists at Columbia ’s Lamont - Doherty Earth Observatory have found evidence of hydrothermal vents on the seafloor near Antarctica , formerly a blank spot on the map for researchers wanting to learn more about seafloor formation and the bizarre life forms drawn to these extreme environments .
Hydrothermal vents spew volcanically heated seawater from the planet ’s underwater mountain ranges — the vast mid-ocean ridge system , where lava erupts and new crust forms .
Chemicals dissolved in those vents influence ocean chemistry and sustain a complex web of organisms , much as sunlight does on land .
In recent decades more than 220 vents have been discovered worldwide , but so far no one has looked for them in the rough and frigid waters off Antarctica .
From her lab in Palisades , N.Y. , geochemist Gisela Winckler recently took up the search .
By analyzing thousands of oceanographic measurements , she and her Lamont colleagues pinpointed six spots on the remote Pacific Antarctic Ridge , about 2,000 miles from New Zealand , the closest inhabited country , and 1,000 miles from the west coast of Antarctica , where they think vents are likely to be found .
The sites are described in a paper published THIS WEEK in the journal Geophysical Research Letters .
“ Most of the deep ocean is like a desert , but these vents are oases of life and weirdness , ” said Winckler .
“ The Pacific Antarctic ridge is one of the ridges we know least about .
It would be fantastic if researchers were to dive to the seafloor to study the vents we believe are there . ”
Two important facts helped the scientists isolate the hidden vents .
First , the ocean is stratified with layers of lighter water sitting on top of layers of denser water .
Second , when a seafloor vent erupts , it spews gases rich in rare helium - 3 , an isotope found in earth ’s mantle and in the magma bubbling below the vent .
As helium - 3 disperses through the ocean , it mixes into a density layer and stays there , forming a plume that can stretch over thousands of kilometers .
The Lamont scientists were analyzing ocean - helium measurements to study how the deep ocean exchanges dissolved gases with the atmosphere when they came across a helium plume that looked out of place .
It was in a southern portion of the Pacific Ocean , below a large and well - known helium plume coming off the East Pacific Rise , one of the best - studied vent regions on earth .
But this mystery plume appeared too deep to have the same source .
Suspecting that it was coming from the Pacific Antarctic Ridge instead , the researchers compiled a detailed map of ocean - density layers in that region , using some 25,000 salinity , temperature and depth measurements .
After locating the helium plume along a single density layer , they compared the layer to topographic maps of the Pacific Antarctic Ridge to figure out where the plume would intersect .
The sites they identified cover 340 miles of ridge line –the approximate distance between Manhattan and Richmond , Va.–or about 7 percent of the total 4,300 mile - ridge .
This chain of volcanic mountains lies about three miles below the ocean surface , and its mile - high peaks are cut by steep canyons and fracture zones created as the sea floor spreads apart .
It is a cold and lonely stretch of ocean , far from land or commercial shipping lanes .
“ They have n’t found vents , but they ’ve narrowed the places to look by quite a bit , ” said Edward Baker , a vent expert at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
Of course , finding vents in polar waters is not easy , even with a rough idea where to look .
In 2007 , Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution geophysicist Rob Reves - Sohn led a team of scientists to the Gakkel Ridge between Greenland and Siberia to look for vents detected six years earlier .
Although they discovered regions where warm fluids appeared to be seeping from the seafloor , they failed to find the high - temperature , black smoker vents they had come for .
In a pending paper , Sohn now says he has narrowed down the search to a 400 - kilometer - square area where he expects to find seven new vents , including at least one black smoker .
The search for vents off Antarctica may be equally unpredictable , but the map produced by the Lamont scientists should greatly improve the odds of success , said Robert Newton , a Lamont oceanographer and study co-author .
“ You do n’t have to land right on top of a vent to know it ’s there , ” he said .
“ You get a rich mineral soup coming out of these smokers — methane , iron , manganese , sulphur and many other minerals .
Once you get within a few tens of kilometers , you can detect these other tracers . ”
Since the discovery of the first hydrothermal vents in the late 1970s , scientists have searched for far - flung sites , in the hunt for new species and adaptive patterns that can shed light on how species evolved in different spots .
Cindy Van Dover , a deep sea biologist and director of the Duke University Marine Laboratory , says she expects that new species will be found on the Pacific Antarctic Ridge , and that this region may hold important clues about how creatures vary between the Indian and Pacific Oceans , on either end .
“ These vents are living laboratories , ” said Van Dover , who was not involved in the study .
“ When we went to the Indian Ocean , we discovered the scaly - foot gastropod , a deep - sea snail whose foot is covered in armor made of iron sulfides .
The military may be interested in studying the snail to develop a better armor .
The adaptations found in these animals may have many other applications . ”
Other study authors include Peter Schlosser , head of Lamont ’s Environmental Tracer Group and Lamont marine geologist Timothy Crone .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
ISTANBUL , March 11 ( Reuters ) - Turkish energy and construction company Enka Insaat ENKAI .IS is in talks with South Korean company KEPCO 015760 .KS to build a nuclear power plant on Turkey 's Black Sea coast , a source at Enka told Reuters on Thursday .
Newspaper Milliyet had reported Enka was planning on taking a 50 percent stake in a consortium to build the nuclear power project on Turkey ’s Black Sea coast , seen costing $ 20 billion .
The Enka source said the company had not yet determined a clear stance on the project .
Turkey is in talks with KEPCO to build the Black Sea plant , and Turkey signed an agreement with the company on Wednesday to expand cooperation in potential nuclear operations .
[ ID: nLDE6290HI ]
The power plant will be built with 6 reactors , each with a capacity of 1,400 megawatts , Milliyet said .
Turkey is currently planning to build two nuclear power plants to reduce its dependence on natural gas , the vast majority of which it imports from Russia and Iran .
Economic growth is expected to boost consumption and the country is in need for additional energy investments to avoid power shortages in coming years .
( Editing by Dan Lalor )
By James A. Paul
Executive Director , Global Policy Forum
Oil Companies in Iraq : A Century of Rivalry and War ( November 2003 )
Oil in Iraq : the Heart of the Crisis ( December , 2002 )
The Iraq Oil Bonanza : Estimating Future Profits ( January 28 , 2004 )
Iraq possesses the world 's second largest proven oil reserves , currently estimated at 112.5 billion barrels , about 11 % of the world total and its gas fields are immense as well .
Many experts believe that Iraq has additional undiscovered oil reserves , which might raise the total well beyond 250 billion barrels when serious prospecting resumes , putting Iraq closer to Saudi Arabia and far above all other oil producing countries .
Iraq 's oil is of high quality and it is very inexpensive to produce , making it one of the world 's most profitable oil sources .
Oil companies hope to gain production rights over these rich fields of Iraqi oil , worth hundreds of billions of dollars .
In the view of an industry source it is " a boom waiting to happen . "
(1) As rising world demand depletes reserves in most world regions over the next 10 - 15 years , Iraq 's oil will gain increasing importance in global energy supplies .
According to the industry expert : " There is not an oil company in the world that does n't have its eye on Iraq . "
(2) Geopolitical rivalry among major nations throughout the past century has often turned on control of such key oil resources .
( 3 )
Five companies dominate the world oil industry , two US - based , two primarily UK - based , and one primarily based in France .
(4) US - based Exxon Mobil looms largest among the world 's oil companies and by some yardsticks measures as the world 's biggest company .
(5) The United States consequently ranks first in the corporate oil sector , with the UK second and France trailing as a distant third .
Considering that the US and the UK act almost alone as sanctions enforcers ( and as advocates of war against Iraq ) , and that they are the headquarters of the world 's four largest oil companies , we cannot ignore the possible relationship of their policy with this powerful corporate interest .
US and UK companies long held a three - quarter share in Iraq 's oil production , but they lost their position with the 1972 nationalization of the Iraq Petroleum Company .
(6) The nationalization , following ten years of increasingly rancorous relations between the companies and the government , rocked the international oil industry , as Iraq sought to gain greater control of its oil resources .
After the nationalization , Iraq turned to French companies and the Russian ( Soviet ) government for funds and partnerships .
(7) Today , the US and UK companies are very keen to regain their former position , which they see as critical to their future leading role in the world oil industry .
The US and the UK governments also see control over Iraqi and Gulf oil as essential to their broader military , geo-strategic and economic interests .
At the same time , though , other states and oil companies hope to gain a large or even dominant position in Iraq .
As de-nationalization sweeps through the oil sector , international companies see Iraq as an extremely attractive potential field of expansion .
France and Russia , the longstanding insiders , pose the biggest challenge to future Anglo - American domination , but serious competitors from China , Germany and Japan also play in the Iraq sweepstakes .
( 8 )
During the 1990s , Russia 's Lukoil , China National Petroleum Corporation and France 's TotalFinaElf held contract talks with the government of Iraq over plans to develop Iraqi fields as soon as sanctions are lifted .
Lukoil reached an agreement in 1997 to develop Iraq 's West Qurna field , while China National signed an agreement for the North Rumailah field in the same year ( China 's oil import needs from the Persian Gulf will grow from 0.5 million barrels per day in 1997 to 5.5 million barrels per day in 2020 , making China one of the region 's most important customers ) .
( 9 ) France 's Total at the same time held talks for future development of the fabulous Majnun field .
US and UK companies have been very concerned that their rivals might gain a major long - term advantage in the global oil business .
" Iraq possesses huge reserves of oil and gas – reserves I 'd love Chevron to have access to , " enthused Chevron CEO Kenneth T. Derr in a 1998 speech at the Commonwealth Club of San Francisco , in which he pronounced his strong support for sanctions .
( 10 ) Sanctions have kept the rivals at bay , a clear advantage .
US - UK companies hope that the regime will eventually collapse , giving them a strong edge over their competitors with a post - Saddam government .
As the embargo weakened and Saddam held onto power , however , stakes in the rivalry rose , for US - UK companies worried that they might eventually be shouldered aside .
Direct military intervention by the US - UK , then , offers a tempting but dangerous gamble that might put Exxon , Shell , BP and Chevron in immediate control of the Iraqi oil boom , but at the risk of backlash from a regional political explosion .
In testimony to Congress in 1999 , General Anthony C.Zinni , commander in chief of the US Central Command , testified that the Gulf Region , with its huge oil reserves , is a " vital interest " of " long standing " for the United States and that the US " must have free access to the region 's resources . " ( 11 ) " Free access , " it seems , means both military and economic control of these resources .
This has been a major goal of US strategic doctrine ever since the end of World War II .
Prior to 1971 , Britain ( the former colonial power ) policed the region and its oil riches .
Since then , the United States has deployed ever - larger military forces to assure " free access " through overwhelming armed might .
( 12 )
A looming US war against Iraq is only comprehensible in this light .
For all the talk about terrorism , weapons of mass destruction and human rights violations by Saddam Hussein , these are not the core issues driving US policy .
Rather , it is " free access " to Iraqi oil and the ultimate control over that oil by US and UK companies that raises the stakes high enough to set US forces on the move and risk the stakes of global empire .
Oil Companies in Iraq : A Century of Rivalry and War ( November 2003 )
Oil in Iraq : the Heart of the Crisis ( December , 2002 )
The Iraq Oil Bonanza : Estimating Future Profits ( January 28 , 2004 )
(1) Conversation with the author , June 5 , 2002 .
( 2 ) Ibid .
( 3 ) See , for example , Daniel Yergin , ( New York , 1991 ) . ( 4 ) In order of size these firms are : Exxon Mobil , Royal Dutch - Shell , British Petroleum - Amoco , Chevron - Texaco , and TotalFinaElf .
Royal Dutch
Shell is often described as a British - Dutch company , while TotalElfFina is sometimes described as a French - Italian company .
( 5 ) ExxonMobil was ranked as the number one company worldwide in 2001 as measured by profits , which stood at over $ 15 billion .
In that year , the company was ranked number two worldwide in terms of revenues , which totalled $ 192 billion , behind the far - less - profitable retail company Walmart , that had revenues of $ 220 billion .
( 6 ) Major shareholders in IPC were : Shell , BP , Esso ( later Exxon ) , Mobil , and CFP , the French national company .
( 7 ) For an account of this period , see Joe Stork , Middle East Oil and the Energy Crisis ( New York , 1975 ) , 188-194 .
Since 1918 , France had considered Iraq to be its main source of international oil reserves and its main means to gain parity with the Anglo - American companies ( see Yergin , op . cit. , 188-191 ) .
( 8 ) See Michael Tanzer , " Oil and Military Power in the Middle East and the Crimean Sea Region , The Black World Today ( web site ) , two parts , February 28 and Mar 6 , 2002 .
( 9 ) From US Department of Energy , International Energy Outlook , Table 13 . ( 10 ) Text as posted at www.chevrontexaco.com/news/archive/chevron_speech/1998/98-11-05.asp
At the time , Condoleeza Rice , currently US National Security Advisor , was a board member of Chevron and one of the company 's supertankers was named after her .
Though it is tempting to insist on the many oil and energy industry connections of the Bush administration , including the President and Vice President Cheney , oil issues have consistently had a heavy influence on US foreign policy , regardless of party or personalities .
( 11 ) Testimony to the Senate Armed Services Committee , April 13 , 1999 .
( 12 ) See Michael T. Klare , Resource Wars : the new landscape of global conflict ( New York , 2001 ) , esp. ch. 3 , " Oil Conflict in the Persian Gulf . "
Too many bands today spend hours and hours creating new music during the week just to go out and play covers on stage .
Honestly , if this is how bands make their money then it will most likely continue in that manner .
Independent Artist ’s focus today should be building a strategic push of their OWN music to the public .
The technological advances online that we ’ve consistently seen in the past 20 years can shape the strategy in which you focus on .
Through useful online marketing and interaction with sites like Google , Facebook , Youtube , Twitter , iTunes , ReverbNation , the SixtyOne , Last.fm , ect. many Independent musicians , such as Lisa Lavie , have flourished by online promotion ONLY .
The idea is :
You can show your area around you the level of your musical ability , or you can utilize the web to more effectively show the world how talented you are .
So many musicians focus on getting that one person to hear them and get signed by a huge label .
Of course you may become famous for some amount of time , but you lose all control via your contract agreement .
Along with complying to their every wishes and demands , the label is only going to give you a measly 5 % profit on the music in which you ’ve dedicated 100 % of your life to .
So stop searching for that big time record deal and take advantage of the tools the web has to offer .
Sell your music online for greater profits .
Promote everything about your music through social media sites , by posting some free songs to build interest , post videos of live performances , and even photos of all of your events .
Now switch your focus a little bit and start promoting your music , for free , for yourself .
By : Mark G. Valente | Online Marketing Director | @ MarkwithMWL | Music Without Labels & Beat - Play , LLC
Immerse yourself in the deep house sound .
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
Direct Link : ( Right Click -> Save Target As ) … dabears – in too deep
Tracklisting :
Josh Butler – Got A Feeling ( Bontan & Pleasurekraft Edit )
Oliver Heldens – Gecko
Shiba San – Okay
Tchami – Promesses ( Pep & Rash Bootleg )
Dragonette , Mike Mago – Outlines
Andain – Beautiful Things ( Pete Bellis Remix )
MØ – Do n’t Wanna Dance ( Zimmer Remix )
Low Steppa feat .
Natalie Wood – Drifting ( Extended Mix )
Justin Jay – Static
Electricano , Diana Payton – Make Me See ( Donatello Remix )
Henry Krinkle – Stay ( Justin Martin Remix )
Gotye – Somebody That I Used To Know ( Duotronic & Vitalie Fernandez Remix )
DJ Soulstar feat .
Josee Hurlock – Tom’s Diner
Hot Natured feat .
Anabel Englund – Reverse Skydiving
Daniel Steinberg – Let Me Down ( Tube & Berger Remix )
EDX – Breathin’ ( Extended Vocal Mix )
EDX – Reckless Ardor
EDX – Cool You Off
Mr. Probz – Waves ( Robin Schulz Remix )
Lopez Ballesteros – Magic Key
Paji – Lacerta
MITS , Macrus Santoro , Courtney Brianna – You & I ( Jordan Burns Remix )
EDX – Make Me Feel Good
TRU Concept – My Love
I.Am . One – Down ( Levani Remix )
Lilly Wood and & The Prick – Prayer In C ( Robin Schulz Remix )
Lykke Li – No Rest For The Wicked ( Joris Voorn Remix )
Embody – Make A Stand ( feat .
Barnaby )
Chris Malinchak – So Good To Me
Donuts , donuts , they 're the best
Give me pain inside my chest
Hope to donuts I do n't die
From their skin : fresh , hot , and fried
Here are our Top Ten Weirdest Donuts from Around The World .
10 . The Cock - n - Balls from Voodoo Doughnut in Portland Oregon
" I said suck it do n't bite it .
I mean bite it , do n't suck it .
I mean .... "
Whatever you decide to do with it , it 's " tripple cream filled , " so it should be enough for you and a few friends .
Hey , wasup with using the little white one for comparison .
9. Dr Pepper Flavor Donuts from your supermarket ?
" Doctor , doctor , help , normal junk food just is n't good enough anymore . "
" Maam , let 's get you started on aggressive donut therapy .
Start with soda flavors .
Roll over when your flesh starts to ripple . "
8. Donut Fries with Cream and Jelly Dipping Sauce from Psycho Donuts in California
How do you make eating french fries exciting and new ?
Turn a jelly doughnut inside out , cut into strips and call it something else .
7. Bean Jam Doughnut from Katori City , Japan
This one is probably only
6. Khanom Krok from Thailand
These are Thai donuts with an egg and coconut filling .
Eggs and motherfuckin coconuts .
5. Bacon Krispy Kreme Burger from somewhere in America
Author 's description , " A bacon burger with cheese , served on a grilled Krispy Kreme glazed donut as the bun . "
Actually sounds pretty damn good .
4. Indonesian Donuts from Jakarta
Alls we wanna know is what the hell is the deal with the white striped green donut ?
3. Turkey Donuts from Istanbul
Just kidding .
By Turkey donuts we actually mean donuts from Turkey .
These are " Tulumba with kaymak ( cream ) and pistachio , " according to the photo 's author .
2. Pumpkin Donuts from Spain
In Spain these are called Bunyols de Carabassa .
Supposedly they are typical of Mediterranean Spain .
1. BACON DONUT from Voodoo Donut in Portland , Oregon , USA
And the winner and worldwide junkfood champion is still the United States of America .
Get you some .
Derek Brunner leaned back from his work , finally satisfied .
His independent manga comic series was gaining in popularity , and he did n't want to hurt the trend with any dip in quality .
He needed all the money he could amass for certain future plans .
Derek 's fans seemed to like his use of actual ancient myths and legends regarding magical beings in his story lines .
For that meant the reader could often look them up in third party reference sources for extra insight into the characters and what might ( or might not ) happen next .
He uploaded the files to his web site , then made his way to the largest room at his command .
Derek had converted it into a miniature studio .
Several cameras were positioned about its perimeter .
He set the automated camera sequence , picked up his sword , and began executing the choreography he envisioned for his next comic episode .
For he was his own male model for much of the series : the camera shots served as convenient templates for his illustrations .
His fiance Macey often served as a model for the females in the manga .
Once you had such structural forms in your imagery , it was easy to resize and adjust them to represent even wildly different characters and looks .
For Derek , the hard parts were getting the swordplay and martial arts moves right in his imagery .
So he'd had to take classes for those .
For the next several minutes the studio environment would be defined by the sounds of Derek 's wordless exertion , and the sweep of his sword against imaginary foes .
With occasional flashes of light marking the cameras ' capture of the scene .
++++++++++++
Jake Durham knew he had to calm down : to focus .
But it was tough .
For there were so many things he wanted to do , and so little time in which to do them .
Jake urged himself to concentrate on the one thing which needed doing now , rather than the 1300 things he wanted to do over the next several days .
He needed to create a fresh musical score for a new video his multimedia group was putting together .
To do that , he needed to clear his head of everything else .
At least for a few minutes .
But that was just about the most difficult thing in the world for him .
“ Macey ! ” Jake yelled for his sister .
Not moving from his present cross -legged sitting position on his bed .
Carrying his long and lean frame through life the last few years ( after his mid-teens growth spurt ) regularly reminded him that the world was designed mainly for the convenience of average - sized people , and not his own kind .
Or for the ' little folks ' , as Jake sometimes thought now of all those smaller than he ( which included almost everyone he knew ) .
Although he'd never mentioned it to anyone , he often secretly felt a little relieved whenever he encountered someone else similar to himself in size .
“ Yeah ? ”
Macey 's voice wafted back ; from the sound of it , she was several rooms away .
“ Have you finished with that visor yet ? ” “ Just a minute ! ” Moments later Macey entered his room , carrying what appeared to be oversized , wraparound sunglasses .
“ Here .
I did what you wanted , about the noise cancellation and radio wave tuning options .
The noise cancellation and lightshow can be switched off , but not the radio reception that drives the lightshow .
I also have n't had time to calibrate it , ” Macey told him , as she handed him the visor .
“ So you probably should only use it for a few minutes at a time .
It starts feeling weird after that --” “ That 's O.K.-- I 'll manage , ” Jake replied .
“ Thanks .
Now get out -- please . ” “ Whatever , ” Macey rolled her eyes and turned and left the room , closing the door behind her .
Jake looked down at the visor .
He 'd wanted something to silence the sounds of his environment while at the same time soothing his visual input , to help him stay focused .
Closing his eyes made things worse rather than better .
But keeping them open caused everything in his field of view to often make his mind wander , too .
Macey had recently begun playing with the new BeThere hologram appliances on the market , and seemed to have a talent at getting them to do things others could n't .
So far Macey had only used her new hologramic gadgets for playing with her cats , or putting on light shows for little kids , or playing a UFO prank on their dad out of doors .
But Jake figured her new toys might come in handy for a video sometime , too .
Jake made sure the various micro-switches were properly configured , then put on his new techno - shades .
Immediately his surroundings became deathly quiet , and an intriguing light show filled his vision ... ++++++++++++
Macey Durham returned to her room , and the costume she was designing for a Halloween party some weeks away .
Her cat Weasel as usual was way too interested in the process , so Macey finally had to put her outside and close the door .
Macey enjoyed designing and making costumes .
She often helped Derek with such things , when he felt he needed some custom apparel photos to improve the quality of his manga .
But this was going to be her best costume ever .
She was sure it'd be a hit at the party .
And that Derek would like it enough to possibly add a whole new character to his manga to accommodate it .
Macey was sure though that her family would shake their collective heads at her choice of theme : a humanoid cat .
They all thought she liked cats just a little too much .
But ever since Avatar 's release , Macey had felt both inspired and challenged at the same time to outdo the famous Hollywood director , in terms of his otherworldly feline characters .
And now -- at last -- she had the design that would do it .
Like Jake , Macey too had wide - ranging interests , and often found it difficult to stay at the same thing for very long .
So she tried to always keep something like a virtual Lazy Susan of different projects going all at the same time .
That way when she momentarily tired of one , she could just move to the next in her imaginary carousel .
Putting together the isolation visor for Jake had been interesting .
But her biggest tech feat so far had been the UFO prank on her dad .
She 'd had to set up hidden gear all around a certain spot outside , then put together a wrist device to activate and control it .
By itself , the large bracelet - like gadget only appeared to turn into a powerful strobe light when switched on .
But in the properly prepared environment , she could amaze everyone with its capabilities .
It turned out to also be useful for punishing her cats when necessary ( without hurting them ) .
For they did n't like the flashing light at all .
Jake did n't either .
So it worked somewhat similarly on her brother .
Macey 's true aim with the hologramic tech though was artwork .
She intended to create a few dozen pieces with it , and put on a show at an upcoming tech convention .
Maybe sell some of the works .
Maybe sell some books detailing how she built and programmed them .
She already had three how to guides completed , and four others in outline form .
The holo gear , she 'd found for surprisingly good prices online .
Programmable switches for it all , too .
Luckily it could all be configured via scripts similar to what she 'd used to edit net forum threads , growing up .
++++++++++++
Jake quietly watched the lightshow in Macey 's visor , and concentrated on his breathing .
He 'd only recently learned about using certain controlled breathing techniques for purposes of meditation .
The eerie silence created around him by the visor 's noise cancellation feature helped a lot .
He felt like he was the only person on Earth .
Then something bizarre began to take place .
He heard voices .
Strange voices .
Startled ,
Jake removed the visor to see who'd entered his room .
But there was no one there .
And not a peep of the previous voices he 'd distinctly heard .
Jake wondered if Macey was playing a prank on him , like she had their dad .
Only acoustically this time , rather than with light and shadow .
Or maybe , he realized , the radio wave tuner in the visor was picking up some stray signals from the atmosphere , as sometimes happened with speaker gear .
Well , he really needed to create that new music , so he decided he'd either ignore the voices , or try tuning them out with the adjustments available in the visor .
Jake soon noticed he could only hear the voices once he'd achieved a certain level of relaxation -- or focused attention , maybe .
And he could n't quite make out what they were saying .
At least at first .
But the more he heard , the more coherent they seemed to become .
Eventually , Jake realized it seemed like he was n't hearing the voices with his ears , but literally inside his head : inside his very mind .
That freaked him out a little , and he interrupted his session again .
It took him a few minutes to think up a possible explanation : that he was hearing the voices with his ears after all -- only backwards from the usual method .
That somehow the visor ( or its noise cancellation feature , maybe ? ) was causing the sounds to resonate inside his skull , so that he was hearing it from the inside out , rather than the more typical outside in .
At least that 's what Jake told himself .
As he donned the visor once again .
The weird gaggle of voices made for by far the strangest radio broadcast Jake had ever heard -- or ever heard of .
There were at least two or three different voices .
And they all sounded a little off , somehow .
Almost like they came from voice boxes close to -- but not quite -- human .
The voices must be part of some radio show , Jake thought .
And the unusual sound of the voices simply a contrived audio effect , meant to entertain an audience .
But there were never any commercial breaks .
And the more Jake began to comprehend what the voices were saying , the weirder it all seemed .
After a while Jake noticed something else about the voices .
The totality of what he was hearing only partially resembled a conversation .
Some of it was definitely one voice speaking to another , and that other responding .
But other bits seemed more like unspoken thoughts instead .
Like he was eavesdropping not only on someone else 's conversation , but their very mental processes too .
Once he could fully grasp the meaning of what he was listening to , Jake got the impression the voices represented three people on a vessel of some sort .
Three main people , that is .
There seemed to be several others as well -- but for some reason they had no voices of their own .
And were less important ; like servants maybe .
Suddenly all three voices exhibited varying degrees of alarm and anger and fear .
Fear of discovery by someone .
Fear that their superiors would punish them for it .
The vocal flare up became too intense , and Jake yanked off the visor , instantaneously returning to the normalcy of his quiet room .
Among the last things heard from the voices had been something most unexpected .
For their concern about being discovered seemed to point to discovery by humans .
How whacked was that ?
Jake shook his head .
Then was stunned to notice the time on a nearby clock .
It said it was after midnight !
But he'd only sat down just minutes ago , he was sure !
A trip into the kitchen confirmed it though .
Everyone else in the house was asleep .
He 'd actually been listening to the mysterious voices for almost six hours !
Jake shook his head again .
No way !
He realized he must actually have dozed off and dreamt the whole thing .
But he'd never slept for hours sitting upright before ; that was definitely something new .
Oh well , he thought : it 'd been an interesting dream , anyway .
Hopefully he could stay awake the next time he used the visor , and actually make the music score he needed .
Jake cooked and ate a pizza , then went to bed .
++++++++++++
The next day Jake was surprised to see news on the net about a strange sighting over northern Europe , hours before .
It seemed a decidedly odd craft had become visible in the natural northern lights , and many were calling it a UFO .
The photos seemed undeniable .
Soon after though , those reports were followed by others saying it was simply a manmade satellite in the photos .
Jake though was n't so certain .
For it seemed the timing of the sightings had eerily coincided with the alarm expressed by the voices in his visor .
Alarm about “ humans ” spotting them .
Yikes !
And so Jake 's interest in the voices was piqued .
He knew it might all truly be a coincidence -- and he still thought he might have dreamed the voices -- but he figured the new developments warranted another check , all the same .
To see if he truly did hear them in the first place .
++++++++++++
In the days to come , Jake discovered the voices did exist , after all .
To the consternation of his video production buddies , he dropped most everything else he was doing , in order to concentrate on the voices .
And no :
Jake did n't inform friends or family as to what had suddenly seized his attention this way .
For one thing , he did n't have enough solid evidence regarding it to feel confident discussing the matter .
But he was definitely documenting the phenomena now : making notes about times and dates and locations discussed by the voices , as well as anything else which seemed significant to the puzzle .
It was around that time that something new came about .
A new voice Jake had never heard before begin speaking , and all the other voices uncharacteristically went mute .
Normally , the phenomena often resembled a cacophony of competing monologues or points of argument : so much so as to frequently reach incoherence .
But when this new voice spoke , suddenly all else became still .
The new voice was that of authority , Jake realized .
A superior to all the original voices .
The authority entity briefly interrogated the others ; gave them a few new orders , and then was gone once more .
The subordinate voices haltingly began to resume their normal discord again .
The surprise intrusion by the authority voice made Jake wonder if he could speak to the other voices too .
So he tried .
Tried to project a thought at them .
Then when that did n't work , tried the same thing verbally .
But nothing came of it .
Jake removed the visor and went in search of Macey . “ Macey , can you make this thing transmit on the same bands it 's receiving ? ” “ Why ? ”
Macey asked absentmindedly , as she stroked Weasel 's fur .
Macey possessed her own meditative practices , which mainly consisted of playing with Weasel while listening to music .
Jake had just interrupted the music part . “ I just want to try something .
Can you do it ? ” “ Well , it wo n't be pretty . ” “ What do you mean ? ” “ The visor 's self - contained at the moment , but to broadcast I 'll have to plug in another component with its own battery , and it'll probably have to hang off your belt or something -- with the wire running up to your visor . ”
Jake considered that for a moment .
“ But you 're sure it'll transmit on the same frequencies it 's currently receiving signals on ? ”
Macey shrugged her shoulders .
“ It should .
Try it and see . ”
Macey got up from her sitting position on her bed , dropping Weasel to perform her usual fluid mid-air twist maneuver of landing perfectly and disappearing into the hallway , all in under half a second .
Macey stepped over to a set of shelves lining one wall , pulled out a bread box - sized plastic bin , and plucked from it a plastic item about the size of a pack of cigarettes , with a tangled white wire attached to it .
She looked up at her much taller brother as she handed it to him .
“ Do not lose this , ” she warned him .
“ It 's part of my pranking remote control . ”
Jake smiled .
“ The one you pulled on dad ? ” Macey smiled back .
“ Yeah . ”
Then her smile vanished again .
“ So do n't lose it -- or break it ! ”
Jake laughed .
“ I won't ! ”
And with that he turned and left her room .
“ You better not ! ” he heard Macey yell after him .
“ Or I 'll put warm tuna in your ear when you 're asleep and trap Weasel in your room ! ”
Possibly getting the capability to interact with the voices made Jake more cautious .
Because he might only have one chance to speak to or with them , before they pulled the plug on their end somehow .
And being that he was now virtually obsessed with discovering their true identity , he could n't afford to blow that one shot .
So Jake continued to monitor the voices without using the transmitter , for another whole week .
++++++++++++
Jake gradually became ever more certain he was actually -- somehow -- eavesdropping on aliens .
Macey 's visor accidentally picked up and decoded some sort of communications band the aliens themselves used to both monitor and command roving ships like that carrying the three voices .
Jake never heard any voices other than the three , and occasionally the superior .
Apparently the ship of the three was the only one currently in range of Earth - - or else each ship had its own unique band , and so he'd have to retune the visor to find another .
But no way Jake was going to change the visor band : he was sure that would only lead to him losing the original signal and being unable to find another .
The visor of course was n't translating the language of the aliens into English .
But whatever info the alien radio signal carried , part of it consisted of the very thoughts of each of the three crewmen onboard .
And when suitably relaxed , Jake could readily understand those parts -- somehow .
Whenever an alien actually spoke , both the thought and the spoken word were carried in the signal -- and so Jake was fast learning their spoken language in that manner .
In the first week Jake had routinely lost comprehension of the voices whenever he moved out of a relaxed state of mind .
But since then he'd been working to notice how his mind felt in that state , so that he could try switching it on and off more conveniently .
And he was now finding it easier and easier to do every day .
For instance , he could now walk around the house and fix something to eat , or even do certain chores , without losing his understanding of the voices from the visor .
++++++++++++
Jake had by now known about the voices for something less than a month Jake reviewed what he 'd learned .
It seemed the voices ' superior was always or usually eavesdropping on them just like Jake was .
And so would likely hear Jake too , if and when he spoke to the crew .
However , there always seemed to be at least several hours lag time between the subordinates saying or thinking something , and the superior responding to it later -- except when the superior called them first : at which point there seemed to follow realtime interaction .
Jake figured the lag time might have something to do with the distances between the crew and their superior , or maybe the superior was monitoring lots of other crews too , or perhaps the superior himself had to refer to someone above him for many things , before getting back to the crew .
Heck : it could even have been all three .
But whatever the reason for the usual communications delay anytime but for those contacts initiated by the superior , it meant Jake might have that much time to try something crazy on the crew , such as ...
What if he could trick the crew into landing their spaceship somewhere nearby -- and actually disembarking from same ?
Lead them into a trap ?
Capture them , and their ship ?
Would n't that be something for the history books ?
And Jake was sure his dad would love it , too .
But they 'd likely have hand weapons .
And maybe be invulnerable to anything the human race might throw at them .
So trapping them had to be a wholly con game - based affair .
It seemed to be a sure thing that if a firefight broke out , the aliens would definitely win .
There was also the problem of the constant surveillance their superior kept on them .
It seemed directly linked to their brains .
So that link would have to be cut too-- or else risk reinforcements showing up -- or an automated self - destruct being armed in their spacecraft .
Yes , the several hours delay in the superior 's normal response would be useful , but a self - destruct on the ship might not possess such a delayed reaction .
Plus , if the communications link could be cut at some point , even when the other aliens did mount a response , it might be too late for them to discover where the crew and their ship had disappeared to .
Jake had seen his share of science fiction flicks .
He thought he had a good idea of what to expect and plan for .
First things first :
Jake needed to get the aliens to come to him .
Or to his preferred location .
For he certainly could n't go to them !
Or even to any other spot very far away on Earth .
He also needed them all to disembark from their craft , to make them more vulnerable .
There needed to be a good and secure place to lock them up nearby , if they could be successfully captured .
The entrapment area needed to be secluded and isolated from likely intrusion or observation by other human beings .
The spot needed to have a good - sized parking lot or field nearby too , for the ship to land -- and be well hidden from most casual observation .
Once Jake had listed all these essentials , he instantly knew the perfect place : a small movie theater his ex-girlfriend 's uncle used to own , before he sold it .
Jake was intimately familiar with the place , and knew more than one way to get in without a key .
At least if the place had n't been changed overly much .
The new owner had begun some renovations like blocking cell phone signals in the auditorium , but then been forced by a downturn in the market to shutter the place and wait for better times .
Jake was pretty sure the cell block had been completed though .
And that seemed likely to block the aliens ' thought broadcasts as well .
The theater had a secluded parking lot behind it , and numerous stout and lockable storage rooms inside .
If he could get the aliens into one end of the auditorium , that would also leave plenty of buffer space for him at the other end , when they met .
Jake thought he might be able to deal with any hand weapons the aliens carried with a command projection .
But just in case he could n't , he'd take his dad 's shotgun -- and his automatic pistol too .
Jake knew well how to use both .
The pistol would be easy to conceal .
But not the shotgun .
For that , Jake would need to borrow a friend 's long black leather coat , and let the shotgun dangle under one arm from a makeshift attachment .
Jake could n't figure out any practical way to alert Macey and Derek to the possible need for weapons , without making them possibly spill the beans about the trap to others , or at least certainly not show up to help him spring it .
So he did n't .
Hopefully the pistol and shotgun would be enough .
And if not , they would run for it .
And once outside the cell signal shield , call 911 .
Of course , Jake knew lots of people -- probably including Macey and Derek too-- would say the smart thing to do would be to notify the government , and let them handle it .
But Jake was sure the government would ignore him .
And if they did n't ignore him , that might be even worse .
At best he'd be cut out of the loop , the government would catch the aliens and their ship with his info , and nobody ( including himself ) would ever know what happened after that .
It 'd all be classified top secret , and Jake would n't even be able to take credit for alerting the government in the first place .
No : Jake figured he'd try to do it himself , first .
Then maybe later alert the government , if things went wrong .
And if things went right , maybe play with some alien gadgets for a while before telling anybody ... yeah , that sounded like a plan worth pursuing !
And that way he might prove to the world what he'd done -- before the government could hush things up -- and maybe get a book and movie deal out of it too , even if the government seized the UFO itself after that .
Yeah !
++++++++++++
Unfortunately , try as he might , Jake could only come up with most of a plan : not a complete one .
He was going to need help .
Not only to spring the trap , but to create it , too .
But he was going to need help that could keep a secret .
At least for a while .
Macey had not long past proven her own ability for that in the prank pulled on their dad .
Nobody in the family had had any inkling what she was up to until afterwards .
Not even Derek .
And Macey had apparently spent weeks setting it up .
Plus , Jake had to admit that even though she could be a royal pain at times , she also possessed some surprising skills .
Like putting together the visor that 'd helped him discover the aliens in the first place .
And come to think of it , the trap Jake needed to spring on the aliens needed to be a lot like a prank .
A Macey prank .
Then there was Derek .
Jake did n't have a lot of pull with Derek personally , but Macey did .
So if Jake could get Macey involved , it 'd probably be easy to get Derek in too .
And as Derek just did n't talk much period , it did n't seem much info would be leaking through him .
Derek seemed plenty smart , too .
But Jake still did n't know him well enough to know what particular things Derek could bring to the table for the trap .
But maybe Macey would .
++++++++++++
It turned out to be more difficult to recruit Macey than Jake had anticipated .
For one thing , he could n't figure out a way to approach the subject without her possibly going ballistic .
For it did sound a little crazy , on the face of it : he 'd accidentally stumbled upon aliens via their own surveillance system , using a meditation aid Macey had made for him from stuff bought online .
He figured them to be aliens because of a recent UFO sighting in the news that coincided with him hearing them being concerned about ' humans ' seeing them ( plus other strange stuff he'd heard from them since ) .
So in the end Jake figured he'd have to not only trick the aliens , but trick Macey and Derek into helping him , too .
Therefore , Jake told Macey he was writing a story he and his friends might make into a short movie about teenagers capturing aliens without the help of the authorities .
Jake actually gave Macey much real information about the situation , only presented as fiction .
Then asked for her help on filling in the gaps .
In the middle of that , Derek called Macey , and Macey included Derek in the discussion as well .
And Jake ended up picking both their brains on the matter without truly disclosing anything at all .
However , Jake knew he'd still want their help when the trap was actually sprung .
Hopefully he could get it by simply pulling the emergency card on them .
What few small hang ups remained after that , Jake researched the internet for .
And voila : he had his plan .
Well , his , Macey's , and Derek 's plan , anyway .
One great thing about the plan was it would ( in theory anyway ) offer maximum leverage to Jake 's one and possibly only thought projection to the aliens .
He 'd enjoy the maximum possible credibility with them in that first broadcast , and so hopefully start the dominoes falling for their capture , soon after .
Jake spent days crafting his little speech , and honing his use of their language .
He was afraid to do his speech in English , due to how the aliens ' own language came through the signal overlaid over their thoughts .
So he figured he'd have to try to not only think but speak like the aliens too , to pull it off .
He 'd also keep the speech as brief as possible , and yank the plug on the transmitter immediately after , to minimize the possibility of them seeing through his ruse .
Basically , he would order them to top emergency status , inform them their ship had been commandeered by the special operations department until further notice , and they were to immediately proceed to a particular location on Earth ( in longitude and latitude ) to find and retrieve an object about a third of a cubic meter in size , hidden in a wooden fixture within a certain human structure .
The object could not be detected via their ship 's equipment , or anything among their expedition accessories : they would have to find and identify it manually .
Details for identification were also provided ( for an object which would not exist where Jake was sending them ) .
That was it .
Jake did n't have to provide any reason for the order : the crew never asked for such justifications in their normal messaging with superiors .
Jake was surprised to find all his preparations coming to a head in the early evening of Halloween : the same evening he knew Macey was going to a party in a new costume .
He hoped attending the party would n't make Macey dally about coming in response to his emergency call .
To be sure , there was still more Jake could have done preparation - wise for the event , to boost its chances for success -- but being a young man , he 'd already delayed implementing his plan for as long as he could stand .
The rest he would leave to luck , come what may .
Jake sent his message , killed the transmitter , and then eavesdropped on the aliens to hear their honest reaction .
Just as he had hoped , they took the bait !
++++++++++++
Macey was still in the middle of gathering compliments galore on her killer cat costume and makeup at the party -- and especially the little lightshows she could trigger in one particular spot of the main room due to previous preparations -- when her phone rang .
Jake told her it was an emergency , please come right away , and where he was -- then hung up before she could ask any questions .
Derek had accompanied Macey to the bash , and so they left together to see about Jake .
Jake hoped he 'd timed it properly .
He was proud of himself : it 'd been tough not to jump the gun and call Macey too early .
Somehow he 'd managed to wait until he 'd actually witnessed the ship arrive and land -- and even for a while beyond that , as the crew did n't immediately exit the craft .
But after they did , he could n't contain himself any longer , and made the call .
Their ship did n't lack much filling the entire parking lot .
It seemed implausible that it carried a crew of only three : but Jake had never heard more than the three voices onboard the whole time he 'd monitored them .
There had been that nagging sense of another group of presences on - board -- but after a while Jake had decided the occasional references he heard to them had to pertain to either smart appliances of some kind -- or maybe pets .
Not other aliens , per se .
Jake had never before been this excited over anything , in his entire life .
He was literally shivering all over in anticipation .
And definitely not from the coolness of the night air .
For he was wearing a long , hot leather coat , and atop that two crinkly space blankets taped together to make one large poncho - like contraption , while he 'd waited for the ship to show up .
The space blankets were basically thin metallicized mylar sheets meant to keep campers warm .
But here Jake had been using them to minimize the emanations of his cell phone , body , and anything else the aliens might scan the area for before landing or disembarking .
For the sheets acted like improvised Faraday cages .
Or at least it was his hope that they did .
Jake had been crouched low in the wooded vicinity surrounding the back parking lot of the theater , while waiting for the ship 's arrival .
A few street lamps around the parking area provided decent visibility , despite night fall .
As the visor was basically a set of wrap around sunglasses with a bit of added electronics , he had them perched up on his head rather than covering his eyes .
He could still hear the visor that way -- but being inside the space blankets had pretty much killed the signal .
However , he knew his present level of excitement might have made the voices just sound like gibberish anyway , had the signal gotten through .
It seemed the space blankets had done their job .
Or at least had kept him from picking up the crew voices while so enclosed .
But that had also made him antsy .
For being unable to hear their thoughts also left him unable to get any warning if they 'd detected his presence -- and might be about to shoot him .
Or leave .
But then , finally , he 'd seen an opening appear in the craft , and three figures exit .
For a brief moment there almost seemed to be a fourth , much smaller figure as well -- like a child -- but then it was gone .
Leaving Jake uncertain of what he 'd seen .
He 'd decided it nothing but a trick of the low light .
The crew went to the nearest doorway in the building , did something to break the lock , and entered .
Jake noticed they all seemed to be short and pudgy .
With one in particular wearing something like a backpack .
That 's when Jake had finally dared to bare his head and cell phone from underneath the protective sheets , and call Macey .
Jake had then shrugged off his awkward covering , stood up , and snapped a photo of the ship with his phone .
That way he'd have some evidence even if everything else went wrong .
Then he ran to his car , which was parked beside the building , near a front corner .
He started it up , pulled around , and parked it against the door the crew had used , making it ( hopefully ! ) impossible for them to exit through it .
He left the car through the passenger side door , and ran back around to the front of the building to await Macey and Derek .
Luckily he did n't have to wait for long .
Derek 's car pulled into the empty front parking lot ( way too leisurely for Jake 's excited state ) , and Jake raced up on foot to meet them .
Jake knew they might bolt or call 911 if he did or said the wrong thing , but he was also so excited he could barely speak .
Macey was the key , he knew .
If he could win her over , he 'd likely get Derek too by default .
So Jake went to the passenger side window .
“ Jake , why are you running ?
Are you hurt ? ”
Macey asked .
Jake was breathing heavily -- more from excitement than running .
“ I 'm running because -- because there 's something you and Derek have to see !
You wo n't freaking believe it ! ”
Jake involuntarily let out a somewhat hysterical combination of laugh and gasp .
Macey 's brow furrowed .
“ Jake , you have n't been drinking , have you ? ”
Jake laughed .
“ No , no , no .
It 's just that -- there 's something really great you have to see ! ”
Macey turned to Derek , and Derek shut off the car .
They got out .
“ OK Jake : we 'll look .
But then we 're going back to the party .
I did n't do all this work for nothing , you know ! ”
Macey referred to her splendid head - to - toe cat costume and matching makeup .
As Jake had seen Macey 's costume preparations over weeks , he was more surprised by Derek 's outfit .
Derek had come dressed as a warrior from his manga comics .
Jake had never seen Derek in full costume before .
The main thing that caught Jake 's eye though was the sheathed sword .
“ Is that sword real ? ” Jake pointed .
“ Yes , ” Derek replied .
“ Good !
Follow me ! ”
Jake knew better than to show them the huge spaceship behind the building .
Instead , he directed them to one of his secret entrances to the structure -- as all the normal entrances were locked ( or blocked , in the case of the one used by the aliens ) .
“ Jake , I do n't think we 're supposed to be doing this , ” Macey protested , once she realized what Jake wanted them to see was inside .
“ Whatever 's in there belongs to someone else , and we should n't be looking at it - -” “ Shhh !
Whisper ! ”
Jake interrupted her .
“ There 's already somebody in here that 's not supposed to be here .
We 're going to surprise them , ” Jake told her , as he led the way with a small flashlight inside .
“ Who ?
Some of your film buddies ?
This is what you called us for ?
And said was an emergency ? ”
Macey 's tone indicated rising annoyance .
“ No .
It 's somebody trying to -- um -- put on a UFO hoax like you did to dad .
I accidentally overheard them , and made arrangements to mess it up . ” “ Jake !
Why would you do that ?
They might get mad , you know - - ” “ Oh yeah , they 're going to get mad all right .
But we 'll call 911 on them if we have to . ” “ Jake , I do n't think this is a good idea --” Macey continued .
“ Shhh !
Here we are .
They should be in here ... ”
Jake whispered as he slid his light into a coat pocket and opened a door to the auditorium just enough to peek in .
The door made no sound .
But Jake was surprised to see a bright light source slowly moving up high , near the ceiling , bathing everything in a bright pale blue tint .
Only maybe a hundred feet away were the crew , examining the stage - like construction at the foot of the movie screen .
Jake noted hearing something from the visor again , now that some signal could escape the cell - proof room .
But he was too excited to understand it .
He struggled to calm himself ; to coax out his more receptive frame of mind , in regards to the visor still perched atop his head .
All three young people peered through the open crack at different heights .
“ What are they doing ? ” Derek asked .
The figures did n't appear all that unusual for a Halloween night .
They were dressed oddly , with their heads fully enclosed , but otherwise appeared humanoid . “ They 're looking for something that 's not there , ” Jake informed them . “ What ?
Did you get it ? ”
Macey asked .
“ No : it never existed .
I made it up .
Sent them on a wild goose chase ... ”
Jake told them . “ Wait a minute ...!
Jake , this sounds like that story you asked me for help with , ” Macey interjected .
“ Yeah , it does , ” Derek seconded .
This was it , Jake decided .
Time to tell all .
“ OK , here 's the truth : the story was n't a story : it 's real .
I heard some real life aliens talking through Macey 's visor , and managed to trick them into coming here to look for something , so we can capture them and their ship ... and get rich and famous . ”
Macey giggled .
“ Yeah .
Right . ” “ Do n't believe me ?
Just look at 'em !
Do n't they look unusual to you ? ” “ Jake , they 're small because they 're kids !
Or teenagers maybe .
This is Halloween !
They 're dressed up , just like us .
I admit their costumes look top notch -- but so do ours ! ”
Macey shot him down .
“ And what about that floating light thing they 're using ? ”
Jake responded .
“ Well ... ”
Macey began , but Derek picked it up -- “... it's a remote controlled helium balloon with a flashlight on it .
A strong flashlight , but a flashlight , none - the - less . ”
Jake shook his head .
“ I 'm telling you , those are real aliens .
Their spaceship is parked in the back lot . ” “
If that 's so why did n't you show it to us while we were outside ? ”
Macey asked . “ I was afraid you 'd panic and run away . ” “ Jake honey : if the smell of your feet after being gone with your friends for two days camping is n't enough to make me run away screaming , there 's no aliens up to doing it , ” Macey laughed at her sisterly put down .
Then Jake remembered the photo on his phone .
“ Wait .
Here .
Look at this .
I took it just after the aliens landed and went into the building . ”
Macey and Derek examined the photo , but remained skeptical .
Macey began her critique . “ Well , I got to admit you got the lighting just right Jake .
And did a pretty good job of ' shopping one of your Blender models into a pic .
But --”
Then a flurry of activity and noise from the aliens seized their attention .
Where previously there had obviously been only three of the strangely dressed people at the low end of the auditorium , now suddenly there were seven : four others had seemingly appeared out of nowhere .
The new four were also much smaller than the original three , resembling slender toddlers in size , but much more animated and confident in their movements than any human toddler could be .
“ What in the world ... ”
Macey said so quietly it was almost a mere exhalation on her part . “ I told you : they 're aliens , ” Jake reminded them .
“ I thought I saw something like this happen outside too , just as they left their ship , but was n't sure .
Somehow they can multiply themselves with miniature versions -- and then make those versions vanish when they 're done with them , ” Jake realized for the first time , as he spoke the words .
Holy smokes ...!
It might be tougher to corral these dudes than he thought !
Jake worried .
“ Wait -- look there ! ”
Derek pointed , and they all watched one of the smaller forms leap up at a larger one -- and seemingly disappear into thin air .
“ Jake , we 've got to get out of here , ” Macey said , her voice showing fear for the first time .
Jake was suddenly feeling somewhat intimidated too himself -- but he hated the thought of wasting such an opportunity .
He was sure he'd never get another like this .
“ Do n't worry Macey : Derek 's got a sword .
I can read their minds with your visor .
And I 've got dad 's shotgun and pistol , too . ” “ You do ? ”
Macey asked , with Derek following close behind with a question of his own : “ You can read their minds , you say ? ” Jake responded to Derek first .
“ Yeah , that 's what I hear through Macey 's visor : what each alien is thinking .
I can also hear and understand their spoken words to one another , even though it 's not in English . ”
Then Jake answered Macey .
“ Yep , I got his guns all right .
You want the pistol ? ” “ No . I just want to leave , ” Macey told him , her hand on his upper arm . “ Well , I 'm not leaving , ” Jake told them , and in one fast move opened the door wider and stepped into the auditorium , to move into a crouching position behind the uppermost center row of seats nearest the door .
Hoping the others would follow him .
“ Jake ! ” Macey hissed after him .
Although she wanted to do exactly the opposite , she followed her brother into the auditorium , taking up a position similar to his behind the central seat row nearest the door .
And Derek , determined to protect her , did the same .
Macey could n't let Jake do this by himself , because Jake was her younger brother , by almost three years .
Although physically Jake towered over her by a couple feet , he was still her ' little ' brother , and she would n't let anything happen to him if she could help it .
The aliens seemed to have eyes in the back of their heads .
For although they'd had their backs turned when the three entered the auditorium -- and the trio had made no significant noise with their entry -- still the aliens suddenly became aware of their presence .
Jake and the others would later realize the floating light device near the ceiling probably housed a camera feeding video of the entire room to its owners in realtime , giving them a 360 degree view of their surroundings .
“ Oh crap , ” Macey whimpered .
Jake was still not getting any legible read on the aliens ' thoughts , due to his own racing heartbeat and thinking processes .
But he decided to try to send a thought to the aliens anyway -- then realized he'd had the transmitter unplugged to avoid accidental broadcasts ever since commanding the aliens to come here .
He plugged it back in and tried again .
He instructed them to put down their weapons and surrender : that they were surrounded .
Or at least he tried .
His current mix of excitement and fear made it tough to understand the aliens ' thoughts -- and to speak to them as well .
The aliens seemed confused for a moment .
Then all reached for devices attached to their waists .
Those were their weapons , Jake figured .
Jake pulled his shotgun out of hiding , cocked it , aimed at the hovering ceiling light from his crouched position behind the seat row , and tried projecting his thoughts at them again : ' I told you to put your weapons down and surrender , NOW . ' “ Jake , what are you doing ? ”
Macey asked .
“ I 'm radioing them a warning through the visor : and now I 've got to back it up . ”
Jake shot the floating light , and it sputtered out .
Making an eerie squealing noise as it did .
Jake briefly wondered if the flying device had been a living thing of some sort .
The auditorium was plunged into darkness .
Jake fished out his flashlight again -- only to find its battery going dead at that very moment , and its light dimming to nothing .
And Jake had no second flashlight .
Or fresh batteries .
But he could also hear the thoughts of the aliens through his visor : they seemed to be trying to shoot at them !
If he was understanding them correctly , anyway .
But he was getting only bits and pieces of their thoughts , at best .
“ Macey , Derek , stay down !
They 're shooting ! ”
Jake warned .
Derek and Macey cringed lower .
But nothing happened .
And Jake heard the confused thoughts of the aliens as they realized their weapons would n't work ; just like their attempts to report the ambush to their superiors garnered not even an automated acknowledgement , as well .
Jake realized he and his cohorts were in luck : apparently the same shielding which hampered the aliens ' communications system also cut off the power to their weapons !
Or prevented their safeties from being taken off , at least .
But that pertained only to their main weapons ; they apparently had another means of defending themselves , and Jake began to get a better sense of what the aliens ' strange power of multiplication really was ... “ Their weapons are n't working --” Jake explained to the others .
“ How come ? ” Derek asked .
“ I picked this place because it blocks cell phone signals -- so the aliens could n't call for help .
Apparently it blocks their guns from working too .
But now they 're up to something else -- does anybody have a flashlight ? ”
Jake asked , without much hope of a positive response .
In that moment he badly wished that he could have postponed the confrontation until he could somehow have gotten Macey and Derek to join him in a fully informed -- and much better prepared -- manner ... “ No .
Not me , ” Derek responded in the blackness .
“ Me neither , ” Macey seconded , then added .
“ What about the one you were using a few minutes ago ? ” “ It 's dead . ” “ Well , click it some more .
Shake it ! ” “ I already tried all that .
The batteries are dead . ” “ Put some new ones in ! ” “ I do n't have any new ones , Macey , ” Jake told her , feeling his previous confidence drain away with each word of his response .
“ You mean you set all this up and brought a dead flashlight ?
How dumb can you be , Jake ? ”
Macey said out of fear , desperation , and anger .
“ Well , I can't think of everything ! ”
Jake exclaimed .
He was just as angry and frustrated about it as his sister .
Maybe more so .
The darkness surrounding them seemed about to choke them all .
Then something occurred to Derek .
“ Macey , do you still have your bracelet you were using for your light show at the party ? ” “ Oh yeah !
I do !
But it 's not a flashlight : it 's just a strobe . ” “ Turn it on Macey ! ” Jake urged .
“ We need light , and we need it NOW ! ”
Jake exclaimed , as his visor seemed to be telling him some scary stuff indeed .
All three of them still cowered behind the last center seat row in the auditorium .
Macey switched on the device .
The very first burst of light revealed a terrifying sight : one of the aliens was already upon them , standing at the end of their row , almost within arm 's length .
Apparently they could see better in the fresh darkness than Jake and company .
And move awfully quietly , too .
Jake and Macey both yelled and instinctively jumped backwards , deeper behind the row .
Derek yelled out of surprise too , but sprang upwards and forward instead , drawing his sword as he did so .
He slashed at the being , twisting and turning as he'd practiced so many times in his motion capture photo sessions for his manga .
Macey 's strobe light bracelet continued to flash , painting the scene in surreal stop motion frames .
Jake struggled to re-aim his shotgun to help Derek , only to have the long barrel catch between two of the previously invisible theater seats .
Macey tried to help Derek by better positioning her light source to hopefully blind the alien while improving Derek 's view of the fight : she thrust her arm straight up in the air with the bracelet turned Derek 's way , and hoped it did n't get shot off or bitten off by an alien .
Macey 's flashing bracelet was more helpful to Derek than she realized .
For it mimicked the flashing of his studio cameras when he choreographed his fight scenes for his manga .
It was second nature to Derek now to do battle with fantastic foes by the ebb and flow of exploding light from his cameras .
Of course , he knew he did n't stand any chance against real life aliens .
But maybe Macey and Jake could get to safety if he could hold them off for a minute or two .
Even as he fought , a part of him noted with amazement that he might well die in a scene much like something out of his manga .
Unfortunately , Derek knew something Jake and Macey did not about their present circumstances : his sword was mainly for show : it had shipped from the factory with a dull point and edge for safety purposes , and he'd never had reason to sharpen it .
And so he could n't do nearly the damage he wanted to , in that moment .
Plus , the alien 's suit seemed to offer much protection to its wearer as well .
However , the blade was mirror - like in its reflection of light , and so Macey 's strobe seemed to add to its effectiveness in the darkness .
At least intimidation - wise .
The alien surprised Derek by actually retreating a few feet , and Derek continued to press his attack .
Then a second alien joined the first , and Derek ramped up his efforts , striving to give Macey and Jake all the time he could before he was inevitably struck down .
He wanted badly to tell them to run , to see them escaping , but was afraid to take his attention away from the threat before him .
Plus , between the alternating brilliant flashes and depths of darkness , he knew he'd be hard pressed to clearly see his companions anyway , if he tried it .
Derek then realized that so long as the flashes continued , that meant Macey was still present , and in danger : and also that she would not leave him .
That meant that he had no choice : he somehow had to win .
It would n't be enough to hold off the aliens for Macey and Jake to escape : he had to win .
With that understanding , all his fears fell away , and Derek suddenly felt lighter and calmer than he ever had before .
The aliens seemed to him to be moving in slow motion now , and his own limbs gained a new freedom and strength he'd never known before .
He had to win .
He would win .
To Jake and Macey and aliens alike , Derek suddenly seemed to turn into a spinning vortex of singing steel , and continued to inexorably push the aliens back and away from the young people 's position .
In that moment , Derek become the embodiment of the irresistible force of human myth and legend .
Jake now had his shotgun free again , but could n't shoot as Derek was often between him and the aliens .
Macey screamed at Jake to shoot them , but there was no clear shot .
Then Jake heard the third alien give the others a new command -- and in the ghastly stop motion of Macey 's strobe light , a horrifying new sight emerged .
Additional small aliens seemed to peel off the bodies of the two human - sized aliens Derek was fighting against , to begin to surround Derek on all sides .
The smaller ones could actually leap from the top of one theater seat backrest to another , unlike their larger counterparts .
And also scurry about low on all fours on the floor , to get around his blade .
The smaller aliens all seemed to possess something like knives , themselves .
To Macey and Jake , there seemed to be no way Derek could continue to hold them all off , no matter how well he could wield his sword .
For he suddenly faced something like eight opponents all at once .
To Derek however , the mounting odds and his dull - edged sword no longer mattered .
For he knew he would win .
His blade shimmered and flashed by Macey 's light , and sooner or later would cut through the aliens ' armor -- solely by his will alone , if necessary .
To Derek 's mind , the aliens could flee or die : he would allow them no third choice .
Macey screamed a warning .
Jake jumped over one seat row , then another , to get a clear shot , his long leather coat making it awkward .
Then blasted one of the larger aliens .
He pumped the gun and shot a second time , but missed , as the aliens moved rapidly to better protect themselves from the new threat .
In that moment , it appeared the combination of Derek 's sword and Jake 's shotgun convinced all the smaller beings to rejoin with the larger ones , and the original two to retreat back to join the third at the foot of the theater screen .
If any of the aliens had been injured by the shotgun blast , it did n't appear to be anything serious .
Derek was breathing hard from exertion , and shaking from the adrenalin rush .
“ Macey !
Keep that light on them ! ”
Jake ordered , as he quickly advanced to the aisle with the shotgun .
He briefly stopped beside Derek to hand him the pistol , then continued on .
Macey got to Derek next , and worriedly checked him for injuries .
But he appeared merely winded , and unharmed .
Jake projected at the aliens again to surrender .
Then -- for the first time ever -- one of the alien voices knowingly spoke directly to Jake .
Thankfully , Jake was able to understand it relatively well .
Not as well as he could have when relaxed , but well enough to get by .
“ You should escape while you can .
Others will come for us .
You should hurry , ” the highest ranking alien told him .
But Jake could also sense a bit of the being 's thoughts behind its words -- and it was worried .
“ Surrender now , or be killed , ” Jake repeated .
“ No one comes .
I have stopped them . ”
Jake 's command of the alien thought language was n't perfect : simple statements were the easiest for him .
“ You cannot stop them , ” the alien challenged .
“ Call to them .
They will not answer .
They can not answer . ”
Jake told him .
Hoping it was true .
Jake could hear the mounting frustration and fear in their thoughts , and their spoken conversation .
The mounting desperation .
The aliens were considering a last ditch effort of all out multiplication and attack -- to the death .
That would apparently work out to perhaps nine aliens against their meager three .
Unless they were capable of a higher multiplication rate than they had displayed so far , Jake realized with new alarm .
“ Guys , ” Jake spoke to Macey and Derek without turning to face them .
For he was pretty sure the aliens could n't understand verbal English .
“ they 're thinking about splitting up into that army thing again and rushing us .
Get ready .
Derek , maybe you should give the gun to Macey ... ”
Jake sure hoped Macey knew how to use it .
The reality of meeting actual aliens had n't yet sunk in for Derek .
But something about the odd composition of the beings resonated with his manga .
Or the myths he'd studied in support of his stories , anyway .
He noted the full grown aliens appeared to be a bit shorter than the average adult human ; and the little ones which clung to places made for them in the bigger one 's suits , much much smaller .
These aliens -- or their tiny companions anyway -- were like little people .
Derek could n't help but think that if aliens truly did exist , there had probably been lots more encounters between them and humanity than just this latest one .
And so the myths he'd studied about little people like fairies and the like might have something useful in them .
For instance , iron seemed to bother the little people in the legends .
And these aliens had all seemed much more put off by his steel sword ( steel was made of iron ) than its dull edge and point against their armor seemed to account for ... “ Jake , do you know their names ? ”
Derek asked , still breathing hard .
“ Yeah .
Why ? ”
Jake asked nervously .
Still not daring to turn his back on the beings from another world .
“
In some of the legends about little people , knowing their names gave you power over them .
Speak their names -- the longest version of their names you know -- and then tell them what you want them to do , ” Derek offered .
Jake knew the crew was about to mount their desperate attack .
And it was n't at all clear that he , Derek , and Macey would survive it , much less win .
Even with the aliens ' ray guns not working .
But it seemed too late to run away .
And inside the auditorium , they could n't dial 911 either .
They could n't call for help any more than the aliens could .
Jake then projected at them the fullest forms of all their names he could recall ever hearing through the visor .
Of course , he only knew the names of the three large ones : all the little ones seemed to be identified through some wholly different means , to which he was not privy .
Jake was then immensely relieved to see the immediate reaction from the aliens .
They all seemed to relax from pounce mode .
Surprisingly , the aliens had no problem breathing Earth air .
Their enclosed helmets were mostly worn for reasons of controls and communications , enhanced environmental scanning , and extra protection against accidents .
Separating them from their helmets seemed to neutralize the threat of them communicating with their kin .
Even after they exited the effective Faraday cage of the auditorium .
Jake had first ordered them to discard all weapons .
Macey gathered them up , and Jake and Derek both stuck them into various handy spots in their clothing , while Macey stuck one in her purse .
The men had held the aliens at gunpoint during the process ( though it was unclear if firearms could penetrate their suits any better than a dull sword ) .
Jake had next done the Q and A with the aliens which revealed the helmet info , and subsequently had them hand those over as well .
The removal of the helmets had been another eerie moment .
But the humans had already gotten a preview of the alien likenesses from the smaller versions which usually clung so closely to the larger aliens ' suits as to seem a part of them .
For the smaller creatures wore no helmets or face masks .
Both the large and small versions strongly resembled each other -- but for the smaller ones having obviously smaller brain cases ( proportionally speaking ) than the larger .
Although it was tempting to think the smaller ones were children of the larger ones , Jake got the strong impression that that was not the case : that the smaller ones were actually an entirely different race of some sort ; which simply lived out their lives as something like smart and loyal pets to the larger species .
Perhaps since birth .
In terms of faces , the larger aliens could have passed as short and ugly humans in many places -- at least with certain extra head and facial hair removed .
Their hair patterns definitely suggested something unusual about their lineage , compared to average human heads .
Perhaps their most glaring non -human - like features were their lack of chins , and their somewhat larger than average ( and slightly differently shaped ) eyes .
Of course , some of these things may have been exaggerated in the flashes of Macey 's strobing bracelet -- and some other details missed entirely .
Suffice it to say that the facial unveiling of the aliens was nowhere near as traumatic for the young trio as the events which preceded it .
After that Jake had the aliens walk to the left side of the auditorium , and through a door there .
He then directed them all the way to a storage room he knew about there , and locked them in with a padlock he'd brought with him for just that purpose .
Derek and Macey had accompanied Jake on the march .
The release of tension among the three was palpable .
“ Wow Derek !
How on Earth did you know that about the names ? ”
Jake finally got the chance to ask .
“ I just picked it up doing research for my manga , ” Derek shrugged .
“ It seemed logical that we would n't be the first humans to encounter them -- and so maybe the legends about little people held some useful info . ”
Jake laughed -- a little too loudly -- as the stress of the events just past finally drained away .
Macey had sure picked one heck of a boyfriend !
he thought .
And he was very glad Derek had been there to help !
Jake shuddered to think of what might have happened if Derek had not come -- or Macey either .
Yikes !
Macey hugged Derek tight .
“ Well , I 'm glad that 's over !
Can we call 911 yet ? ” “ What ?
You and Derek have n't even seen the ship yet ! ”
Jake exclaimed . “ Oh yeah ... ”
Macey said dreamily , as she and Derek looked into each others eyes , smiling .
She then returned to the reality of the dark theater .
“ Well , I guess since we 've already been gone from the party this long , we can stay a little longer , and see your little spaceship .
If , that is , there 's not any more aliens in it , ” she gave Jake a stern look .
Jake did n't notice though , as they were all still navigating by the light of Macey 's strobing bracelet in the dark theater .
All the way to the door nearest the UFO .
Jake reached it , tried to open it , and remembered he'd blocked it with his car .
“ Oh !
I forgot : I parked my car against this door so the aliens could n't escape !
We 'll have to go out the other way . ”
Macey and Derek both laughed .
And Macey wondered what Jake would do without her , as they all appeared to walk in stop motion photography towards the place by which they 'd originally entered the building .
++++++++++++
To be so imposingly large on the outside , the craft seemed relatively cramped on the inside .
Definitely rating as a hardship room - wise for three human - sized crewmen expected to live in it for more than a couple days or so .
Due to its small proportions , it barely took more than a glance or two to see that there were no other spaces of habitable size onboard -- and that there were no significant batches of control surfaces to be seen , either .
“ How the heck do they fly this thing ? ”
Jake asked aloud , baffled by the mostly blank and smooth gray walls which surrounded them .
“ Maybe they don't ? ”
Macey offered with a shrug .
“ Maybe their H.Q. pilots it remotely . ” “ Well , if that 's so then all this has been a huge waste of time .
H.Q. will just fly this thing out of here any minute , and we might get captured ourselves ! ”
Then Macey noticed something .
“ You see these thin shiny slivers running along the angles in the walls ? ” she asked Jake and Derek .
The silvery lines were so narrow as to be almost invisible , and definitely easy to overlook .
“ Yeah , ” Jake responded , running a finger along one .
“ Do you think the wall opens up there ? ” “ Maybe , ” Macey replied noncommittally , as she continued her examination . “ There 's also something like pinhole cameras -- or projectors maybe -- here and there , ” she pointed towards a few different tiny holes located about the shallow alcove which now commanded their attention .
“ Macey , this reminds me of some of your hologram toys , ” Derek offered . “ Me too , ” Macey replied , now searching earnestly for some way to turn on the suspected holographic display .
“ Everybody start running their hands over everything here , ” she directed the men .
Their sudden focus alone seemed to switch on the device .
Later , they 'd discover that merely standing sufficiently close to the center of the alcove ( while facing it directly ) for several seconds would power it up .
They 'd previously been moving around too much , or else standing too far away to do it .
When the alcove display lit up , it made quite the spectacle .
It was holographic all right : a real three dimensional display , which seemed far deeper than the mere foot and a half of true physical depth possessed by the alcove itself .
When active , the display seemed to stretch away from them and into the wall a good twelve feet or so .
At first all three were dazzled and bewildered by the display .
Macey was the first to get a handle on it -- being the most experienced of the trio with holograms .
“ Hey !
I think I can drive this thing ! ”
Macey exclaimed excitedly , as she began poking a finger here and there through various intangible symbols among the 3D representation .
The display changed in response to her jabs .
“ Whoa !
Hold on Macey ! ” Jake urged .
“ We do n't want to do something crazy here . ” “ Yeah , yeah , yeah .
I hear ya .
I 'm just figuring out a few things is all .
Look here : this looks like an aerial view of where we 're at now , does n't it ?
And maybe this over here is the status of ...um... our fuel or something ? ”
Jake had to admit his sister seemed to be onto something in her explorations .
But it still seemed wise to remain cautious .
“ Maybe we should try something small .
Like turning up the lights in here , ” Derek suggested .
“ Yeah , Macey .
See if you can make it brighter in here , ” Jake seconded .
For the cabin had been only dimly lit ever since they 'd entered .
“ OK , OK , just give me a minute , ” Macey muttered as she concentrated .
In a moment she 'd brought up what looked like a basic blueprint of the ship .
Then zoomed into the cabin area .
At that point though , her progress seemed to stop . “ What 's wrong ? ”
Jake asked . “ I do n't know .
It looks like this thingamajig here should turn up the lights , but it doesn't . ” “
Maybe the controls are keyed to the crew members , and wo n't work for anyone else , ” Jake offered a bleak assessment .
“ Bummer , ” Derek replied .
“ Well , that 's sure not fair , ” Macey complained .
Jake shook his head .
Here they were on the brink of maybe the biggest accomplishment in human history , only to be foiled at the last minute by the equivalent of an alien car key lock .
If only he could simply will the lights to come on , he thought .
Turn on , lights !
Turn on , he silently urged .
And the cabin suddenly became brighter .
“ Macey , did you do that ? ”
Jake asked .
“ No .
They just came on by themselves . ”
A huge grin split Jake 's face . “
It 's your transmitter , Macey !
It not only projects into the aliens ' heads , but gives orders to the ship , too !
I just now told it to turn up the lights , and it did ! ”
For a moment all three noisily exulted in the breakthrough .
Then they quietened down again .
For the ramifications were immense .
Jake was the first to break the silence .
“ Well , it looks like we got our own freaking spaceship , guys .
What do we do now ? ” THE END a - j m o o n e y h a m .
c o m - o r i g i n a l
Johnny Depp is perhaps one of the most versatile actors of our time in Hollywood .
Here are some of his various appearances in the many different styles of films he has been featured it .
GAGA in WONDERLAND
AMAZING LIKE WOOOAHHH , id pay SO much money to see this …
It 's a lousy time to be a record label .
Profits are tanking , bands are angry — OK Go just ditched EMI — and YouTube and BitTorrent changed the game .
Still , some labels are transforming themselves to help musicians in the digital age .
Advertisement
" Change or Die " may sound like hyperbole , or an idle threat , but for the music business , the two alternatives have never been more real .
EMI may very well go extinct in the coming months , and all of the major labels are fighting losing battles .
But all is not lost .
The traditional role of a record label , in the broadest sense , is to bankroll a band until they start making lots of money , at which point the label gets to keep most of it .
They own the master recordings a band makes , and by taking on this ownership they put all of their resources behind selling said recordings .
Advertisement
This setup makes sense when bands lacked the wherewithal to produce and record their own albums and when manufacturing and distributing physical copies of albums and marketing said albums costs hundreds of thousands of dollars .
It also makes sense when a popular album will sell millions of copies at $ 15 a pop .
But that 's definitely not the case now .
Record stores are dying at an alarming rate , and fewer and fewer people are buying CDs every day .
It 's safe to say that the current generation of teenagers has never perused record stores as a normal activity ; it 's all downhill from here for physical music sales .
And FM radio is n't doing too hot either .
In short , everything that the music industry has known to be true for the last few decades is quickly turning to dust .
Big labels can still bank on country , R&B and pop acts , but the bottom has already fallen out on alternative groups and other internet - friendly genres .
And that 's just the beginning .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The Old , Dead Way of Doing Business
The way bands operate has changed so much in the last decade that what a label can provide and what bands require of a label has changed drastically , faster than labels have been able to adapt .
Advertisement
Manufacturing and distribution used to be the cornerstone of a label 's business ; every major label owned its own plants to make the albums and also dealt with shipping the albums worldwide .
Today , only Sony still owns plants that manufacture CDs , with the other three big labels outsourcing manufacturing to them .
But they all still have reps who have to go out to record stores and make sure that their albums are getting proper shelf space .
They have to deal with defects and returns .
There are lots of resources required to deal with the manufacture and distribution of a physical product , but that physical product is quickly headed towards irrelevancy .
The biggest music stores are now virtual , so there 's no need for someone to go gladhand every Sam Goody manager so they give you endcap space for Use Your Illusion II .
The iTunes Music Store sells 25 % of the music sold in America as of last August , and that number is definitely going up , not down .
Advertisement
According to the IFPI , physical sales of music dropped 15.4 % globally between 2007 and 2008 .
But in that same year , digital sales rose 24.1 % .
And Nielsen SoundScan numbers show that the number of units sold between 2006 and 2009 rose from 1 billion per year to 1.7 billion per year , with a unit referring to either an album or a song sold .
It 's a significant increase , but when someone buying three songs counts the same as someone buying three CDs , you can see why the labels are losing money despite the positive - sounding stat .
Advertisement
But for unsigned bands , companies such as TuneCore and CD Baby act as middlemen between them and digital storefronts like iTunes for very small amounts of money ; getting your album up on major stores such as iTunes , Amazon and eMusic will set you back about $ 47 through TuneCore .
And you retain all ownership of your music and keep all royalties , unlike working with a record label .
And TuneCore 's internal numbers show that online sales are growing even faster for independent acts than those already well established .
TuneCore CEO Jeff Price told me that between 2007 and 2009 , TuneCore artists have gone from earning $ 7 - 8 million a year to $ 31 million , with $ 60 million in earnings projected for 2010 .
That 's insane growth , to be sure , but it 's got a long way to go before it represents a sizable proportion of global music sales .
To put things in perspective , the IFPI recorded $ 4.9 billion in sales for 2008 .
Advertisement
Furthermore , these days it 's easier than ever for musicians to record music without an expensive studio .
Software such as Reason , Pro Tools and Logic can be bought for $ 300 or less , and run on a mid-range laptop .
Cheap mics and gear can be found all over eBay and Craigslist .
Tie everything together with a $ 200 to $ 500 mic preamp analog - to - digital / digital - to - analog box , and you have a mini-studio in your bedroom .
And music blogs have turned the way artists are discovered on its head .
It used to be that high - paid A&R executives would scour clubs to find underground bands to sign , acting as the filter between the millions of mediocre bands and the discriminating public .
Today , obsessive music fans scour clubs and the web for free , discovering new acts and writing about them on blogs .
Labels then discover bands from these blogs .
The A&R system is no longer as relevant .
Advertisement
Marketing and promotion , another cornerstone service that labels provide , has also been transformed by the web .
You no longer need radio play and ads in Rolling Stone to get your band noticed .
When a band makes a music video , there 's less of a need for a major label with contacts at MTV to push it through official channels to get it noticed .
These days , you can just throw it up on YouTube and get it noticed by some music — or gadget — blogs .
The fact that it 's a simple click or two from video appreciation to buying actual music is worth more than any paper ad in any dying magazine .
Advertisement
As Voyno from the musicians - as - entrepreneurs blog New Rockstar Philosophy told me , it 's very possible for a band to use the internet to replace much of what a label provides :
There are artists on YouTube who use creative on - the - cheap strategies to garner millions of views that direct traffic to their main site , iTunes pages , Facebook page and bandcamp.com profile .
They then build an e-mail / text subscription from their new fans , which allows them to offer new merchandise , tickets for shows and other related info directly to fans .
The web traffic analytics from all their sites can help them plan successful tours , target Facebook ads , and make better decisions on how to move forward .
Advertisement
These changes have shaken the foundation of the industry , and the biggest labels have borne the brunt of the losses that these changes wrought .
Tough Times for Major Labels
Advertisement
EMI is bleeding money .
Earlier this month , it reported a whopping $ 2.4 billion loss , which , when added to its prior debts , puts it $ 4.5 billion in debt to CitiGroup .
It owes Citi $ 160 million this month , and it 's facing a restructuring plan that 'll require an additional investment from its parent company .
EMI is owned by Terra Firma Capital Partners , a British private equity firm that also owns waste management companies , gas stations , residential home builders and movie theaters .
To them , the art EMI is releasing is about as important as the trash that Waste Recycling Group collects .
If it does n't make them money , it is n't worth keeping around , 80 years of history or not .
Advertisement
Billboard 's Senior Editorial Analyst Glenn Peoples told me that it's not for lack of trying that EMI finds itself in this position .
" Labels have cut as many costs as they possibly can , they 've taken fewer risks , they 've signed fewer artists and tried to make safer bets , " he says .
" They 're doing what they can , but the revenue might not be there to support the way they do business .
So it 's very possible that the recorded music division of EMI will be sold off and will go elsewhere .
An acquisition by Warner Music Group is a possibility , and that would take it down to three majors in recorded music , and that 'd be pretty drastic and a lot of concentration between three companies . "
An EMI Music spokesperson told me , " EMI Music is doing well .
We 've reported revenue growth , despite a declining market , and strong operating profit and margin improvement , both in the last financial year and in the current year . "
But if they can't convince Terra Firma that they have a way out of the quagmire they 're in , the possibility of the number of major labels to dropping to three is very real .
Advertisement
And if that happens , what of those remaining three ?
Universal Music Group is owned by French media conglomerate Vivendi , a company with stakes in the Universal and Canal movie studios and the video game publisher Activision Blizzard amongst other holdings .
Sony Music Entertainment is obviously a division of Sony , and we all know Sony has had problems of its own lately .
Warner Music Group is the only major without a parent company to answer to , as it spun off from Time Warner in 2004 , and its revenue dropped about $ 3.5 billion last year .
Advertisement
The Upside of Signing on the Dotted Line
But all is not lost , and the death of the record label at a business is not a foregone conclusion .
Labels from EMI down to the smallest indie labels are racing to change the way they do business .
And they still have quite a bit to offer .
Advertisement
Ra Ra Riot is a band from Syracuse , NY who 's currently prepping their second album from indie label Barsuk Records .
Barsuk is a true indie based out of Seattle , featuring bands such as Death Cab for Cutie , Mates of State , Nada Surf and They Might Be Giants in addition to Ra Ra Riot .
Advertisement
I talked to Josh Roth , Ra Ra Riot 's manager , about the reasons bands still have for signing with a label .
One big positive that signing to a label provides a band , he told me , is giving them legitimacy .
" I think right now with the internet , there are just so many bands out there that it 's easy to go unnoticed , " he told me .
" There 's still is a certain charm to having a label saying ' We like this band and we 're going to sign them and you should take a listen . '
With the amount of bands that are out there , it 's hard to filter what is actually good now . "
Furthermore , as outlets such as radio and MTV have become less relevant , new venues for being heard and getting paid have opened up .
" Commercials are becoming much more relevant , " Ra Ra Riot guitarist Milo Bonacci told me .
Advertisement
" That 's how a lot of bands get paid or get their music out there .
That 's how a lot of people hear a song for the first time .
I feel like commercials are taking the place of commercial radio . "
And to get on a commercial , it sure helps to be signed to a label with a nice licensing department .
Of course , there are different types of record labels .
A major label , such as EMI , has a lot more money to throw around and can make more promises , but contracts with majors can end up with artists further in the hole due to these deep pockets .
As Bonacci told me , " There 's more risk .
There 's more fuel to propel you forward up front , but that 's no guarantee . "
That same fuel could blow up in your face .
We 've seen how bands who do n't hit it big can end up " owing " their major label hundreds of thousands of dollars , after all .
Advertisement
Indie labels ( true indie labels , not boutiques under the umbrella of a major ) have less resources and therefore will give bands less to recoup .
Indies also will often offer the artist a chance to interact with top brass , something that is almost never done at a major .
Indies are presumably owned by passionate music fans rather than gigantic multinational holding companies , which is important when a band needs to know that a label is 100 % behind them , according to RRR 's Bonacci .
Advertisement
And signing to an indie instantly connects you to that labels fans , Bonacci says .
" Nobody really cares about Sony records or Universal .
You do n't seek out stuff that 's being released on Universal as a fan .
Independent labels , be it Domino or SubPop or whatever , those labels have fans . "
Advertisement
Indie labels seem to have a better chance of adapting and surviving in tumultuous times .
Since for the most part they 're private companies with few employees , they 're able to make drastic changes in their business models much more quickly than major labels .
But that does n't mean they 'll all survive ; famed indie label Touch and Go closed down last year , and in addition to repping bands such as TV on the Radio , Ted Leo and the Pharmacists , !!! and Blonde Redhead , they also handled distribution for other venerable indies such as Drag City , Kill Rock Stars , Jade Tree and Merge .
It was a huge blow to the indie label scene .
Getting a Cut of Everything
The way labels are moving to stay alive is by becoming involved in the places that bands still make money , such as touring and merchandising .
Traditionally , labels only made money off records sold , while any profits made from t- shirts or posters sold on the road went to the band .
After all , if the label just owns the master recordings , it can only make money off the sale of said recordings , not any ancillary profits that come from things like touring .
Advertisement
But now some labels are pushing what are called 360 deals , which involve them in virtually everything an artist does .
One of the most famous 360 deals was EMI 's 2002 deal with Robbie Williams , which was worth a whopping £ 80 million , giving EMI a piece of basically everything that Williams touched .
That did n't go so well , with Williams threatening to withhold albums from the label and trying to get out of his contract .
But last week , according to UK trade paper Music Week , Williams ' manager Tim Clark publicly came out in support of the embattled label , saying , " My own view is Citigroup would be mad at this stage not to keep EMI on as a going concern .
It just would be bonkers . "
In any case , 360 deals and general diversification are what big labels such as EMI are looking to move into , according to Billboard 's Glenn Peoples .
" They 're definitely diversifying and they 're actually getting into agencies , artist management , concert promotion .
There 's really no area that the four majors are not pursuing right now . "
Advertisement
These deals make the most sense for huge acts with lots of opportunities for branding and licensing .
You 've seen it in action here on Giz , in fact , with Dr. Dre 's Beats headphones and Lady Gaga 's new Creative Director " job " at Polaroid .
Both those acts are signed to Interscope , a sub-label of Universal that 's clearly pushing artists towards these new revenue streams .
But many smaller acts are still reluctant to give a label a slice of the entire pie with such a wide - reaching deal .
Advertisement
The fact of the matter is that bands do still need someone working for them , 360 deal or not .
For some bands , just having a small team of a dedicated manager , publicist and lawyer who can handle the nitty - gritty of online sales , tour organization , merchandising and marketing will be enough for them .
But many can still benefit from the huge networks that labels have with their contacts in every facet of the industry .
Sure , you can print your own t- shirts , but a label with contacts with clothing manufacturers , stores and distributors can make that process a lot easier .
And just how much of this work do you want to do yourself ?
Advertisement
360 deals do n't make sense for all bands ; Ra Ra Riot manager
Roth is n't sold on them .
" A lot of labels are also now branching into management because the manager is involved with everything going on with a band .
Labels will try to be like a full - service company to a band , but I do n't think it 'll be very popular . "
He worries that bands will be setting themselves up to be taken advantage of even more by labels if they give up merchandising and touring profits to them .
Having an independent team working for a band and playing middleman between them in the label makes sure there 's someone deeply involved in " business stuff " that still has their best interests at heart .
And it makes sense that a manager would be wary of labels moving into their territory , but there 's still a distinction between label and manager with these deals .
" For example , a new artist signed to a multi-rights deal may use the major label 's merchandise company and e-commerce division in addition to its publishing and recorded music companies , " Peoples says .
" In the past , a manager could pick and choose which merch , e-commerce , publishing and record companies it wanted to work with .
Now they 're more likely to be under the same umbrella . "
Advertisement
Sometimes , a band 's management team can replace what a label does entirely .
Just yesterday , OK
Go announced it was splitting with EMI , whom they did n't have the greatest relationship with , to strike out on their own with a new company called Paracadute .
Paracadute is basically OK
Go's own team to handle management , promotion and distribution of their records .
" The things that a major has to offer above and beyond anybody else are the things that OK
Go really did n't need so much , " Peoples says .
" And that 's radio promotion and access to brick and mortar retail .
If you 're going to create nearly all of your consumer awareness through cheaply made YouTube videos , you do n't need this big promotional and distribution system behind you . "
Advertisement
But not all bands can do what OK Go has done .
The digital world looks a lot more accessible when only viewed through the lens of rock acts .
" If you 're an R&B act , if you 're a straight up pop act , a country act , you 're going to need radio and you 're going to need brick and mortar retail , and that 's not going to change anytime soon .
Things are changing definitely for alternative rock , rock and indie , but some genres sell a lot better in digital than other genres . "
But clearly , the money that 's to be made in music is no longer just in album sales .
And bands seem to be presented with a choice : they can either allow labels to become more involved in everything that they do , and give up money that used to go exclusively to them in the process , or strike out on their own .
Either way , they 'll entering a landscape where getting their song on Gossip Girl for 40 seconds is more important than any amount of FM radio play , where getting a music video posted to Stereogum is more important than getting it on MTV and where you make more money touring behind an album than selling that same album .
Advertisement
And in order to prove to artists that signing with a label is a better idea than going out on your own , they 'll need to make big changes ; bigger than they 've made so far .
" It might be how an addict ends up turning his life around , " Peoples says .
" He 's gotta hit rock bottom .
And I dunno if the record industry has hit rock bottom yet , but maybe that 's what 'll need to happen for there to be really big change . "
But at the end of the day , the saving grace of record labels might be a lot more basic than who gets what percentage of merchandise or who deals with distribution .
The big question is this : do bands really want to try to make it completely on their own ?
As Bonacci says , " I do n't necessarily want to have all that nitty - gritty stuff to worry about .
I 'd rather just worry about making music .
I do n't want to worry about numbers or distribution or marketing or publicity or anything like that .
That sounds like a desk job .
I used to have a desk job , that 's why I 'm playing music .
Now look at me .
I sleep on couches . "
The Original Macintosh : 3 of 4 A Rich Neighbor Named Xerox Author : Andy Hertzfeld Date : November 1983 Characters : Steve Jobs , Neil Konzen , Mike Boich , Bill Gates Topics : 3rd party developers , Microsoft , Personality Summary : Steve confronts Bill Gates about copying the Mac The Xerox Star was an influential predecessor When Steve Jobs recruited Microsoft to be the first third party applications software developer for the Macintosh , he was already concerned that they might try to copy our ideas into a PC - based user interface .
As a condition of getting an early start at Macintosh development , Steve made Microsoft promise not to ship any software that used a mouse until at least one year after the first shipment of the Macintosh .
Microsoft 's main systems programmer assigned to the Mac project was Neil Konzen , a brilliant young Apple II hacker who grew up in their backyard in the suburbs of Seattle .
Neil started working at Microsoft while he was still a high school student , and single - handedly implemented the system software for their hit Z80 card that allowed the Apple II to run CP / M software .
Neil loved Apple , so it was natural for Microsoft to assign him to their new , top - secret Macintosh project .
He was responsible for integrating Microsoft 's byte - code based interpreted environment ( which actually was a copy of a system used at Xerox that favored memory efficiency over execution speed , which was appropriate for the Mac 's limited memory ) with the rapidly evolving Macintosh OS , so he quickly became Microsoft 's expert in the technical details of the Mac system .
By the middle of 1983 , Microsoft was far enough along to show us working prototypes of their spreadsheet and business graphics programs , Multiplan and Chart ( they were also working on a word processor , but they neglected to mention that , since it would compete with MacWrite ) .
I would usually talk with Neil on the phone a couple of times a week .
He would sometimes request a feature that I would implement for him , or perhaps complain about the way something was done .
But most of the time I would answer his various questions about the intricacies of the still evolving API .
I gradually began to notice that Neil would often ask questions about implementation details that he did n't really need to know about .
In particular , he was really curious about how regions were represented and implemented , and would often detail his theories about them to me , hoping for confirmation .
Aside from intellectual curiosity , there was no reason to care about the system internals unless you were trying to implement your own version of it .
I told Steve that I suspected that Microsoft was going to clone the Mac , but he was n't that worried because he did n't think they were capable of doing a decent implementation , even with the Mac as an example .
In November 1983 , we heard that Microsoft made a surprising announcement at Comdex , the industry 's premier trade show , held twice a year in Las Vegas .
Microsoft announced a new , mouse - based system graphical user interface environment called Windows , competing directly with an earlier environment announced by Personal Software called " Vision " .
They also announced a mouse - based option for Microsoft Word .
When Steve Jobs found out about Windows , he went ballistic .
" Get Gates down here immediately " , he fumed to Mike Boich , Mac 's original evangelist who was in charge of our relationships with third party developers .
" He needs to explain this , and it better be good .
I want him in this room by tomorrow afternoon , or else ! "
And , to my surprise , I was invited to a meeting in that conference room the next afternoon , where Bill Gates had somehow manifested , alone , surrounded by ten Apple employees .
I think Steve wanted me there because I had evidence of Neil asking about the internals , but that never came up , so I was just a fascinated observer as Steve started yelling at Bill , asking him why he violated their agreement .
" You 're ripping us off ! " , Steve shouted , raising his voice even higher .
" I trusted you , and now you 're stealing from us ! "
But Bill Gates just stood there coolly , looking Steve directly in the eye , before starting to speak in his squeaky voice .
" Well , Steve , I think there 's more than one way of looking at it .
I think it 's more like we both had this rich neighbor named Xerox and I broke into his house to steal the TV set and found out that you had already stolen it . "
Unfortunately , it turned out that while the agreement that Microsoft signed in 1981 stipulated that they not ship mouse - based software until a year after the Mac introduction , that ended up being defined in the contract as September 1983 , since in late 1981 we thought that the Mac would ship in the fall of 1982 , and we foolishly did n't let the ship date float in the contract .
So Microsoft was within their rights to announce Windows when they did .
Apple still needed Microsoft 's apps for the Macintosh , so Steve really could n't cut them off .
Microsoft did n't manage to ship a version of Windows until almost two years later , releasing Windows 1.0 in the fall of 1985 .
It was pretty crude , just as Steve had predicted , with little of the Mac 's thoughtful elegance .
It did n't even have overlapping windows , preferring a simpler technique called " tiling " .
When its utter rejection became apparent a few months later , Bill Gates fired the implementation team and started a new version from scratch , led by none other than Neil Konzen .
Neil 's version of Windows , released a couple of years later , was good enough that Apple filed a monumental copyright lawsuit against Microsoft in 1988 , but they eventually lost on a technicality ( the judge ruled that Apple inadvertently gave Microsoft a perpetual license to the Mac user interface in November 1985 ) .
Microsoft 's main systems programmer assigned to the Mac project was Neil Konzen , a brilliant young Apple II hacker who grew up in their backyard in the suburbs of Seattle .
Neil started working at Microsoft while he was still a high school student , and single - handedly implemented the system software for their hit Z80 card that allowed the Apple II to run CP / M software .
Neil loved Apple , so it was natural for Microsoft to assign him to their new , top - secret Macintosh project .
He was responsible for integrating Microsoft 's byte - code based interpreted environment ( which actually was a copy of a system used at Xerox that favored memory efficiency over execution speed , which was appropriate for the Mac 's limited memory ) with the rapidly evolving Macintosh OS , so he quickly became Microsoft 's expert in the technical details of the Mac system .
By the middle of 1983 , Microsoft was far enough along to show us working prototypes of their spreadsheet and business graphics programs , Multiplan and Chart ( they were also working on a word processor , but they neglected to mention that , since it would compete with MacWrite ) .
I would usually talk with Neil on the phone a couple of times a week .
He would sometimes request a feature that I would implement for him , or perhaps complain about the way something was done .
But most of the time I would answer his various questions about the intricacies of the still evolving API .
I gradually began to notice that Neil would often ask questions about implementation details that he did n't really need to know about .
In particular , he was really curious about how regions were represented and implemented , and would often detail his theories about them to me , hoping for confirmation .
Aside from intellectual curiosity , there was no reason to care about the system internals unless you were trying to implement your own version of it .
I told Steve that I suspected that Microsoft was going to clone the Mac , but he was n't that worried because he did n't think they were capable of doing a decent implementation , even with the Mac as an example .
In November 1983 , we heard that Microsoft made a surprising announcement at Comdex , the industry 's premier trade show , held twice a year in Las Vegas .
Microsoft announced a new , mouse - based system graphical user interface environment called Windows , competing directly with an earlier environment announced by Personal Software called " Vision " .
They also announced a mouse - based option for Microsoft Word .
When Steve Jobs found out about Windows , he went ballistic .
" Get Gates down here immediately " , he fumed to Mike Boich , Mac 's original evangelist who was in charge of our relationships with third party developers .
" He needs to explain this , and it better be good .
I want him in this room by tomorrow afternoon , or else !
" And , to my surprise , I was invited to a meeting in that conference room the next afternoon , where Bill Gates had somehow manifested , alone , surrounded by ten Apple employees .
I think Steve wanted me there because I had evidence of Neil asking about the internals , but that never came up , so I was just a fascinated observer as Steve started yelling at Bill , asking him why he violated their agreement .
" You 're ripping us off ! " , Steve shouted , raising his voice even higher .
" I trusted you , and now you 're stealing from us !
" But Bill Gates just stood there coolly , looking Steve directly in the eye , before starting to speak in his squeaky voice .
" Well , Steve , I think there 's more than one way of looking at it .
I think it 's more like we both had this rich neighbor named Xerox and I broke into his house to steal the TV set and found out that you had already stolen it .
" Unfortunately , it turned out that while the agreement that Microsoft signed in 1981 stipulated that they not ship mouse - based software until a year after the Mac introduction , that ended up being defined in the contract as September 1983 , since in late 1981 we thought that the Mac would ship in the fall of 1982 , and we foolishly did n't let the ship date float in the contract .
So Microsoft was within their rights to announce Windows when they did .
Apple still needed Microsoft 's apps for the Macintosh , so Steve really could n't cut them off .
Microsoft did n't manage to ship a version of Windows until almost two years later , releasing Windows 1.0 in the fall of 1985 .
It was pretty crude , just as Steve had predicted , with little of the Mac 's thoughtful elegance .
It did n't even have overlapping windows , preferring a simpler technique called " tiling " .
When its utter rejection became apparent a few months later , Bill Gates fired the implementation team and started a new version from scratch , led by none other than Neil Konzen .
Neil 's version of Windows , released a couple of years later , was good enough that Apple filed a monumental copyright lawsuit against Microsoft in 1988 , but they eventually lost on a technicality ( the judge ruled that Apple inadvertently gave Microsoft a perpetual license to the Mac user interface in November 1985 ) .
Login Account Name :
Password :
Create new account Rating Overall Rating : 4.67
( best ) Login to add your own ratings
Your rating :
1
2
3
4
5
Login : Password : Remember Me Register Forums >>
Brainstorms - General >> RECON
Topic created on : June 3 , 2009 06:50 CDT by apollo .
What happened to RECON this year ?
June 3 , 2009 06:50 CDT
by What happened to RECON this year ?
jduck June 3 , 2009 10:20.10 CDT > apollo : Whappened to RECON this year ?
LOL ?
RECON is biennial ( once every two years ) .
2010 will be the next one .
apollo June 3 , 2009 13:09.35 CDT
Oh , my bad for some reason I did n't realize , probably because there were conferences in 05 , 06 , 07 , an 08 .
jduck June 4 , 2009 12:09.01 CDT > apollo :
Oh , my bad for some reason I did n\'t realize , probably because there were conferences in 05 , 06 , 07 , an 08 .
Hrmz ..
I did n't realize that , but I remember seeing mention of the period of the conference last year when investigating attending .
I can't find any mention of it now though .
pilz July 8 , 2009 10:40.53 CDT > apollo :
Oh , my bad for some reason I did n\'t realize , probably because there were conferences in 05 , 06 , 07 , an 08 .
07 was just training and the pub meeting - no conference track .
Their website does n't say anything but last we heard it would be every other year as jduck mentioned .
I 'm certainly missing it this year .
apollo July 10 , 2009 08:44.44 CDT
Oh , ok .
Thanks for the info .
x0rr0x January 20 , 2010 03:12.28 CST any info about when the next recon will be ?
kernelpool January 24 , 2010 12:23.23 CST
Rumor has it sometime in July , before BH
x0rr0x January 25 , 2010 07:17.33 CST anything more concrete ?
location ?
source ? :-)
thanks !
hugo February 1 , 2010 20:44.29 CST
Recon will be on 9 to 11 of July 2010 in Montreal at the same location as before , the CFP will be released very soon .
hugo February 4 , 2010 20:16.55 CST
The CFP is now online : http://recon.cx/2010/cfp.html
Note : Registration is required to post to the forums .
A cat can recognize a face faster and more efficiently than a supercomputer .
That 's one reason a feline brain is the model for a biologically - inspired computer project involving the University of Michigan .
U -M computer engineer Wei Lu has taken a step toward developing this revolutionary type of machine that could be capable of learning and recognizing , as well as making more complex decisions and performing more tasks simultaneously than conventional computers can .
Lu previously built a " memristor , " a device that replaces a traditional transistor and acts like a biological synapse , remembering past voltages it was subjected to .
Now , he has demonstrated that this memristor can connect conventional circuits and support a process that is the basis for memory and learning in biological systems .
A paper on the research is published online in Nano Letters and is scheduled to appear in the forthcoming April edition of the journal .
" We are building a computer in the same way that nature builds a brain , " said Lu , an assistant professor in the U - M Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science .
" The idea is to use a completely different paradigm compared to conventional computers .
The cat brain sets a realistic goal because it is much simpler than a human brain but still extremely difficult to replicate in complexity and efficiency . "
Today 's most sophisticated supercomputer can accomplish certain tasks with the brain functionality of a cat , but it 's a massive machine with more than 140,000 central processing units and a dedicated power supply .
And it still performs 83 times slower than a cat 's brain , Lu wrote in his paper .
In a mammal 's brain , neurons are connected to each other by synapses , which act as reconfigurable switches that can form pathways linking thousands of neurons .
Most importantly , synapses remember these pathways based on the strength and timing of electrical signals generated by the neurons .
In a conventional computer , logic and memory functions are located at different parts of the circuit and each computing unit is only connected to a handful of neighbors in the circuit .
As a result , conventional computers execute code in a linear fashion , line by line , Lu said .
They are excellent at performing relatively simple tasks with limited variables .
But a brain can perform many operations simultaneously , or in parallel .
That 's how we can recognize a face in an instant , but even a supercomputer would take much , much longer and consume much more energy in doing so .
So far , Lu has connected two electronic circuits with one memristor .
He has demonstrated that this system is capable of a memory and learning process called " spike timing dependent plasticity . "
This type of plasticity refers to the ability of connections between neurons to become stronger based on when they are stimulated in relation to each other .
Spike timing dependent plasticity is thought to be the basis for memory and learning in mammalian brains .
" We show that we can use voltage timing to gradually increase or decrease the electrical conductance in this memristor - based system .
In our brains , similar changes in synapse conductance essentially give rise to long term memory , " Lu said .
The next step is to build a larger system , Lu said .
His goal is achieve the sophistication of a supercomputer in a machine the size of a two - liter beverage container .
That could be several years away .
Lu said an electronic analog of a cat brain would be able to think intelligently at the cat level .
For example , if the task were to find the shortest route from the front door to the sofa in a house full of furniture , and the computer knows only the shape of the sofa , a conventional machine could accomplish this .
But if you moved the sofa , it would n't realize the adjustment and find a new path .
That 's what engineers hope the cat brain computer would be capable of .
The project 's major funder , the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency , is n't interested in sofas .
But this illustrates the type of learning the machine is being designed for .
Explore further Memristor chip could lead to faster , cheaper computers
More information :
Full text of paper :
Full text of paper : pubs.acs.org/doi/full/10.1021/nl904092h
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - A major crisis is building in the derivatives market yet a cabal on Wall Street is blocking the formation of a clearing house that could stop the next financial meltdown , a senior official with the Kauffman Foundation said on Tuesday .
Harold Bradley , Chief Investment Officer , Ewing Marion Kauffman Foundation , gestures as he speaks at the Reuters Exchanges and Trading Summit in New York March 30 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Natalie Behring
The need for disclosure in the swap markets is enormous , yet the will to act is missing because of a small cadre of special interests , said Harold Bradley , who oversees almost $ 2 billion in assets as chief investment officer at Kauffman .
“ There is no incentive from the moneyed interests in either Washington or New York to change it , ” Bradley told the Reuters Global Exchanges and Trading Summit in New York .
“ I believe we are in a cabal .
There are five or six players only who are engaged and dominant in this marketplace and apparently they own the regulatory apparatus , ” he said .
“ Everybody is afraid to regulate them . ”
U.S. and European officials are trying to craft new rules to regulate the $ 450 trillion private derivatives market in broad efforts to avoid another financial crisis .
Policy - makers generally agree that most standardized derivatives should be traded on exchanges or cleared through a clearinghouse , which would assume the risk of a default .
Bradley said those efforts fall short .
There needs to be a national market system for fixed income and credit with displayed prices and the posting of open interest and market positions , he said .
Instead , he said regulators have found a boogeyman in high - frequency trading , which has taken the focus off the highly levered derivatives market .
After falling in 2008 , the nominal value of derivatives is now greater than ever at about $ 204.3 trillion , according to Ned Davis Research Inc .
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission is conducting a broad review of equity market structure , centered on high - frequency trading , often referred to by the initials HFT .
High - frequency traders , who account for an estimated 60 percent of trading on U.S. equity markets , use rapid - fire trading software to buy and sell stocks .
Fears that high - frequency trading could spark the next market meltdown are unfounded , Bradley and other speakers at the summit said .
“ We ’re going to talk about high - frequency trading instead of the flash points that set off nuclear bombs around our financial markets , ” Bradley said , referring to the ever - expanding and loosely regulated market for derivatives .
Complaints about electronic trade are coming from the largest U.S. asset management firms and the investment banks that have lost business to these new operations , Bradley said .
“ This is a classic Wall Street land grab .
You create an acronym , you basically castigate somebody as villainous and then you regulate them because they ’re taking somebody ’s profits away , ” he said .
Scrutiny of high frequency trading is unwarranted because the U.S. stock market functioned “ unbelievably well ” during the height of investor panic in late 2008 and early 2009 , he said .
“ I ’d like anyone to show me what did n’t work .
( The market ) never seized , costs stayed really low , ” Bradley said .
“ The money that the high frequency traders are taking is coming right out of the old investment banks ’ dealing desks ’ pockets , ” he said .
Nice essay by sociologist Frank Furedi on worse - case thinking , exemplified by our reaction to the Icelandic volcano :
I am not a natural scientist , and I claim no authority to say anything of value about the risks posed by volcanic ash clouds to flying aircraft .
However , as a sociologist interested in the process of decision - making , it is evident to me that the reluctance to lift the ban on air traffic in Europe is motivated by worst - case thinking rather than rigorous risk assessment .
Risk assessment is based on an attempt to calculate the probability of different outcomes .
Worst - case thinking ­ these days known as precautionary thinking ’ — is based on an act of imagination .
It imagines the worst - case scenario and then takes action on that basis .
In the case of the Icelandic volcano , fears that particles in the ash cloud could cause aeroplane engines to shut down automatically mutated into a conclusion that this would happen .
So it seems to me to be the fantasy of the worst - case scenario rather than risk assessment that underpins the current official ban on air traffic .
[…]
Worst - case thinking encourages society to adopt fear as of one of the key principles around which the public , the government and various institutions should organise their lives .
It institutionalises insecurity and fosters a mood of confusion and powerlessness .
Through popularising the belief that worst cases are normal , it also encourages people to feel defenceless and vulnerable to a wide range of future threats .
In all but name , it is an invitation to social paralysis .
The eruption of a volcano in Iceland poses technical problems , for which responsible decision - makers should swiftly come up with sensible solutions .
But instead , Europe has decided to turn a problem into a drama .
In 50 years ’ time , historians will be writing about our society ’s reluctance to act when practical problems arose .
It is no doubt difficult to face up to a natural disaster — but in this case it is the all - too - apparent manmade disaster brought on by indecision and a reluctance to engage with uncertainty that represents the real threat to our future .
If there were a prize for worst headline of the week , even the month , it would surely go to a February 23rd piece in the New York Times headlined online : “ Gates Calls European Mood a Danger to Peace . ”
The bellicose “ mood , ” so undermining of global peace that our secretary of defense had to go after it , was ( according to Brian Knowlton of the Times ) the “ public and political opposition to the military ” spreading across Europe .
Who would n’t react similarly in the face of such an unnerving phenomenon ?
After all , should it grow stronger , peace on Earth will surely prove a chimera .
European publics are now , it seems , so totally peaceable that , while the thousandth American died “ in and around Afghanistan ” in Operation Enduring Freedom last week to next to no notice here , they continued to exhibit extraordinary “ weakness . ”
After all , this was also the week in which -- speak of the devil -- the Dutch coalition government collapsed over a dispute about the public ’s desire to get Dutch troops out of Afghanistan .
What an example of that anti-peace bogeyman run riot !
No wonder Gates was warning that the perception of weakness could lead hostile powers ( unnamed ) to a “ temptation to miscalculate and aggression . ”
Fortunately , one country is still willing to sink its money ( and lives ) into the armed enhancement of peace globally : the United States .
As Jo Comerford of the National Priorities Project points out , the latest federal budget opens the American public to yet more pain , while shielding the military and the rest of the national security establishment from the same .
Fortunately , that “ antiwar mood ” seems not to have jumped the wide Atlantic , which means , for the time being , peace is safe in America .
Tom
A serious look at this budget document reveals some “ leaks ” -- two in actual spending practices and two in the basic assumptions that undergird the budget itself .
Ship - shape as it may look on the surface , this is a budget perilously close to an iceberg , and it ’s not clear whether the captain of the ship will heed the obvious warning signs .
Buffeted by economic hard times , the 2,585 - page , $ 3.8 trillion document is already taking on water , though this wo n’t be obvious to you if you ’re reading the mainstream media .
Let ’s start with the absolute basics : 59 % of the budget ’s spending is dedicated to mandatory programs like Medicaid , Medicare , Unemployment Insurance , Social Security , and now Pell Grants ; 34 % is to be spent on “ discretionary programs , ” including education , transportation , housing , and the military ; 7 % will be used to service the national debt .
Send up a flare !
The 2011 federal budget has sprung some leaks in the midst of a storm .
Not sure there 's enough money for life rafts !
Forget women and children first !
Whose Security Is This Anyway ?
In his State of the Union Address , given several days before the 2011 budget was released , President Obama announced a three - year freeze on “ non-security discretionary spending . ”
This was meant as a gesture toward paying down the looming national debt , but it should also be considered an early warning sign for leak number one .
After all , the president exempted all national - security - related spending from the cutting process .
Practically speaking , according to the National Priorities Project ( NPP ) , national security spending makes up about 67 % of that discretionary 34 % slice of the budget .
In 2011 , that will include an as - yet - untouchable $ 737 billion for the Pentagon alone .
Within the context of the total budget , then , so - called non-security discretionary spending represents a mere 11 % of proposed 2011 spending .
In other words , Obama ’s present plans to chip away at the debt involve leaving 89 % of the budget untouched .
Only the $ 370 billion going to myriad domestic social programs will be on the chopping block .
What 's in that $ 370 billion ?
Well , for starters , programs that focus on the environment , energy , and science .
In the 2011 budget , these categories combined are projected to receive $ 79 billion or 6 % of total domestic discretionary spending .
Though each of these areas could actually use a significant boost in funds , that ’s obviously not in the cards -- and this will translate into less money at the state level .
New York , for example , is projected to receive $ 247 million in home energy assistance for low - income folks , down more than $ 230 million from 2010 .
These funds mean an energy safety net for our communities , and also warmth and jobs in a cold winter , which looks like “ security ” to most of us , no matter what our captain says .
Asking for disproportionate cuts and efficiencies in programs in only 11 % percent of the overall budget might perhaps be slightly easier to stomach if military spending was n’t allowed relatively free rein in 2011 ( and thereafter ) .
The NPP estimates , in fact , that aggregated increases in military spending over the next decade will exceed $ 500 billion , drowning twice - over the projected $ 250 billion in non-security discretionary savings from the president ’s cuts over the same time period .
Consider this visible unwillingness to control military - related spending leak two in our budgetary Titanic .
By now , danger flags should be going up in profusion because the second leak is so familiar , so George W. Bush .
With each new bit of information , in fact , it sounds more and more like the same old song , the last guy 's tune .
It ’s clear that , as soon as the stimulus bump wears off later this year , we 're in danger of falling back into exactly the same more - money - for - the - military , less - federal - aid - to - the - states rut we ’ve been in for years , despite strong statements from both President Obama and Defense Secretary Robert Gates decrying Pentagon waste .
And speaking of waste , the Department of Defense is currently carrying weapons - program cost overruns for 96 of its major weapons programs totaling $ 295 billion , which alone are guaranteed to wipe out any proposed savings from President Obama 's non-security discretionary freeze , with $ 45 billion to spare .
That 's only to be expected , since neither the Pentagon nor any of the armed services have ever been able to pass a proper audit .
Ever .
If they had , what would have become of the C - 17 , the Air Force 's giant cargo plane ?
With a price tag now approaching $ 330 million per plane and a total program cost of well over $ 65 billion , the C - 17 , produced by weapons - maker Boeing , has miraculously evaded every attempt to squash it .
In fact , Congress even included $ 2.5 billion in the 2010 budget for ten C - 17s that the Pentagon had n’t requested .
Keep in mind that $ 2.5 billion is a lot of money , especially when cuts to domestic spending are threatened .
It could , for instance , provide an estimated 141,681 children and adults with health care for one year and pay the salaries of 6,138 public safety officers , 4,649 music and art teachers , and 4,568 elementary school teachers for that same year .
Having done that , it could still fund 22,610 scholarships for university students , provide 46,130 students the maximum Pell Grant of $ 5,550 for the college of their choice , allow for the building of 1,877 affordable housing units , and provide 382,879 homes with renewable electricity -- again for that same year -- and enough money would be left over to carve out 29,630 free Head Start places for kids .
That ’s for ten giant transport planes that the military is n’t even asking for .
Domestic - spending freeze proponents demand that our $ 13 trillion national debt , accumulated over seven decades , be turned back starting now .
Critics of Obama ’s freeze remind us that , while the C - 17 flourishes , cutting into that domestic 11 % is like trying to get blood from a stone .
They argue that what we need in recessionary times is an infusion of strategic domestic spending .
They tend to cite Mark Zandi , chief economist for Moody ’s Economy.com , who has noted that , for every dollar in stimulus aid directed toward the states , $ 1.40 returns to the economy , while every dollar invested in infrastructure spending yields $ 1.60 .
Freeze critics are acutely aware that , by December 31 , 2010 , most of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act ( ARRA ) , that Obama stimulus package , will expire and states will face a remarkably bleak future .
By then , they will also have spent the bulk of their education - relief funds , even as they grapple with a projected 48 - state 2011 budget gap of $ 180 billion .
Last year , despite the infusion of stimulus money , the same 48 states were already experiencing significant budget gaps and so cut a cumulative $ 194 billion or 28 % of their total 2010 budgets .
Having already imposed deep program cuts , governors in almost every state will have to make even more excruciating choices before July 1st , the beginning of their next fiscal year .
In Massachusetts , officials are considering eliminating funding for a program providing housing vouchers to homeless families .
California is facing $ 1.5 billion in reductions to kindergarten through 12th grade education and community college funding , while New York State may have to reduce payments to health - care providers by $ 400 million .
On the eve of the annual gathering of governors in Washington D.C. , Ray Scheppach , executive director of the National Governors Association , told a Washington Post columnist that he anticipates states needing to do far more than just institute program cuts , layoffs , and benefit cuts .
Governors will have to permanently sell off assets like roads and office buildings , or implement a host of other previously “ off - limits ” changes .
Afloat in an Ever Harsher World
Having looked at two obvious leaks in the upper hull of our budgetary ship of state , it ’s time to move deep underwater and examine the weak spots in two of the basic assumptions that undergird the new budget .
The first deals with an issue on everyone 's mind : unemployment .
The 2011 budget numbers are based on a crucial projection : just where the unemployment rate will be in 2012 .
Revenues available at the federal and state levels will depend , in part , on how many people go back to work and once again begin paying taxes on their wages .
For the pending and projected federal budgets to have a shot at panning out , unemployment must decline , as the budget predicts it will , from the present official rate of 9.7 % to 8.5 % by 2012 .
That does n’t sound like much of a drop , especially when Americans are in job pain .
But there 's a strong likelihood that even this goal is unattainable .
In reality , the U.S. needs to generate an estimated 1.5 million new jobs each year simply to keep pace with the arrival of newcomers on the job market .
That ’s before we talk about knocking down the present staggering unemployment rate .
In this case , however , one set of budget projections ( that three - year domestic spending freeze ) might work against the other ( that modest decline in unemployment ) .
Fewer federal stimulus dollars will be available to offset onrushing shortfall disasters at the state budgetary level , which means a potential drop in jobs .
And , thanks to that domestic freeze , more pain is in the offing , with fewer services available , for those out of work .
Even if the new Senate jobs bill makes it to the president 's desk , it ’s unlikely to go far enough to make a real difference .
All of this means that an 8.5 % unemployment rate in two years is , at best , an optimistic projection .
Even if that figure were hit , however , Americans still would n’t be celebrating , in budgetary terms or otherwise .
At 8.5 % , we ’re only back to an unemployment rate not seen in more than a quarter of a century , and keep in mind that a one - dimensional unemployment figure can’t begin to capture the complexity of what the Bureau of Labor Statistics describes as “ alternate measures of labor underutilization . ”
In other words , it does n’t count everyone who is underemployed , employed only part - time , or discouraged and so considered out of the job market .
At 16.5 % as of January 2010 , this measure tells a very different story .
Nor does that 8.5 % figure capture the disproportionately terrible employment situation faced by young people or people of color who are distinctly over - represented on the unemployment rolls .
And if you happen to live in certain metropolitan areas , 50 % of you can kiss your chances of a quick recovery goodbye .
According to the projections of a U.S. Conference of Mayors study titled U.S. Metro Economics , Dayton , Ohio , is not expected to see a significant employment bounce until 2015 ; Hartford , Connecticut , not until 2018 , and Detroit , Michigan , not until after 2039 .
As Atlantic magazine Deputy Managing Editor Don Peck noted recently , it will be a long time before we dig ourselves out of this current job crisis .
“ We are living through a slow motion catastrophe , ” he writes , “ one that could stain our culture and weaken our nation for many , many years to come . ”
That projected 8.5 % figure and all the projected freezes and cuts that go with it , do n’t begin to address this reality .
Think of that as leak three .
Then , consider this little tidbit from the 2011 budget , hardly noted or discussed in the news , even though it has the potential to punch a hole in the budgetary hull : the document projects a zero percent cost of living adjustment ( COLA ) for Food Stamps through 2019 .
To understand just what this means , it ’s necessary to step back for a moment .
According to the U.S. Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) , food stamp usage is remarkably widespread and growing .
Thirty - six million Americans , including one out of every four children , are currently on Food Stamps .
An estimated monthly Food Stamp benefit for a family of four is $ 321 ( approximately 89 cents per person per meal ) , which already falls significantly short of what the USDA considers a “ thrifty ” family 's grocery receipts , estimated at roughly $ 513 per month .
If the COLA for food stamps is frozen over the next eight years , NPP analysts project a 19 % erosion in the buying power of those stamps due to inflation .
This means that , by the end of 2019 , a similar family of four , eating at exactly the same level , would be paying $ 611 a month for its food , or $ 100 more , while still receiving that same $ 321 .
In other words , if the 2011 budget and its projections proceed as planned , a great many Americans will be hungrier and still jobless in a harsher , meaner world , while what budgetary savings are achieved on the backs of the poorest Americans will be gobbled up by wars , weapons , and other “ security ” needs .
Ordinary Americans will largely be left in a sink or swim world and the waters will be very , very cold .
Tell the radio operator .
It ’s none too soon .
Start sending out the signals .
SOS … SOS … SOS …
Jo Comerford is the executive director of the National Priorities Project .
Previously , she served as director of programs at the Food Bank of Western Massachusetts and directed the American Friends Service Committee 's justice and peace - related community organizing efforts in western Massachusetts .
Copyright 2010 Jo Comerford
We have covered this type of story before : a man finds an open wireless access point , parks in front of the home or business containing the WAP , surfs away on his laptop , and the police are called .
The story has played itself out once again , this time in Vancouver , WA , where 20 - year - old Alexander Eric Smith was arrested after a three - month stretch where he periodically parked in front of a coffee shop off - and - on with a laptop and used its WAP .
The kicker ?
He never bought so much as a small latte .
Brewed Awakenings manager Emily Pranger finally tired of his presence and called 911 .
Police came and told Smith to surf elsewhere .
After returning , he was taken into custody and charged with theft of services .
Note that unlike other cases , he was not charged with unauthorized use of a computer network .
Instead , the premise for his arrest is that he used Brewed Awakenings ' free WiFi network without buying anything from them .
Open WAPs are tempting in certain situations .
When camping , I 've driven into town in search of an open WAP to check e-mail or get my Lounge fix .
However , law enforcement types seem to be paying more attention to WiFi leeching these days .
An Illinois man was fined US $ 250 earlier this year after pleading guilty to remotely accessing another computer system without the owner 's approval .
That followed the conviction of a Florida man for felony unauthorized access to computer network in 2005 .
Fears over what people might be doing over wireless networks appear to be driving the concern over wardriving .
It turns out that Smith is a convicted sex offender .
It therefore follows that he was using the coffee shop 's WiFi to look a porn or something equally nefarious </ sarcasm > .
What I find fascinating is that when newspapers and TV stations report on occurrences such as this , they generally magnify the scope of the problem and put an alarmist spin on it .
On a random neighborhood street in Vancouver , a KATU News laptop detected 11 networks , five of which were unsecured , meaning anyone could log on to them for free .
A computer expert told KATU News there is no way to know if someone is using your wireless connection without permission .
Actually , there is .
In addition , it is so trivial to turn on security for a home ( or business ) WAP , that there is no reason anyone should leave a WiFi network unprotected unless he or she really wants it to be open to all comers .
Perhaps the sensationalized reporting that usually follows cases like this arises out of the fact that most people ( media included ) do n't really understand how computers in general and wireless networking in particular work .
Until people are better educated , those tempted by open access points are better off carefully considering whether or not to open up the laptop and start surfing .
