Monday , 06 July 2009 01:43
On the 4th of July of each year , you celebrate your independence day , which you consider America�s most precious day , as it represents your freedom and true independence that you achieved by resisting British Occupation .
You sacrificed for this day and fought for eight years to achieve your just aim , by simply refusing any kind of occupation and loss of true sovereignty .
Your country became the strongest nation in the world .
But instead of spreading peace and freedom between mankind , your governments started to enslave nations economically in your name ; punishment for anyone who does not want to be under your sphere of influence became the name of the game .
This attitude was clearly crystallised when your government decided to break international law by invading Iraq under the disguise of weapons of mass destruction .
But the whole world knows now the fallacy of this claim , and it has become crystal clear for all that the true aim is to have hands on control on the natural resources of Iraq .
Your government believes that it has achieved this aim by imposing an ideologically polarized political system and constitution , and embedding wide spread corruption in the system , in order to reap the reward of controlling oil fields and other natural resources through false and orchestrated auctions .
But let me tell you what your country has achieved for you .
Your government has committee the most evil act against humanity for the sake of controlling the resources of another nation in your name , in the name of your humanity and your civilisation .
It tried to legalise this evil crime by initiating a so called treaty with the so called government of Iraq .
History will Judge those Iraqis who signed , voted and who are quite about it as having committed high treason against the people of Iraq ; it is simply an attempt to legalise the most evil act committed in the history of humanity .
I do not mean the millions of orphans , or the millions of widows , or the millions of displaced people , or the crimes committed by your military army against detainees , or the destruction of Iraq�s infrastructure .
I mean the use of the American military of at least 2000 tons of depleted uranium in the war against Iraq , which has polluted more or less all aspects of the environment in my beloved Iraq .
Depleted uranium is the true weapon of mass destruction , especially the way its pollution affects all aspects of normal life , land and water .
To find out the true effect of this weapon , go and visit what ever is left of Iraqi hospitals ; to see with your own eyes the crimes of your government and military .
This inhumane weapon has caused wide spread cancer especially in women and children , and even unborn foetuses and genes .
Yes it will affect genes for ten and probably hundred of years to come .
An if you can not visit Iraqi hospitals , visit the hundred of thousands of your own veterans who are suffering from long term illnesses caused by depleted uranium according to the reports of your own institutions .
That is correct ; your government has even committed hideous crimes against your own soldiers .
You need to stop this hypocrisy of yours .
On your independence day , I would like to remind you that resisting occupation is the right of all free people in the world , and it is the right of the people of Iraq to resist your occupation and hijacking their true sovereignty .
You are not aware of the true losses Iraqi resistance has inflected on your military .
The findings of your own academics and research institution indicate that the causalities are as high as half a million dead and disabled veterans with terminal illnesses .
This is what your government has achieved in this unjust war on the people of Iraq as a result of the actions of the heroic Iraqi resistance .
As to the so called withdrawal of the US military from Iraqi cities and towns and the charade of handing over sovereignty , I can assure you that free Iraqis are all too aware of this deception and will not be deceived by it .
Free Iraqis will continue their resistance until all foreign troops are withdrawn from Iraq , and gain true independence and sovereignty .
Just like their grandfathers in the last century who fought British rule until they gained independence .
In order to know the willpower and tenacity of free Iraqis , read about the twenties revolution , as your future generations will read about the war of the twenty first century .
You must understand that the people of Iraq will not forgive you until you apologies and compensate justly for all the crimes and damages your government and military have committed again the people of Iraq and their environment .
You can rest assure that if you do not , Iraqi people including future generations will hold you legally accountable for these crimes to gain a just compensation even after independence .
Lastly , I say to you that your country is less than two hundred and fifty years old .
But the cradle of civilisation in Mesopotamia is thousands years old .
This free land went through trials and tribulation from time to time over the centuries , but it has always regained its freedom and independence at the hands of its free sons .
Professor Mohammad Al - Ani
Chairman , Iraqi Consultants Council
4th July 2009
I ’m tired of hearing people explain that paying rent is throwing money away .
Of course , they do n’t mean that literally .
You ’re getting something for that money ( a place to live ) .
But with a mortgage you ’re building equity , right ?
Does n’t that fundamentally make more sense than renting ?
No. “ Building equity ” just means turning some of your money into a house .
That ’s one of many ways you could invest your money .
Practically speaking , there are some reasons why buying instead of renting really is a good idea for a lot of people :
Self - binding .
Committing to a mortgage may force you to save and invest money that otherwise you would have spent ( to spend your house you have to sell it or re-mortgage it ) .
Not that there ’s anything wrong with spending money ( that ’s what it ’s ultimately for ) but you might well want to force yourself to save more than you ’re naturally inclined to .
Crazy tax incentives .
Mortgage interest is tax deductible in the US and capital gains from selling your home is largely tax - exempt .
As part of the current fiscal stimulus plan , many first - time home buyers even qualify for an outright gift from the government of $ 8000 just to buy a house .
Leverage .
Buying a house is the only way normal people can invest a huge amount of money on margin .
In other words , buying a house means investing hundreds of thousands of dollars of borrowed money in real estate .
Control .
If you are your own landlord you ca n’t be forced out or priced out , and you can modify your home as you wish .
( The flipside is that it makes your place slightly like the Hotel California — ever leaving will be a serious ordeal . )
But beyond all that , should n’t it be cheaper to disintermediate your landlord ?
In fact , landlord profits are probably a very small part of the equation : on par with the cost of collecting your rent and arranging ( not paying for ) maintenance .
We can check this by seeing how much property management companies charge .
Casual web searching indicates it can range from 3 % to 15 % of rent .
But that includes the cost of finding new tenants — the equivalent of which home - buyers pay in spades in realtor commissions ( directly or indirectly ) .
I think it ’s safe to say that only a few percent or so of your rent is wasted in that sense .
Perhaps more or less depending on how often you move .
In a sane market , mortgage interest [ net of home apprecation rate ; see below ] plus property taxes plus maintenance costs will roughly equal rent .
None of those expenses build equity any more than rent does .
So paying rent is not fundamentally throwing money away , though it may be leaving free money from the government on the table .
Epilogue
The above was pure armchair excogitation .
I ’m now the proud renter of an apartment in Harlem at $ 2500 / month , which we also have the option to buy for $ 600 k or so .
The condo maintenance fees would then be $ 1000 or so per month .
Property taxes and the mortgage tax deduction roughly cancel out for me .
This puts the monthly ( unrecoupable ) cost of ownership at $ 3500 / month — $ 1000 more than rent .
For that to make sense , the condo has to appreciate at 2 % / year indefinitely .
I ’m not inclined to make that bet .
To reiterate my original point : buying means $ 3500 / month “ thrown away ” ( in the sense that rent is thrown away ) .
When our agent was telling me these numbers he kept repeating the myth that “ if you ’re going to spend that money on rent every month you might as well be building equity ” .
Absolutely false !
The fraction of your rent that would go toward building equity ( if you put that rent money toward buying instead ) is literally less than zero .
In places like Manhattan where the rent ratio is high , you ’re paying a lot for the privilege of investing in real estate and counting on it to appreciate .
Of course , in a sane market you would count on appreciation in line with the historical rate .
For the US ( as a whole ) , that is not much better than inflation .
Still , in the rent vs buy calculation , you should subtract from your mortgage interest rate the historical appreciation rate .
Unless you believe we ’re still in a housing bubble , in which case you should subtract nothing , or even add to the mortgage interest rate .
Two more myths busted for the price of one
Myth :
By buying a house your costs go down over time as you pay down the principal on the mortgage .
When people defend the “ renting is throwing away money ” myth , there are a couple of supporting myths they cite in support of it .
First is the related claim that by buying a house your costs go down over time as you pay down the principal on the mortgage .
This is wrong .
It does n’t account for opportunity costs .
Remember that if you were making alternative investments then you ’d be raking in enough money in interest to cover most of your rent by the time your home - buying alternate self paid their mortgage off .
More generally , the term of your mortgage ( or whether you need one at all ) does n’t much factor in to the buy vs rent decision .
You can compare renting vs buying as if you ’re getting a zero-amortization mortgage .
I.e. , assume you ’ll be paying only interest and never touching the principal so that your mortgage payments are 5 % ( or whatever rate banks charge these days ) of your home ’s value per year forever .
Whether you have such a hypothetical infinity - year mortgage or a 30 - year mortgage or pay up front with a suitcase full of cash does n’t matter .
A long mortgage term means a lot of interest paid but the suitcase full of cash means a lot of interest you would ’ve earned forgone .
It ’s all a wash .
That does , however , ignore the tax advantages of a mortgage .
In fact , a zero-amortization mortgage maximizes the mortgage interest tax deduction , which is probably the biggest factor pushing towards buying .
Myth : Building equity in a house beats alternative investments .
The second related myth , and another common rationalization for buying over renting , is the claim that real estate is a fundamentally better investment ( and so building equity in a house beats alternative investments ) .
This claim does n’t hold up , even if you made the ( unwarranted ) assumption that house prices have bottomed out .
You always have the ability to invest in real estate without buying a house .
Illustration by Kelly Savage .
Thanks to David Reiley , Alex Strehl , Andrew Reeves , John Langford , Bethany Soule , Martin Reeves , Dave Pennock , Laurie K. Reeves , Sharad Goel , Bob Soule , Rob Felty , Kevin Lochner , and Jake Hofman for helpful discussions and home - buying anecdotes .
UPDATE : There are excellent points and additional resources and caveats in the comments .
Thanks !
I added one myself clarifying why “ buying gets cheaper eventually as you pay off the mortgage ” is wrong .
I stand by the original point :
If you ignore price bubbles , taxes , personal preferences , and leverage then renting and buying are roughly financially equivalent .
Not that you should ignore those things , just do n’t fall for the myths that it ’s a no - brainer decision .
UPDATE : Now in Spanish , thanks to ManzanaMecanica.org .
Tyranny is an important phenomenon that operates by principles by which it can be recognized in its early emerging stages , and , if the people are vigilant , prepared , and committed to liberty , countered before it becomes entrenched .
The methods used to overthrow a constitutional order and establish a tyranny are well - known .
However , despite this awareness , it is surprising how those who have no intention of perpetrating a tyranny can slip into these methods and bring about a tyranny despite their best intentions .
Tyranny does not have to be deliberate .
Tyrants can fool themselves as thoroughly as they fool everyone else .
Here are the top 16 signs that you are living in a tyranny or heading that way .
Many thanks to Jon Roland for submitting this list ( the original of which is here ) .
1 Signs 1 – 5
1. Control of public information and opinion :
It begins with withholding information , and leads to putting out false or misleading information .
A government can develop ministries of propaganda under many guises .
They typically call it “ public information ” or “ marketing ” .
2 . Vote fraud used to prevent the election of reformers :
It does n’t matter which of the two major party candidates are elected if no real reformer can get nominated , and when news services start knowing the outcomes of elections before it is possible for them to know , then the votes are not being honestly counted .
3 . Undue official influence on trials and juries : Nonrandom selection of jury panels , exclusion of those opposed to the law , exclusion of the jury from hearing argument on the law , exclusion of private prosecutors from access to the grand jury , and prevention of parties and their counsels from making effective arguments or challenging the government .
4. Usurpation of undelegated powers :
This is usually done with popular support for solving some problem , or to redistribute wealth to the advantage of the supporters of the dominant faction , but it soon leads to the deprivation of rights of minorities and individuals .
5 . Seeking a government monopoly on the capability and use of armed force :
The first signs are efforts to register or restrict the possession and use of firearms , initially under the guise of “ protecting ” the public , which , when it actually results in increased crime , provides a basis for further disarmament efforts affecting more people and more weapons .
2 Signs 6 – 10
6. Militarization of law enforcement : Declaring a “ war on crime ” that becomes a war on civil liberties .
Preparation of military forces for internal policing duties .
7. Infiltration and subversion of citizen groups that could be forces for reform : Internal spying and surveillance is the beginning .
A sign is false prosecutions of their leaders .
8. Suppression of investigators and whistleblowers :
When people who try to uncover high level wrongdoing are threatened , that is a sign the system is not only riddled with corruption , but that the corruption has passed the threshold into active tyranny .
9 . Use of the law for competition suppression :
It begins with the dominant faction winning support by paying off their supporters and suppressing their supporters ’ competitors , but leads to public officials themselves engaging in illegal activities and using the law to suppress independent competitors .
A good example of this is narcotics trafficking .
10 . Subversion of internal checks and balances :
This involves the appointment to key positions of persons who can be controlled by their sponsors , and who are then induced to do illegal things .
The worst way in which this occurs is in the appointment of judges that will go along with unconstitutional acts by the other branches .
3 Signs 11 – 16
11 . Creation of a class of officials who are above the law :
This is indicated by dismissal of charges for wrongdoing against persons who are “ following orders ” .
12 . Increasing dependency of the people on government :
The classic approach to domination of the people is to first take everything they have away from them , then make them compliant with the demands of the rulers to get anything back again .
13 . Increasing public ignorance of their civic duties and reluctance to perform them :
When the people avoid doing things like voting and serving in militias and juries , tyranny is not far behind .
14 . Use of staged events to produce popular support :
Acts of terrorism , blamed on political opponents , followed immediately with well - prepared proposals for increased powers and budgets for suppressive agencies .
Sometimes called a Reichstag plot .
15 . Conversion of rights into privileges : Requiring licenses and permits for doing things that the government does not have the delegated power to restrict , except by due process in which the burden of proof is on the petitioner .
16 . Political correctness :
Many if not most people are susceptible to being recruited to engage in repressive actions against disfavored views or behaviors , and led to pave the way for the dominance of tyrannical government .
Contributor : Jon_Roland
C You build a new leg .
ASM
You redefine every cell in the leg , and all the inter - cell bonds ; when you 're done , watch your leg vanish at the first segfault .
C++
Nobody understands how you did it , but you 've created an iron plated leg that runs so fast that it 's essentially useless , and you walk in circles for hours .
C#
You build a leg , and it works wonderfully , but only within the city limits of Seattle .
Ruby
You build 15 more legs , and four more bodies to carry them around .
For redundancy .
Objective C
You buy a new chrome leg , at great expense , and find it wo n't work without a chrome hip .
Objective - C on iPhone
You write an application that heals your leg when you shake it and sell it for $ 5 .
It also acts as a flashlight and makes fart noises when you use it .
Perl
You spend two days attempting to work with the Leg : : Prostethic module , before running your previous C code through encryption and executing the result .
A leather couch appears .
Prolog
You define your leg as healed , and wait four years for the leg to build itself .
AppleScript A basic , cylindrical leg appears , which just barely works through a series of jerky , childlike movements .
Brainfuck
You spent nearly a month creating the replacement leg , everyone pats you on the back and you feel pretty good about yourself , but you somehow wonder if there was an easier way .
Malbolge
You spend the rest of your life rebuilding half a leg , but you somehow have to divide it by 57 before it can be finished .
Piet
You paint a picture of a leg , and then execute it .
A leather couch appears .
Haskell
You heal your leg in one line .
You then write 10 pages of LaTeX documentation on how you could have healed your leg more efficiently .
Befunge
With a good editor , your leg takes mere minutes to prototype , however you 'll be improving it for the rest of your life to get it down to small enough to be usable .
Java ( modified 2009 - 06-05 )
After discovering the lack of a built - in library for legs , you spend 8 hours trying to write factory patterns for human , animal and robot legs , then instantiate a new leg .
The stump of the old leg loiters around for a while before being collected .
Java on Android ( added 2015 -04 - 25 )
Google builds and attaches your leg for you , but collects and records all your vital signs as stipulated under section 83.5 of the EULA you signed .
Lisp
You attach the leg bone to the hip bone , which is attached to the leg bone , which is attached to the hip bone ...
COBOL PROCEDURE DIVISION .
WRITE ESSAY IN REGARD TO CONSTRUCTION OF NEW LEG .
RUN .
Javascript
You spend a few hours building an array of pieces of leg , and a few weeks playing with toolkits that can slide pieces of leg around in all sorts of ways .
PHP
You can't remember whether the function order requires ( hip , leg , ankle ) or ( ankle , leg , hip ) .
Eventually through trial and error , you have a leg which works fine on tarmac but does n't understand grass .
HTML
You build a framework for a leg , and you wake up in the morning with it blinking .
CSS
You attach a new leg to the hip and float it in the proper direction , but your feet are also attached to your hips because they have n't been cleared below the legs .
Scheme
You can only build a leg - 1 , so you can either have a leg to stand on or have something to give you a leg up , but not both .
SQL
You attempt to clean up the stump of your leg by deleting it , but you forget to specify which limb to delete ; now you have no arms or legs .
Bash
You try to rm -r / limbs / leg / right / stump , but hit enter instead of tab after rm -r / and disappear .
Pascal
You build a leg module , just in time to learn that Modula - 2 has legs built into the standard library .
BASIC
Your new leg looks perfectly fine , but does n't work until you tattoo numbers down the side of the shin .
JCL
You spend weeks crafting a build mechanism for your leg , and submit it to the mainframe , to find a syntax error .
Only then do you find , that you do n't understand the code any more .
Erlang
You spawn a process to fix your leg , and a supervisor process to build more new legs just in case .
The supervisor attaches all your new legs to your head , because your hip is an immutable structure .
Python ( modified 2015 - 04 - 24 ) from __future__ import leg Fortran ( modified 2009 - 06 - 17 )
You build a new leg , and spend the rest of your life improving it in small increments until you can leap tall buildings .
Unfortunately , no - one cares .
CUDA ( added 2009 - 06-05 )
You make 10,000 tiny legs which enable you to run at thirty miles an hour , but they only work on astroturf .
Lua ( added 2009 - 06-05 )
You find that you can only emulate a new leg as userdata with a metatable the size of the moon .
Surprisingly , this works quite well if you upgrade your brain at the same time .
POVRay ( added 2009 - 06-08 )
You design a new leg from basic geometric shapes , and texture it in reflective Perlin noise .
Because it looks cooler that way .
D ( added 2009 - 06-08 )
You build a new leg .
You forget that the Makefile specifies omission of bounds checking , so attaching the new leg extends it into your torso , replacing many vital organs .
Matlab ( added 2009 - 06 - 17 )
You meticulously formulate the components of your new leg , and then build it .
A graph of your leg 's kinetic energy output appears .
Qubit C ( added 2009 - 06 - 17 )
You set out to create a new leg , which would explain the extra leg you sprouted last week .
A leather couch appears .
Whitespace ( added 2009 - 06 - 17 ) Win32 API ( added 2015 -04 - 24 )
Microsoft hands you a new leg , but it keeps randomly cramping up .
Every diagnosis only comes up with a strange number and " The leg is incorrect " .
Your only option is to go home and sleep it off .
Visual Basic ( added 2015 - 04 - 24 )
You call the doctor 's office to build you a new a leg , but find out that it comes with an incantation tattoo'd onto it that causes it to never stop running .
The unfamiliar phrase reads : On Error Resume Next Rust ( added 2015 - 04 - 24 )
You make a new leg without any trouble but when you try to attach it the compiler complains that that it does n't live long enough .
With thanks to : letusgothen , TehLaser , VoidBoi , jercos , matja , apathy , asonge , Ended , tobias104 , Emu* , MHD , lulzfish , Ysn , maafy6 , RoadieRich .
Article dated : 4th Jun 2009
As he visited survivors of the April 6 earthquake , which left 295 people dead and 30,000 homeless , Mr Berlusconi met an African priest and said : " You have a nice tan . "
Turning to an African Red Cross worker , he repeated the gaffe , saying : " You 've got a tan as well - I wish I could stay here and get some sun " .
It ’s hard to believe , but being underweight used to be a considerable health problem in the United States .
In the years from 1966 to 1970 , 5.8 % of children ages 6 to 11 and 4.6 % of children ages 12 to 19 were underweight .
From 1960 to 1962 , 5.7 % of people ages 20 to 39 were underweight .
How times have changed .
Today , people who are underweight are most likely those who have underlying medical conditions , according to new data from the National Center for Health Statistics .
The rates of people of all ages who are underweight have declined significantly .
Though some people may still be underweight due to malnutrition , many more become overweight as a consequence of eating a poor diet based on processed foods and saturated fat with little fruit , vegetables and lean meat and fish .
Survey data from 2003 to 2006 show 3.3 % of children ages 2 to 19 are underweight .
In children ages 2 to 5 , the incidence declined from 5.8 % in 1971 - 74 to 2.8 % in 2003 - 06 .
Advertisement
Among adults of all ages , the rates of underweight fell from 4 % in 1960 - 62 to 1.8 % in 2003 - 06 .
Five decades ago , 3.7 % of people ages 60 to 74 were underweight .
Today only 0.9 % are underweight .
The statistics can be found on the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ’s website , www.cdc.gov/nchs/products/hestats.htm.
--
shari.roan@latimes.com
Barack Obama speaks at the start of an evening of poetry , music and spoken word in the East Room of the White House .
| REUTERS Obama digs Urdu poetry
If you want to make high - brow small talk at one of President Barack Obama ’s cocktail parties , do n’t bother brushing up your Shakespeare .
Try reading Urdu poetry .
As POLITICO ’s Ben Smith points out in his blog , Obama showed off his intellectual flair by evoking a standard of Pakistani culture in a recent interview with Dawn , a popular English - language newspaper in Pakistan .
Advertisement
“ ‘I would love to visit .
As you know , I had Pakistani roommates in college who were very close friends of mine .
I went to visit them when I was still in college ; was in Karachi and went to Hyderabad .
Their mothers taught me to cook , ’ said Mr Obama .
‘ What can you cook ? ’
‘ Oh , keema ... daal ...
You name it , I can cook it .
And so I have a great affinity for Pakistani culture and the great Urdu poets . ’
‘ You read Urdu poetry ? ’
‘ Absolutely .
So my hope is that I ’m going to have an opportunity at some point to visit Pakistan , ’ said Mr Obama . ”
It may sound somewhat esoteric , but this ancient form of mystical and oft - times philosophical love poetry has been popular in Pakistan and parts of India for centuries .
And there are a few things to know before you try to impress the poetry - lover - in - chief .
One of the most popular poets was Mirza Ghalib , whose work dates from the mid-19th century .
The still - popular art form usually features the story of a lover scorned by his beloved .
And there is almost never a happy ending .
“ Often the beloved is often a total witch , ” says Gwen Kirk , a University of Texas master ’s candidate in the subject of Urdu poetry .
“ She breaks the lover ’s heart all the time ; she neglects him .
It ’s all about the process of trying to get closer to the beloved , and it ’s got a lot of Sufi and mystical elements as well . ”
The ghazal is the most common form of Urdu poetry , and , like sonnets , it follows strict rules of form : four to 12 couplets with a meter and rhyme scheme .
But the similarities end there .
Couplets in an Urdu poem can sometimes be completely unrelated to each other , each delving into themes that range from unrequited love to the meaning of life .
Fear not if your Urdu — one of two official languages in Pakistan — is a little rusty .
Obama likely reads one of the many translated compilations of the texts , according to Kirk .
Or if he is a truly savvy Urdu poetry enthusiast , he may choose to listen to the poems recited or sung , as it is commonly performed in the region .
Obama ’s admission that he shares an affinity with the “ great Urdu poets ” may get him further in the region than most think .
The language and poetry are commonly associated with Pakistan ’s and India ’s Muslim population , according to Kirk , and it remains intensely popular in the region — poetry recitals sometimes attract gatherings of thousands of people .
“ It does show a willingness to understand that part of the world , ” says Kirk .
And in general , it gives Obama further credibility as a supporter of the arts .
Not only is he one of three American presidents to have poetry read at their Inaugurations , but he reads the stuff , too !
Want to dig into Urdu poetry ?
Here ’s an example of what awaits you :
To hell with all hindering walls and doors !
Love ’s eye sees as feather and wing , walls and doors .
My flooded eyes blur the house
Doors and walls becoming walls and doors .
There is no shelter : my love is on her way ,
They ’ve gone ahead in greeting , walls and doors .
The wine of your splendor floods
Your street , intoxicating walls and doors .
( Translated by Shamsur Rahman Faruqi and Frances W. Pritchett )
John
Wayne toilet paper is a military term used to describe the low grade toilet paper found in the MRE ( Meal Ready to Eat ) accessory packet .
Called so because it ’s rough , tough and do n’t take sh*t from anybody .
Can also be used in place of extra fine grit sandpaper when refinishing furniture .
Inexpensive , single - ply , institutional - grade coarse toilet paper ; from a joke .
This stuff we use is John Wayne toilet paper ; it ’s rough , it ’s tough , and it takes no cr*p off of anyone !
Recently , the Shelby County Commission passed an ordinance that would make it illegal for employers and firms that contract with the county to discriminate against people based on sexual orientation .
Unfortunately , the discussion got bogged down in questions about whether homosexuality is or is not moral .
It was assumed that the government can intervene on behalf of favored groups in order to correct the perceived injustice of discrimination .
The debate largely ignored the key issue , which is whether it is just , moral , and appropriate to use force to correct others ’ wayward beliefs .
Now that the dust has settled , we can ask about this .
As a consumer , I am free to indulge whatever preferences I ’m willing to pay for , and if I am a bigot the objects of my ignorance have no legal claim against me .
If I am biased against the race and religion of the proprietors of a local ethnic restaurant , I am free to shop elsewhere .
I do n’t have to eat at India Palace , El Porton , or Pho Saigon , and the owners of India Palace , El Porton , and Pho Saigon do not have the option to force me to patronize their businesses .
Fair Play Steven Landsburg Best Price : $ 2.02 Buy New $ 38.90 ( as of 10:41 EST - Details )
The legal right to prosecute thoughtcrime only works in one direction .
Restaurants do not have the right to refuse me service if they disapprove of my race and religion .
Something is amiss here .
If I am a bigot , I am free to indulge my bigotry by refusing to trade my money for their goods and services .
They do not have the same luxury : they cannot refuse to trade their goods and services for my money .
It has been said that " hard cases make bad law , " and laws against discrimination are a perfect case in point .
This is an issue where pragmatism must yield to principle .
In his book Fair Play , economist Steven Landsburg states this eloquently in a passage on the importance of rights , tolerance , and pluralism ( p. 92 ) :
You and I disapprove of bigotry .
But the private virtue of tolerance and the public virtue of pluralism require us to countenance things we do not approve .
Tolerance means accepting the fact that other people ’s values might be very different than your own .
Pluralism means eschewing the use of political power as a means for ‘ correcting ’ those values .
The idea of tolerating intolerance sounds suspiciously paradoxical , but so do a lot of other good ideas  like freedom of speech for advocates of censorship .
In fact , freedom of speech has a lot in common with tolerance : Neither of them means a thing unless it applies equally to those we applaud and those who offend us most viscerally .
Tolerance is ennobling , which is why we should teach it to our children .
Pluralism is insurance against tyranny , which is why we should demand it of our government .
To speak up for even the most despised minorities is both morally right and politically prudent .
$ 23 $ 20
Calling on government to purify others ’ hearts and minds opens Pandora ’s box , pushes us farther down a very slippery slope , and invites all sorts of other hackneyed clichs .
I hope that people find discrimination on the basis of race , religion , sexual orientation , physical " handicaps , " and other arbitrary criteria morally repugnant .
I do .
However , my disapproval of another ’s attitude does not give me the right to use force to correct their erroneous ways .
Indeed , it may backfire .
From what I have observed , the conflagration surrounding the antidiscrimination ordinance has reinforced " us versus them " mentalities around Shelby County .
This also addresses another issue of crucial importance .
If I give a government the power to force you to accept my values , I also give them the power to force me to accept your values at some point in the future .
Another way of saying this is that any government with the power to take an atheist ’s money and give it to my church is also a government with the power to take my money and give it to Planned Parenthood .
When we use force to restrict others ’ liberty , we endanger our own .
Governments coerce others with a two - edged sword : giving the state the power to do things you like necessarily requires giving the state the power to do things you do n’t like , and giving the state the power to restrict behavior of which you do n’t approve gives them the power to restrict behavior of which you do approve .
The right way to change hearts and minds is not coercion .
It is persuasion .
The originally appeared on Mises.org .
June 30 , 2009
The Best of Art Carden
WolframAlpha
computational knowledge engines think they 're so smart .
Alt - Text :
If a train leaves Chicago at 8 pm and another train leaves Dallas 2 hours later , what should I have for dinner ?
TELL ME WOLFRAM !
Even if you do n’t live in New York , you ’ve probably heard the tale of the alligator lurking in its subterranean depths , preying upon sewage workers and subway riders .
But what about the Germans who used to mix mustard gas in a secret tunnel that runs under Atlantic Avenue in Brooklyn ?
Or the missing pages from John Wilkes Booth ’s diary reported to be stashed down there , beneath an intersection best known for traffic tie-ups and the Trader Joe’s ?
No ?
Then meet Bob Diamond , who literally clawed his way into the tunnel nearly 30 years ago and has been fighting ever since to get permission for further excavation .
His aim : to debunk the odd myths surrounding the cave and to prove another -- that a locomotive is buried at its bricked - over end .
Advertisement
So far City Hall has refused , Diamond says , arguing that reopening the tunnel that railway cars and horse - drawn wagons rumbled through from 1844 to 1861 would disrupt traffic .
Seth Solomonow , a spokesman for the city ’s Department of Transportation , said one excavation request from a film company hoping to document Diamond ’s search had been rejected because it involved tearing up one of Brooklyn ’s busiest intersections , the site of a hospital and a major expressway entrance ramp .
“ I think we ’d consider it , but we want to see the right proposal , ” Solomonow said .
“ It ’s kind of amazing that something of this size sat under everyone ’s nose for so long and nobody noticed it , ” said John Keen of the Brooklyn Historic Railway Assn. , a nonprofit organization formed by Diamond that conducts tours of the half - mile - long cavern .
Diamond , now balding and pudgy , looks nothing like Indiana Jones .
But to hear him tell it , the dashing character was his inspiration in uncovering the tunnel .
One night in 1979 , when he was an engineering student , Diamond turned on a radio and stumbled upon a fantastic tale involving missing pages from Booth ’s diary .
The words penned by Abraham Lincoln ’s assassin allegedly were hidden in a locomotive buried in a tunnel just a few miles from Diamond ’s home .
Advertisement
An obsession was born .
“ I was like , a conspiracy theory about Lincoln , and a steam locomotive ?
Where do I sign up ? ” said Diamond , who took off a semester to search for the tunnel .
He sought out old maps .
He hounded city officials .
He scoured newspaper articles from the 19th and early 20th centuries .
Most people told him the tunnel did not exist .
Others said it was full of water -- or giant rats .
“ The more people told me these ridiculous stories , the more it made me want to look for it , ” Diamond told a tour group of about 100 people last weekend who were waiting in line , flashlights in hand , before descending a narrow ladder into the tunnel .
Inside , the air is surprisingly cool and fresh - smelling .
A phone line installed during Diamond ’s initial explorations runs along the tunnel ’s wall and connects to a dusty black rotary dial phone .
“ Speak loud , ” reads a tag stuck on the handset .
The ground of the 21 - foot - wide cave is rutted from the tracks that once took railway cars from the water ’s edge at the end of Atlantic Avenue into Brooklyn .
Advertisement
It took Diamond nearly two years to find the tunnel .
The break came when a 1911 story he read in the Brooklyn Eagle newspaper led him to a Brooklyn borough engineer ’s office .
There , Diamond says , inside a wooden box on a shelf , he found a map with a little blue dot marking the manhole cover .
He got permission to lift the manhole cover , but upon peering down the hole , city gas company officials insisted there was nothing down there but dirt .
Diamond , however , had just seen “ Raiders of the Lost Ark ” and asked himself , “ What would Indiana Jones do ? ”
Outfitted with oxygen tanks , a mask , a walkie - talkie and a 7 - foot crowbar , Diamond began clawing through the dirt with his hands .
Suddenly , a blast of cold air poured over him .
He had cracked his way into the mouth of the tunnel .
Advertisement
Since the tunnel was closed in 1861 , the only visitors before Diamond apparently were electricians , who in the early 1900s went in to investigate rumors that Germans were mixing mustard gas there .
It seems no Germans were found , nor has Diamond seen any sign of pirates said to have used the tunnel as a hide - out or of bodies reportedly dumped there by mobsters .
But he has been unable to access the final stretch of the tunnel , where the antique locomotive supposedly rests .
The closure of the tunnel , Diamond and his supporters say , should serve as a lesson to modern New Yorkers not to sink their trust into greedy developers , and to hold politicians accountable for the destruction of public services .
As the story goes , a real estate developer in the mid-1800s had grand plans to re-create the Champs - Elysees along Atlantic Avenue .
He argued that to do so , he had to close the tunnel .
Local businesses invested in the plan , but after the tunnel was plugged , the Parisian - style street never came to be .
The real estate man vanished with investors ’ money , leaving the neighborhood served by the rail tunnel in the lurch .
Advertisement
“ Basically , we ’re standing inside a monument to 19th century political corruption , ” Keen says as a Sunday tour draws to a close .
Diamond says his battle to open the remainder of the tunnel is worth the headaches .
“ When people come down to the tunnel and they all say , ‘ Awesome , ’ or ‘ Oh , my God , ’ that ’s what makes me do it , ” Diamond says as he perches near the tunnel ’s mouth , waiting for another tour group to stream past him into the cavern .
--
Advertisement
tina.susman@latimes.com
Finally someone is going to test the Star Trek cannon ( that is ‘ cannon ’ with two n’s ) .
Mythbusters , the Discover Channel show that puts urban legends ( and TV & movie magic ) to the test , is finally going to take on Star Trek .
Specifically they are going to test the feasibility of the cannon that Captain James T. Kirk built to defeat the Gorn in the original series Star Trek episode " Arena "
Gorn Cannon !
In " Arena " Captain Kirk and a Gorn Captain are pulled off their ships by superbeings ( the Metrons ) and put onto a planet to fight it out old school .
Eventually Kirk finds the ingredients for gunpowder ( potassium nitrate , sulfur and coal ) and uses them to create a makeshift cannon from some kind of bamboo - like plant with diamonds as his projectile .
Here is the final scene :
The plausibility of this scene is certainly up for debate and had been submitted to Mythbusters for a test by a fan .
Yesterday Grant Imahara , one of the Mythbusters , reported ( on his Twitter page ) , that he was going to discuss the gorn cannon idea at a story meeting and he was watching “ Arena ” to get ready .
He later posted an image from the meeting ( see below ) .
Then , after the meeting he reported the good news :
YesssssKirk !!!
It ’s official .
# Gorncannon is a go for next season ’s Viewer ’s Special .
Thanks to all fans 4 your help ! :)
Today Imahara tweeted that he ordered a Starfleet uniform ( appropriately in science blue ) , and that the show ’s crash test dummy “ Buster ” will be getting a red shirt .
Grant Imahara pitches Gorn Cannon for Mythbusters
( photo : Grant Imahara )
The Mythbusters are actually experts in make - shift cannons , having created them from a variety of materials over the years .
Here are just a couple of examples : the first a cannon made out of a log , and the second is one using non-dairy creamer :
Fore more about Mythbusters , visit Discovery.com .
You can watch the entire episode of " Arena " online at YouTube .
Losers double down .
That ’s the classic trading rule which the USA is about to violate in an enormous way .
According to trading maven Dennis Gartman , one should “ never , ever , ever , under any circumstance , add to a losing position . ”
And yet that is what we are about to do .
To review : Former Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson made a terrible investment on behalf of the taxpayers by purchasing a 7.8 % stake in Citigroup ( C ) for an initial $ 25 billion dollars .
He further put the US on the hook by guaranteeing against 90 % of future losses on $ 301 billion in assets .
Subsequently , we ( the taxpayers ) injected another $ 20 billion dollars .
At the time , Citigroup had a market cap of about ~ $ 50 billion dollars .
Today , its worth ~ $ 13 billion .
So for about 100 % of the market value of Citi , plus insurance guarantees worth of as much as 500 % of its value ( ~$ 275 billion ) , we got less than 1/10 of a company that in total was worth 1/5 of our investment .
Pretty good deal , eh ?
That $ 45 billion dollar stake now has a market value of just over a billion .
And , its about to get even worse .
Rather than do what is the FDIC - mandated - by - law thing , we will instead convert the nearly worthless common into preferred shares .
The taxpayers stake will rise to near 40 % of Citigroup .
NYT :
“ Under the terms of the deal , the Treasury Department has agreed to convert up to $ 25 billion of its preferred stock investment in Citigroup into common stock .
It will convert its stake to the extent that Citigroup can persuade private investors , including several big foreign government investment funds , to do so alongside the government , two people close to the deal said . ”
What does this do for us ?
Well , the higher investment stake creates an enormous incentive for John Q. Public to continue to pour money into Citi , regardless of valuation .
The inept banking giant then has access to infinite amount of capital , courtesy of you , the 1040 filers .
Its just another example of why these insolvent banks should be nationalized , or for you squeemish free marketers , FDIC mandated , pre-packaged Chapter 11 , government funded reorganization .
If Obama continues to listen to the god-awful advice of Larry Summers and Tim Geithner , he will doom his presidency , and finsh marginally ahead of George W. Bush on the list of worst presidents .
This is not change we an believe in . . .
>
UPDATE : February 27 , 209 7:41am
Its a done deal Treasury Announces Participation in Citigroup ’s Exchange Offering
http://www.ustreas.gov/press/releases/tg41.htm
>
Previously :
The New N Word : Nationalization ( February 25th , 2009 )
http://www.ritholtz.com/blog/2009/02/nationalization-the-new-n-word/
DENNIS GARTMAN’S NOT-SO -SIMPLE RULES OF TRADING ( December 3rd , 2006 )
http://www.ritholtz.com/blog/2006/12/dennis-gartmans-not-so-simple-rules-of-trading/
Sources :
U.S. Is Said to Agree to Raise Stake in Citigroup
ERIC DASH
NYT February 27 , 2009
http://www.nytimes.com/2009/02/27/business/27deal.html
Citigroup to Be Asked by U.S. to Get Private Capital
Bradley Keoun and Rebecca Christie
Bloomberg , Feb. 27 2009
http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601087&sid=aHfixhywTZBQ&
If you write about the environment you become used to a measure of unfriendly criticism .
In the main , it ’s pretty innocuous stuff – charges of miserabilism and so on .
But since concentrating on the issue of human population growth , I have found the criticism noticeably darkening .
The other week , after helping to launch a campaign encouraging couples to “ stop at two ” ( children , that is ) , I received an email accusing me of “ real , hard - hitting fascism ” and adding : “ The Nazis . . . would be proud of you ! ”
This was nothing , however , compared t0 the hate mail I received when the organisation of which I am a part , the Optimum Population Trust , published a report arguing that , as human beings were the agents of climate change , one way of combating climate change would be to produce fewer new humans .
Population can arouse violent feelings .
Much of the hate mail originated from religious groups in the United States .
But the more recent message came from an academic address at Oxford .
Personally , I find it hard to conceive that an intelligent , acquisitive , expansive , territorial , aggressive and physically large species such as Homo sapiens could increase in numbers from 2.5 billion to 6.8 billion since 1950 and not cause an environmental crisis .
Moreover , I cannot see how , on top of the existing 6.8 billion , we can accommodate another 2.4 billion people over the next 40 years ( which is what the United Nations says we can expect ) without something to go seriously wrong on the earth .
Such views were once widespread but have become less so .
After making much of the running on population in the 1960s and early 1970s , green groups , for instance , have become wary of the issue .
The UK ’s best - known environmentalist , Jonathon Porritt ( see page 27 ) , a keen advocate of stopping at two , is among those critical of the green lobby ’s neglect of the population growth issue , describing it as gutless , wilfully ignorant and “ less than honest ” .
There are many who regard the silence of the greens on population as a shameful episode in the history of a movement that has done an enormous amount to change the world for the better .
One might cite a number of factors in mitigation , however .
The rise of the religious right , particularly in the US , has added to the ranks of those who believe that birth control infringes religious or political liberties – and in the process forged an unlikely holy alliance with Catholicism and Islam .
The excesses of state birth control programmes in India and China have left a residue of suspicion – although China ’s one - child policy has prevented the addition of 400 million to a population already facing environmental nightmare .
The burgeoning human rights agenda has , meanwhile , made all exercises of judgement over the lives of others potentially suspect .
So , aid - givers have lapsed into silence on population for fear of being labelled white imperialists .
To an extent , seeing , and experiencing , is believing .
In the UK , concern about population was at a peak in the postwar baby - boom decades , when family size was well above the replacement level of 2.1 and the effects of growth were plainly visible .
Domestically at least , a quieter demographic era then dawned : below - replacement family sizes , the expectation that the UK population would peak early this century and thereafter decline .
This comfortable vision of Britain is now history .
Under the impact of an upward twist in birth rates and record levels of immigration , which now accounts for over two - thirds of population increase , numbers are rising at rates not seen since the baby - boom days .
Government statisticians tell us that the UK ’s population , six or seven million in 1750 , 50 million in 1950 and 61 million today , will reach 85 million in 2081 , with no sign of levelling off .
And why should it , when we live in a globalised and globally warmed world with potentially millions of environmental refugees heading our way – making the British Isles , as the environmental guru James Lovelock puts it , one of the planet ’s lifeboats ?
Against this background , it is hardly surprising that the population issue has been reignited , at least at grass - roots level , as millions of us , particularly in the south - east of England , experience crowding and congestion every day and read in our newspapers , as we strap - hang on some packed commuter train , that it is going to get worse .
Last September , England was confirmed as the most densely populated of all the larger countries in the EU : only Malta is more crowded .
It is also not surprising that , among the political classes , the immigration component of population growth has led to silence on the issue as a whole – after all , who wants to be accused of racism ?
But never underestimate the power of cognitive dissonance : that human facility , only too familiar in matters of a green nature , to think one thing but do the opposite .
In this respect the Daily Mail , which fulminates against higher den­sities , but describes those in favour of limiting family size as green zealots , may be all too representative of Middle England .
Yet if the silence on population has lately begun to crumble somewhat under pressure from below , a larger question lies behind it .
How do we know that the world is overpopulated ?
Common sense might argue there must be a causal link between the loading of an extra four billion people into the biosphere in the second half of the 20th century and the contemporaneous appearance of severe ecological ills .
But common sense also argues that there is lots of land left in the world – think Canada , Siberia .
The contemporary environmentalist , meanwhile , will defend his silence on population by arguing that it is not human numbers that are the problem ; it is more about how those human beings live .
This employs the
I = P x A x T formula popularised by the population ecologist Paul Ehrlich , author of the 1968 classic The Population Bomb .
IPAT says human beings ’ impact is a product of their population numbers , multiplied by their affluence and their technology .
In other words , the more stuff you own and do , the more burdensome you are to Planet Earth .
The Guardian columnist George Monbiot recently argued that as global economic growth , before the credit crunch , was 3.8 per cent and population growth was 1.2 per cent , the affluence or consumption half of the equation bore twice [ sic ] as much responsibility for environmental damage as the population half .
The truth is far more complex – partly because the figures assume an exact equivalence between economic growth and human impact at variance with the facts .
Some of the ingredients of economic growth ( oil , mining ) have a great deal of environmental impact ; some ( financial services ) have much less .
Many human activities do not register in gross national product at all .
If I go for a walk in the park – or , for that matter , cut down a wild tree to use as firewood – I will be contributing to impact but not to economic growth .
This is more than scholasticism , however , because we are making value judgements about future human numbers all the time – whether we acknowledge it or not .
Faced with sub-replacement birth rates in many countries in the developed world and with talk of a “ birth dearth ” , for instance , many governments have begun to promote the economic benefit of women having more babies or of higher immigration as a means of paying for our pensions .
You hear less of this in the UK since the idea was rubbished by the Pensions Commission , but it is a remarkably durable piece of mythology that carries startling demographic implications .
Since new arrivals grow old and then require pensions themselves , you need an ever - growing population to keep the “ support ratio ” between workers and non-workers the same .
To maintain the present support ratio in the UK , for example , would demand a national population of 136 million in 2050 – more than double the current number .
Is that too many ?
Most of us would think so – including , apparently , the new immigration minister , Phil Woolas , who said last year that Britain required a population policy , and that the government would n’t “ allow ” the population to reach 70 million ( we ’re on target to hit that in 2028 ) .
But explaining why it might be too many is a different matter .
It is not easy to determine the “ carrying capacity ” of a place – whether it be the United Kingdom or the planet .
The American population scientist Joel Cohen asked , in his 1995 book of the same title : how many people can the earth support ?
But he could not answer his own question , though he noted that the carrying capacity of the number of human beings the earth could support had ranged over the past three centuries from half a billion to more than a thousand billion .
Ecological footprinting
Since the publication of Cohen ’s book , however , a new methodology – “ ecological footprinting ” – has emerged and this is providing a higher level of consistency .
Ecological footprinting measures national and global biological productive capacity ( the stuff we live off ) against human demand ( the “ footprint ” ) .
The resulting data takes both population and consumption into account and provides what many regard as the best guide yet to measuring sustainability .
It has been reported that , at the current rates of consumption , the world can support only five billion people .
This means the planet is already overpopulated by nearly two billion .
Given that the new science of ecological footprinting has borne out what common sense was suggesting as far back as the 1960s , it ’s probably a good job we have n’t all waited for proof .
In 2007 , 69 out of 195 countries had policies to lower population growth , compared with 39 in the mid-1970s .
This included 70 per cent of the less developed countries : 34 out of 53 African states , for example .
And there have been some remarkable , and unexpected , success stories – not least Iran , which decided after a census in 1987 that population growth was holding back development and , between 1988 and 2000 , reduced its fertility rate from 5.2 children per family to a below - replacement level of two .
Thailand cut fertility rates from 6.3 in 1967 to 1.7 in 2003 .
Many other states have reduced their birth rates at a speed comparable to China but without coercion .
They include Costa Rica , Cuba , Mexico , Morocco , South Korea , Sri Lanka , Taiwan , Tunisia , Vietnam and India ( the southern states ) .
Half a century after the first population and family planning programmes began , the ingredients of success are well established : strong government support , often through explicit population policies ; partnership with NGOs ; an emphasis on women ’s status , rights and education ; education on sex and relationships ; and , above all , the ready availability of contraceptives – supplied in Iran , for example , by a nationwide network of “ health houses ” .
Yet more than 200 million women worldwide lack access to contraception , and international spending on family planning – partly because of anti-abortion policies adopted by the Bush administration in the US – has recently been in steep decline .
Given that even the UN middle - range world population projection of 9.2 billion by 2050 assumes a further drop in birth rates of up to 46 per cent , this is worrying indeed .
Without reductions in fertility , the UN says , we could be nearing 12 billion in 2050 .
How to make a difference
Oddly , in a world of large populations , small decisions do make a difference .
If every woman had half a child less than currently projected , for example , the world population would be 7.8 billion in 2050 – 1.4 billion fewer people , or roughly one China less .
In the UK , meanwhile , if the 26 per cent of women currently expected to have three or more children were to limit themselves to two , our mid-century population would be cut by an estimated seven million – enough to return an area the size of Wales back to nature or food production .
Would that be a good thing ?
If you are concerned about other species or that nebulous but powerful grouping of ideas we label “ the wild ” , yes .
But even from a brutally anthropocentric standpoint , it has a certain logic .
Footprint data suggests that , based on current lifestyles , the sustainable population of the UK – the number of people we could feed , fuel and support from our own biological capacity – is about 18 million .
There are thus 43 million “ too many ” of us , all reliant on the outside world for sustenance .
In an era of impending shortages – of food , oil , gas , water – does that not seem a little risky ?
The UK has no population policy – despite ranking in the top 20 of the most overpopulated countries , judging by the standard above .
If we had such a policy , it would need to address immigration as well as birth rates – a good enough reason , cynics might think , for politicians to forget the whole idea .
It would also need to address a further vexed issue – what numbers are sustainable and what are desirable ?
Environmental orthodoxy treats population and consumption as two factors in an equation , and thus accepts , by implication , that both are important , but concentrates on one ( consumption ) while ignoring the other ( population ) .
This not only compounds errors in analysis with errors of logic : it has had intangible but far - reaching effects , not least in giving environmentalists a reputation as killjoys , forever telling us what not to consume and making calculations of sustainability seem dour technical exercises in survivalism .
Both tendencies have damaged the wider green mission .
But there is another way of looking at the numbers question , one that goes beyond sustainability and perhaps bears more directly on what it is to be human .
Consider two Planet Earths – one of nine billion people with x amount of “ consumption ” , the other of one billion with 9x consumption .
Bear in mind that the world of nine billion may be more inventive , but also more pressured and stressful , less spacious .
Bear in mind particularly that often , by “ consumption ” , we mean activities which for many people , laudably or not , make life worth living – holidays , hobbies , travel , freedom to choose .
In the modern environmentalist ’s formulation , both worlds are the same .
In practice , they are not ; there are choices to be made .
Should n’t we be making them , and urgently ?
www.optimumpopulation.org
Click here for statements from the three main political parties in Britain on population and immigration
My boyhood chum Paul Simcoe emailed me last week to sing the praises of the new Gordon Gano and the Ryans album Under the Sun.
Paul and I grew up together , raised on the Violent Femmes ( Gano 's earlier band ) , and now that Paul 's running Toronto 's most excellent Criminal Records , he 's a real treasure - house of kick - ass music suggestions .
Though the album is n't due out until Sept 1 , Yep Roc , Gano 's label , was kind enough to send me the album in MP3 form , and I 've been seriously rocking to it ever since .
It reminds me most of the Violent Femmes ' underrated third album , The Blind Leading the Naked , with its mix of jangly , upbeat pop songs , semi-serious religious themes , and a few slow numbers that are more reminiscent of the track Good Feelings from the Femmes ' eponymous debut album .
My standouts from this disc are Man in the Sand , Oholah Oholibah , Red , and Wave and Water , whose video was just released on YouTube ( see above ) .
I do n't usually review stuff far in advance of release date , but Under the Sun was worth jumping the gun for ; I 've scheduled this post to run again at the beginning of September to remind you that the disc is out .
Gordon Gano & The Ryans ( Yep Roc )
( Thanks , Paul ! )
I 'm actually proud of my fellow ex-Miamian .
He did a stand up job of placing the blame where it lies .
Nowadays , it ’s rare when a videogame console manages to sell at a profit rather than a loss .
Many of you may remember the days of when game consoles were priced as high as $ 500 simply because that ’s how much they cost to build .
It made absolutely no sense from a business standpoint to do otherwise .
[ shal ]
Sony [ / shal ] , however , forever changed the playing field with their first game console , the [ shal ] PlayStation [ / shal ] .
Though manufacturing costs were reportedly much higher , they ate the upfront losses ( much to the horror of their competition ) and attempted to make their money back through software licensing .
It worked , and it worked very well .
Sorry , [ shal ] Sega [ / shal ] .
As with the PS1 and PS2 , Sony is ensuring that the PS3 , which cost over $ 800 to manufacture when it was launched in late 2006 , will soon be profitable at retail .
Based on information provided by Sony CFO Nobuyuki Oneda , PlayStation 3 costs roughly $ 420 to manufacture , which is a mere $ 40 loss when sold to retail .
PS3s are sold for approximately $ 380 , and tagged with an MSRP of $ 400 .
This is incredible , especially when you consider that Sony ’s manufacturing geniuses have cut the console ’s production costs by nearly 60 % within the past two and a half years .
As PS3 sales continue to climb , SCE ’s profits should experience a significant boost , and it ’s partially thanks to smart manufacturing .
But as you may have heard , there may be even bigger drops in PS3 costs in the near future .
Source : Times reporting , California Department of Finance , Legislative Analyst's Office | Credit : David Lauter and Evan Halper | Flash : Sean Connelley
This feature requires that JavaScript be enabled and the Flash plug - in be installed .
Newsletter
The stories shaping California
Get up to speed with our Essential California newsletter , sent six days a week .
Enter Email Address Sign Me Up
You may occasionally receive promotional content from the Los Angeles Times .
We live in a very competitive world , and this is apparent in the video game industry where publishers and developers are constantly trying to get a leg up on their competition , whether it ’s through clever marketing or brilliant feats of engineering .
But what is NOT acceptable is when a publisher or developer uses bribes to gain an advantage .
[ shal ]
Che Chou[ / shal ] , the community manager at Turn 10 , has done exactly this , and we feel compelled to inform our readers about the dishonest tactics that the [ shal ] Forza [ / shal ]
Motorsport developer has chosen to carry out .
Here is Chou ’s post on the Forza forums :
“ Hey all .
Apparently , CNET.com is having a face - off between Forza and GT .
We all know which game is we ’d like to see win , so go here : http://reviews.cnet.com/8301-13746_7-10256571-48.html
And vote for Forza Motorsport 3 !
Afterwards , come to this thread and post a message letting us know you ’ve done it .
We ’ll gift you a random unicorn !
It ’s that easy .
Do it now ! ”
So what ’s a “ unicorn ” ?
It ’s a very rare type of car in Forza 2 that can only be found in the game ’s Auction House .
Some of them are sold for millions of credits , and are comprised of a handful of vehicles , including the 2005 Lotus Exige Espionage , and 2000 Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution VI TME .
So the fact that Turn 10 is giving these out for free to users who vote for Forza over [ shal ] Gran Turismo [ / shal ] in CNET ’s poll is a very big deal .
You can check out the Forza bribery forum thread here , where you can literally see feedback on how the poll ’s results steadily turned in favor of Forza 3 .
Here are just a few of the comments you can find from the thread ’s posters .
MorroidaZico :
“ Done voting for Forza .
But man , honestly , us Forza lovers know how better Forza is as a game , but for those who have no idea what a racing simultator is or what the two franchises are all about , the GT video looks a lot more appealing . ”
LightnigWarr :
“ Ha ha , you ’re bribing us with a nice car ….
I like it . ”
Trystan Spyder :
“ What are we basing these votes on ?
I ’m not sure CNET would be happy to know that the developer of Forza were bribing people for votes . ”
Lnin0 :
“ I voted Forza 3 but I have to say based on the trailers GT looks more impressive . ”
Here ’s what we ’d like to know at PSLS :
What ’s your opinion on this matter ?
Is it fair to give out freebies in order to skew poll results ?
Let us know in the comment section below .
Loyalist paramilitaries have begun to decommission their weapons , according to the Belfast Telegraph .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
According to senior loyalist sources the UVF has carried out a significant act of decommissioning while the UDA has either made a start to the process or is set to do so imminently .
And it is understood that other loyalist groups were well - advanced in preparation to hand over their weapons .
The move – four years after the IRA announced it was giving up its armoury – comes ahead of Secretary of State Shaun Woodward ’s August deadline for significant progress on loyalist arms .
A spokeman for Mr Woodward today told the Belfast Telegraph : “ The Secretary of State can not confirm or deny these reports .
It is for General de Chastelain to report on these matters .
But if these reports are accurate it has demonstrated that the Secretary of State ’s policy of firmness with clarity and an understanding of how results could be achieved has worked . ”
General John de Chastelain and colleagues from the Independent International Commission on Decommisioning ( IICD ) arrived in Belfast last week .
One source said the General was in contact with loyalists yesterday , but there is no confirmation of this .
A spokesman for the IICD was unavailable for comment .
It is understood that loyalist leaders have yet to tell rank - and - file members of the move .
“ This has remained within a small exclusive group , ” one loyalist told this newspaper .
Five Easy Annuals from Seed for Late Season Color
As the warm temperatures and sunny skies of summer bring my borders into full bloom I am thinking ahead to late summer and early fall when my borders will begin to decline as both annuals and perennials have spent their energies on their beautiful blooms and prepare for winter .
If I plant some seeds of annuals in early July I can fill in gradually as plants poop out and maintain a full , bountiful look until I want embrace the fall look with mums and pansies .
Here are my picks .
Since time is probably of the essence I am only including plants the seeds of which are available in local garden centers , germinate quickly , and are easy to grow .
I use 6 - packs that I have saved from my spring buying and usually plant a couple of large seeds or a tiny sprinkling of fine seeds in each cell .
Sweet Alyssum ( Lobularia maritime ) : I love this plant in the spring but it ca n’t take the heat here in zone 7 of the North Carolina Piedmont and poops out during the spring .
It will often reseed itself but not always so I like to have a supply of them to fill in for the portulaca that fades by late August in my garden .
The sweet alyssum comes in white , purple , or pink .
Cosmos ( Cosmos sulpureus ) :
These are the shorter cosmos ( about 2 ’ ) that come in yellow , gold and orange .
They can be grown for early bloom but will decline by mid summer .
If started in July they will provide bloom well into fall .
Cockscomb ( Celosia argentea var . cristata )
There are four groups but the ones that are easiest to find in seed packs at local garden centers are those that have feathery plumose spike flowers and those that have colored brain - like flowers .
I always grow the plumose kind and find that they often reseed .
They come in yellow , gold , red , and orange so they fit in well with fall coloration .
Zinnia ( Zinnia elegans ) :
There are many different zinnias but you are most likely to find the seeds for tall ones with either large or small flowers .
They come in red , pink , yellow , orange , white , lavender , and green .
There are short zinnias ( 10 ” ) but I have not had much luck finding the seed in stores .
Marigold ( Tagetes spp ) :
There are many different kinds of marigolds and even a plant snob can find one that would be pleasing in a late summer , early fall garden .
Avoid putting them with red salvia and they will take on a whole new life .
Plants may be tall or short , orange , yellow , or a combination of orange with red accents .
These are wonderful harbingers of fall .
Start seeds of these plants and you will have an easy and cheap way to extend the life of your garden .
The yellow , orange , and purple colors of the flowers will bring colors that look toward fall and provide a good transition from summer .
I read this Scientology fundraising letter for one of their front groups which includes the standard pitch for donations to keep fighting the evil psychs but I was surprised to see a shout - out to major corporate sponsors .
Do these companies know that they are forwarding Scientology ’s agenda of destroying psychiatry ?
Dear ____ ,
Summer is once again upon us and it is Ablechild ’s 5th year participating in the New Canaan , CT Chamber of Commerce Sidewalk Sale .
This year we ’d like to do things a bit different and want to include our members and supporters nationwide .
Typically , Patty Weathers and I sweat it out from 8 am to 5 pm setting up Ablechild ’s tent , running a game for children to play for dollar donations , and holding an auction and raffle .
We do this in order to keep Ablechild ’s work moving forward .
The community sidewalk sale also gives Ablechild the opportunity to warn parents early by disseminating information regarding the labeling and drugging of children by schools and medical practitioners .
We have continued to do this on a shoestring budget year after year .
With your help and participation in the virtual sidewalk sale , together we can make an even bigger difference .
Much more funding is needed to help us reach out to more parents and children and work on ensuring their rights to full informed consent .
With that said , our plan is simple :
Let ’s see how much we can raise before 5 pm on July 18 , 2009 starting now .
At the sidewalk sale we will be asking for $ 2 for children to play a toss game for a prize .
Wanna play a few games ?
Donate Now !
If you can make a donation of any size , we would greatly appreciate it !
Check out the recent debate on CNN regarding this issue .
We would like to acknowledge and thank our corporate contributors ( Smith & Hawkins , J. Crew , Wal - Mart and Microsoft Corporation ) for supporting our efforts to make a difference on this issue .
If you would like to become a corporate contributor , call Ablechild at 203-594-1700 .
Thank you all for your continued support !
Respectfully ,
Sheila Matthews
Ablechild Co-Founder
Copyright 2001 - 2007 Ablechild ( Parents for Label and Drug Free Education ) .
All rights reserved .
Ablechild is a nonprofit , tax - exempt , Section 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) charitable organization , and donations are deductible under the provisions of the IRS Tax Code .
Ablechild and the Ablechild logo is a Trademark of Ablechild , Inc .
The hormone should be used only for genuine medical reasons such as growth disorders or dwarfism .
It is subsidised on the Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme only for such conditions , but parents with healthy children are rorting the system .
Professor Ken
Ho , chairman of the department of endocrinology at St Vincent 's Hospital , said he knew of numerous short children with normal hormone levels who had been given HGH to boost height .
" People increasingly want their kids to be taller , stronger , more beautiful than somebody else 's and that 's why growth hormones are being sought out , " he said .
" Parents do n't want their children to be the shortest in the class .
I see a lot of parents who see me for a second opinion about the risks and benefits of this treatment and I tell them their child does not need this . "
Two prominent Melbourne hormone specialists confirmed the trend and said unscrupulous doctors were also spruiking the drug to parents who viewed shortness as a " social disadvantage " .
Professor
Ho - who said he had been " inundated " with anxious parents given the drug for their children without good reason - warned misuse could have serious side effects .
" Long - term use can lead to disfiguration of the body because it stimulates the growth of all tissues , including bone , " he said .
The revelations come after a Sun-Herald investigation last week revealed the drug is being widely prescribed by anti-ageing clinics to middle - aged men who want to look and feel younger .
Human growth hormone is released by the brain 's pituitary gland and promotes growth during adolescence .
The synthetic form of the hormone must be injected daily and costs up to $ 200 a week .
Professor George Werther , a pediatric endocrinologist at the Royal Children 's Hospital in Melbourne , said : " The average short kid with short parents may only gain three or four centimetres .
That equates to about $ 30,000 for each centimetre , which is a lot of taxpayers ' money for something fairly questionable . "
He said the hospital provided counselling for families and children affected by short stature .
The head of the Australian Childhood Foundation , Joe Tucci , said parents who used human growth hormone to make healthy children taller could cause psychological and physical harm .
" It gives the child the perception that if they 're short they 're not as good as other children , " he said .
Goofs
When Lyn McAdams walks through the door of his room after winning the rifle and he is jumped by Dutch Henry Brown , as they struggle on the floor you can see the rifle bend , showing that it is just a rubber prop .
See more
Rather , it ’s more like a grand version of what the Fed does every Christmas season .
The Fed always puts more currency into circulation during this prime shopping period because people demand it , and then withdraws the “ excess ” currency in January .
True inflation hawks worry about that last step .
( Did someone say , “ Bah , humbug ” ? )
Will the Fed really withdraw all those reserves fast enough as the financial storm abates ?
If not , we could indeed experience inflation .
Although the Fed is not infallible , I ’d make three important points :

The possibilities for error are two - sided .
Yes , the Fed might err by withdrawing bank reserves too slowly , thereby leading to higher inflation .
But it also might err by withdrawing reserves too quickly , thereby stunting the recovery and leading to deflation .
I fail to see why advocates of price stability should worry about one sort of error but not the other .

The Fed is well aware of the exit problem .
It is planning for it , is competent enough to carry out its responsibilities and has committed itself to an inflation target of just under 2 percent .
Of course , none of that assures us that the Fed will hit the bull ’s - eye .
It might miss and produce , say , inflation of 3 percent or 4 percent at the end of the crisis  but not 8 or 10 percent .

The Fed will start the exit process when the economy is still below full employment and inflation is below target .
So some modest rise in inflation will be welcome .
The Fed wo n’t have to clamp down hard .
SKEPTICAL ?
Then let ’s see what the bond market vigilantes really think .
The market ’s implied forecast of future inflation is indicated by the difference between the nominal interest rates on regular Treasury debt and the corresponding real interest rates on Treasury Inflation Protected Securities , or TIPS .
These estimates change daily .
But on Friday , the five - year expected inflation rate was about 1.6 percent and the 10 - year expected rate was about 1.9 percent .
Notice that the latter matches the Fed ’s inflation target .
I do n’t think that ’s a coincidence .
But if the inflation outlook is so benign , why have Treasury borrowing rates skyrocketed in the last few months ?
Is it because markets fear that the Fed will lose control of inflation ?
I think not .
Rising Treasury rates are mainly a return to normalcy .
HOME I ABOUT I 2020 ELECTIONS I RETENTION I MAPS I IL COURTS I CONTACT I ICJL.ORG I I CONTACT THE ILLINOIS CIVIL JUSTICE LEAGUE IllinoisJudges.net is a judicial education project of the The Illinois Civil Justice League .
E- Mail : info@icjl.org Phone Numbers : 312 .925.9092 Mailing Address : Illinois Civil Justice League
110 Schiller Street , Suite 207
Elmhurst , IL 60106 Copyright 2020 - A project of the Illinois Civil Justice League
When I started cycling in London eight years ago I felt I was virtually the only one , battling for space with taxis and buses .
It was a fight with few allies .
Today , things are very different – I 'm one of the pack surging away at the traffic lights .
Official figures show more miles were travelled by bike in 2008 than for each year since 1992 .
Cycling has almost doubled on London 's main roads in nine years and increased by 30 - 50 % in cities such as Bristol , Leicester and Leeds .
But it 's really remarkable that despite the increase in cycling , casualties suffered by cyclists are still down by around a third .
To anyone who does n't cycle this might seem a bit odd .
Should n't more cyclists mean more crashes and injuries ?
As those who cycle will know , however , the more cyclists there are the safer it will be for everyone .
CTC ( the UK's national cycling organisation ) found that the same phenomenon occurs if you examine different areas within the UK .
Cambridge , where a quarter of people cycle to work , or York where it is about one in eight , have a much lower risk of injury for cyclists than places where you hardly ever see a cyclist on the streets .
Why does this " safety in numbers " effect occur ?
The vast majority of cyclist injuries result from crashes with motor vehicles , and most of these appear to be primarily because the driver " looked but did not see " .
Cyclists ( and motorcyclists ) have even given this type of crash a name – Smidsy , an acronym for the drivers ' refrain , " Sorry , mate , I did n't see you ! "
These type of crashes start to decrease as cycling levels rise .
Take the hypothetical case of Bob the Driver , who last rode a bike when he was still in school uniform .
Bob drives up to a junction with a major road , glances right and , not seeing anything car - shaped , pulls out into the path of the " unseen " cyclist .
Crash and injury result .
If , as Bob approached the junction , there was a stream of cyclists crossing in front of him , he probably wo n't make the same mistake .
As more people cycle , one of the new cyclists may be one of Bob 's relatives or friends , or even Bob himself .
When riding a bike he is less likely to pose a risk to others than when he is driving – and more likely to understand cyclists ' needs .
Even though cycling gets less risky at the same time as more people taking up cycling , there may come a point where the overall number of injuries to cyclists actually increases .
There are far more people killed cycling in the Netherlands than in the UK , for example , even though the population is smaller .
But the Dutch cycle ten times further than here , and the risk per mile is substantially lower .
After years of badgering , the government has finally agreed to present casualty data as risk per mile rather than numbers of injuries and deaths .
At a population level , of course , not - cycling is far more dangerous than cycling .
The life expectancy of non-cyclists tends to be two years shorter , with 39 % higher all - cause mortality than cyclists .
But most people still associate cycling with danger .
This is partly because this seems to be the main message of government and local authority advertising .
I 'm often told I 'm brave to ride a bike but few people consider it brave to get out into the garden and do a bit of weeding .
Yet in reality this is a more dangerous activity than getting on two wheels .
An hour spent gardening is more likely to result in injury than the same time spent cycling .
So remember , next time you step outside to clip the hedge , beware of the risks you are running !
• Chris Peck is the CTC 's policy coordinator .
The CTC is a national cycling organisation .
The Royal Society of Chemistry announced today that it has acquired ChemSpider , heralding a breakthrough investment for the organisation and for the Chemistry Community .
This acquisition reflects RSC 's commitment to providing access to rich resources of chemistry data and information .
This complements RSC 's existing leading role in online chemistry , including award - winning semantic mark - up technology and the release of the InChI resolver , recently launched in partnership with ChemSpider .
Dr Richard Pike and Dr Antony Williams
" What originally started as a hobby project to give back something to the chemistry community has become one of the primary internet resources for Chemistry .
And this from home built computers in a basement , with no funding and a team of volunteers .
With the resources , reputation and vision of the RSC to support ChemSpider our long term goal is to deliver the primary online platform where chemists will resource information and collaborate with a worldwide community of scientists . "
ChemSpider is a free online service providing a structure centric community for chemists .
Providing access to almost 21.5 million unique chemical entities sourced from over 200 different data sources and integration to a multitude of other online services , ChemSpider is the richest single source of structure - based chemistry information .
Alan McNaught , Coordinator of the IUPAC International Chemical Identifier project , supports RSC 's commitment to expand this important online resource , ' I am immensely pleased that ChemSpider 's ground - breaking initiative , developed on a wing and a prayer and much individual goodwill , is now supported by the most innovative of national Chemical Societies ' .
Antony Williams
PhD , the original host of ChemSpider , is excited by the new possibilities , " What originally started as a hobby project to give back something to the chemistry community has become one of the primary internet resources for Chemistry .
And this from home built computers in a basement , with no funding and a team of volunteers .
With the resources , reputation and vision of the RSC to support ChemSpider our long term goal is to deliver the primary online platform where chemists will resource information and collaborate with a worldwide community of scientists . "
RSC has acquired ChemSpider to fulfil its strategic objective of disseminating knowledge to the chemical community and advancing the chemical sciences .
In partnership , RSC and ChemSpider will provide innovative services on a reliable infrastructure to service the chemical community and bring new , exciting opportunities for publishing and cheminformatics that will radically improve the online research environment .
The ChemSpider development team will continue to be located in the USA and the ChemSpider website will be re-launched later in the year .
Astronomers have believed for a long time that only the more massive stars , from about the same mass of our Sun upwards , could host an exoplanet system .
The main considerate for this was size , as the researchers inferred that only a star with a large mass could give birth to planets around it .
However , a recent find , made via a process called astrometry , shows that Jupiter - sized planets can exist even around the smallest and least intense stars in the Universe , a discovery that really puzzles astronomers .
“ This is an exciting discovery because it shows that planets can be found around extremely lightweight stars .
This is a hint that nature likes to form planets , even around stars very different from the sun , ” the NASA Exoplanet Exploration Program Chief Scientist Wesley Traub , from the agency 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory ( JPL ) , in Pasadena , California , said of the new find .
“ This method [ astrometry ] is optimal for finding solar - system configurations like ours that might harbor other Earths .
We found a Jupiter - like planet at around the same relative place as our Jupiter , only around a much smaller star .
It 's possible this star also has inner rocky planets .
And since more than seven out of 10 stars are small like this one , this could mean planets are more common than we thought , ” JPL team member Steven Pravdo added , quoted by Space .
The measuring technique was first proposed more than half a century ago , but wielding it has proven to be extremely demanding , even for the best prepared professionals .
Basically , in this method , telescopes analyze and measure a certain star , and wait until they see minute variations in its luminosity .
When this happens , experts know that it could mean an exoplanet moved between the telescope and the star .
However , it takes a long time to use this method , and it often fails .
As proof , this is the first exoplanet found using it , but astrophysicists say it was worth the wait .
The planetary system is located just 20 light - years away , in the Constellation Aquila .
Exoplanet VB 10 b has been labeled as a “ cold Jupiter , ” which means that it orbits its parent star ( VB 10 ) at about the same distance Jupiter orbits the Sun .
However , astronomers have determined that the exoplanet is , in fact , six times the size of Jupiter and that , most likely , the temperatures on it are fairly high , on account of the fact that the gas giant creates heat of its own .
“ Other known exoplanets around larger M - dwarf stars are also similar to our Jupiter , making the stars fertile ground for future Earth searches .
Astrometry is best suited to find cold Jupiters around all kinds of stars , and thus to find more planetary systems arranged like our home , ” Stuart Shaklan , who is also a JPL team member , concluded .
It is summer now , I think we can all agree .
It 's time for waterpark visits and novel - reading on the grass .
I just finished reading Moby - Dick for the first time , what a strange book .
In spite of being fairly well - informed about the book 's odd novel / allegory / informational tract about whales structure I was still consistently surprised by it .
I got the itch to read Moby - Dick after we watched Star Trek II , so now clearly the only way to bring it full - circle is to find the Patrick Stewart - as - Ahab TV movie ... The shot above is the Bean in Chicago .
You can see some other tour photos here
The July 10 entry in the official Studio Ghibli blog , " Itsumo no Ghibli Nikki " ( " The Habitual Ghibli Diary " ) , has revealed the studio's plans to open its next theatrical feature film next year .
The studio's last feature film , Ponyo , opened in Japanese theaters last July .
Studio Ghibli has been producing a feature - length film every two years since 2002's The Cat Returns .
Before that , studio co-founder Hayao Miyazaki directed Spirited Away in 2001 , and fellow co-founder Isao Takahata directed My Neighbors the Yamadas in 1999 .
A November 27 , 2008 blog entry had reported that Miyazaki discussed plans for two feature - length films over the next three years with his studio staffers .
According to the entry , Miyazaki had emphasized that the two new feature - length works will have young staffers at their core .
The studio is already working on a new short for the Ghibli Museum .
Ponyo will open in North American theaters on August 14 .
Source : Nausicaa.net
Unbeknownst to me until a short time ago , National Doughnut Day is tomorrow , June 5 .Â
In celebration of this holiday and people getting fatter , the two titans of the industry , Dunkinâ€™ Donuts and Krispy Kreme , are giving away a free doughnut to all customers .
Â
The only difference is that you have to buy something to drink to get your freebie from DD .Â
Freeloaders , start forming those lines !Â
It has always amazed me what people will do for free food â€ “ in this case wait for possibly hours for a $ 3 item .
Ahh , America .
It also begs the question â€ “ if you had to go to one place â€ “ which would it be , Dunkinâ€ ™ or KK ? Â
Make your case in the comments .
H/t to Pop Candy for the tip . Â
And who can forget this ?
Bill Kristol provides a curtain - raiser for a Cheney speech next week that promises to entrench the notion that the Republican party is the Torture Party .
As always , Kristol 's sole principle seems to be the wielding of power .
He , like Cheney , is beginning to understand that history is beginning to gel around the assumption that the Bush - Cheney administration presided over the worst attack on US soil in history and failed to capture or bring to justice any of its perpetrators , put the next generation into unparalleled and unsustainable debt , did nothing to combat climate change , viciously opposed the civil rights movement of its time , shrunk the GOP to one in five voters , precipitated the worst recession since the 1930s , took the US into two grueling , unwinnable wars , humiliated the US at the UN with fatally flawed intelligence for war in Iraq , and destroyed the credibility and endurance of the Geneva Conventions , thus ensuring that future captured Americans will be tortured with no recourse .
What to do about this ?
Do a self - accounting ?
Figure out how these appalling errors were made ?
Apologize ?
Nah :
An intelligent and knowledgeable advocate -- even if he 's personally not so popular - - can do a lot to get an issue front and center .
And the debate of that issue can do political damage to the existing administration and its congressional allies .
The real question any Republican strategist should ask himself is this :
What will Republican chances be in 2012 if voters do n't remember the Bush administration -- however problematic in other areas -- as successful in defending the country after 9/11 ?
To give this issue away would be to accept a post - Herbert - Hoover - like - fate for today 's GOP .
That 's why Republicans should listen carefully when Cheney gives a speech this week in which he 'll lay out the case for the surveillance , detention , and interrogation policies of the Bush administration in the war against terror .
An exhibit at the Kennedy Space Center Visitors Complex called “ Exploration in the New Millennium ” was closed for renovation on a recent visit : an allegory for NASA ’s human spaceflight plans at this time ?
( credit : J. Foust ) Waiting for Augustine
Now than one major uncertainty regarding NASA — who will lead the organization — has been resolved with the nomination just over a week ago of Charles Bolden , those involved with or otherwise interested in civil space can turn their attention to another uncertainty : the Review of Human Space Flight Plans , more commonly called simply the “ Augustine panel ” after its chairman , former Lockheed Martin CEO Norm Augustine .
The White House announced the formation of the panel on May 7 , the same day it released its detailed fiscal year 2010 budget proposal for NASA , with the goal of “ ensuring that the nation is on a vigorous and sustainable path to achieving its boldest aspirations in space . ”
Since that announcement , and a brief press conference the following day , there ’s been virtually no additional information about the panel released by the administration .
Augustine has talked with members of Congress , but has largely remained out of sight of the media and the public in the intervening three and a half weeks .
An exception is an interview he did last week with Aerospace Daily and Defense Report , where he said that he did n’t want any “ zealots ” on the panel .
“ By zealot I mean somebody who ’s made up their mind and is just interested in selling their position , because that ’s not our role , ” he explained .
“ Our role is to listen and weigh . ”
Augustine said he wants no “ zealots ” on his panel .
“ By zealot I mean somebody who ’s made up their mind and is just interested in selling their position , because that ’s not our role , ” he explained .
“ Our role is to listen and weigh . ”
While there ’s no formal announcement of who will be on the panel , the Orlando Sentinel published last Thursday a list of seven people likely to be on it .
( The Sentinel added an eighth , former astronaut Leroy Chiao , the next day . )
Many of the names are not surprising : Lester Lyles , for example , served on the President ’s Commission on Implementation of United States Space Exploration Policy , better known as the Aldridge Commission after its chairman , five years ago ; Sally Ride has served on a number of panels over the years , including the investigations into the Challenger and Columbia accidents .
Others have long backgrounds in industry or academia .
One name that stood out , though , was Jeff Greason , the president of XCOR Aerospace .
He is best known , beyond his work running his small but growing NewSpace company , as a leading advocate for the emerging personal spaceflight industry , including the development of a regulatory environment that wo n’t stifle the industry .
Perhaps his closest link to a panel like this was as a witness at one of the public hearings held by the Aldridge Commission .
That choice , if indeed true , makes Greason ’s speech last Thursday at the National Space Society ’s International Space Development Conference ( ISDC ) in Orlando all the more interesting .
Greason was one of the plenary speakers that morning — a few hours before the Sentinel published its list — on a commercial track that also included FAA associate administrator for commercial space transportation George Nield and Virgin Galactic president Will Whitehorn .
And while his speech was primarily focused on XCOR ’s development work , he did take some time to talk about the relevance of civil space and its relationship with the commercial sector .
“ There ’s been a lot of discussion over the years about what NASA is doing and what NASA should so , but there ’s a question that gets asked far too seldom , which is why do we have NASA ? ” he said , noting that his comments were solely his own opinions .
“ Why do we have a civil space program at all ?
What ’s it for ?
Any discussion about what NASA should do or how it should do it — which is the thing we all do talk about a lot — presupposes an agreement on why we are doing it at all that I do n’t think exists . ”
The closest thing NASA has to a real mission statement , he said , is a list of objectives contained in the National Aeronautics and Space Act , the legislation that created NASA in 1958 .
He singled out in particular the first five on that list in the act : ( 1 ) The expansion of human knowledge of the Earth and of phenomena in the atmosphere and space ; ( 2 ) The improvement of the usefulness , performance , speed , safety , and efficiency of aeronautical and space vehicles ; ( 3 ) The development and operation of vehicles capable of carrying instruments , equipment , supplies , and living organisms through space ; ( 4 ) The establishment of long - range studies of the potential benefits to be gained from , the opportunities for , and the problems involved in the utilization of aeronautical and space activities for peaceful and scientific purposes ; ( 5 ) The preservation of the role of the United States as a leader in aeronautical and space science and technology and in the application thereof to the conduct of peaceful activities within and outside the atmosphere ;
While the origins of NASA date back to the Cold War - fueled space race between the US and the Soviet Union , Greason said these statements do “ wrap around a key set of central objectives for NASA that makes sense ” even today .
“ There is an infinitely large number of ways that you can go about exploring , ” said Greason , “ but there is not an infinitely large subset of those ways which not only result in exploration , but would also result in a path left behind … and things being done in a way that the nation and the world can make use of what we have found . ”
Something lost in the debate of what NASA should be doing , he explained , is why and how it can better benefit the nation as a whole .
Arguments between whether the government or private sector is better suited to perform particular tasks “ totally misses the point that they are two halves of a common goal , ” he said .
That is , he said , because the exploration part of NASA ’s mission helps the country prosper ( as exploration has helped other civilizations prosper in the past ) , but only if people can do something with the knowledge gained from such exploration .
“ That is the one thing we have lost sight of in our civil space program , and that ’s the why we do what we do , ” he said .
“ There is an infinitely large number of ways that you can go about exploring , but there is not an infinitely large subset of those ways which not only result in exploration , but would also result in a path left behind … and things being done in a way that the nation and the world can make use of what we have found . ”
Jeff Greason of XCOR Aerospace talks about the relationship between civil and commercial space programs at the ISDC on May 28 .
( credit : J. Foust )
Other reactions , from A to Z Other speakers at the ISDC addressed the Augustine panel and its task head - on .
Geoffrey Yoder , director of the Constellation Systems Division at NASA , called Augustine “ an excellent choice ” to lead the panel during a session Friday .
He added that NASA was pressing ahead with the current architecture while the panel performed his work , and would n’t speculate on the outcome .
“ Potential outcomes ?
You really have to leave that to what the team comes up with , ” he said .
Whatever the panel concludes , Yoder said , it was important for everyone involved to support how the administration decided to implement the panel ’s recommendations .
“ I think that it ’s extremely important that we unite and go forward . ”
In a speech Saturday at the ISDC , Mars Society president Rober Zubrin expressed his concerns about the future of NASA ’s exploration plans .
“ I believe that the Vision for Space Exploration , or whatever it is currently called , is in great danger , ” he said .
“ This program is currently conceived as something that the Bush people invented , and therefore from the point of view of the Obama people is completely suspect if not axiomatically wrong . ”
Zubrin warned that NASA funding could be jeopardized if the administration decides to cut spending to lower budget deficits once the economy recovers .
“ While Obama has not been an opponent of the space program , it has never figured in a significant way in his portfolio of interests , ” making it especially vulnerable to budget cuts .
The way around that , he said , is to give NASA “ a truly bold and visionary ” mission — humans to Mars , unsurprisingly , in Zubrin ’s view .
“ The idea that NASA ’s great vision should be to return to the Moon 50 years after it was there the first time is not going to inspire the American public , and it has n’t . ”
In an interview after his speech , Zubrin said that he expected the Augustine panel to look at broader goals for human spaceflight rather than tackle a detailed technical analysis of Constellation and competing architectures , given the names associated with the panel to date .
“ Either they say going to the Moon is stupid and we should keep going up and down to the space station , or going to the Moon is stupid and we should set ourselves a real goal , and that is to aim for Mars , ” he said .
There ’s some reason to hope for the latter , he said , noting that panelist Chris Chyba is an exobiologist who might better appreciate the scientific rationale for human Mars exploration .
“ Having been there and stood on its surface , I can tell you that the Moon is a dead end for NASA , ” Aldrin said .
“ We wo n’t honor Apollo 11 by repeating its mission . ”
Later in the day Apollo 11 astronaut Buzz Aldrin expressed similar sentiments about what the ultimate goal of NASA ’s exploration plans should be .
The panel , he believed , would only look at the plans for the return to the Moon .
“ The commission probably wo n’t consider why this goal for the space program has failed to inspire our youngsters and what to do to galvanize public support for a reinvigorated space program . ”
The solution , Aldrin said , was to avoid going “ back to the future ” and potentially getting entangled in another race to the Moon .
“ Having been there and stood on its surface , I can tell you that the Moon is a dead end for NASA , ” he said .
“ We wo n’t honor Apollo 11 by repeating its mission . ”
Like Zubrin , Aldrin believed that NASA should focus on human exploration of Mars , advocating for a first human mission by the 60th anniversary of Apollo 11 .
“ Mars , for America ’s future , is where we should be headed , ” he said .
“ That ’s the best way to commemorate Apollo 11 . ”
There will be opportunities for Aldrin , Zubrin , and others to communicate those views to the panel in the coming weeks : a public meeting has already been scheduled for June 17 in Washington , and Augustine previously said the panel would likely establish a web site to solicit public input .
Less certain , though , is just what impact the panel will have on shaping the future of NASA ’s human spaceflight programs : history is littered with reports by special commissions with recommendations that were ignored or otherwise failed to be adopted .
Some are skeptical that this panel will be any different .
Nonetheless , there is an opportunity to at least attempt to reshape the goals and priorities of human spaceflight .
In his Thursday speech , Greason said that given the limited budgets available for NASA , the nation should focus on space exploration in such a way that “ views it as an integrated whole ” , so that it fulfills all the goals mentioned in its enabling legislation .
That includes item number 4 , studying the potential benefits of these activities , something that he said he rarely hears discussed .
“ That ’s a clarion call that we ’ve missed for why we do what we do , and why we should do things differently going forward . ”
Home
Luis Martinezv
ABC News
March 28 , 2009
Editor ’s note : Israel says it has attacked alleged Iranian weapons shipments destined to reach Hamas in the Gaza Strip , reports ABC News .
It looks like Israel is building a case to eventually attack Iran proper .
[ efoods ] ABC News ’ Luis Martinez reports : Israel has conducted three military strikes against targets in Sudan since January in an effort to prevent what were believed to be Iranian weapons shipments from reaching Hamas in the Gaza Strip , ABC News has learned .
Earlier this week , CBSNews.com was the first to report that Israel had conducted an airstrike in January against a convoy carrying weapons north into Egypt to be smuggled into the Hamas - controlled Gaza Strip .
But actually , since January , Israel has conducted a total of three military strikes against smugglers transporting what were believed to be Iranian weapons shipments destined for Gaza , a U.S. official told ABC News .
Read entire article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
( Money Magazine ) --
In 2004 , Tim Jones bought a little piece of the American dream : a modest three - bedroom home in Bend , Ore. , that went for $ 218,000 .
Three years later he married and was ready for phase two of the dream : trading up .
But instead of buying , he and wife Elise pocketed the $ 100,000 profit from the sale of their house and rented bigger digs .
Smart move .
Today Jones , 36 , estimates their old place would sell for only $ 230,000 .
Meanwhile , he and Elise , 37 , have been paying $ 1,250 a month for their rental , the same as their total costs for the smaller house .
" I 'm not building equity , but nobody around here is , " says Jones .
With home prices expected to continue falling in most areas this year and to flatline for several years after that , many people are joining the Joneses in rethinking the merits of home ownership - for now .
As a renter , you wo n't wind up throwing away money on eroding equity .
And there 's plenty of inventory to choose from , as owners who can't sell seek to rent their condos and single - family homes .
You 'll pay less for the same space too .
U.S. rents dipped in the fourth quarter of last year , according to the Census Bureau , and real estate research firm Property & Portfolio projects they will fall again in 2009 .
To be sure , the case for renting is largely short term .
Over the long haul the arguments favor ownership :
You get to enjoy tax breaks , build equity , and take pride in a place that 's yours .
Renters also run the risk of faulty market timing .
Few expect real estate to bounce back swiftly , but if it does , prices could jump before you buy again .
With that in mind , here 's how to decide whether renting is the right course .
Calculate your time frame
Renting makes the most sense if your housing situation is already in transition .
Maybe you need to move for a new job , in which case renting allows you to test out a new location .
Maybe you 've already decided to sell and trade up .
Or maybe you 're retiring and want to trade down or relocate .
This year Cheryl Mitchell , 63 , retired from her HR manager job and pocketed the gains from the sale of her three - bedroom San Antonio home .
She 's now renting a smaller but luxurious condo near her kids in Gainesville , Va. , for the same cost .
" I 'm getting a lot more for my money , " Mitchell says .
Price out the tradeoffs
Determining the real costs of owning vs. renting on the kind of property you want to live in is complex .
Property taxes and maintenance as well as mortgage payments factor into home - ownership costs , offset by the tax advantages ( the calculator at move.com can help ) .
But if you rent for a while , you might have to pay a couple grand to a broker , and when you buy again , you 'll have to pay for another move .
To figure out whether renting is a better value than buying , the best metric to look at is your area 's price - to - rent ratio , says Dean Baker of the Center for Economic and Policy Research .
To figure it out , divide the price of a home you 'd try to buy by the annual rent you 'd pay on a comparable home .
If the ratio for your market is far above the historical average of 15 , says Baker , renting may be a better deal .
Assess your market
The longer the price - to - rent ratio stays in your favor , the more benefit you 'll gain from renting .
To get a sense of where your local market is headed , look at trends in home prices and foreclosure rates .
Use the Stats & Trends tool on Trulia.com to get average list prices and median sales prices within your zip code .
You can find out how the rate of foreclosures is changing by county on RealtyTrac.com .
Finally , consider the local economy - if your area 's major employer just announced mass layoffs , home prices will probably fall further .
Weigh the intangibles
The desire for ownership is n't purely financial .
As a renter , you 're at the whim of a landlord for things like painting and home improvements .
But the tradeoff may be worth it .
" I do n't like our beige carpets , " says Jones , " but it 's the best financial move for now . "
Stuff That ’s Missing From the Inspectors General Report on Warrantless Surveillance
Created : July 10 , 2009 17:28 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
1 . Any ballpark estimate — any number at all , really — of how many Americans had their communications intercepted by the NSA through the “ President ’s Surveillance Program . ”
The fact that this is missing from an inspectors general report is a glaring oversight .
The error rate in collecting terrorism communications .
According to the inspectors general of the CIA , FBI and NSA , much if not most of the information collected by the program was unrelated to terrorism .
The NSA inspector general found “ no evidence of intentional misuse ” of the surveillance efforts .
Which is groovy .
But it still does n’t tell us how much irrelevant data the program collected , which is a crucial question when determining its efficacy .
How much so - called Fruit of the Poisoned Tree resulted .
That ’s a legal doctrine referring to evidence that has to be thrown out of court .
Long story short : if an investigation or a technique to get information is inadmissible in court , no evidence yielded by such methods can be used either .
Warrantless surveillance is most certainly a case that would generate inadmissible evidence .
That ’s one of the issues at stake in yesterday ’s al - Haramain filing that I wrote about .
And it ’s huge .
If information from warrantless surveillance made its way into indictments or prosecutions , then those cases are jeopardized .
That ’s the sort of thing that lets terrorists out on the streets .
Check this out , for instance : the Justice Department “ was aware as early as 2002 that information collected under the PSP could have implications for DOJ ’s litigation responsibilities under Rule of Criminal Procedure Rule 16 and Brady v. Maryland . ”
Rule 16 and Brady prevent prosecutors from withholding germane information from a defendant — like , you know , whether part or all of an investigation is based on an illegal search .
But what happened ?
“ [ N ] o DOJ attorneys with terrorism prosecution responsibilities were read into the PSP until mid-2004 , and as a result DOJ continued to lack the advice of attorneys who were best equipped to identify and examine the discovery issues in connection with the PSP . ”
That means that from 2001 to 2004 , U.S. attorneys could have been given — from FBI or intelligence officials — information relevant to a terrorism prosecution that they would have no way of knowing came from a poisoned tree like the PSP , and could therefore never have disclosed that fact to defense counsel .
And yet the report does n’t tell us how often that happened .
Relatedly , this is dense but important :
Chapters Three and Six of the DOJ IG [ inspector general ] report describe how DOJ and the [ Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act ( FISA ) Court ] addressed the impact PSP - derived information had on the FISA process .
The DOJ IG concluded that it was foreseeable that [ PSP - derived ] information might impact the process and that the initial delay in reading anyone from DOJ ’s Office of Intelligence Policy and Review ( OIPR ) or the [ FISA Court ] into the PSP unnecessarily jeopardized DOJ ’s relationship with the Court .
That ’s hard to follow , but what it appears to mean is that OIPR , the office responsible for generating FISA warrants , had no idea if information it submitted as probable cause to the FISA Court for such a warrant came from PSP surveillance .
OIPR whistleblower Thomas Tamm realized in 2004 that there were special procedures for * some * warrant submissions that seemed to come from a certain subset of NSA information ; he had no idea what PSP was .
We still do n’t know how many warrants for the FISA Court effectively laundered dirty information into the criminal - justice process .
Update : Sorry , just two more .
Any assessment , at all , of the legality of the warrantless surveillance programs collectively called PSP .
Just a total dodge on this one .
Relatedly : the words “ exclusive means . ”
Like for instance , the inspectors general write : “ Prior to September 11 , 2001 , the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 and Executive Order 1233 were generally viewed as the principal governing authorities for conducting electronic surveillance for national security purposes . ”
Well , not exactly .
What FISA actually says is this :
–
* You can follow TWI on Twitter and Facebook . *
WHEN America 's National Research Council sent two engineers to supervise a series of industrial experiments at a large telephone - parts factory called the Hawthorne Plant near Chicago in 1924 , it hoped they would learn how shop - floor lighting affected workers ' productivity .
Instead , the studies ended up giving their name to the “ Hawthorne effect ” , the extremely influential idea that the very act of being experimented upon changes subjects ' behaviour .
Corbis
Working hard ?
It must be Monday
The idea arose because of the perplexing behaviour of the women who assembled relays and wound coils of wire in the Hawthorne plant .
According to accounts of the experiments , their hourly output rose when lighting was increased , but also when it was dimmed .
It did not matter what was done ; so long as something was changed , productivity rose .
An awareness that they were being experimented upon seemed to be enough to alter workers ' behaviour by itself .
The data from the illumination experiments had never been rigorously analysed and were believed lost .
But Steven Levitt and John List , two economists at the University of Chicago , discovered that the data had survived the decades in two archives in Milwaukee and Boston , and decided to subject them to econometric analysis .
The Hawthorne experiments had another surprise in store for them .
Contrary to the descriptions in the literature , they found no systematic evidence that levels of productivity in the factory rose whenever changes in lighting were implemented .
It turns out that idiosyncrasies in the way the experiments were conducted may have led to misleading interpretations of what happened .
For example , lighting was always changed on a Sunday , when the plant was closed .
When it reopened on Monday , output duly rose compared with Saturday , the last working day before the change , and continued to rise for the next couple of days .
But a comparison with data for weeks when there was no experimentation showed that output always went up on Mondays .
Workers tended to beaver away for the first few days of the working week in any case , before hitting a plateau and then slackening off .
Another of the original observations was that output fell when the trials ceased , suggesting that the act of experimentation caused increased productivity .
But experimentation stopped in the summer , and it turns out from the records of production after the experiments that output tended to fall in the summer anyway .
Perhaps workers were just hot .
There is a suggestion in the data that productivity was more responsive to changes in artificial than natural light .
This could be interpreted as a subtler version of the Hawthorne effect , if you believe that workers were aware that changes in artificial light were induced by the experimenters , whereas natural light was changing on its own .
But even this evidence is weak .
For something so influential and intuitively appealing , it turns out that the Hawthorne effect is remarkably hard to pin down .
Enlarge By Katye Martens , USA TODAY
Products made without harmful BPA are available from a company called Born Free.
GUIDE TO RECYCLING CODES GUIDE TO RECYCLING CODES HEALTH UPDATES ON TWITTER HEALTH UPDATES ON TWITTER Hormone - like chemicals in plastics , pesticides and other products pose " significant concern for public health , " possibly causing infertility , cancer and malformations , a medical society announced Wednesday .
There is strong evidence that chemicals that interfere with the hormone system can cause serious health problems , according to a scientific report from the Endocrine Society , now meeting in Washington , D.C.
Although scientists still have many questions about the chemicals , the report says that it 's important for people to take a " precautionary approach " by reducing their exposures .
BISPHENOL A : What you need to know about ' everywhere chemical '
CITY - WIDE : Chicago announces BPA ban Hormone - disrupting chemicals include bisphenol A , or BPA , often used in plastic baby bottles and the linings of metal cans .
The new report is the latest in a growing number of statements from scientific groups warning of potential harm .
Although the Food and Drug Administration says BPA is safe , Canada last year declared the chemical to be toxic .
The USA 's National Toxicology Program last year also expressed " some concern " over BPA 's effects on the brain , behavior and prostate gland in children before and after birth .
In 2007 , a group of 38 leading researchers published a statement noting serious risks from BPA .
The Endocrine Society decided to release the scientific statement — the first it has ever issued — because these chemicals " affect everyone , " says society president Robert Carey .
The report notes that 93 % of Americans tested have been exposed to BPA .
Carey says the society wants to provide accurate information to lawmakers and regulators .
Beyond summing up the latest science , the report also catalogues what doctors do n't yet know and lists the sort of research that still needs to be done .
The report notes that hormone - disrupting chemicals behave differently than other toxins .
For most toxins , the danger is in the dose , with larger doses posing more risk than small ones , says Andrea Gore , an author of the new statement from the University of Texas at Austin .
Because the body is exquisitely sensitive to hormones , Gore says , even small doses can cause serious problems , especially if babies are exposed during critical development windows , such as before birth .
For hormones , the timing of exposure is often far more critical than the amount .
Disturbingly , the damage from hormone - disrupting chemicals can sometimes be passed on to future generations , Gore says .
Scientists at the annual meeting presented new studies on BPA , as well , including one linking the chemical to abnormal heart rhythms in rats and mice .
That finding supports a September study in The Journal of the American Medical Association linked BPA to an increased risk of heart disease and diabetes in humans .
Another new study found that people are likely exposed to greater doses of BPA than are considered safe by the FDA .
And a third study , showing that BPA causes permanent changes in the DNA of mice , helps doctors understand how this damage is passed on to offspring , says author Hugh Taylor of Yale University School of Medicine .
Taylor says his small study supports research showing that prenatal exposure to BPA could permanently change the way the body responds to estrogen .
An industry group , the American Chemistry Council , said in a statement that it agrees scientists need to do more research .
But the council notes that a group called the International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry found there have been no " conclusive " studies proving that the chemicals cause disease .
But Taylor says there is reason for pregnant women to be cautious , even if much of the research so far is in animals .
" You can never do these studies in women , " Taylor says .
" You ca n't intentionally give someone high doses , especially in pregnancy . "
Taylor says that the small number of human studies , including one linking high BPA levels to miscarriages , suggest that humans react the same way to BPA as animals .
" I do n't think anybody is saying this is the most toxic stuff known to man , " Taylor says .
" But are we doing something that could affect our children into the next generation ? "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Parts of Greenland have a shark problem .
When I think of sharks , I inevitably jump to images of Jaws , but the trouble with the Greenland shark is not the makings of Hollywood .
Slim Allagui writes from Sisimuit , Greenland :
The Greenland shark , one of the largest species of sharks , is a nuisance to fishermen and its meat is toxic to humans , but researchers now hope the flesh can be used to create a biofuel for Inuits .
Â
Native to the cold Arctic waters , thousands of the sharks get caught and die in fishermen ’s nets off Greenland every year .
The shark problem has gotten so bad , the town of Uummannaq formerly offered “ $ 38 bounty for every shark heart , ” according to Biofuels Digest .
Â
The Arctic Technology Centre ( ARTEK ) has proposed a new solution to the shark problem : Â make biodiesel from their oily flesh .
Â Allagui explains :
Biofuel based on sharks and other sea products could supply 13 percent of energy consumption in the village of Uummannaq with its 2,450 inhabitants , according to estimates .
Â
The project could help the many isolated villages on the vast island to become self - sufficient in terms of energy .
Â
In Uummannaq , the Greenland shark represents more than half of the waste disposed of by the local fishermen .
Animal rights activists , specifically the World Wildlife Fund and the International Union for the Conservation of Nature , are not supporting the project and do not see the Greenland shark as such a problem for fisherman .
Â
Whether sharks are specifically killed for biodiesel or the biofuel is made from already disposed fish waste , which contains large amounts of fat , environmental groups would like to see “ other sustainable energy projects undertaken instead ” .
Â Greenland has been looking towards hyrdroelectricity as a source of renewable energy for the country .
" This is something we would advise men never to attempt , " a medic said , " The results can be quite horrific and long - lasting and have quite an affect on a man 's sexual performance .
A scientific breakthrough in the understanding of how Alzheimer 's disease may spread across the brain of elderly patients might lead to novel ways of treating senile dementia , scientists have announced .
A study has discovered that a key brain protein linked with Alzheimer 's disease has infectious properties that allow defects in the protein to be transmitted through the brain and so leads to debilitating neuro - degeneration .
It is the first time that scientists have detected infectious properties in the so - called tau protein which causes aggregates of particles known as " neurofibrillary tangles " to build up inside the brain cells of Alzheimer 's patients .
The tangles lead to the disease 's symptoms .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
But the researchers emphasised that the discovery does not mean that the disease itself is infectious , only that the tau protein seen in Alzheimer 's disease is able to convert otherwise healthy brain proteins into the defective form associated with the disease .
Alzheimer 's disease is one of the fastest growing and most costly medical conditions .
About 700,000 people in the UK have some form of dementia and this will grow to about 940,000 by 2015 , rising to more than 1.7 million by 2051 as a result of the demographic time bomb of an ageing population .
Medical researchers believe that the latest findings – which have so far been shown in laboratory mice rather than human patients – could open up new ways of treating Alzheimer 's disease by developing drugs that block the tau 's infectious properties .
The results of the study also show that Alzheimer 's disease has underlying similarities to Creutzfeldt - Jakob disease ( CJD ) , a brain disease that is believed to be caused by other kinds of infectious proteins called " prions " which can , under certain circumstances , be transmitted from one person to another .
Scientists have known for many years that the brain cells of Alzheimer 's patients experience a build up of tau protein in the form of complicated tangles and that these tangles spread in a characteristic fashion through the brain .
The latest study , published in the journal Nature Cell Biology , offers the first proper explanation for how these tangles spread and suggests a possible target for drug companies hoping to develop ways of slowing down the progression of Alzheimer 's disease .
" This opens new avenues in dementia research that will aim to understand how abnormal tau can spread .
We can also investigate how diseases caused by tau aggregates and prions are similar , " said Michel Goedert of the Medical Research Council 's Laboratory of Molecular Biology in Cambridge .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
" We have looked at whether tau tangles can spread in mice .
The injection of brain extract from tangle - bearing mice into animals without tangles caused their tau to tangle and spread from the sites of injection to neighbouring brain regions , " said Dr Goedert , who took part in the study .
The scientists used a strain of genetically modified mouse with a gene for the human form of the defective tau protein .
When the tau of this mouse was injected into the brain of ordinary laboratory mice , it caused a build - up of the same sort of tangles seen in Alzheimer 's patients .
" This research in mice does not show that tau pathology is contagious or that it can spread easily from mouse to mouse .
What it has revealed is how tau tangles spread within brain tissues of individual mice , " Dr Goedert said .
" It suggests that tangles of proteins that build up in the brain to cause symptoms could have some contagious properties , within brain tissue but not between mice that have n't been injected with tissue from another mouse and certainly not between people , " he said .
There is no epidemiological evidence that brain diseases like Alzheimer 's or Parkinson 's can spread from one person to another and the latest study does not suggest that such disorders are caused by an infection , said David Allsop , professor of neuroscience at Lancaster University .
" This is interesting because it could explain how tangles spread from one region of the brain to another during the course of Alzheimer 's disease and some other ' tangle ' diseases , " Professor Allsop said .
Susanne Sorensen , the head of research at the Alzheimer 's Society , said that the study could result in a greater understanding of how tau tangles form and spread through the brain .
" There is still so much we do not understand about the changes in tau that lead to tangle formation in humans and , eventually , widespread cell death , " Dr Sorensen said .
" Each new piece of knowledge helps to build a better picture and takes us closer to the point where we can stop loss of brain tissue and dementia for good . "
Rebecca Wood , the chief executive of the Alzheimer 's Research Trust , said : " This greater understanding of how tangles spread in Alzheimer 's may lead to new ways of stopping them and defeating the disease . "
The Twitter co-founder Biz Stone discusses what happened when the site was requested by the US state department to keep running through the Iran protests .
And Reddit 's Alexis Ohanian talks about the role of the aggregator in news publishing .
While Aleks Krotoski is still off sweating over her PhD , the Tech Weekly presenter baton is handed to Bobbie Johnson in sunny San Francisco , California for a special on - the - road edition of the show .
This week Bobbie meets up with the people behind two of the hottest sites on the web : Twitter co-founder Biz Stone describes what life is like on the hype rollercoaster right now , and then he drops in to the offices of Wired to meet up with the co-founder of social news website Reddit .
It 's been impossible to ignore Twitter over the past few months - the site has rocketed in popularity since and now has around 35 million users .
As it increasingly plays a role in the way information gets spread around the internet - playing a role in the anti-government protests in Iran , Bobbie Johnson visits Twitter HQ to speak to co-founder Biz Stone .
We also hear from Alexis Ohanian , co-founder of the user - driven news site Reddit.com .
It has also become one of the biggest movers of traffic on the web .
In 2006 it was bought by Wired , and it remains incredibly popular among hackers and geeks around the world , and Alexis how it got started , and the role of the aggregator in news publishing , as well as how he brought the XKCD cartoons to print .
There 's also this week 's news on Google 's new netbook OS , the 118 800 mobile directory enquiries service , the the media and tech habits of 15 years olds .
Do n't forget to ...
• Comment below ...
• Mail us at tech@guardian.co.uk
• Get our Twitter feed for programme updates
• Join our Facebook group
• See our pics on Flickr / Post your tech pics
With a year to go before the start of the World Cup , I can boldly predict what televisual phenomenon is going to sweep the nation next June and July : the mute button .
It will be to football broadcasting what Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie would be to the live performance of rap music : great to look at , a nightmare to listen to .
If you do n't know what a vuvuzela is , you will soon .
It is a long , trumpet - like instrument made of plastic , which has been used by fans at the Confederations Cup in South Africa to make a din so horrific that even television coverage is almost insufferable .
It sounds like a platoon of ninja bumblebees with a bad mobile signal have left you a 45 - minute answerphone message .
Or like your ears have developed the ability to filter out all sound except for that produced by Vespa scooters , to which they have become incredibly sensitive .
Some people say the vuvuzela originates in a tribal instrument made from the horn of the kudu , blown to summon villagers to important meetings .
Others say the vuvuzela originates in a plastics factory in China .
The truth is unclear .
" I think they should be banned , " says Liverpool 's Xabi Alonso , who has been experiencing the full vuvuzela treatment while playing for Spain .
" We 're used to people shouting but not to this trumpet noise which does n't allow you to concentrate and is unbearable .
They make it very difficult for the players to communicate with each other .
They are a distraction and do nothing for the atmosphere . "
Fifa , however , ruled out a ban last week after the host nation –who had featured the horns prominently in their advertising campaign for the event – protested that they were essential for " an authentic South African footballing experience " .
There was a time when an authentic English footballing experience involved hiding from marauding gangs of booted brutes before paying to stand in a bit of a crush with a close - up view of the back of someone 's head and another man 's urine dripping down the back of your trousers , and I do n't recall Fifa standing up for that .
They will reconsider their decision only if the bugles are used in acts of violence .
I 'm not usually one to encourage hooliganism but in this case I would gladly take the blow myself , on behalf of the 400,000 people planning to go to the World Cup .
Besides , one vuvuzela being used to assault me is one less vuvuzela being used to make an infernal racket .
" It 's not for Fifa to say stop making noise in football grounds , " said world soccer supremo Sepp Blatter .
" It is not damaging .
If you go to a disco in the night your hearing would be much more challenged . "
What 's being challenged right now is my ability to ignore the mental image of Sepp Blatter at a disco .
" I always said that when we go to South Africa , it is Africa , " Blatter added .
" It 's noisy , it 's energy , rhythm , music , dance , drums .
This is Africa .
We have to adapt a little . "
This seems to me an unacceptable use of popular stereotype .
Africans – they 're noisy and they dance a lot .
What would Blatter say if the trumpets became popular in the US ?
" It 's true that they are a bit annoying , but this is America , and the people are complete morons .
We have to adapt a little " ?
South Africa are not the first hosts to introduce into World Cup stadiums something that is not to international tastes , as anyone who tried the squid - flavoured peanuts on offer at many 2002 games will testify .
It is just that a global television audience was always much less likely to get worked up about , or even notice , the unusual aroma produced when you combine nut and cephalopod .
Johannesburg 's Soccer City stadium , site of next year 's final , has been designed to send the crowd 's noise echoing back over those inside .
I can only imagine what the 94,000 present will experience as the tournament reaches its climax – and what I 'm imagining is a massively over - amplified Metallica concert where the music is performed entirely on kazoo .
" It will be the noisiest World Cup ever , " boasted organising honcho Danny Jordaan .
" They will come with their vuvuzelas , That noise will be captured in the dome . "
By all means capture it , but then keep it in custody and never , ever let the bugger out .
It 's not that English fans are perfect – indeed they have their own musical irritant in the shape of a brass band that parps the theme to The Great Escape , often for hours at a time .
But perhaps South Africa can learn from the loud wooden rattles that soundtracked British football in the post - war era – and fell out of favour when everyone realised just how annoying they were .
I can only hope that one day soon a similar fate will befall the vuvuzelas .
And Sepp Blatter , for that matter .
Sceptic : Nasa could end all the moon conspiracy claims tomorrow by using the Hubble Space Telescope ( above ) to take pictures of the equipment left behind .
But of course it does n't .
I wonder why not ?
Believer : While Hubble has sent back astonishing images from the ends of the universe , the galaxies , supernovae and nebulae it has revealed all have one thing in common : they are very , very big .
The largest piece of man-made rubbish on the moon is what remains of the Eagle lander , about 10 m across .
That ’s just too small for Hubble to see .
Still believe the moon landings were faked ?
Photograph : Nasa
Home is steadily growing with more game spaces , more avatar customization choices , and new features .
Next Thursday the 21st , Home will receive an update , version 1.21 that includes several new features and fixes .
Alongside the update , an update to the EA Sports Game Space and some new hair styles will be making an appearance .
Below is the full list of changes , fixes and new items .
General
Threads will have another relatively small influx of fun and varied clothing for those of you who like to mix and match , and you ’ll also find a few more hairstyles available to you in the wardrobe .
And we ca n’t resist listing them : Sleek Crop , Crop , Forward Spikes , Short Hair , Spiky Hair and last but not least , Shaggy Sleek .
EA Sports Complex
The EA Sports complex is receiving an update to add the following :
– Poker –
Leader Boards
The two screens attached to the roof support pillars in the space will now have leaderboard information for daily winners , and season leaders
– Ranking –
The top 100 players for the season and for the day will be ranked and you can see if you have a ranking by looking at the bottom of the leader board
– Red Tournament Table –
The middle table will now become the Red Tournament table
You will need to have a positive bankroll to play on this table which means having at least 1000 points in your bankroll
– Point Rewards for Winning –
On the tables your rewards will vary based on the number of players and how you finish
Green payouts for 1st , 2nd , and 3rd
Red tables pays out more than Green
– Improved camera system ( L1 to change , L2 to reset ) –
You now have 4 different views of the table you play on – standard , over head , table top view 1 , table top view 2
You can look at the leader board to see how many point the daily and season winners have posted
Watch 1 of 3 video screens
View the Scoreboard slide show
Check the Ticker for updated event information
– Table placement –
By moving the location of the tables we will be able to reduce the cross chatter between tables that occurs while texting
This change should also eliminate the annoying “ video screen in my ear effect ” that occurs on certain seats
– Music ( R2 to change volume ) –
We have added a music track to the Poker game to make things a little more interesting
Volume control will also be added so you can toggle between 3 volume levels or turn it off completely ( R2 )
– Blind Timers –
Now increment based on the number of people remaining at the table
– Blind Time on Status board –
When you walk up to a table you now see how high the blind is and when it will double
Bug reporting
As a point of interest we are investigating ways of gathering bug reports from you in the future .
Forum threads simply do n’t work for this as duplicate reports and general chat complicate and greatly increase the amount of work involved in simply finding the facts .
In the meantime we will continue to look to our long term beta testers to report through our existing process .
We hope to have something usable by all by the next patch .
Patch v1.21
And now onto v1.21 of the Home core client and the changes it brings .
The major difference between ourselves and SCEA is that they will be releasing Picture Frames with 1.21 .
Whilst the moderation hurdles have been overcome our senior management ( for better or worse ! ) are still reassessing their approach to user owned or generated content .
Until these concerns can be tackled we will hold back on releasing Picture Frames here in SCEE .
However , our intention is to release this feature as soon as possible and we will let you know how things progress behind the scenes from time to time .
And now onto the lists of changes and fixes :
Improvements
• The chat log has been updated with a number of new enhancements :
– By clicking the left stick you can toggle the chat log between three modes : normal , expanded and minimised .
• It is also possible to switch the chat log directly into expanded mode by pressing up or down on the controller d-pad .
– While minimised the chat log is reduced to a small icon in the corner of the screen .
This icon will still fade in and out to indicate whether new chat is being received .
– While expanded you can scroll through individual lines of text in the chat log .
By pressing [ CROSS ] with a line highlighted they are able to open an options menu for the user who spoke .
– Lines of text are coloured in the chat log to reflect the colour choice of the user who typed them .
– Your friends will now have an icon placed beside their ID in the chat log .
• Emotes are now available when text communication has been disabled .
• It is possible to target things while sat on the floor .
• The process of moving between spaces has been streamlined which should make relocating a bit faster .
• The loading time for smaller images , such as thumbnails , posters and map chips , has been reduced .
Changes
• We have reduced loading times when using the virtual stores to browse and purchase items .
• We have changed the way furniture is saved in a Club house .
This should stop furniture going missing if the player placing the furniture exits
Home immediately after changing the layout .
• When you log in to Home , if there is a problem retrieving your commerce information then you will be returned to the welcome screen with an error message .
• When you attempt to telephone a friend that has voice chat disabled you will now see the warning in an alert message instead of a pop-up .
• If you choose not to download an update patch for Home and then attempt to log on you will be returned to the welcome screen with an appropriate error message .
• We ’ve swapped the dark grey and dark blue pop-up colours for magenta and turquoise to make text easier to read in the chat log .
• Club ownership is now indicated by a crown icon instead of a star .
• We ’ve slowed down the speed at which you can rotate furniture .
Bug fixes
• Fixed a bug that could cause items of furniture placed in the Club house to go missing ( this is separate from the change to make saving the layout more robust ) .
• Fixed a problem that could cause Home rewards to be lost after a network error .
• Fixed a bug that would cause a crash when the user is signed out of the PSN while logging on to Home .
• Fixed a bug that would send users to the wrong place if they accepted an invitation to a Personal Space just as its owner relocated elsewhere .
• The option to make cross regional telephone calls from public spaces is no longer greyed out .
• Fixed a bug where spawning inside the trigger radius of certain mini-games would result in the user automatically joining them .
• Fixed a bug that would result in a “ typing ” chat bubble being displayed permanently if the user muted someone while they were typing .
• Changed Game Launching error messages so that line breaks show up correctly in them now .
• Fixed a bug that would cause alert messages to remain on screen after being disconnected .
• Fixed a bug that could cause a crash if the user was disconnected while making a purchase in Home .
• The furniture placement camera will now respect the control inversion settings specified in the Menu Pad .
• Adjusted the way characters get up from seating to make them less prone to popping in and out of seats that are close together .
• Fixed a bug that would result in characters standing on top of certain types of seating after standing .
• Fixed a bug that would cause certain parts of some animations to “ stick ” if the character stood up while playing them ( for example if the user stood up while yawning , their mouth would be stuck open ) .
• Fixed a bug that would allow the character to run or slide while performing spot idle animations .
* Partial recount starts
* Reformists demand annulment
* Five British embassy staff released , four held
* Inquiry into Neda 's death
By Fredrik Dahl and Parisa Hafezi
TEHRAN , June 29 ( Reuters ) - A partial recount of Iran 's disputed election won by President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad began on Monday , but one defeated reformist candidate said an annulment of the poll was " the only way to regain the people 's trust " .
In a sign that the process would not put into question Ahmadinejad 's victory , IRNA news agency said recounting so far in one Tehran district gave him more votes than in the June 12 poll that unleashed the worst unrest since the 1979 revolution .
Witnesses reported an increased police presence in some Tehran squares ahead of the expected announcement of the recount outcome later on Monday .
One witness said dozens of riot police vehicles were driving towards southern Tehran .
Pro-reform cleric Mehdi Karoubi , fourth in the official count , reiterated his call for the vote to be annulled in a letter to Iran 's top legislative body , the Guardian Council , which is recounting a random 10 percent of the votes .
" The election 's annulment is the only way to regain the people 's trust , " said Karoubi , in a position shared with defeated candidate Mirhossein Mousavi , who met on Sunday with a committee of the Council in a bid to resolve a political crisis that has exposed rifts in Iran 's ruling establishment .
The Council 's spokesman Abbasali Kadkhodai told state radio that talks over Mousavi 's proposal had no clear outcome , but the moderate candidate was not available for comment .
Mousavi has said a " national arbitration committee " should examine the vote .
RECOUNT RESULTS
" This recount is being done before ( state broadcaster ) IRIB cameras in various provinces and cities and we will subsequently announce the outcome for public information .
...
We will try to release the outcome by the end of working hours ( on Monday ) , " Kadkhodai said .
State media have said 20 people were killed in violence since the election won by the hardline president , and authorities have accused Mousavi of responsibility for the bloodshed .
He says the government is to blame .
Mass protests , which had echoes of the Islamic Revolution that toppled the shah , were broken up by pro-government Basij militia and riot police driving the reformist demonstrators who said the poll was rigged off the streets .
The hardline leadership , locked in a row with the West over its nuclear programme and which says the poll was fair , has also blamed turmoil in the world 's fifth biggest oil exporter on foreign powers rather than popular anger .
" Americans and the Zionists ( Israel ) wanted to destabilise Iran , " Intelligence Minister Gholamhossein Mohseni - Ejei said .
" Even months before the election they started to talk about the possibility of vote - rigging in Iran , and they continue this path after the election , " the minister added .
Iranian authorities said on Monday five out of nine detained British embassy local staff had been released , while four others were being held for questioning .
Britain has rejected accusations that the embassy helped to foment the mass rallies .
The United States and other major powers have questioned the election 's fairness and condemned the bloodshed in its turbulent aftermath .
Britain and Iran have expelled two of each other 's diplomats since the election .
British Foreign Secretary David Miliband on Sunday had demanded the release of all the staff held and said his European Union colleagues had agreed to a " strong , collective response " to any such " harassment and intimidation " against EU missions .
Ahmadinejad called for a judicial inquiry into what he called the " suspicious " shooting to death of music student Neda Agha - Soltan , who became a symbol of opposition protests after her death was broadcast on the Internet .
The president suggested that the opposition and Iran 's enemies abroad aimed to misuse her death " for their own political aims and also to distort the pure and clean image of the Islamic Republic in the world . "
( Reporting by Fredrik Dahl and Parisa Hafezi in Tehran and Kate Kelland in London ; Writing by Peter Millership , London World Desk , 020 7542 7917 )
When a country finds itself at the center of world history , it begins attracting spies , mercenaries , war profiteers , journalists , prostitutes , and fortune - seekers .
Often they gravitate to a particular hotel .
In Honduras , which was shaken from its long slumber in the 1980s and turned into a violent staging ground for cross - border war , the Maya was that hotel .
Perched atop a high hill near the central plaza in the capital city , Tegucigalpa , its tinted windows giving it an air of mystery , the Maya attracted a variety of sinister characters .
Counterrevolutionaries hatched bloody plots over breakfast beside the pool .
You could buy a machine gun at the bar .
Busloads of crew - cut Americans would arrive from the airport at times when I knew there were no commercial flights landing , spend the night , and then ship out before dawn ; they said they did n’t know where they were going , and I believed them .
Friends told me that death squad torturers stopped in for steak before setting off on their night ’s work .
But in those days , much of what anyone said in Honduras was a lie .
That was certainly true at the Maya , and equally so at the American embassy a couple of miles away .
The diplomat who presided over that embassy from 1981 to 1985 , John Dimitri Negroponte , was a great fabulist .
He saw , or professed to see , a Honduras almost Scandinavian in its tranquillity , a place where there were no murderous generals , no death squads , no political prisoners , no clandestine jails or cemeteries .
Now that President Bush has nominated Negroponte to be United States ambassador to the United Nations , his record in Honduras is coming under new scrutiny .
The Senate Foreign Relations Committee will hold a hearing on his nomination soon , probably in September .
With the chairmanship of the committee now passed from Jesse Helms to Joseph Biden , this hearing promises to be anything but routine .
It will recall the polarizing drama of Central America in the 1980s , a historical chapter that seemed closed but that the Bush administration has chosen to reopen .
It may even throw some light onto places that have for two decades been as dark and scary as the Maya Hotel bar at midnight .
Over the last few weeks , investigators for the Foreign Relations Committee have been reading classified government documents written by or about Negroponte .
They have also conducted an extensive private interview with him .
At the committee hearing on his nomination , senators are likely to ask him about what they suspect were false reports that he filed on human rights conditions in Honduras , and about questionable sworn testimony he later gave the committee .
“ The material we reviewed pertains specifically to that time in Honduras and to the question of the alleged and real human rights abuses that took place , ” said Norman Kurtz , a spokesman for Senator Biden .
“ The key question people are asking is what John Negroponte knew at the time and to what extent did he report back to the State Department .
We are trying to have some …
Will you take an IOU ?
( Image : Andrzeg Krause )
FROM the PC on your desk and the iPhone in your pocket to the bioengineered antibodies that give cancer patients precious extra months of life , the world owes much to a hotbed of innovation a short drive from my office – an hour on the freeway and I ’m in the heart of Silicon Valley , after whizzing by Genentech , the planet ’s premier biotech firm .
Thanks partly to its high - tech companies , an independent California would qualify for membership of the G8 .
So how come the state is on its knees , crippled by a budget deficit …
virtual appointments
All the perks of an in - store appointment from
the comfort of home .
Plus , your maids , mom ,
or grandma can join from afar !
dedicated professionals
Our skilled stylists and alterations
specialists will make your dress journey
a dream , from start to finish .
customer service by text Text HELLO to 38201 to
book an appointment , ask a question ,
or make a purchase .
So easy !
Emailers get more cliquey in a crisis ( Image : Michael Hitoshi / Getty )
EMAIL logs can provide advance warning of an organisation reaching crisis point .
That ’s the tantalising suggestion to emerge from the pattern of messages exchanged by Enron employees .
After US energy giant Enron collapsed in December 2001 , federal investigators obtained records of emails sent by around 150 senior staff during the company ’s final 18 months .
The logs , which record 517,000 emails sent to around 15,000 employees , provide a rare insight into how communication within an organisation changes during stressful times .
Ben Collingsworth and Ronaldo Menezes at the Florida …
I love my Xbox 360 just as much as I love my PlayStation 3 .
It 's got a great library of games that I 've invested a considerable amount of time and money into over the past few years , and it's a system that will likely still be serving me for some time to come .
That said , in a significant parallel to the PS3 , my love for the system seems to come at an inverse proportion to my love for the company behind it .
I am of course talking about Microsoft , otherwise known as the poster boy for corporate greed and everything that is wrong with America .
Not my words , the words of other people ... probably .
Despite bringing out a good console that many true gamers have flocked to , Microsoft has also helped to ruin fun for everybody .
Perhaps you do n't believe me , and are preparing to call me a " bias troll that 's trying to get fired " already , but please read the article before making your accusations .
Nobody ever asked Microsoft to get into the console gaming market .
In fact , the company 's motivation for doing so was n't even out of demand , or necessity , or consideration for the market , but simply to try and stick it to Sony .
The Xbox exists to stop the PlayStation brand from succeeding , and MS essentially stuck its big nose into an industry that it did n't really have any business getting involved with .
Now that it 's here , we have to deal with it , but unfortunately Microsoft brought a lot of baggage , especially with the current generation .
The most important bit of baggage is one we all know about by now , the fact that the Xbox 360 is a technical piece of shit , as far as hardware goes .
Not even mentioning the red ring of death , the Xbox 360 is home to all manner of technical errors and random crashes .
Every major update seems to bring with it a fresh slew of reports from gamers who now have a glorified brick sitting underneath their televisions .
Be it red rings , E74 errors , or any other number of things that could go wrong , Xbox 360 ownership has been ruled by one dominant emotion -- fear .
I remember when game consoles were associated with fun .
Back before systems tried to do more than just allow us to play our damn videogames .
One feeling a console should never , ever evoke , however , is fear .
People should not be afraid to turn their Xbox 360s on , faced with a grim inevitability that one day it just wo n't work anymore .
However , this is the prevailing emotion that Microsoft has given to gamers .
A dread feeling every time they turn on a 360 and feel that it 's taking longer to switch on than usual .
That timid wait for the blessed arrival of lights that flicker green instead of red .
That horrible moment when a game just crashes while trying to load , and the scramble to reset the Xbox in the hopes that it switches on again .
Thanks for that , Microsoft !
You have really made this generation a care - free and merry one !
That alone really annoys me about MS ' arrogant bull - in - a - china - shop stampede into the industry , but there 's more .
So much more .
We all know that publishers and platform holders do n't give two square craps about videogames , but nobody seems to make it more obvious than Microsoft .
The Xbox 360 platform apparently revels in its own greed , rubbing it in the faces of consumers .
Nothing makes that more clear than the fact that Xbox Live is apparently ad supported , even though gamers are charged a subscription fee for the privilege of playing games online .
Far be it from me to tell a business how to run itself .
I'm a Libertarian , and thus recognize that Microsoft has a right to charge what it wants , and put adverts wherever it pleases .
However , I also have a right to say when a company is being a dick , and to note that just because someone has a right , that does n't make what they 're doing right .
As a consumer , I am incredibly curious as to what it is that we 're paying for , since Microsoft is raking it in from advertisers and sponsors , not to mention game and system sales , and all manner of microtransactions .
Speaking of microtransactions , why the fuck am I being expected to pay 240 Microsoft Points for a BioShock 2 theme on the Xbox 360 , when the PlayStation Network is offering its own theme for absolutely bugger - all ?
The typical counter to such a complaint is , " If you do n't like it , do n't buy it , " and trust me , I wo n't .
However , it 's a practical insult to the Xbox 360 install base to expect payment for that which is free on another system .
I am gladly downloading the PS3 theme , but the 360 theme can go get fucked .
The whole " Premium Theme " garbage is disgusting anyway .
The fact that Microsoft was charging for themes on the old dashboard , up to and including the time when they knew they'd be forcing us over to the New Xbox Experience , is absolutely despicable .
People were ostensibly tricked into paying for something that was going to be obsolete within weeks , and Microsoft happily took the cash .
Then when the NXE rolled around , the price for themes was changed from 160 Points to 250 Points .
This is n't helped by the fact that NXE themes look like trash anyway .
Maybe it would n't be so bad if publishers had the freedom to make themes free , but they do n't .
When Jonathan Blow released a premium Braid theme , he revealed that Microsoft would not allow him to launch it without letting the 250 Point charge stand .
While we 're talking about Braid , let 's also mention Microsoft 's decision to charge 1200 MS Points for the game , just because the publisher knew it could .
In a manner similar to what Activision is doing with Modern Warfare 2 in the UK , Microsoft used the hype for Braid to test a new pricing precedent .
A few games had been released for 1200 Points in the past on XBLA , but it was Braid that let Microsoft know they could get away with turning it into a regular price .
Now nearly every top - tier XBLA game is expected to come out at 1200 Points , when once they were 800 .
Part of the problem here , of course , rests on the shoulders of the consumer .
Had we not basically told Microsoft that 1200 Points was acceptable , it would n't have happened , but unfortunately Microsoft now has carte blanche to invoke what I like to call a " hype tax " on its most high profile XBLA games .
Even though consumers allowed it , there 's still something offensive about a company rewarding gamers for their interest and loyalty by essentially holding a game they want to ransom .
Then there 's just the general stupid shit Microsoft seems to enjoy doing .
Like constantly trying to copy the Wii in a transparent and rather pathetic attempt to be as successful as Nintendo .
Avatars that were shoved into Xbox Live , do n't really do very much , yet still expect customers to pay for their stupid clothes .
Nonsensical , barely - tested casual games like Lips that are given pride of place even though Microsoft 's intended audience is n't paying attention .
Do n't even get me started on Project Natal , and the ludicrous amounts of bluster that MS is putting behind it .
Microsoft has made it clear that it wants to be as mainstream as Nintendo , but has given no indication that it knows how to do it , instead trying to awkwardly reach out to a market Nintendo cornered , while alienating the market MS already has .
Please remember , this is not an indictment of the Xbox 360 .
I love the system .
However , the Xbox 360 is kind of like a drunk driver getting into a horrible car crash , then pulling his passengers free of the wreckage and heroically saving their lives .
Sure , they 're incredibly grateful for the brave thing he did , but he should n't have been fucking drunk driving in the first place .
For all the good that the Xbox 360 has done , the harebrained men behind it have made sure that this generation for Xbox fans is a generation overshadowed by fear , disappointment and getting royally fucked in the ass .
The sad thing is ... it 's really working out well for them .
No Republican will admit it in public , but in private they will admit that their typical attacks on democrats - that they are liberal / socialist / weak on defense / will tax you to death / will take all your money / are letting illegal immigrants into the country / cozy up to terrorists / will kill all your children / will let pedophiles into your house - are no longer working .
As such , the Republicans have adopted a two - step plan to regain power , a plan so grotesque that it would make Machiavelli sick to his stomach .
First - the Republicans will continue to suggest that Obama is weak on terrorism and the Democrats can't protect " the American people " and " our precious children . "
They do n't expect anyone to buy into this ... they merely want to be on record as having been saying it , " warning " us over and over about this alleged " fact . "
It 's passive fearmongering ( as opposed to active fearmongering , the Republicans ' typical M.O. ) .
Why do they want to be on record with this fearmongering ?
Simple - it goes to step two of their plan .
Step two - from their Bible study groups or their NASCAR races , the Republicans are sitting around hoping and praying to Jesus that there will be a major terrorist attack on American soil .
They desperately want this to happen so they can blame Obama and cite it as " proof " that he and the Democrats cannot protect the American people from terrorists ( " like we did for seven and a half years ! " ) .
I should note that by " terrorist attack " they mean Islamic - based terrorist attack .
Christian - based terrorist attacks , like the one that happened to Dr. Tiller at his church last week are perfectly acceptable to the Republicans , and thus wo n't be blamed on Obama .
Not one Republican has so much as suggested that the death of Dr. Tiller to a radical , domestic faith - based terrorist was due to a failure of the Obama Administration 's homeland security policies .
So , the Republicans want Islamic terrorists to kill Americans on American soil , because they know that this will be the only chance they have of regaining political power .
Could they really be so callous to American lives ?
Yes , and this is why everyone needs to be aware of this Republican strategy .
They see Obama , with his black skin and liberal , non-fascist ideals , to be the death of America .
Just the other day Rush Limbaugh stated that the terrorists need to hurry up if they want to destroy America , " because Obama might beat them to it . "
Of course he 'll say he said it tongue - in - cheek , but that 's not what he'd say in private when talking to fellow anti-Obama conservatives .
This begs the question - would a Republican actively give aid or otherwise assist an Islamic terrorist in carrying out an attack on American soil ?
Objectively speaking , if America were truly at risk of being destroyed and the murder of a few hundred , or even a few thousand , Americans would save the country , would it not be worth it in the long run ?
We sacrifice many American lives in wars - wars that we fight for reasons far less important than the actual survival of America .
I think a small number of liberals would find it worth a number of dead Americans to have prevented the damage caused by the Bush Administration .
A " worthy sacrifice . "
Republicans are far more dedicated to the proposition that the ends justify the means than are the Democrats , so I can foresee a large number of Republicans who would not only have no problem with a terrorist attack that kills 5,000 +
American citizens if they believe it will let the regain power and end Obama 's " destruction of America " - but I think a significant number of Republicans would help the terrorists , if given the chance .
" Help " may mean nothing more than fail to alert the authorities of a confirmed terrorist plot .
Some will say this is all based on a false premise - that a terrorist attack the Republicans could blame on the Democrats would enable the Republicans to regain control .
That may be true .
I 'm not saying the Republican 's plan will actually work , I 'm just pointing out what their plan currently is .
However , there is a distinct double - standard between how Democrats and Republicans are treated in terms of responsibility for terrorist attacks .
To my great dismay , it seems most people do n't even know that 9 - 11 happened on the Republican 's watch - and the Republicans get credit for " keeping us safe from terrorists for 7 and a half years . "
( Why not a full 8 years ?
Yeah , exactly ... ) .
Meanwhile , could you imagine what would have happened if 9 - 11 had happened while Al Gore had been president ?
The Democrats would be finished - no Democrat would win so much as a school board election ever again .
Note : I do n't want to discuss the hypothetical of whether or not 9 - 11 would have happened if Gore had been president instead of Bush .
As we all know , 9 - 11 was the best thing to happen to Bush and the Republicans .
For some Republicans like Rudy Guiliani , it gave their lives meaning and gave them a mantra to repeat over and over again .
For other Republicans , it gave them an excuse to consolidate federal executive powers and act outside the confines of the law , with unquestionable and unlimited authority .
For those Republicans with an itch to torture people , even they got to ' get off ' on their sadistic fantasies with 9 - 11 as justification .
I hope I 'm wrong , but I happen to think that the Republicans ' " wait for terrorist attack , blame Democrats , say 'we told you so ' " plan is actually their only possible hope of regaining political power in America .
I do n't know if it will work , but I think it 's their best shot , and I guarantee you - they know that , too .
Quite frankly , I think there is a very good chance that the American people would turn on Obama and go back to the Republicans if ( when ) there is another domestic , Islamic terrorist attack .
Americans by their nature are a cowardly , easily frightened people who want more than anything else to feel comforted .
After the horrors of a deadly terrorist attack , a calm , steady , thoughtful , rational President Obama would not be as comforting to most Americans as a wild - eyed Republican screaming " let 's kill 'em all and get blood for vengeance ! "
My biggest concern , however , is the self - claimed " patriotic " FBI , CIA , or Secret Service Agent who hates Obama , is a loyal Republican , and wants the Republicans back in power ... you know - " to save America from communism and high taxes . "
While I have no doubt that 99.9999 % of FBI / CIA / SS Agents are incredibly loyal , competent , and would never consider anything less than absolute perfection in performance of their job duties , I fear that there might be just one or two out there who are actually willing to intentionally put the President and / or the American people in danger for what they misguidedly consider to be " the greater good " - the resurgence of the Republican Party and the ousting of Obama and the Democrats .
In conclusion , I think the Democrats need to be a little bit more proactive in making some attempt to preclude this Republican strategy .
After all , even with 110 % vigilance , as long as we live in a free and open society , it 's only a matter of time before there is another terrorist attack .
It 's not a question of " if " but " when " - and the Democrats should not let the Republicans sit around and passively take advantage of that horrible inevitability .
Smiling and saying " we told you so " should not be a strategy for dealing with terrorism when a party is not in power .
Unfortunately , fearmongering and murdering abortion doctors are the only things Republicans know how to do .
I could be reading from the Nacogdoches phone book to you right now and you would n't care .
You saw " nude zoey " and clicked the link , right ?
Hope your boss / girlfriend / mom is n't in the room .
Advertisement
Modder Zaigo has painstakingly recreated Zoey as a quite deshabille zombie fighter .
It goes without saying that if you go to L4D mods to view all the nude Zoey screenshots , you should consider that you are looking at porn .
Notes the creator :
This is not a skin , this is a completely new model for Zoey .
She has some clothes on , but hardly enough to cover anything at all .
You will also notice that her " lovelies " bounce when she runs or walks and Francis , Louis and Bill can't stop staring .
Now get your tissues out , lock the door , download the mod and enjoy , you pervert .
Advertisement
I like it that this guy calls me a pervert .
That 's like getting a disapproving glance from the clerk working at a porn store .
I might be a creep , but they work at a porn store .
And this guy spent God - knows - how - many hours retouching Zoey 's labia just so he could get her triangular love patch to Penthouse quality .
Next up , nude infected !
Who wants to help me render some decaying Boomer dong ?
Zoey Gets a Make - Over. NSFW [ L4D Mods , thanks Stephan ]
Subscribe and get comics in your inbox .
The 6 Types of Crappy Hugs Hugging is awkward .
Here 's the 6 worst types .
It may be natural for Linux aficionados to get upset when someone criticizes their favorite operating system , but that does n’t make it any easier to bear .
So when some less - than - flattering comments about Linux were revealed recently — made back in January by none other than Google Chrome developer ( and ex-Firefox lead ) Ben Goodger — many Linux bloggers were dismayed .
Goodger had been working on the Linux port of the Chromium project , for which the alpha was recently released .
Ars Technica reviewed the alpha , concluding that it ’s “ shaping up nicely , ” but there was apparently much frustration along the way .
“ This entire situation is a clusterf*ck , ” wrote Goodger earlier this year .
“ I am not happy with the technical constraints imposed by Linux and its assorted UIs on Chrome ’s UI and feature set . ”
Is it even possible to take criticisms like that lying down ?
Not if the Linux community is on the receiving end , you can be sure .
Time for Standardization ?
On Slashdot , jeevesbond called attention to the story , noting that Adobe has been “ getting twitchy about the glibc fork ” and had previously described Linux ’s various audio systems as “ welcome to the jungle . ”
Such comments led jeevesbond to wonder , in fact , if it ’s “ time to concentrate on consolidation and standardisation in GNU / Linux in general , and the desktop in particular ? ”
Was there any shortage of opinions on * that * juicy topic ?
Not on Planet Linux !
‘ Linux Is a Server OS ’
“ Good luck , ” began Mikkeles .
“ It was time 10 years ago when Linux was first gaining real momentum in that area , ” added bonch .
“ I remember posting Slashdot comments about it and getting told Linux was about ‘ choice ’ and that if I did n’t like it , I should contribute code .
Ten years later , even Google is bashing Linux for it .
I bet nothing will change even now .
“ Linux is a server OS , only used on the desktop by enthusiasts , ” bonch added .
“ Accept it , because the kind of standardized APIs that are needed are not going to happen with the attitudes that this community has . ”
Indeed , well nigh 1,000 comments had been made on the topic in less than a week , so we here at LinuxInsider knew the question needed some closer examination .
‘ Citing Irrelevant Points ’
“ I am a supporter of Google on the whole , but I think they really mishandled Chrome on a number of points , ” Slashdot blogger Enderandrew told LinuxInsider .
First , “ they started a project that they intended to eventually be multiplatform , but utilized coders who only knew how to make very Windows - centric software , ” he said .
“ In doing so , they made life difficult on themselves in the porting process . ”
Perhaps more to the point , “ instead of accepting responsibility for their choice — every choice comes with an opportunity cost — they instead divert blame to the Linux platform , citing irrelevant points , ” Enderandrew explained .
‘ Problematic Toolkit ’
Google also “ chose a problematic toolkit that wo n’t easily match the appearance and functionality of the Mac or Windows ports , but then later claimed the main reason they did n’t use Qt from the get - go is that multiplatform toolkits would restrict them in exactly this capacity , ” Enderandrew added .
“ Not only is this statement not true of Qt , the reality is that they chose a toolkit that does n’t serve their needs well . ”
GTK , in fact , is also “ being criticized by many Gnome / GTK developers , to the extent that GTK is about to see a fairly large overhaul [ and ] retooling as they approach a 3.0 release , ” he noted .
“ This means that even after Chrome is ported to GTK , it will likely need to be updated again for GTK 3 . ”
Had they used Qt , on the other hand , the Chrome developers could have shipped “ a product for Windows , Mac , Linux and Solaris on the same day , ” Enderandrew asserted .
‘ I Am Extremely Disappointed ’
Finally , Google made “ the foolish decision to have completely different forks for the different platforms , which makes contributions harder , provides more bugs , hurts the consistency of the product , and overall makes maintenance of the code vastly more difficult , ” Enderandrew opined .
“ This decision is the hardest to justify .
“ With very different platform forks , Chrome will operate , perform , look andbehave differently on different platforms , ” he concluded .
“ As someone who uses Linux and Windows daily , I wish Firefox was more consistent on bothplatforms , and I am extremely disappointed that Google has decided notto value consistency . ”
Others , however , took no offense at Goodger ’s comments .
“ I did n’t see the words as particularly harsh or even unwarranted , ” Chris Travers , a Slashdot blogger who works on the LedgerSMB project , told LinuxInsider .
“ The reaction to the thread is fairly overblown , though . ”
‘ Simply Settle On a Toolkit ’
The basic issue , Travers asserted , “ is that Linux does not offer the consistency that Google wants for Chrome , and this leaves them with a few options .
“ However , it seems to me that the initial way forward would be to simply settle on a toolkit — GTK or QT– and make a great browser using that , ” he added .
“ If later one wants to support the other as well , they can do that .
Nearly every system comes with the options of both GTK and QT , and these play together reasonably well . ”
If users are uncomfortable “ using multiple inconsistent widget sets , they probably are n’t using Linux with anything more than the default applications for their desktops , ” he concluded .
“ Chrome wo n’t make headway with these users anyway , so why not just choose whichever toolkit meets their needs best and run with that ? ”
‘ It Would Be Good to Standardize ’
Nothing in FLOSS , GPL or GNU / Linux precludes standardization , blogger Robert Pogson asserted .
“ Many FLOSS packages are created to fill a niche and are not intended to be on every desktop , ” he told LinuxInsider .
“ GNU / Linux on the desktop has reached a tipping point where , for efficiency , it would be good to standardize a desktop environment and its libraries .
Major players would likely be interested in calling a conference to hash this out . ”
Goodger ’s problem , however , “ is not so much the Linux libraries but the fact that he ’s trying to wedge them into some sort of internally designed cross- platform wedge , ” Montreal consultant and Slashdot blogger Gerhard Mack told LinuxInsider .
“ I suspect that ‘ views ’ needs more changes than the Linux libraries do . ”
‘ Too Many Choices ’
The problem comes when developers approach Linux GUI apps such as browsers at abstraction layers , Slashdot blogger yagu told LinuxInsider .
“ There are myriad available options , all with good and bad features , but mostly incompatible at some levels — and impossibly incompatible when writing something as complex as a browser , ” he explained .
“ It would n’t be hard to port Chrome in one context — say , Gnome — but onceyou ’ve picked that as your target , using Gnome paradigms , widgets , libraries and tools , you now have something almost guaranteed not to work as designed in KDE , ” yagu asserted .
“ This is probably the big downside to developers for Linux GUIs : literally too many choices creating too much work . ”
The ultimate solution “ is to develop and port GUI applications to the lower - levelgraphics engines , but that would be Xwindows , and that borders on a lostdiscipline , ” yagu added .
“ Certainly it is difficult and labor - intensive .
The finished product with this approach is much more compatible across the Linux desktops , but at the same time lacks in specific desktop enhancements through special APIs . ”
It is a solvable problem , yagu concluded — “ I ’d choose the Xwindows approach ” — but “ there wo n’t be any solution that makes all Linux users happy . ”
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) -- With Congress about to take up sweeping climate - change legislation , expect to hear more in coming weeks from John Christy , director of the Earth System Science Center at University of Alabama - Huntsville .
A veteran climatologist who refuses to accept any research funding from the oil or auto industries , Christy was a lead author of the 2001 Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change report as well as one of the three authors of the American Geophysical Union 's landmark 2003 statement on climate change .
Yet despite those green - sounding credentials , Christy is not calling for draconian cuts in carbon emissions .
Quite the contrary .
Christy is actually the environmental lobby 's worst nightmare - an accomplished climate scientist with no ties to Big Oil who has produced reams and reams of data that undermine arguments that the earth 's atmosphere is warming at an unusual rate and question whether the remedies being talked about in Congress will actually do any good .
Christy 's critics in the blogosphere assume his research is funded by the oil industry .
But Christy has testified in federal court that his research is funded by the National Oceanic & Atmospheric Administration and that the only money he has ever received from corporate interests - $ 2,000 from the Competitive Enterprise Institute for penning a chapter of a global warming book in 2002 - he gave away to a charity , the Christian Women 's Job Corps .
His most controversial argument is that the surface temperature readings upon which global warming theory is built have been distorted by urbanization .
Due to the solar heat captured by bricks and pavement and due to the changing wind patterns caused by large buildings , a weather station placed in a rural village in 1900 will inevitably show higher temperature readings if that village has , over time , been transformed into small city or a suburban shopping district , Christy says .
The only way to control for such surface distortions is by measuring atmospheric temperatures .
And when Christy and his co-researcher Roy Spencer , a former NASA scientist now teaching at UA - Huntsville , began analyzing temperature readings from NOAA and NASA satellites , they found much slighter increases in atmospheric temperatures than what was being recorded on the surface .
Christy and Spencer also found that nearly all the increases in average surface temperatures are related to nighttime readings - which makes sense if bricks and pavement are in fact retaining heat that would otherwise be dispersed .
In testimony to the House Ways and Means Committee in February , Christy displayed a chart showing central California temperature trends for both the developed San Joaquin Valley and the largely undeveloped Sierra foothills .
" The daytime temperatures of both regions show virtually no change over the past 100 years , while the nighttime temperatures indicate the developed Valley has warmed significantly while the undeveloped Sierra foothills have not , " Christy told the committee .
I recently spoke with Christy about his controversial research .
Why did you help write the 2001 IPCC report and the 2003 AGU statement on climate change if you disagreed with their fundamental conclusions ?
With the 2001 IPCC report , the material in there over which I had control was satisfactory to me .
I would n't say I agreed with other parts .
As far as the AGU , I thought that was a fine statement because it did not put forth a magnitude of the warming .
We just said that human effects have a warming influence , and that 's certainly true .
There was nothing about disaster or catastrophe .
In fact , I was very upset about the latest AGU statement [ in 2007 ] .
It was about alarmist as you can get .
When you testified before Ways and Means , did you have any sense that committee members on either side were open to having their minds changed ?
Or are views set in stone at this point ?
Generally people believe what they want to believe , so their minds will not change .
However , as the issue is exposed in terms of economics and cost benefit - in my view , it 's all cost and no benefit - I think some of the people will take one step backward and say , Let me investigate the science a little more closely .
In laymen 's terms , what 's wrong with the surface temperature readings that are widely used to make the case for global warming ?
First is the placement of the temperature stations .
They 're placed in convenient locations that might be in a parking lot or near a house and thus get extra heating from these human structures .
Over time , there 's been the development of areas into farms or buildings or parking lots .
Also , a number of these weather stations have become electronic , and many of them were moved to a place where there is electricity , which is usually right outside a building .
As a result , there 's a natural warming tendency , especially in the nighttime temperatures , that has been misinterpreted as greenhouse warming .
Are there any negative consequences to this localized warming ?
It 's a small impact , but there is an indication that major thunderstorms are more likely to form downwind of major cities like St. Louis and Atlanta .
The extra heating of the city causes the air to rise with a little more punch .
Have you been able to confirm your satellite temperature readings by other means ?
Weather balloons .
We take satellite shots at the same place where the balloon is released so we 're looking at the same column of air .
Our satellite data compares exceptionally well to the balloon data .
During your House Ways and Means testimony , you showed a chart juxtaposing predictions made by NASA 's Jim Hansen in 1988 for future temperature increases against the actual recorded temperature increases over the past 20 years .
Not only were the actual increases much lower , but they were lower than what Hansen expected if there were drastic cuts in CO2 emissions - which of course there have n't been .
[ Hansen is a noted scientist who was featured prominently in Al Gore 's global warming documentary , " An Inconvenient Truth . " ]
Hansen was at that hearing .
Did he say anything to you afterwards ?
We really do n't communicate .
We serve on a committee for NASA together , but it only deals with specific satellite issues .
At the Ways and Means hearing , he was sitting two people down from me , but he did not want to engage any of the evidence I presented .
And that seems to be the preferred tactic of many in the alarmist camp .
Rather than bring up these issues , they simply ignore them .
( Contacted by Fortune , Hansen acknowledges that his 1988 projections were based on a model that " slightly " overstated the warming created by a doubling in CO2 levels .
His new model posits a rise of 3 degrees Celsius in global temperatures by 2100 , vs. 4.2 degrees in the old one .
Says Hansen , " The projections that the public has been hearing about are based on a climate sensitivity that is consistent with the global warming rate of the past few decades . "
Christy 's response : " Hansen at least admits his 1988 forecasts were wrong , but does n't say they were way wrong , not ' slightly , ' as he states . "
Christy also claims that even Hansen 's revised models grossly overestimated the amount of warming that has actually occurred . )
I know you think there 's been something of a hysteria in the media about melting glaciers .
Could you explain ?
Ice melts .
Glaciers are always calving .
This is what ice does .
If ice did not melt , we 'd have an ice - covered planet .
The fact is that the ice cover is growing in the southern hemisphere even as the ice cover is more or less shrinking in the northern hemisphere .
As you and I are talking today , global sea ice coverage is about 400,000 square kilometers above the long - term average - which means that the surplus in the Antarctic is greater than the deficit in the Arctic .
What about the better - safe - than - sorry argument ?
Even if there 's a chance Gore and Hansen are wrong , should n't we still take action in order to protect ourselves from catastrophe , just in case they 're right ?
The problem is that the solutions being offered do n't provide any detectable relief from this so - called catastrophe .
Congress is now discussing an 80 % reduction in U.S. greenhouse emissions by 2050 .
That 's basically the equivalent of building 1,000 new nuclear power plants all operating by 2020 .
Now I 'm all in favor of nuclear energy , but that would affect the global temperature by only seven - hundredths of a degree by 2050 and fifteen hundredths by 2100 .
We would n't even notice it .
Two Onondaga Nation teenagers were jailed on arson and burglary charges after two Sunday morning fires left one church in ruins and damaged another .
Jacob Homer , 16 , of 277A Hemlock Road , and Dylan M. Antone , 17 , Route 11A , were charged with third - degree arson and third - degree burglary , both felonies .
They were arraigned Sunday night in DeWitt Town Court and were being held in lieu of $ 50,000 bail .
Onondaga County sheriff 's deputies learned the teens ' identities when people they interviewed reported seeing them near the churches before the fires , said Onondaga County Sheriff 's Office Sgt. Bob Burns .
A crew of firefighters was knocking down the Wesleyan Chapel among the Onondagas about 4 p.m. Sunday .
A few doors away on Route 11A , the United Methodist Church Onondaga Mission stood boarded up .
Two other churches , the Onondaga Nation Seventh - day Adventist Church and the Episcopal Church of the Good Shepherd , are nearby along Route 11A near the Onondaga Nation School .
No services were taking place at the time of the fires .
The fire at the Wesleyan church was reported at 8:20 a.m. ; the fire at the United Methodist church was reported at 9 a.m. , Burns said .
Fire crews from the Onondaga Nation , Nedrow , LaFayette and South Onondaga fought the fires for about two hours , Burns said .
Sunday afternoon , a few members of the United Methodist congregation sat in the Seventh - day Adventist church , which is next door .
Rosalie Schotanus , who said she has attended the United Methodist church for more than 30 years , said she suggested her congregation meet next Sunday on the church 's lawn .
Bruce W. Wilkinson , former pastor of the Seventh - day Adventist church , said that church had offered space to the congregations of the two churches .
The Seventh - day Adventist Church itself sustained minor fire damage in June 2007 .
Onondaga County sheriff 's deputes said an accelerant was used to start the fire at the church at 3200 Route 11A , according to Post - Standard archives .
Wilkinson said church members also put mesh on the inside of windows after rocks were thrown at the church .
He said that when officials identified a suspect in the 2007 fire , the church chose not to prosecute .
" We found out when this church was burned there are a lot of people in support of Christian churches , " Wilkinson said .
He said the Christian churches have held joint programs and said Onondaga leaders have attended events at the churches .
Elma Vigliotti , 83 , a Nation resident and a lifelong member of the Wesleyan Chapel , was heartbroken to see the damage to the white - painted wood church .
" I had to see it for myself , " she said .
She said she donated an organ to the church at least 20 years ago .
Her daughter , Roseann Hulett , of Elmira , was baptized there , as were two of her children .
She said she and her husband were married at the neighboring United Methodist church 38 years ago because there had been a fire at the Wesleyan Chapel .
" It 's a beautiful church , " she said , a camera dangling from her wrist .
" It was nice inside .
It was what you thought of as an old country church . "
She looked to the bell tower , where a blackened bell was barely visible .
" They rang the bell when someone died , " she said .
" It 's not going to ring anymore .
It 's very sad . "
At their arraignments in Dewitt Town Court , Homer and Antone quietly answered Town Justice David Gideon 's questions .
They said they had no prior convictions .
Their court - appointed attorneys entered not guilty pleas to all charges and asked that the judge release them .
Gideon said he was setting bail at the level requested by the district attorney 's office because he was n't certain what the defendants ' status would be if they returned to the Onondaga Nation .
" It creates a flight risk , " he said .
--
Renée K. Gadoua can be reached at rgadoua@syracuse.com or 470-2203 .
Get information on education programs that could help you increase your earning power .
Enlarge By Elizabeth Debeliso for USA TODAY
After taking a buyout from his job as an auto engineer , Ed Wozniak became an intensive care nurse .
Above , he tends to a patient at a hospital in Royal Oak , Mich .
WHERE ARE THE JOBS ?
WHERE ARE THE JOBS ?
FORECASTS FOR REBOUND :
Map shows the latest outlook for all 50 states and 384 metro areas , by job sectors .
Looking for a job ? :
Try our Quick Job Search widget powered by CareerBuilder .
The automotive industry was the only life Ed Wozniak knew .
As a teenager , he would take apart vintage cars , soup them up and put them back together in a weekend .
His father was a machine repairman , and Wozniak got an apprenticeship doing similar work for Chrysler But in late 2007 , after he took a buyout to avoid his second layoff in five years , the 17 - year veteran had enough .
At 35 , he started classes at a Michigan university and is now an intensive care nurse earning about $ 55,000 , far less than his former annual pay of $ 80,000 .
" I thought it was always going to be a struggle from here on out , with people cutting back and foreign automakers coming in , " says Wozniak , of Royal Oak , Mich .
" It was time to move on . "
Millions of Americans are making dramatic career turnabouts in this withering recession as a range of industries — including those involving cars , finance , real estate and construction — are shedding hundreds of thousands of jobs , many of which analysts say likely wo n't return for years , if ever .
Meanwhile , fields such as health care , clean energy , computer science and the government are expected to grow robustly in coming years .
The reshuffling has workers in shrinking sectors racing to retool for spots in expanding fields .
Transitions can be arduous , often forcing the unemployed to spend thousands of dollars to acquire new skills and take pay cuts in their new slots .
And there 's no guarantee of a job .
Such structural shifts in employment are common in economic downturns .
Some industries cut positions permanently by becoming more efficient or less vibrant .
That 's what happened to railroads in the early 1980s downturn and communications in the slump of 2001 .
A 2003 study by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York found permanent job losses rose sharply in the past two recessions compared with the previous four .
It blamed overexpansion during boom times , efficiency gains and the growing use of overseas and temporary workers .
Study co-author and New York Fed economist Erica Groshen says permanent job cuts are likely even greater in the current slump because of widespread layoffs in sectors such as autos and finance .
Permanent losses About 45 % of the 6.5 million Americans who joined the jobless rolls in this downturn lost their positions permanently , according to the Labor Department .
The rest included people on temporary layoffs and those who quit jobs .
By contrast , people who lost jobs permanently made up about 35 % of the unemployed in the 1990 - 91 and 2001 recessions .
The realignment is touching off a scramble that 's turning auto industry veterans into clean - energy pioneers , Wall Street highfliers into math teachers and construction workers into aviation mechanics .
According to a CareerBuilder survey this year , 71 % of workers who were laid off and have n't found work said they 're looking for jobs outside their fields .
The shift will keep the 9.5 % jobless rate high for a longer period , perhaps over 6 % even after an economic recovery , some economists say .
Many workers will take years training for new jobs and then finding them .
Still others lack the skills to reinvent themselves .
" There 'll be a great skills mismatch that persists into the recovery , " says Bruce Kasman , chief economist for JPMorgan Chase .
Many laid - off manufacturing workers , for example , lack skills for jobs in growing fields such as information technology , says Wachovia chief economist John Silvia .
One sign of the imbalance :
Even in a bruising recession , high - skill fields such as computers and health care have more than twice as many online job ads as unemployed workers , a Conference Board report shows .
The federal government is trying to ease the pain .
The economic stimulus package is channeling $ 4 billion over three years to retrain and place laid - off workers in new jobs .
That includes $ 500 million for clean - energy jobs such as solar - energy system installation .
" The transition into new fields can be difficult , " Labor Secretary Hilda Solis says .
But , " There are opportunities , even in the current economic climate . "
Michigan 's No Worker Left Behind program has trained 81,700 workers since August 2007 , according to the state Department of Energy , Labor and Economic Growth .
While the state is trying to attract green jobs , it can't offset huge losses , especially in the auto industry .
From 2005 to 2008 , Michigan gained 2,500 new jobs in clean energy and 27,100 in health care — a fraction of the 303,000 positions the state lost the past year .
Wozniak , 36 , turned to nursing after a lifetime in the car industry , first at Chrysler , then , after he was laid off in 2002 , at supplier Visteon .
But when Visteon closed a few plants in 2005 , Wozniak took some undergraduate anatomy and biology classes .
" It seemed like ( nursing ) was always on the top of the list of secure positions , " he says .
Plus , " When my two girls were born , watching the nurses , I thought it was pretty exciting . "
Wozniak 's one - year nursing program at Oakland University cost $ 20,000 , of which $ 5,000 was paid by the No Worker Left Behind program .
He used most of his $ 20,000 buyout from Visteon to pay the rest .
But Wozniak struggled .
" It was hard to get back into the groove of " studying .
He got a C - plus in his first class , psychology .
But he devised a regimen , leaving the house nightly to study at a library to avoid distractions .
He graduated with honors in December .
Classes were interspersed with hospital rounds .
" The first time was scary .
You never want to hurt anybody . "
In January , he started at Royal Oak Beaumont Hospital .
" It 's more gratifying than going to work in a factory , " he says .
" You 're making an impact on somebody 's life . "
Something different Wozniak enjoys diagnosing patients ' needs based on their symptoms and sees similarities with his old job .
" The human body is kind of like a big machine , " he says .
At the same time , he adds , " Every day is something different . "
The auto industry " was kind of monotonous after a while . "
Despite the pay cut , he hopes to specialize and eventually exceed his auto industry pay .
Wages will shrink more sharply for Mary Kunka , a 24 - year Wall Street executive who will soon teach high school math .
Formerly a senior vice president for Lehman Bros. , Kunka , 45 , was at the center of last year 's financial storm , bundling hotel and office loans into commercial mortgage - backed securities as she sat at a tiny cubicle on a vast trading floor .
" I liked using my math skills to make things as profitable as you can , " she says .
" It was fast - paced .
There was a lot of pressure . "
But mortgage - backed securities are now deemed " toxic assets " amid a commercial real estate slump .
When Lehman went bankrupt last fall , Kunka lost her job .
She turned down an offer to dispose of troubled assets for a fraction of her former mid-six - figure salary , at longer hours .
In May , she saw a newspaper article about a federally funded New Jersey Labor Department program called Traders to Teachers , which trains financial workers to be high school math teachers in three months .
She starts in September and is guaranteed a teaching job in January .
Normally , aspiring math teachers must have majored in math or have two years of college courses .
For Kunka , the opportunity fulfills a 25 - year - old dream that fell by the wayside when she got a summer job at a small brokerage .
" It 's challenging to get up every day in front of a bunch of kids and see if you can make them enjoy and understand math .
It takes me out of my comfort zone . "
Math teacher salaries start at about $ 45,000 , much less than she could have earned at the Wall Street job she turned down .
But when the New Jersey resident figures the costs to commute to Manhattan for a finance job and pay a full - time babysitter , and factors in the summers she 'll have off at her new one to spend with her two kids , Kunka says the pay disparity was nominal .
She and her husband , an insurance executive , will tone down a lifestyle that included sometimes - lavish vacations .
" I consider myself a pretty good person , " she says .
" This is an opportunity to give back . "
Melissa Dovey worries more about making ends meet .
The 47 - year - old real estate broker was riding high during the housing boom , selling 20 homes a month at a Naples , Fla. , development and earning $ 80,000 a year .
" Everybody was making all kinds of money , " she says .
Plus , " I loved talking to people . "
An unraveling market But when the market started to unravel in January 2007 , Dovey 's pace slowed to a sale every six months .
To pay the bills , she drained her $ 130,000 in retirement savings .
Dovey recently got a $ 26,000 job with the state Department of Revenue , helping divorced parents collect child - support payments from deadbeat spouses .
She 's also training at Edison State College to be a network administrator , a path she chose because she has some experience working at a computer help desk .
It 's a two - year program that pays her $ 9,000 tuition .
She says she can eventually earn more than $ 40,000 a year .
" These ups and downs ( in real estate ) are too tough , " she says .
" At least the state and federal government seem to have some stability and great benefits . "
Despite the successes , many prospective students walk out of orientation sessions when they learn it can take a year or more to earn certifications .
" We 've had them say , ' By the time I get through that , I will have lost my home , ' " says Cindy Lewis , Edison State 's enrollment dean .
Others cling to hopes they 'll find a job in their chosen field .
After losing his $ 75,000 - a- year construction foreman job early last fall , Michael Day , 50 , of San Bernardino County , Calif. , hunted for a similar gig for about six months .
" I loved taking a bare piece of land and turning it into a work of art , " Day says .
A few months ago , he relented and took a two - month truck - driving course through the county 's workforce development board .
The widower hopes to snare a job starting at about $ 35,000 carrying cargo cross-country " just to pay my bills and live out the years I have left .
" All I 've got to do now is push on the gas , push on the brake and hold the steering wheel straight , " he says , though he frets about aggressive drivers and finding a clean place to shower .
His county has pegged transportation as a hot area , but Day has yet to land a job : " I 'm assuming it 's because of the economy . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Pressed by Sen. Russ Feingold ( D - Wis. ) on his view of whether the Bush administration ’s warrantless wiretapping program was illegal , Attorney General Eric Holder said the program was " unwise " and " inconsistent " with the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act ( FISA ) -- but repeatedly and painstakingly refused to call it " illegal , " which it was .
During the campaign , Obama promised ,
the President 's illegal program of warrantless surveillance will be over .
Holder has previously said that warrantless surveillance is illegal .
But the tortured exchange yesterday speaks more loudly than my paraphrasing :
Feingold :
Is there any doubt in your mind that the warrantless wiretapping program was illegal ?
Holder :
As it was put together at the time it was certainly unwise ...
It now exists with congressional approval , so the concerns I addressed in that speech [ referring to a speech at the American Constitution Society before he became Attorney General ] no longer exist .
Feingold : I asked if it was illegal , not unwise .
Holder : I thought actions the administration had taken were inconsistent with the dictates of FISA .
And as a result I thought the policy was an unwise one .
The concerns I addressed then have been remedied by Congress .
Feingold : Was it illegal ?
Holder : I said it was inconsistent with the dictates of FISA .
Feingold :
That sounds awfully mild compared to a very clear statement and very clear principle here ...
Many people like me believe that if the statute is that explicit then it is unconstitutional for the president and illegal for the president to override the express will of the Congress .
Holder : I think what I ’m saying now is consistent with what I ’m saying in the speech .
( If you want the full affect , you can watch it here : http://judiciary.senate.gov/...)
In English , this tortured exchange signals that the Justice Department will not prosecute anyone for one of the biggest crimes in the Bush administration : warrantless wiretapping .
Ironically , this statement occurred on the same day that we learned from the New York Times ' Eric Lichtblau and James Risen ( the reporters who initially broke the electronic eavesdripping scandal ) that the NSA overcollected American 's e-mails in the millions .
Holder said he had not read the article , which is hard to believe , given that most of the senators on the Judiciary Committee had , and three of them questioned Holder on it .
The NSA 's spying on domestic e-mail is far more extensive than previously thought , even under the new , relaxed FISA law enacted last year gave the NSA greater leeway to collect our private communications as long as it was only the " incidental byproduct " of investigating people " reasonably believed " to be overseas .
That there is virtually no coverage of this in the MSM is the mildest of my disappointments on this issue .
A
fter Oprah , but before Tyra , there was the Webb .
Veronica Webb .
The supermodel , journalist , author and TV personality seemingly had it all going for her and was the " it " girl in the late 1990s .
The World Wide Web was just getting its legs back then , the air was pregnant with possibilities and the tall , slender Webb was connected with both New York 's and Hollywood 's elite .
At her height she had a segment on " Good Morning America , " was a contributing writer to the New York Times magazine and discarded photographers that sought photoshoots of her in lingerie .
Then she was discarded .
Webb , the first African - American to have a major cosmetics contract ( with Revlon , preceeding Halle Berry and Beyonce ) , saw her opportunities as a writer and journalist much more than as a TV host or spokeswoman .
She gravitated to the small boutiques and independent scene .
It took her away from the huge budgets of Hollywood but put her in alliance with the smaller more grass - roots movements of the day .
Today , except for a brief turn as co-host of " Tim Gunn 's Guide to Style " on Bravo ( where she was unceremoniously let go ) , Webb is content doing smallish events to turn people 's attention away from the bubble - gum - wars of pop culture .
Things like
Lingerie Miami
Hey , brains and beauty last forever .
Ca n't knock the hustle , till youthe hustle .
Humans have probably been calculating since the moment that Paleolithic hunters first used a scorched stick to scratch a record of their kills on the limestone walls of a cave .
“ Rrrr !
Og kill four !
More than Zog ! ”
Fast forward a few millennia to July 7 , 1752 , when Joseph Marie Jacquard is born .
His automated loom , controlled by punch cards that encoded the complex fabric patterns it was to weave , led the way for many subsequent calculating and computing machines .
But Jacquard was hardly the first to conceive of using machinery to enhance the human brain ’s computing power .
People have built calculating and computing tools for thousands of years .
Let ’s take a look at a few of the non-electronic predecessors to today ’s silicon circuits .
This page : Babylonian clay tablets
In fact , archeologists still debate the meaning of cave paintings such as those at Lascaux .
But there ’s less dispute about the meaning of Babylonian clay - tablet writing , which was clearly used to record stores of grain and of beer , circa 2500 BC .
It might be a stretch to call these clay tablets “ computers , ” but their role in tabulating and storing data is clear .
Think of them as the ancient world ’s first data banks .
This image , from the University of Chicago , is an administrative record of the payout of at least 600 quarts of an as - yet unidentified commodity at five villages near Persepolis in about 500 B.C .
Photo : University of Chicago
Abacus
Fingers may have been the first “ digital ” computers , but you need something a little more sophisticated than your hands if you want to work with numbers beyond 10 .
( That is , unless you want to use your fingers to count in binary , which lets you get as high as 1,023 on two hands . )
Enter the abacus .
An abacus is essentially an array of beads threaded on string or held in grooves , with each row representing a different digit .
The first abaci appeared in Sumerian and Babylonian times , were used by the Romans , but reached the height of their development in China from the 14th century AD onward .
Chinese abacus operators can use the gadgets to add , subtract , multiply and divide numbers with great speed , handling figures up to the tens of millions .
Learn to use an abacus , and you might even be able to use the same techniques to do rapid - fire math in your head .
In this AP photo , a teacher helps a blind child to count with an abacus during a mathematics class at The Santa Lucia school , which has ninety - nine students at different stages of blindness in Guatemala City , Sept. 25 , 2002 .
Photo : Jaimie Puebla / AP
Antikythera Mechanism
A dictionary - size assemblage of 37 interlocking dials crafted with the precision and complexity of a 19th - century Swiss clock , the Antikythera mechanism was used to predict the movements of the heavenly bodies as well as the dates and locations of upcoming Olympic games .
It was made around 150 BC , then lost in a shipwreck .
By the time it was recovered from the seafloor near the Greek island of Antikythera in 1902 , it had been reduced to 81 rusted , clumped - together fragments .
Its purpose remained a mystery for decades .
It is only recently , using X - ray and gamma-ray imaging and 3 - D computer modeling , that scientists have been able to piece together the mechanism ’s original components .
One enthusiast has even built a working replica of the Antikythera computer , enabling the celestial computer to run again , after more than 2,100 years .
Photo : Thanassis Stavrakis/ AP
Jacquard Loom
Jacquard ’s loom was the first to use pasteboard cards with holes punched in them to control the operation of a loom .
The loom ’s up and down motion is controlled by the positions of these holes , enabling the operators to , in effect , pre-program fabric patterns by laying them out on the cards .
The Jacquard loom did n’t actually do any computation , but it was an inspiration to later computing pioneers , such as Babbage and Hollerith , who would see the value of using punched cards to store procedural instructions as well as data .
Difference Engine
Charles Babbage ’s Difference Engine No. 2 was a precursor of modern computers , capable of performing complex mathematical calculations with 31 digits of precision , all using Victorian - era rods , gears , levers and linkages .
But after designing it in 1849 , Babbage never completed it .
It took engineers and curators at London ’s Science Museum almost six years of work to bring Babbage ’s 20 pages of blueprints to life in 1991 .
Babbage intended to use the Difference Engine to compute trigonometric tables , which sailors ( among others ) used to compute the results of trig functions .
In Babbage ’s time , such computations were laboriously completed by humans — usually women “ computers ” — working through tedious , repetitive calculations .
Not surprisingly , errors were rife .
Babbage envisioned a more accurate , labor - saving way of making such tables , and his Difference Engine was the result .
Although it took 150 years to complete , the Difference Engine No. 2 works exactly as Babbage planned , computing — and even printing — table after table of super - accurate data .
That is , when its many wheels , gears and rods are n’t getting jammed .
Babbage had even grander aims than computation : after planning the Difference Engine , he went on to begin designing an “ Analytical Engine ” that would be a true computer , in the sense that it would be fully programmable to accomplish any number of different computing tasks .
His Analytical Engine was never built , but it remained an inspiration to more than a century of computing pioneers — not to mention steampunk science fiction authors .
Above :
The engine , built over a 3 ½ - year period by engineers at London ’s Science Museum , will open May 10 , and stay in the museum in Mountain View for one year — after which it will take up residence in Myhrvold ’s living room .
Photo : Jon Snyder / Wired.com
Hollerith Tabulator
Herman Hollerith was a statistician who helped the U.S. Census tabulate data .
After some years of that work , he thought of a better way : Tabulating data using punched cards and a mechanical tabulator , which he patented in 1889 .
Perhaps he ’d heard of Jacquard ?
Hollerith ’s tabulator was remarkably effective , enabling the government to complete its analysis of the 1890 census two years faster than the 1880 census — and for $ 5 million less than it would have cost with manual labor .
Hollerith ’s Tabulating Machine Company would later merge with three other companies to form the Computing Tabulating Recording Corporation , renamed International Business Machines ( aka IBM ) in 1924 .
Enigma Machine
The German Enigma machine was an electro - mechanical device used to encrypt and decrypt secret messages during World War II .
It had a complex design consisting of rotors , electric relays , steppers and ratchets , which would translate the whatever was typed on its keyboard into or out of code .
In this file photo , Luftwaffe troops use an Enigma machine .
One man types while another records the enciphered or deciphered letters .
The Enigma code was broken by Allied cryptanalysts , helped in part by the capture of machines and code tables .
The first Enigmas were manufactured in the 1920s , and were heavily used by the German armed forces from the 1930s on .
The army , navy and Luftwaffe each had specialized versions of the Enigma .
Because the Allied codebreaking effort remained secret until the 1970s , Enigma machines were still used by some countries — including the Franco government in Spain — until the 1950s .
Photo : Helge Fykse , Norway
Curta Calculator
One of the devices most prized by gadget collectors , the Curta Calculator is a modern Difference Engine — an entirely mechanical calculating machine capable of great precision .
In fact , it works much like Babbage ’s Difference engine , except that its digits are arrayed along the outer surface of a cylinder instead of horizontally along a loom - like rack .
You set your initial figures by sliding knobs along the side of the cylinder , then turn the crank to compute the results .
The Austrian inventor of the Curta , Curt Herzstark , designed his calculator largely in his head while imprisoned in a German concentration camp during World War II .
After he was released he put the plans on paper and began producing his calculators in 1947 .
They remained in production for about 20 years , until they were finally made obsolete by the advent of electronic calculators like the HP 9100 .
Photo : The CURTA Calculator Page
June 5 , 2009
ACCORDING TO opponents of women 's right to choose , Dr. George Tiller -- the Wichita , Kan. , abortion provider who was murdered as he attended church last Sunday -- performed the most despicable of abortion procedures .
To hear them tell it -- whether it was a leader of the anti-abortion movement , like Operation Rescue founder Randall Terry ; or the protesters who regularly gathered at Tiller 's clinic in Wichita ; or the shooters and bombers who tried to kill him , including the one who succeeded last weekend -- what Tiller did was " mass murder , " in Terry 's words , performed for heartless women who simply did n't want to be inconvenienced .
Fox News blowhard Bill O'Reilly 's wild claim was far from unique : " In the state of Kansas , there is a doctor , George Tiller , who will execute babies for $ 5,000 if the mother is depressed .
And there are rapists impregnating 10 - year - olds who are being protected by abortion clinics . "
But if you listen to the women who were patients at Women 's Health Care Services in Wichita -- one of only three clinics in the country that perform therapeutic abortions after 21 weeks -- you learn the truth about Dr. Tiller 's determination to defy the harassment and violence of the right .
Supporters of a women 's right to choose protest an anti-abortion demonstration in San Francisco ( Jeffrey Boyette | SW )
The stories of these women debunk the lies that the anti-abortion bigots tell about late - term abortion procedures -- and the women who have them .
In the days after Tiller 's murder , firsthand accounts from patients appeared on the Internet .
One woman described visiting Tiller after learning that , even if he survived an early 24 - week birth , her son 's blood disorder would kill him before he was 9 years old :
While still reeling from the shock , we were told we could take our chances and let the baby be born , but that the state would be forced to intervene if we did not then take every measure to keep our son alive .
Or , we could consider two late - term abortion clinics -- one in Wichita , Kan. , the other in Holland !
Our initial thoughts were " how could we be in a major NYC hospital in the United States and be told these are our only choices ? "
Here 's a contribution from a Texas woman whose child would have died soon after it was born , published on the Heartbreaking Choices Web site :
The reality is that abortion in the late second and third trimesters is extremely rare .
The reality is that finding a doctor to do this procedure in the late second or third trimester is almost impossible .
For me , the reality was that at the most painful time of my life , I had to travel out of state , stay in a hotel room and face hostile protesters in order to carry out this most personal of choices ...
Thankfully , inside , there was compassion , love , understanding and superb medical care .
Finally , I met some other people who understood this hell we were in .
I said goodbye to my son , and then a few days later , I said goodbye to the doctor who I will always look upon as the one shining light in the worst week of my life ...
My only advice is do n't let " them " [ anti- choice protesters ] define this for you .
It is still your choice , your child and your life .
Featured at Socialism Hear Elizabeth Schulte at Socialism 2009 in Chicago , speaking on " How Eugene Debs Became a Socialist . "
Check out the Socialism 2009
Web site for more details .
See you at Socialism !
LATE -TERM abortion are rare -- just 1.1 percent of all abortions happen after 21 weeks of pregnancy .
Nine out of 10 abortions are performed in the first 12 weeks of pregnancy , according to the Guttmacher Institute .
Fifty - eight percent of abortion patients say they would have liked to have had their abortion earlier .
And nearly 60 percent of women who experienced a delay in obtaining an abortion cite the time it took to make arrangements and raise money .
Tiller 's patients include a long list of women who planned to carry their pregnancy to term , but learned their child had life - threatening health problems and made the choice to get an abortion .
Others were teenaged -- and younger -- victims of rape or incest .
Teenage women and girls are more likely to put off having an abortion , because of lack of information and resources .
Despite these gut - wrenching stories , the anti-choice movement has made these people the focus of its attack -- forcing doctors , staff , patients and their families walk to their angry gauntlet in order to provide or obtain the health care they need .
The " pro-life " movement - - a term that grows more infuriating every time it 's used -- often characterizes late - term abortions as " partial birth , " in which the baby is " born " and then " killed " by the doctor .
The Guttmacher Institute 's Heather Boonstra described in 1999 the method the right used to win the argument in Congress :
Pressing the rhetoric considerably , [ Republican Sen. Rick ]
Santorum declared , " This is a rogue procedure that is infanticide ...
Once the baby is in the process of being born , we have to say :
Wait a minute ; this baby is now outside the mother , almost outside the mother .
This is not about abortion anymore . "
The image of the fetus as a " baby in the process of being born " is an effective public relations device that has convinced many members of Congress that " partial - birth " abortion is , as Santorum says , more akin to infanticide than to abortion .
In large part , politicians -- Democrats and Republicans alike -- have accepted a characterization of late - term abortion as somehow morally unacceptable , and offered up their own judgments to score political points among religious conservatives .
Sen . Tom Coburn ( R - Okla . ) recently called late - term abortion the " barometer for the soul of our nation . "
And Barack Obama , who is by and large considered a friend by pro-choice forces , told the Christian magazine Relevant last year :
I have repeatedly said that I think it 's entirely appropriate for states to restrict or even prohibit late - term abortions as long as there is a strict , well - defined exception for the health of the mother .
Now , I do n't think that " mental distress " qualifies as the health of the mother .
I think it has to be a serious physical issue that arises in pregnancy , where there are real , significant problems to the mother carrying that child to term .
Otherwise , as long as there is such a medical exception in place , I think we can prohibit late - term abortions .
IN A sane world , it would n't matter what any politician thought personally about any abortion procedure .
What would matter is whether women have access to the health care they need , including abortion .
In the case of late - term abortions , women and their health care needs have taken a backseat to the political ambitions of lawmakers , as restriction after restriction have passed in state after state , beginning in the 1990s .
According to the Guttmacher Institute , 31 states have enacted bans on " partial - birth " abortions .
In 16 of those states , a court has blocked the laws so they are not in effect , but they stand in the remaining 15 states .
And because " partial birth " is in no way a medical term , these laws do n't actually specify what procedures they do or do n't outlaw , or when .
Add this to the threats issued by anti-abortion fanatics like the one who assassinated Tiller , and it 's little wonder that there are only three clinics providing late - term abortions .
The price is paid by women , who shoulder the financial burden of traveling to Wichita and risking their jobs by missing work .
The heartbreaking stories of Tiller 's patients expose the right wing 's crusade against late - term abortion for what it is -- an attack on real living women and their real living families .
What 's clear from many of these stories is that the heartbreaking part is n't the abortion , but knowing they will not have the child they planned for .
That the right should target this clinic uncovers the real purpose of its campaign -- taking away every woman 's right to control her own body .
No woman should ever feel that she can't freely choose whether to terminate her pregnancy -- no matter what her reason and no matter when .
It is her choice , and her choice alone , whether to have an abortion .
It is also up to her , not the ranters of the right , how she should feel about it afterward .
Only when the political climate in this country has shifted toward a confident and outspoken defense of women 's right to choose will doctors like Tiller be able treat their patients without fear .
Politicians like Barack Obama are n't ready to stand up and shift the debate ; they would rather talk about " finding common ground " with anti-choice forces .
It 's up to us -- women and men organizing together in defense of abortion rights and against the right 's attack -- to turn the tide .
Dr. Tiller often wore a button that said simply , " Trust Women . "
Is n't it about time someone listened to him ?
It 's Monday .
You 've had a nice , long , idle weekend , and — what 's this ?
Someone who says they 're your boss wants you to do work ?!
Well , we 'll have none of that , will we ?
Of course not - this is the internet .
Frittering away hours in front of mental_floss ' Amazing Fact Generator is always an option .
But here are 10 other easy ways to put off whatever you 're supposed to be doing while also getting your knowledge fix .
1. Learn how to write your name in Elvish
I wish I were better able to speak and read Spanish , but that takes a good bit of time to master — on the other hand , learning to write in Elvish takes all of ten minutes , according to this website .
Granted , this is far less useful day - to - day than Spanish , but it 's awfully nerdy , and that 's a positive in my book .
Elvish is a lot simpler than you 'd think .
Using the instructions on the site , I tried writing out " mental_floss " :
Did I get it right ?
Check out the site and try your hand at writing your name .
2. Learn how to do anything
You 've probably heard about the man who delivered his baby son after watching a how - to on YouTube .
But there are plenty of less daunting how - to videos out there , like how to spin a pencil , how to play the ukulele ( y' know , in case you have a ukulele lying around the office ) , or how to waltz .
But my favorite has got to be the instructional video for how to talk like a pirate :
Of course , you should n't limit yourself to YouTube for these sorts of how - tos .
The websites wikiHow and Instructables are also great resources .
When I 'm wasting time on the internet , I sometimes find myself reading articles on Instructables , even if I have no plans to follow them .
I never played with Transformers as a kid , and I have n't seen either of the movies , but this Optimus Prime Costume is too impressive not to read about .
3. Learn how stuff works
This one 's a no- brainer : HowStuffWorks is a great complement to mental_floss , covering pretty much every topic of inquiry you can think of .
Just as with Instructables and wikiHow , you 'll find plenty of articles about stuff that will almost definitely never apply to you , like " How Can I Survive a Night in the Alaskan Wilderness ? " 
However , you 're better off safe than sorry — if Sarah Palin calls you up tomorrow and asks you to go hunting with her , would n't you say yes ?
OK , me neither .
But , reading about disaster scenarios is still more fun than filling out TPS reports .
4. Learn why a number is so important
This one 's for the math nerds : at this website , you can read what makes any number special , from 0 all the way up to 9999 ( Spoiler alert !
9999 is a Kaprekar number , meaning that if you square it you get 99,980,001 , and 9,998 + 0,001 = 9999 ) .
Reading about these seemingly random quirks of numbers is all well and good , but I find the site is best utilized when you put pencil to paper and work out the math behind the quirks .
Plus , if someone 's watching over you at work , it looks like you 're very busy with some important calculations .
5. Learn why today is so important
Brad Williams , who runs Triviazoids.com , has hyperthymesia , which means his autobiographical memory is incredibly sharp .
It 's fitting , then , that his blog is all about what happened on certain dates in the past .
For example , take June 26 — did you know that June 26 , 1870 , was the day the first part of the Atlantic City Boardwalk opened ?
Or that June 26 , 1963 , was the day President Kennedy informed the world that he was a jelly donut by telling a German crowd " Ich bin ein Berliner " ?
I sure did n't .
Triviazoids is a treasure trove of little " Huh ! "  moments that 'll keep you going till 5 p.m .
6. Learn what 's in the stars
The Ancient Greeks looked to the sky at night and saw little blips of light .
They could n't quite explain what they were looking at , so they gave the blips names and told stories about why they were placed the way they were .
Those stories have endured for millennia ; thank goodness we 're not under any pressure to be as creative as the Greeks were .
The Neave Planetarium will explain the stars that are currently over your head , and you can give it any time or location to see what the night sky is like then and there .
Even in full - screen mode , it can't quite compare to looking at the real thing , but it 's a good substitute for those planetarium shows you probably sat through on field trips in elementary school .
7. Lean how to juggle
This one 's simple , but it 's perfect for anyone with too much time , and a few roundish objects , on their hands .
Follow the instructions here to learn how to juggle three or four objects .
Just do n't break anything !
8. Learn at the speed of random
Everyone loves Wikipedia , right ?
Well , maybe not the editor of the Encyclopedia Britannica .
But one of the niftiest features of the free online encyclopedia is the " random article "  link .
There are nearly 3 million articles on the site , so for solitary procrastinators , clicking it is a great way to blow off some steam and to be exposed to new facts .
But if you have two or more people in the room , the random function gets really interesting : you can use it to play an intensely competitive game , called " The Wikipedia Game "  ( creative title , eh ? ) .
Here 's how it works : a player clicks the " random article "  link once and gets a start page ; then , he clicks it again and gets an end page .
The players race to navigate from the start page to the end page , using only the links within the article ( no category links , and no editing articles — that 's cheating ! ) .
The first person to reach the end page yells " Done ! "  and must read back their clicking history .
If their history checks out , then they become the player who retrieves the starting and ending articles for the next round .
If you 're organizing a few rounds of the Wikipedia Game , remember : the more people playing , the better .
9 . Learn to count in binary on your hands
Speaking of hands , did you know it 's possible to count to 31 on one hand ?
It 's also nifty because you can covertly flip someone off while pretending that you 're counting to four .
10 . Learn what words mean ( and give to charity while you 're at it )
It 's too bad not all charitable organizations can be as fun as FreeRice.com .
It 's a game that quizzes you on the definitions of words , increasing in difficulty as you get more and more correct .
For each right answer , the site 's administrators donate 10 grains of rice to the UN World Food Program .
And if words are n't your thing , you can also tell the game to give you questions about famous paintings , chemical symbols , world capitals and more .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
06/11/2009
LiMandri as objective voice ?
We object !
by Jeremy Hooper
Attorney Charles LiMandri is going all over the media telling people that Carrie Prejean was unjustly fired .
So let us now remind you ( as Miss California pageant official Keith Lewis just did on the " Today " show ) : Charles LiMandri is also general counsel for the National Organization For Marriage .
The same NOM that saw an interest in immediately issuing a press release that blames everyone but Carrie for the termination .
Let us also remind you that this is the same Charles LiMandri who , in the days leading up to Prop 8 , placed editorials warning of all the " evils " that would befall California if locals allowed equality to go unchecked .
And in the days post - Prop 8 , he went to the uber - conservative Washington Times ( where his legal connection to the anti-gay side was unacknowledged ) with claims that he was being " harassed " for merely donating to the campaign .
So when you hear Chuck saying things like ...
“ She was denied the Miss USA title because she gave an honest answer to the marriage question , ” ... “ and now they 've deposed her from the Miss California USA title — all because she gave an honest answer to that question . ”
Miss California USA stripped of crown [ Union - Tribune ]
... first ask yourself if you really want to trust someone who has publicly sided with NOM / Prop 8 , America 's most dishonest answers to the marriage question .
**MORE INSIGHT INTO HOW CHUCK SEES US : Check out this " Satanic " snippet from a piece that Mr. LiMandri penned for Catholic Exchange :
Can we stop this societal suicide - possibly , but not if we can't stop same - sex " marriage " in California in November 2008 , and not without supernatural help .
Without the foundation of Religion and Morality that George Washington and the other founding fathers provided for us , there is simply no real hope for the future of this country .
Finally , since it is only in our maleness and femaleness that we are made in the image and likeness of God , the destruction of the concept of gender is perhaps Satan 's greatest accomplishment .
Moreover , since the sacramental marriage of a husband and wife is used to image the relationship of Christ and His Church , even the idea of same - sex " marriage " is a sacrilege .
Therefore , separate and apart from the seemingly accurate prognastications of Professor Unwin , I just do n't see how a God of Justice can tolerate such a diabolical mockery of His divinely ordained institution of marriage for very long .
Indeed , the same man to whom our Lord entrusted the Keys to the Kingdom warned us that : " ... in the last days there shall come deceitful scoffers , walking after their own lusts ... " ( 2 Peter 3:3 ) .
In conclusion , I informed my friend that although we have had the privilege of living in the greatest nation in the history of the world , based on the foregoing , we may very well be seeing it in its waning years .
May the God of our fathers have mercy on us and our beloved country .
Your thoughts
Considering Jesus never got married ( or at least that 's what Christianity officially believes ) , it makes his entire obsession with marriage bunk .
Posted by : ---- | Jun 11 , 2009 11:09:09 AM
Since
God made gay men and women just as He made straight ones , this religious argument does n't hold up .
Like all such " moral " arguments against gay people , it presupposes that gays have a choice in their sexual orientation .
Why not just rejoice in the fact that God has blessed us with a world of such beauty and diversity ?
Posted by : tasiv | Jun 11 , 2009 11:40:37 AM
Dear NOM et al , Carrie Prejean is a snarling , vicious , viper - tongued narcissist who does not serve your purposes too well , as she 'll drop her drawers for a buck .
This fake martyrdom will be yet another in a long line of missteps that will backfire mercilessly on your organization .
Sincerely , The Truth
Posted by : Bruno | Jun 11 , 2009 1:06:55 PM
" Without the foundation of Religion and Morality that George Washington and the other founding fathers provided for us " I really wish these idiots would stop assuming that what they 've been told by their mommies and daddies about the Founding Fathers being Like So Totally Christian You Guys is automatically true .
Patrick Henry was a devout Christian , if I recall correctly ( which I might not be , feel free to correct me if I 'm wrong ) , but several other lauded members of the Founding Fathers such as Thomas Jefferson were quite heavily anti-religion ( or at least anti established / established state religion ) .
Jefferson in particular even REEDITED the New Testament ( in his spare time ) to include only Jesus ' teachings and exclude all the alleged miracles , even going so far as to write notes in the margins ... in some of which he noted that he disagreed with Jesus on certain points ( including a reliance on the supernatural ! ) .
Google " Jefferson Bible " if you do n't believe me .
Jefferson is generally considered to have been an atheist by historians who actually bother to look at well , history .
So much of the right wing bizarrely likes to adore him as a historical figure , at the same time as they construct a false image of him as a highly religious Christian .
They do it with all the Founding Fathers , and it 's really disconcerting to see it , because it means that they probably have little to no idea where the actual reasoning came from for the First Amendment - in particular , the Establishment and Free Exercise Clauses .
It came from people who had experienced some level of theocracy and despised it !
I also think it to be so obnoxious that people who claim to Respect the Constitution , ignore the actual implications if not outright statements of it , whenever it suits them .
The First Amendment 's Establishment Clause means I do n't have to follow someone else 's religion just because they 're in power ; likewise , the Free Exercise Clause means I can peacefully practice my own religion without interference .
My religion does not disallow gay marriage .
Gay marriage being legal in the civil arena would never , in a million billion years , mean that churches that did not approve of gay marriage as part of their doctrine , would be " forced " to perform them - this is a common fallacy , I keep hearing it repeated , and it drives me nuts , because even the briefest reading of the Constitution 's perspective on religious freedom should make it abundantly clear that it 's false .
The First Amendment is clear .
The Founding Fathers were clear .
Religion is a personal matter , not something to be used to interfere with private lives .
I get my religion , you get yours ; I can gay marry in my church if it allows it , but your church does n't have to marry me if it does n't want to .
The fact that they not only fail to acknowledge this but instead jump straight to , " but it 's a sacred bond between men and women and therefore gays should n't be able to marry in civil courts ! " means that either they do n't understand the Constitution that they claim to revere ... or worse , that they would rather subvert its very core values simply because they want to build a theocracy in its place .
Working towards a theocracy is NOT patriotic for an American ; quite the opposite , it undermines the very foundations and values of our Founding Fathers ' government .
Luckily not every Republican or " conservative " is this ignorant of the law though ; after all , Bush 's old lawyer has since come out in favor of allowing gay marriage and even in opposition to Prop 8 ... for Constitutional reasons .
All I can hope for is that more people come to their senses in the future and realize this is entirely a question of the Constitution ... and should n't even be a question in the first place .
Posted by : JW | Jun 11 , 2009 11:44:19 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Miss Radmacher , 39 , is one of Germany 's richest women A court ruling over a divorced couple 's pre-nuptial agreement could pave the way for such contracts to become legally binding in England and Wales .
Katrin Radmacher , a German heiress , has overturned an earlier court decision to award her ex-husband £ 5.8 m of her £ 100 m fortune despite their agreement .
Frenchman Nicolas Granatino had agreed not to make a claim if they divorced .
Such contracts are enforceable in Germany , where the couple 's was signed , but not in England where they married .
Ultimately , this case has been about what I regard as a broken promise
Katrin Radmacher
They are also enforceable in Mr Granatino 's home country .
Miss Radmacher , one of Germany 's richest women , won a ruling from the Court of Appeal that such contracts should be taken into account by the courts when they divide assets after a marriage fails .
Appeal judge Lord Justice
Thorpe said he believed it had become " increasingly unrealistic " for courts to disregard pre-nuptial agreements .
" It reflects the laws and morals of earlier generations , " he said .
" It does not sufficiently recognise the rights of autonomous adults to govern their future financial relationship by agreement in an age when marriage is not generally regarded as a sacrament and divorce is a statistical commonplace . "
He said a " carefully fashioned contract " should be available as an alternative to the " stress , anxieties and expense " of going through the court .
Mr Granatino is expected to seek permission to take the case to the House of Lords .
' Broken promise ' Miss Radmacher , 39 , said she was " delighted " by the decision .
" Ultimately , this case has been about what I regard as a broken promise , " she said .
From today grown ups can agree in the best of times what will happen in the worst of times
Miss Radmacher 's solicitor , Ayesha Vardag " The agreement was at my father 's insistence as he wanted to protect my inheritance - this is perfectly normal in our countries of origin , France and Germany .
Like all wealthy parents , he feared gold - diggers .
" As an heir himself , Nicolas perfectly understood this .
The agreement gave me reassurance that Nicolas was marrying me because he loved me as I loved him ... that we were marrying for the right reasons . "
Her solicitor , Ayesha Vardag , said : " In a landmark judgment , three of the most highly respected judges in the land have ruled that pre-nups can be decisive in determining the financial division on divorce .
" The Court of Appeal , in a carefully reasoned , thoroughly modern judgment has enabled English matrimonial law to catch up with the rest of the world .
" From today grown - ups can agree in the best of times what will happen in the worst of times . "
Legal analyst Joshua Rozenberg said it was the first time a senior court had given " a great deal of weight " to a pre-nuptial agreement .
He said it would not happen in every case and the issue would remain unclear until Parliament changed the law .
Marriage contract
The couple 's pre-nuptial was signed in Germany before the couple married in London in 1998 .
The pair 's marriage was said to have broken down after Mr Granatino , 37 , gave up a lucrative investment banker job in 2003 to become a £ 30,000 - a- year biotechnology researcher at Oxford University .
They divorced in 2006 and a High Court ruling last year awarded her ex-husband £ 5.8 m .
Miss Radmacher appealed against that decision and her lawyer , Richard Todd QC , told a panel of three Court of Appeal judges the freedom to agree a contract was " at the heart of all modern commercial and legal systems " .
He said Miss Radmacher had never said her former husband would leave the marriage with nothing .
The Court of Appeal judges ruled that Mr Granatino 's pay - out of £ 5.8 m should be cut to about £ 1 m as a lump sum in lieu of maintenance .
In addition , there will be a fund of £ 2.5 m for a house that will be returned to Miss Radmacher when the younger of their two daughters , who is six , reaches the age of 22 .
Mr Granatino 's debts , of about £ 700,000 , are also to be paid off by the heiress , who had always agreed to this part of the settlement .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Der Taxifahrer riskierte einige böse Blicke und Beschimpfungen der Autofahrer im dichten Nachmittagsverkehr .
Er hatte jedoch einen guten Grund dazu ; ich hatte ihm ein Extratrinkgeld versprochen , sollten wir bis um zehn vor fünf am Flughafen sein .
Ein Blick auf meine Replica
Uhr zeigte mir , dass es eng werden würde .
Endlich fuhren beim Terminal vor .
Noch bevor das Taxi stand , drückte ich dem Fahrer zwei 50 - Pfund - Noten in die Hand , nahm meinen Aktenkoffer und lief zur Sicherheitskontrolle .
Eingecheckt hatte ich vorher online .
Ich hatte noch genau zehn Minuten Zeit , bis der Flieger starten sollte .
Im Flugzeug beruhigte sich mein Puls wieder .
Nach dem Start zog ich gewohnheitsmäßig meine
Uhr aus und legte sie auf den Tisch vor mir .
Da ich die Strecke London – Frankfurt damals zweimal die Woche geflogen bin , achtete ich nicht mehr auf die Passagiere neben mir .
Sonst wäre mir sicher der Geschäftsmann aufgefallen , der die gleiche Uhr hatte , wie ich .
Er hatte sie auch ausgezogen und ebenfalls auf seinen Tisch gelegt .
So jedoch stellte ich wie immer meinen Sitz zurück und schlief sofort ein .
Mein Schlaf wurde bald durch ein unangenehmes Aufheulen der Triebwerke gestört .
Gleichzeitig wurde die Maschine in alle Richtungen durchgeschüttelt .
Ich schloss die Augen und versuchte weiter zu schlafen .
Ein großes Luftloch ließ das Flugzeug gefühlte zweihundert Meter absacken und die Passagiere stöhnten auf .
Ich griff mit starren Blick nach vorne auf den Tisch um auf die Uhr zu sehen , wie lange der Flug noch dauern sollte .
Meine Hände griffen ins Leere !
Die
Uhr muss während des Luftlochs heruntergefallen sein .
Den Tisch nach oben klappend suchte ich mit einer Hand den Boden ab .
Dabei wurde ich von den nächsten Turbulenzen schmerzhaft gegen den Sitz vor mir geworfen .
„ Wenn Sie schon da unten sind , können Sie mir dann so gut sein , und mir meine Uhr mitbringen ? “ , fragte mich der ältere Geschäftsmann neben mir .
„ Kein Problem ! “ , gab ich zurück .
„ Meine ist auch heruntergefallen . “
Meine Hände fühlten zwischen den Vordersitzen die Metallarmbänder beider Uhren und ich nahm sie mit nach oben .
„ Das ist ja ein Zufall “ , sagte mein Sitznachbar .
„ Naja , zum Glück hält so eine Rolex einiges aus , nicht wahr ? “
Meine Replica
Rolex auch , dachte ich bei mir , denn auch meine tickte unerschütterlich weiter .
Dann erkannte ich , dass ich zwei identische Uhren in den Händen hielt .
Mein Nachbar zuckte mit dem Schultern , grinste mich an und nahm sich eine der Beiden .
Meine Gedanken rasten .
Im ersten Moment dachte ich daran , ihn darauf aufmerksam zu machen , dass meine eine Replica Uhr war .
Aber wie soll man denn hier feststellen , welches das Original ist ?
Selbst für Experten ist es nicht einfach eine Replica
Uhr von dem Original zu unterscheiden .
Also sagte ich nichts weiter und freute mich als der Pilot in dem Moment ankündigte , dass der Sinkflug begann .
Nach dem wir das Flugzeug in Frankfurt verlassen hatte , sah ich meinen Sitznachbarn nie wieder .
Ich weiß bis heute nicht , ob ich jeden Tag eine Replica Uhr trage – oder ein Original !
Iran : The Reformists Keep The ‘ Green Revolution ’ Alive
Today , in Tehran , hundreds of Mousavi ’s supporters gathered outside Behesh Aahra , the biggest cemetery of Tehran .
They came to pay tribute and mourn their fellow protesters killed in the aftermath of the contested election .
The gathering comes 40 days after the brutal killing of Neda Agha - Soltan , the young Iranian woman that has become the symbol of the reformist movement .
From eye witnesses accounts , transmitted via Twitter , the Iranian police showed up two hours after the start of the rally .
The riot police used batons and tear gas to disperse the protesters .
A Twitter message from Iran said : “ 100s have gathered around Neda ’s grave to mourn her death .
Dozens of riot police just arrived . ”
Mousavi and his wife were present at the rally , but according to some eye witnesses he was quickly led back to his car and forced to leave by the police as soon as the riot police arrived .
Karim Sadjadpour , an Iranian scholar and expert currently at the Carnegie Endowment For International Peace , made the following statement about the situation unfolding in Iran :
“ It is about people sense of dignity , their sense of justice and people hopes for the future of Iran .
Today I think people feel the sense of outrage and injustice transcends socioeconomic class , age , geography and gender .
What we have seen is that there are incredible fissures even at the levels of the political elites and the security forces as well .
Ahmadinejad ’s future is incredibly tenuous , and sometimes he is described as a skilled politician , but nothing could be further from the truth .
He is actually a very poor politician as he gratuitously alienates even the people within his own party .
If his government is allowed to stand , it is going to represent not only a very narrow swath of Iranian society , but even a very narrow swath of the Iranian political elite .
What we have seen , over the last week or two , is that Ahmadinejad has even managed to alienate his chief patron ; Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khameini . ”
Despite the violent crackdown by the Iranian authorities in the last 40 days , it does n’t seem that the green “ Velvet Revolution ” can be crushed by the Iranian regime .
Mousavi and his supporters will not give up the fight .
At this juncture , the collapse of the Ahmadinejad government is more an issue of when it is going to happen , as opposed to if it will happen .
First , the autopilot disengaged , and then an alarm warned passengers that all hell was breaking loose on doomed Air France Flight 447 .
PHOTOS : Air France Flight 447 Search & Rescue
It was shortly after 11 p.m. Sunday Brazil time and the Airbus 330-200 was flying through terrifying black clouds packing updraft winds of 100 mph .
All planes — even military ones — are at risk when buffeted by winds of such ferocity , experts say .
Flight 447 was no exception .
Within a span of 14 minutes , its electrical systems and cabin pressure failed , and the plane broke apart and began its dive of death into the Atlantic Ocean with 228 people on board .
What caused the tragedy of Flight 447 is still a mystery .
Its black boxes may never be recovered .
If so , investigators will have to rely on the last messages transmitted by the stricken aircraft .
A chronology of those messages was published yesterday by the Brazilian O Estado de S. Paulo newspaper and confirmed by an airline - industry official .
These are the grim facts of the 14 minutes of death :
At 11 p.m. ( 10 p.m. EDT ) , pilot Marc Dubois sent a manual signal saying he was flying through an area of “ CBs ” — black , electrically charged cumulonimbus clouds that carry violent winds and lightning .
Satellite data show that the thunderheads — towering up to 50,000 feet — were sending 100 mph updrafts into the jet ’s flight path .
“ Such an updraft would lead to severe turbulence for any aircraft , ” AccuWeather said .
“ In addition , the storms were towering up to 50,000 feet and would have been producing lightning .
The Air France plane would have encountered these stormy conditions , which could have resulted in either some structural failure or electrical failure . ”
At 11:10 p.m. , a cascade of horrific problems began .
Automatic messages relayed by the jetliner indicate the autopilot had disengaged , suggesting Dubois and his two co-pilots were trying to thread their way through the dangerous clouds manually .
A key computer system had switched to alternative power and controls needed to keep the plane stable had been damaged .
An alarm sounded , indicating the deterioration of flight systems .
At 11:13 p.m. , more automatic messages reported the failure of systems to monitor air speed , altitude and direction .
Control of the main flight computer and wing spoilers also failed .
The last automatic message , at 11:14 p.m. , indicated complete electrical failure and a massive loss of cabin pressure — catastrophic events , indicating that the plane was breaking apart and plunging toward the ocean .
“ This clearly looks like the story of the airplane coming apart , ” the airline - industry official said .
Bill Voss , president and CEO of the Flight Safety Foundation in Alexandria , Va. , said the fact that areas of wreckage were found miles apart in the Atlantic indicates the plane broke apart in midair .
“ I doubt it would be that large an area if it had hit intact , ” he said .
Voss said he did n’t know if lightning , turbulence or a combination of the two caused the crash .
But he said , “ Any aircraft , even a military one , is a great risk in weather like that . ”
He said that whatever occurred happened “ very quickly . ”
“ The weather became very violent , ” he said .
“ Either there was an error or someone ran out of options . ”
Joe Mazzone , a retired Delta Air Lines pilot , said captains often use their radar to weave through thunderstorms — which appear as red blotches — but in such a volatile region , storms can converge suddenly around you , leaving a pilot nowhere to go but through it .
“ You ’re penetrating where you think you ’ve got a hole , and you get in there , and you basically now see that it ’s red all around you , so you ’re committed now , ” Mazzone said .
Perhaps no one will ever know how passengers reacted in those fatal 14 minutes — whether they screamed , grabbed for the oxygen masks or sat in silent prayer .
But once the cabin pressure failed , they would have been unconscious in half a minute , Voss and other experts said .
“ It would have been as quick as the moment when one falls asleep , ” Dr. Philippe Juvin , head of emergencies at Beaujon Hospital west of Paris , told the French newspaper Le Monde .
The details of Flight 447 ’s last moments emerged as military planes located more debris from the jet .
But waves and heavy winds slowed the recovery effort and delayed the arrival of crucial deep - water submersibles .
Search vessels from several nations pushed toward the floating debris , including a 23 - foot chunk of plane and a 12 - mile - long oil slick that Brazilian pilots spotted from the air .
The new wreckage was discovered about 55 miles south of where searchers Tuesday found debris .
The Brazilian defense minister , Nelson Jobim , said the existence of the fuel probably ruled out a fire or explosion .
“ If we have oil stains , it means it was n’t burned , ” he said .
The original debris was found roughly 400 miles northeast of the Fernando de Noronha islands off Brazil ’s northern coast , an area where the ocean floor drops as deep as 22,950 feet .
Brazilian divers are expected to arrive today .
Any possible recovery of black boxes will have to wait for the arrival next week of a French research ship with remote - controlled submersibles .
andy.geller@nypost.com
Supporters of Mir Hossein Mousavi defied a ban on protest rallies Iran 's powerful Guardian Council says it is ready to recount disputed votes from Friday 's presidential poll .
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's re-election is being contested by rival Mir Hossein Mousavi and other moderate candidates , who are seeking a rerun .
The BBC's Jon Leyne in Tehran says they may not accept the recount offer .
Several people died in a protest on Monday and Mr Mousavi urged followers not to take part in a rally planned for Tuesday , amid fears of new violence .
" This headquarters calls on people to avoid the trap of planned clashes , " a Mousavi spokesman told AFP news agency .
See map of central Tehran
The authorities announced tough new restrictions on foreign media , requiring journalists to obtain explicit permission before covering any story .
Journalists have also been banned from attending or reporting on any unauthorised demonstration .
Our correspondent says they are the most sweeping restrictions he has ever encountered reporting anywhere .
The march was due to have taken place in Tehran 's Vali Asr Square at the same time as a demonstration there by supporters of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
VOTE RECOUNT Jon Leyne
Reporting from Tehran
The more I see this announcement about being willing to recount ballots , the more I think it is just a political ruse to try and wrong - foot the opposition .
They have offered a recount , but they have not said who is going to carry it out .
Maybe the same people who did the election count to start with .
In any case , the opposition says there were so many other irregularities , that a recount alone would not satisfy them .
For example , many more ballot papers were issued than counted , they say .
Some people did not get enough ballot papers so they could not vote in areas loyal to the opposition .
Polling stations were closed early , and so on and so forth .
Q&A : Latest from Tehran Thousands of the president 's followers have converged there in a show of strength , cramming into tree - lined boulevards , some waving the national flag , as well as ones of orange , yellow and green .
' Missing ballots '
The Guardian Council - Iran 's top legislative body - said votes would be recounted in areas contested by the losing candidates .
But a spokesman for the council told state television it would not annul the election - as moderate candidates have demanded .
The opposition says millions of ballots may have gone astray .
Monday 's protest involved hundreds of thousands of people and was one of the largest since the Iranian revolution 30 years ago .
A report on state radio said " thugs " staged an attack at the end of the " illegal " rally as people were heading home " peacefully " .
" Several thugs wanted to attack a military post and vandalise public property in the vicinity of Azadi Square , " the radio said , referring to the site of the protest .
" Unfortunately seven people were killed and several others wounded in the incident . "
Hospital officials later put the number of dead at eight .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Dozens of people have been arrested since the protests began .
Mohammad Ali Abtahi , a close aide of ex-President Mohammad Khatami , was detained at his home in Tehran on Tuesday .
Those detained also include prominent journalist and academic Ahmad Zeidabadi .
His wife says he was picked up in the middle of the night on Saturday .
GUARDIAN COUNCIL
Iran 's most powerful body , currently controlled by conservatives Includes six theologians picked by Supreme Leader and six jurists approved by parliament
Half the members change every three years Approves bills passed by parliament and can veto them if deemed inconsistent with the constitution or Islamic law
The council can also bar candidates from standing in elections
Q&A : who 's who in Iran How Iran is ruled Iranians use video to tell story " There is no explanation from the authorities about why he was arrested or where he is , " she told the BBC .
Meanwhile , Iranian state television said the " main agents " behind the unrest had been detained , and guns and explosives seized .
There are reports of fresh demonstrations at Tehran University - one of the main centres of tension in recent days .
About 120 university lecturers have resigned .
The powerful Speaker of parliament , Ali Larijani , has condemned an attack by police and militia on a student dormitory .
Iranian media quoted him as saying : " The interior minister is responsible in this regard . "
Unrest has been reported in other parts of Iran .
One of Mr Mousavi 's websites said a student had died on Monday in clashes with hardliners in the southern city of Shiraz .
Foreign concern
Our correspondent says the authorities appear to be weakening in their support for President Ahmadinejad .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The country 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , has ordered an inquiry into the allegations of vote - rigging .
The authorities ' handling of the protests has drawn international criticism .
EU foreign ministers expressed " serious concern " and called for an inquiry into the conduct of the election .
US President Barack Obama said he was " deeply troubled " by the violence in Iran .
Meanwhile , President Ahmadinejad arrived in Russia on Tuesday .
He told a regional summit that the " age of empires " had ended , but made no mention of the protests .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
There are currently 115 users online .
0 members and 115 guests
Most users ever online was 5,699 , 01-25-2020 at 01:56 PM .
By Andrew Benson
BBC Sport at Silverstone
Max Mosley has rejected claims by eight of the 10 Formula 1 teams that they will set up a breakaway series next year as " posing and posturing " .
President of governing body the FIA , Mosley said he will start legal action against teams umbrella group Fota .
But he added in an exclusive BBC Sport interview : " We all know that there will be an F1 world championship and everyone who can be in it , will be . "
Red Bull boss Christian Horner said the two sides had reached a " stalemate " .
Ferrari , McLaren , Red Bull , Toro Rosso , Toyota , Renault , Brawn and BMW Sauber issued their threat late on Thursday evening .
An FIA statement on Friday afternoon said Fota 's actions amounted to " serious violations of law including wilful interference with contractual relations , direct breaches of Ferrari 's legal obligations and a grave violation of competition law " .
The statement added that the 2010 F1 entry list , which the FIA had planned to publish on Friday , would be " put on hold while the FIA asserts its legal rights " .
That decision gives all parties room for manoeuvre as they search for a compromise on the issue .
" Always with these things in the end there 's a compromise , " Mosley said .
" They can't afford not to run in F1 and we would be very reluctant to have an F1 world championship without them . "
ANDREW BENSON'S BLOG
The underlying issue is the governance of F1 - and particularly the leadership of Max Mosley .
Fota is no longer prepared to put up with the FIA having absolute power ...
Mosley repeated his belief that some of the teams backed by road - car manufacturers might quit F1 over the winter - he has already named BMW , Renault and Toyota as the most vulnerable .
But he added : " The great traditional teams , and I include Ferrari in that , need to be there and they will be there .
" They can't get the backing they need to run in another series , so eventually they will come back .
We have to leave the door a little bit open .
" At the moment we can't negotiate with them successfully because everything we offer is rejected , because their fundamental position is they want to take the financial side away from the commercial rights holder , Bernie Ecclestone , and they want to take the governance of the sport , the regulation , from us .
" That can't happen and it's not going to happen , and eventually they 'll recognise that and everything will come together . "
The row was provoked by Mosley 's decision in April to introduce a £ 40 m budget cap next year , but it also revolves around governance of the sport .
Mosley says the teams agreed to a cap last year - a claim Fota rejects - and insists that it is vital to the future health of the sport , which he says it not sustainable at current spending levels .
But the Fota teams reject his claim that they want to engage in a " spending arms race " .
They say they , too , are committed to cost cuts , but they prefer to limit ways in which the teams can spend money .
The Fota teams also object to what they see as the autocratic way in which Mosley runs F1 , and the way he has allowed the Concorde Agreement - which enshrined certain rights for the teams , including in rule - making - to lapse .
They also want what they consider to be a fairer split of the sport 's profits and changes to the way the commercial side of F1 is run .
Mosley had invited the Fota teams to enter next year 's championship and sort out their disagreements afterwards , but Horner said : " Entering with goodwill but no clarity , no guarantees , without those concrete compromises , [ and ] solutions in place , is an untenable position for the teams . "
Mosley said he would consider resigning if that would solve the problem , but added : " That 's not the issue . "
" Whoever replaced me would defend the interests of the FIA because the championship belongs to them .
The next person , they'd want his head until they got what they wanted .
They 're challenging the governing body of motorsport and that will not succeed .
" The difficulty they 're putting me in is even if I wanted me to stop they 're making it very difficulty for me to do so , because the people in the FIA are saying we 've got all this trouble , we 're being attacked , you must stay . "
Ross Brawn , the boss of championship - leading Brawn GP , denied that the teams were working to remove Mosley .
" It 's in no way a condition of the conditional entry the Fota teams have made , " he said .
" It 's not something the Fota teams are pushing for or asking for .
it has not entered discussions . "
Mosley said he had made " concession after concession to accommodate them and they keep saying no . "
He said he had reached an agreement with some teams , but " the others - what we call the loonies - tore it up .
" They simply wo n't talk about any progress and they pretend it 's us .
" They say the FIA - or I - am dictating .
That is not it at all .
We are trying to get the thing in order . "
Horner added : " A huge amount of effort has been made by the teams to try and find a compromise because we do have a duty of care to the employees , the fans , the sponsors , the public .
" The intention and effort was to try to find a compromise , a solution .
The decisions that were made were not taken lightly .
It 's a difficult decision to make , but the conditions we put in have effectively been rejected and the teams reached a position where they feel they could go no further .
Situations can change , but that 's where we are . "
Brawn added : " The teams ' ambition is not to take over F1 , but they have a massive investment in it .
They want their investment protected . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Dear Cecil :
What 's the best way for a male to sterilize himself without his betrothed 's knowledge ?
I 'm not so hot to have kids , but the little lady is — the sooner the better , and a whole litter of 'em if she has her way .
So surgery is out of the question ; she 'd divorce me .
I 've thought about routing around the safety mechanism on my microwave oven so that I could cook my family jewels for maybe five seconds every few days , but something tells me that would produce adverse side effects .
A friend suggested sitting on a heating pad at work , because sperm need to be kept slightly cooler than body temperature to stay viable .
But I 'm not sure the desired sterility would last all that long .
So what 's the safest , most effective way to sterilize myself ?
Tim , Dallas
Cecil replies :
Have you tried “ headaches ” ?
It worked for my mom .
From a technical standpoint , there probably are ways you could sterilize yourself without arousing immediate suspicion .
For example :
Blunt trauma .
Maybe a war wound a la Jake Barnes .
You know , visit Bosnia or something .
If you ca n’t afford the airfare , you could always get a hammer .
Disease .
You could try getting a disease that results in inflammation of the testes and scrotum , thereby causing sterility .
You had the mumps ?
If that ’s out , my pen pal Camilla cites Merck ’s Medical Manual : “ Epididymo - orchitis ( inflammation of the epididymis and testis ) may be a complication of urinary infection with prostatitis or urethritis , a sequela to gonorrhea , a complication of prostatic surgery or as a result of infection secondary to an indwelling catheter . ”
Enough to get you started .
Surreptitious surgery .
You could tell her you ’re going fishing .
For a month .
Then find a surgeon specializing in inconspicuous vasectomies .
The stitches drop out after about three weeks .
Ingenious though these stratagems are , none of them addresses your long term problem : she wants kids and you do n’t .
Even if you succeed in sterilizing yourself on the sly , it will surely dawn on your wife at some point that she ’s failing to get pregnant .
So it ’s off to the fertility clinic .
Suppose you had a clandestine vasectomy .
The doctor orders some tests .
He reports : “ Goodness , folks , the mister here does n’t have a low sperm count — he has no sperm count . ”
Even if you tap - dance past that problem , what if she wants to adopt ?
At some point you ’re going to have to confront the issue .
Save the both of you a lot of trouble and call off the engagement now .
She can find somebody who ’ll give her babies , and you can get a dog .
Cecil Adams
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
EDITED VIDEO / HOW BONO DODGED HUG AND MADE OBAMA'S NIGHT / CLICK HERE
FULL VIDEO / HOW BONO DODGED HUG AND MADE OBAMA'S NIGHT !
CLICK HERE
You'd think that any rock star would relish a chance to get a public embrace from the President of the United States , even if they did n't agree on everything .
But not Bono .
On a BBC program last night , the superstar U2 singer recalled how he he stiffed President Bush out of the photo op in 2006 at the National Prayer Breakfast .
The former President was on the stage with Bush when " Dubya " tried to hug Bono .
" There were all kinds of people in the audience , " Bono recalled on Jonathan Ross ' talk show .
Bono admitted he did n't feel like being the recipient of a hug from a man with whom he had so many political disagreements .
As the affectionate President neared , Bono tried to " dodge the hug " by jumping behind a podium .
The sidestep worked , and just about nobody in the audience knew it happened — though it was all captured on camera .
But — there was one sharp - eyed Senator in the bipartisan crowd who saw it all .
" When I was sitting down I was beside Sen . Obama , the star said the future President whispered to him , ' Nice work with the hug dodge . ' "
Bono admitted he passed on the embrace because he did n't get along with Bush , and told the former President of his strong stance against war — although he did praise him for tripling U.S. aid to developing countries .
Bono appeared on last night 's show alongside The Edge .
And once Bono got his big secret out of the way , a few more came out — including The Edge 's confession that he once punched Bono .
" It was at one of those early gigs where it felt your life depended on it , " The Edge recalled .
During the show , Larry Mullen 's drum kit began to fall apart , forcing the drummer to take out some tools to fix it in the middle of the gig .
Unaware of the problem , Bono tried to carry on before realizing something was wrong .
He lifted up the drum kit to find Mullen trying to fix it .
A nasty exchange ensued before " The Edge caught me with one , " Bono confessed .
The pair also gave some details about their forthcoming " Spiderman " musical , which is expected to open on Broadway early next year .
The Edge revealed that most of the show 's story will be told through song , and that the majority of the material will be new .
Bono playfully told the audience that the show will feature a " new " villain .
The singer said the villain had appeared once in " Spiderman " comics , and was female .
U2 are set to play three concerts in Ireland 's Croke Park next week as part of their 360 Degree tour .
Taking a page out of the Jim DeMint playbook on health care reform Republican - style , Bill Kristol does n't even pretend that there is any goal other than to kill it :
With Obamacare on the ropes , there will be a temptation for opponents to let up on their criticism , and to try to appear constructive , or at least responsible .
There will be a tendency to want to let the Democrats ' plans sink of their own weight , to emphasize that the critics have been pushing sound reform ideas all along and suggest it 's not too late for a bipartisan compromise over the next couple of weeks or months .
My advice , for what it 's worth : Resist the temptation .
This is no time to pull punches .
Go for the kill .
It 's hard to believe that this needs to be said again , but obviously it does : Republicans are n't interested in bipartisanship .
They are n't interested in meaningful health care reform .
And God knows they do n't give a damn what it means for millions of Americans .
The only thing they want is a political victory .
Period .
When it comes to environmental sustainability , the prognosis is grim : Britain is " winning battles , but still losing the war " .
The UK is failing to hit a raft of key targets on sustainable living , according to a new report to be published this week .
In its critical analysis , released on Wednesday , the Sustainable Development Commission ( SDC ) warns that progress on a number of green targets has been " undermined by stasis or even reversion " .
Jonathon Porritt , outgoing SDC chair and one - time " green guru " to Tony Blair , claims sustainability plays second fiddle to the drive for consumption - driven economic growth .
" The thing that stands out is the very limited progress we 've made on reducing inequity in our society ... it 's a startling indictment of this Government that more people will be living in fuel poverty at the time of next election than were living in fuel poverty in 1997 , " he said .
The " review of progress on sustainable development " details how the " Securing the Future " strategy launched by Tony Blair in 2005 has failed in a number of areas .
It says Britain remains the EU 's second - largest emitter of greenhouse gases and is not on track to meet its target of a 20 per cent reduction in CO2 emissions by 2010 .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Britain remains well behind most European countries on supplying renewable energy , which accounts for less than 2 per cent of overall energy consumption , according to the report , which also predicts the proportion of energy produced by renewables in 2020 will be just 5 per cent – far short of the EU target of 20 per cent .
And while recycling is on the increase , there is a long way to go to meet the 40 per cent target by 2010 , with the UK heavily reliant on landfill , says the report .
Mr Porritt , who steps down next month , admitted : " I feel some disappointment inevitably because I would have wanted to see faster progress , " and cites a new energy White Paper as something " they could , and should , have done four or five years ago " .
The embarrassing report comes just days after Gordon Brown 's proposals for a £ 60bn international fund to help poorer countries deal with climate change were announced .
The Prime Minister is also arguing for aviation and maritime emissions to be included in global climate - change talks taking place in Copenhagen in December .
The Government 's record on sustainability also came under attack from politicians and pressure groups last night .
Greg Clark ,
Tory spokesman on energy and climate change , said : " This is a time when we need action rather than spin . "
And Mike Childs of Friends of the Earth said of the Government : " They 've produced strategies and had press conferences but there has n't been conviction ... that sustainable development is of critical importance . "
In a statement , the Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs said : " We 're grateful to the SDC for the work they 've put into this report .
We look forward to its publication ... and we will consider its content carefully . "
Greenhouse gas emissions
Government target
Twenty per cent cut in CO2 emissions by 2010 , and an 80 per cent reduction by 2050 .
What the report says
Britain remains the second - largest emitter of greenhouse gases in Europe .
In 2007 , CO2 emissions were 8.5 per cent below 1990 levels .
Verdict
Britain is not on track to meet its target on emissions .
An apparent decrease becomes a significant increase once emissions embedded in trade and travel are taken into account .
Energy production
Government target
Britain to supply 10 per cent renewable energy by 2010 .
Twenty per cent of EU energy production from renewables by 2020 .
What the report says
In 2007 , the percentage of final energy consumption from renewable sources was less than 2 per cent .
Projections suggest that this will increase to 5 per cent by 2020 .
Verdict
Britain is one of the poorest performers in Europe in supplying energy from renewables and is not on track to meet national and EU targets .
Existing homes
Government target
To eliminate fuel poverty in all households by 2016 .
What the report says
Cavity wall insulation is one of the most cost - effective measures to reduce carbon , yet 8.5 million UK households do not have this .
In 2006 , there were approximately 3.5 million UK households ( 14 per cent ) in fuel poverty , an increase of 1 million since 2005 .
Some 2.75 million of these were classed as ' vulnerable ' households .
Verdict
Despite some improvements , significant energy efficiency improvements are required to meet climate - change targets .
Healthy and safe mobility
Government target
To encourage cycling and walking and reduce dependence on cars .
Halve the number of children killed or seriously injured on Britain 's roads by 2010 .
What the report says
Between 1986 and 2003 , the average number of trips by foot fell by 30 per cent .
There has been a 52 per cent fall in children killed or seriously injured on roads .
Verdict
Road traffic volume has risen by 20 per cent since 1990 , and the frequency of car journeys in the UK outranks walking , cycling and public transport .
Health
Government target
Halt increase in childhood obesity in under - 11s by 2010 .
Reduce adult smoking rates to 21 per cent .
Reduce health inequalities by 10 per cent by 2010 .
What the report says
Almost 40 per cent of the population is expected to be obese by 2020 .
Average smoking rates have fallen to 22 per cent .
In Scotland , life expectancy in deprived areas is around 10 years lower than the general population .
Verdict
Britain has the highest rate of childhood obesity in the EU .
We are not on target to meet the 2010 goal of reducing inequalities .
Sustainable communities
Government target
Eradicate child poverty by 2020 .
Reduce the proportion of children living in workless households by 5 per cent between 2005 and 2008 .
What the report says
Between 1997 and 2007 the number of children in workless households decreased from 19 to 16 per cent .
One in five children still live in poverty .
Verdict
Some progress has been made on reducing income inequalities , but the gap between the richest and poorest is increasing .
The UK is not on track to meet its child poverty target .
Local economies
Government target
Job and business creation with benefits for the community , and town centres that are economically viable and attractive .
Eighty per cent overall employment rate .
What the report says
There are more than 55,000 social enterprises in Britain generating more than £ 27bn in turnover .
Over the past decade Britain has had high rates of employment but this fell to 74 per cent in December 2008 .
Verdict
The economic downturn has caused increases in unemployment .
Unemployment is not distributed evenly across the UK , and basic and intermediate skills need improving .
Domestic waste
Government target
Reduce household residual waste by 29 per cent in 2010 .
Recycle or compost 40 per cent of household waste by 2010 .
What the report says
In England , total household waste fell by 2 per cent between 2006/07 and 2007 /08 .
The national household recycling rate has reached 34.5 per cent but is short of the 40 per cent 2010 target .
The UK is also still heavily reliant on landfill .
Verdict
Households are recycling more of their waste , but most of that which is not recycled still goes to landfill .
A third of the food we buy goes to waste .
Biodiversity
Government target
To halt biodiversity loss by 2010 .
To deliver 95 per cent of Sites of Special Scientific Interest ( SSSI ) into ' favourable ' or ' recovering ' condition by 2010 .
What the report says
Eighty per cent of SSSIs are in ' favourable ' or ' recovering ' condition .
Sustainable development issues , including biodiversity , risk being sidelined by Rural Development Agencies , due to an overriding focus on economic growth .
Verdict
Britain is not on target to halt biodiversity loss by 2010 .
Protected area arrangements appear to be working but the lack of cross - government action means non-protected areas are particularly vulnerable .
Air quality
Government target
The EU Air Quality Directive sets standards for major pollutants , including levels of particulates , nitrogen dioxide , and ozone .
What the report says
Overall emissions of nitrogen oxides , particulates and sulphur dioxide have been steadily decreasing since 1990 .
Despite this , air pollution in 2005 was estimated to reduce life expectancy by seven to eight months and cost up to £ 20.2 bn per annum .
Verdict
Despite decreases in overall emissions of air pollutants , 20 cities fail to meet EU legislation for particulates , and the UK is at risk of missing targets for nitrogen dioxide levels .
Easter Island drug boosts lifespan
Scientists have developed an ‘ anti-ageing ’ pill created from a chemical found in the soil of Easter Island — a Polynesian land mass in the South Pacific famous for its monumental statues .
The drug , called rapamycin , is currently used to prevent the rejection of transplanted organs and as an experimental cancer treatment .
Studies show that adding rapamycin to the diet of older mice gave them the human equivalent of thirteen extra years of life .
Although it is not yet suitable for use on people , researchers believe that further studies could lead to a genuine ‘ fountain of youth ’ drug that could extend people ’s life spans by more than a decade .
There are tons of companies making great dark chocolate that is 100 % vegan and 100 % delicious !
Here are some of my faves .
There are tons of companies making great dark chocolate that is 100 % vegan and 100 % delicious !
Here are some of my faves .
From the land involved to the waste produced , conventional dairy production has a huge environmental impact .
Not only is conventional dairy not great for the planet , it ’s not so great for you .
You can do yourself and your body a favor but cutting back on or cutting out the dairy in your diet .
Whenever folks learn that I do n’t eat dairy products , there are certain questions they seem to always ask .
One of the most common is :
But do n’t you miss chocolate ?
The assumption is that chocolate has to contain milk , and that ’s just not true at all .
What makes chocolate …. chocolate …is cocoa butter which despite its name is a plant ingredient .
There are tons of companies making great dark chocolate that is 100 % vegan and 100 % delicious !
Finding vegan chocolate is as easy as taking the time to do a bit of label - reading .
While you might not be able to just grab a Hershey bar , you do n’t have to live a chocolate - free existence , either .
Here are just a few tasty options :
+ Many varieties of Ghirardelli dark chocolate are vegan , including their semi-sweet chocolate chips .
– Ed. note :
A thoughtful reader reached out to tell me that many of Ghiradelli ’s products have been reformulated and now contain milk .
Definitely read the ingredients .
They still offer some vegan dark chocolate , but definitely check the label before buying .
+ Dagoba makes some really tasty dark chocolate .
Watch out , though .
Since they were bought by Hershey ’s a few years ago , I ’ve noticed some milk ingredients creeping in .
A little label reading is definitely in order here .
+ While it ’s on the pricier side , Vosges makes amazing dark chocolate .
+ Whole Foods 365 brand makes affordable vegan dark chocolate chips .
+ Sharffen Berger makes a mean dark chocolate bar !
And by mean , I mean delicious .
+ Not only are there cute critters pictured on every package , Endangered Species ’ dark chocolate is 100 % fair trade .
Recommended : 72 % dark chocolate bar with raspberries .
This is hardly a comprehensive list !
With a little label reading , you ’ll discover lots of other vegan chocolate options out there .
Cocoa powder is usually vegan , too , which means you can add chocolate to your soy - or almond milk or to baked goods .
Do you have a favorite brand of dark chocolate ?
I ’m always looking for new sorts to try out !
Image Credit : Creative Commons photo by nicubunu
When age fell upon the world , and wonder went out of the minds of men ; when grey cities reared to smoky skies tall towers grim and ugly , in whose shadow none might dream of the sun or of Spring 's flowering meads ; when learning stripped the Earth of her mantle of beauty and poets sang no more of twisted phantoms seen with bleared and inward looking eyes ; when these things had come to pass , and childish hopes had gone forever , there was a man who traveled out of life on a quest into spaces whither the world 's dreams had fled .
Of the name and abode of this man little is written , for they were of the waking world only ; yet it is said that both were obscure .
It is enough to say that he dwelt in a city of high walls where sterile twilight reigned , that he toiled all day among shadow and turmoil , coming home at evening to a room whose one window opened not to open fields and groves but on to a dim court where other windows stared in dull despair .
From that casement one might see only walls and windows , except sometimes when one leaned so far out and peered at the small stars that passed .
And because mere walls and windows must soon drive a man to madness who dreams and reads much , the dweller in that room used night after night to lean out and peer aloft to glimpse some fragment of things beyond the waking world and the tall cities .
After years he began to call the slow sailing stars by name , and to follow them in fancy when they glided regretfully out of sight ; till at length his vision opened to many secret vistas whose existance no common eye suspected .
And one night a mighty gulf was bridged , and the dream haunted skies swelled down to the lonely watcher 's window to merge with the close air of his room and to make him a part of their fabulous wonder .
There came to that room wild streams of violet midnight glittering with dust of gold , vortices of dust and fire , swirling out of the ultimate spaces and heavy perfumes from beyond the worlds .
Opiate oceans poured there , litten by suns that the eye may never behold and having in their whirlpools strange dolphins and sea-nymphs of unrememberable depths .
Noiseless infinity eddied around the dreamer and wafted him away without touching the body that leaned stiffly from the lonely window ; and for days not counted in men's calandars the tides of far spheres that bore him gently to join the course of other cycles that tenderly left him sleeping on a green sunrise shore , a green shore fragrant with lotus blossums and starred by red camalotes ...
With the Web becoming the default development platform , we are witnessing major innovations in browser technology .
In the spirit of time , Opera has announced plans for “ the fastest JavaScript engine on the market ” code named Carakan and Apple has released Safari 4 in public beta with several new features and improvements .
One of the major technical improvements of the Caracan VM over Opera ’s older engine Futhark , is the fact that it does n’t use a stack - based bytecode instruction set anymore but rather a register - based :
In the new engine , we ’ve instead opted for a register - based bytecode instruction set .
In a register - based machine , instead of a dynamically sized stack of values , there ’s a fixed size block of them , called “ registers ” .
Instead of only looking at the values at the top of the stack , each instruction can access any register .
Since there is no need to copy values to and from the top of the stack to work on them , fewer instructions need to be executed , and less data needs to be copied .
Caracan will also support native code generation :
Although our new engine ’s bytecode instruction set permits the implementation of a significantly faster bytecode execution engine , there is still significant overhead involved in executing simple ECMAScript code , such as loops performing integer arithmetics , in a bytecode interpreter .
To get rid of this overhead we are implementing compilation of whole or parts of ECMAScript programs and functions into native code .
Another area of improvement is in the representation of JavaScript objects :
In the new engine , each object is assigned a class that collects various information about the object , such as its prototype and the order and names of some or all of its properties .
Class assignment is naturally very dynamic , since ECMAScript is a very dynamic language , but it is organized such that objects with the same prototype and the same set of properties are assigned the same class .
This representation allows compact storage of individual objects , since most of the complicated structures representing the object ’s properties are stored in the class , where they are shared with all other objects with the same class .
In real - world programs with many objects of the same classes , this can save significant amounts of memory .
Opera claims that with these enhancements Caracan is currently 2.5 times faster than the engine which is featured in Opera 10 Alpha .
With no release date yet , it will be interesting to see if these improvements will boost the popularity of the Opera browser , whose market share for January 2009 was 0,70 % according to NetApplications .
On the other side of the river , Apple has released Safari 4 beta which also features a new JavaScript Engine named Nitro :
Using the new Nitro Engine , for example , Safari executes JavaScript up to 30 times faster than Internet Explorer 7 and more than 3 times faster than Firefox 3 based on performance in leading industry benchmark tests : iBench and SunSpider .
This new version of Safari supports several advanced and new technologies like :
CSS Animations
CSS Effects
CSS 3 Web Fonts
CSS Canvas
HTML 5 Media Support
HTML 5 Offline Support
Acid 3 Compliance ( the only browser to pass the test )
Speculative Loading
Safari also comes with several new features and UI improvements like :
Tabs on Top
Cover Flow
Full History Search
Windows Native Look and Feel
Smart Address Field
Full - Page Zoom
Smart Search Field
Phishing and Malware Protection
For more information on how to leverage these new features in the development of applications both for the desktop and the mobile version of Safari , you can visit Apple ’s Safari Dev Center .
Paul Stamatiou has been spending some quality time with the new beta and is sharing his thoughts :
If this were a real review and I were to bestow Safari 4 beta with a Stammy rating , it would come in at around 6.5 - 7 out of 10 with emphasis on its stability and speed .
So what ’s Safari 4 good for ?
Browsing the web , not tweaking it .
Let ’s not forget that Safari is the king of private browsing mode * wink wink *… well not for long , Firefox 3.1 gets native support for that too .
If you ’re using Safari 4 Beta take a look at some of the hidden preferences ( OS X only ) , such as putting the tab bar back where it belongs .
With all major browser vendors doing separate work to improve their engines , Dion Almaer wonders if it would be better for them to collaborate :
Nice to see , and interesting that the browsers are n’t ( or are n’t able too ? ) share their VM work .
Each browser has a new VM implementation going .
Would n’t it be nice if they could share effort ?
Iliad replied to Dion question :
If they share the VM engines , there ’s no competition , and less incentive to push for better and faster implementations .
This way they keep trying to outdo each other - and that ’s good .
You can find more information about Browsers , JavaScript and Rich Internet Applications right here on InfoQ .
An ice bridge connecting a vast Antarctic ice shelf to two islands shattered on Saturday .
Satellite images from the European Space Agency show a 40 - kilometre - long strip of ice , linking the Charcot and Latady islands to the Wilkins Ice Shelf , snapped at its narrowest point .
Scientists fear the collapse will allow ocean currents to wash away more and more of the shelf .
They speculate the northern half of the shelf , which is roughly the size of Jamaica , could eventually break free of the Antarctic Peninsula and become a giant iceberg .
The Wilkins Ice Shelf has been moving since the 1990s , but experts say this is the first time one of the links apparently keeping it in place has crumbled .
They suspect climate change is responsible for the collapse of the bridge .
David Vaughan , an expert in glaciers with the British Antarctic Survey ( BAS ) , said the bridge was intact two days ago .
" It 's amazing how the ice has ruptured , " he told the Reuters news agency .
" We 've waited a long time to see this . "
Last week , U.S. and British scientists reported that Antarctica 's Wordie Ice Shelf , which has been retreating in the past 40 years , is now completely gone and more than 8,500 square kilometres have broken off from the Larsen Ice Shelf since 1986 .
Peg City Games
We will no longer be selling games as of May 1st , so if you are going to order , get your order in BEFORE then .
Japan ’s RoboCar
Z could bring the end of human driving as we know it
Tokyo’s ZMP Inc. has created a robot car capable of piloting itself with the use of cameras and sensors .
The Linux - powered 1/10 - scale RoboCar Z is equipped with CCD stereo cameras , an image recognition module , WiFi , a gyro sensor , acceleration sensors , and a multitude of other equipment .
It is intended to be used for verification of autonomous algorithm at the initial stage as well as for research on human - automobile interaction .
The base model will be marketed for about $ 6,000 while the full model equipped with an exterior will be sold for approximately $ 15,000 .
ZMP will begin shipments at the end of June , aiming to sell 200 of these vehicles in and outside Japan in the first year .
[ Via Tech - On ]
Well today I was playing an online Video Game Music quiz and I happened upon the opening theme of Cannon Fodder .
I ’ll just say that I had no idea what was coming there , it starts out with ska chords and goes into “ ♫
War , never been so much fun… ♫ ”
So for the focus of this article I will talk about some attention grabbing intros .
Not all of them need take the Cannon Fodder approach but all of them have some quality that makes them unforgettable .
Standout Game Intros
Cannon Fodder
Well I ’ve already let the cat out of the bag on this one , so I might as well go ahead and do it first .
Cannon Fodder is a strategy war game that takes a very strong satirical approach on War .
So much that it hit on controversy with the picture shown above .
The flower shown is the corn poppy , which is the symbolic flower of WW 1 , and when veterans discovered that this was going to be used there was an uproar against it .
Needless to say the poppy was removed from the box but it is still in the opening screen of the game .
As for the intro screen , well I wo n’t type out all of the lyrics because it ’s a better experience checking it out for yourself .
Some might say that systems like the Amiga were the golden age of games because makers cared much more about their content and made very fun , intelligent games ; which stands out in this game where despite opposition , the designers still put the game out .
Donkey Kong 64
I ’m not even sure that I have to say much for this one because if anyone reading this ever picked up this game … well you know exactly what I ’m about to say : DK Rap .
Yes , the infamous rap so terrible that you would desperately hit start as soon as you could hear ♫boom cha boom boom cha♫ and hopefully you got to the demo start screen before ” So they ’re finally here , performing for you .. etc.. ”
Let ’s just say I do know that words and I could join in too .
In any event , it caught your attention all right .
Chrono Cross
Well this intro I had n’t seen until I did some research , and I can say that I was blown away .
I would n’t say that it does anything new or original in its cinematography , but it ’s the music that makes the video amazing .
“ Scars of Time ” is one of Mitsuda ’s best works .
The song has so many powerful elements to it , and every one of them fits the video so perfectly that it becomes riveting .
Even the words at the beginning are poetic enough to keep your attention : “ Yet even then we ran like the wind / Whilst our laughter echoed , / Under cerulean skies … ”
Legend of Zelda : Majora ’s Mask
Here is an intro that really set the mood for the entire game to come .
MM has one of the most dark intros ( and is one of the darkest games ) I ’ve ever seen , particularly for a Zelda game .
First , the camera pans down to a gloomy dark forest only to have Link waylaid and pass out , then some creepy masked Skull kid makes off with Epona and drags you behind .
Only after being freed do you desperately chase after ( now doing flips when you jump ) to fall intro a pit of blackness with disorientating shapes to find out that Skullkid ‘ got rid of ’ Epona !
Final Fantasy VIII
Final Fantasy is a series that always has attention grabbing intros , but I just found that 8 had the most , “ WTF ? !@ ” kind of feeling to it .
When it opens all you see is a nice , sunny beach .
Then all of the sudden this malevolent chorus comes in singing Latin and it becomes a huge tense contrast .
As if that was n’t enough , the waves begin to talk to you :
“ I ’ll be here … ”
“ … Why ? … ”
“ … so … ”
The way that text comes up it reminds me of an evil , crazy villain like the Joker ; just toying with Batman or his victims .
This text continues to appear as the song builds and now goes to a flowery field , and it snowballs from there .
Shenmue
This game has been mentioned in the past here on Continue but the intro video was not discussed .
This game intro is perfect in the hollywood sense .
It has well fitted music , lots of careful , realistic camera angles , and it has a compelling story .
Some of the camera angles from the trees really make it tense .
Metal Gear 2 : Solid Snake
Before I even talk about this game – which was orignally for the console MSX , and it ’s the only version I count ( Nintendo failed hard on the port ) – I have to say that the soundtrack is fantastic .
The song chosen for the opening is so fitting to a spy / Tom Clancy style of movie that you could watch it with popcorn .
All scene changes and appearances of the schematics of the Metal Gear weapon are very drawing and I can honestly say that this is a timeless trailer , and it was made 19 years ago .
Fallout
Well , I can say that I always liked this game for its style .
The old tyme music is fantastic to say the least , but the irony of it just makes the game great to watch or play .
The video is no exception and the irony and contrast as the tv pulls away is as attention grabbing as when the TV dies .
Then , of course , the narrator comes in and you ’ve no choice but to watch it out .
Dune
Dune is a game that I have yet to play , but I think it is a game that every gamer should .
Anyone who plays it will claim it had an influence on them to some degree , and it ’s a landmark in gaming in more ways that one .
The soundtrack by Stephane picq is unique and excellent , and the intro video has some sort of power to it .
It has urgent music , and despite the fact that technology only allows flashes of images in many cases ( and no voices or sfx ) , it ’s still done in a way that really keeps you looking .
Especially the quick snappy shots and moving faces .
Sonic CD
Sonic CD has been a favorite opening of mine since I first booted it up on the Sega CD .
Cartoon or not the video is awesomely epic and “ Sonic Boom ” is one of the greatest songs ever .
Kudos Spencer Nilson , he really made the image of sonic flying at the Robotnik Death Star something to remember .
Super Smash Bros. Melee
After the simple intro of a glove carrying a stock character onto a table in Super Smash Bros. , I ca n’t say that I expected much from this intro , but it really went in a different direction .
It is a very action - packed , snappy intro with quick character and music changes and cool character freeze frames .
So to tie up this eclectic mix of ending themes , I ’ll just say that some of the biggest surprises seem to come from the most unexpected places .
I did n’t expect a sequel to have a fantastic trailer compared to the original , or that the larger portion of attention drawing intros for me would be some of the earliest games .
~ Dan
Share this : Facebook
Reddit
Twitter
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
When the first stories began to spread about StarCraft 2 not supporting LAN play , the Internet began to fight back .
Sure , it fought with mostly useless online petitions and griping on various gaming forums , but there was a sense that something big had been taken from us .
Why are people so upset about the exclusion of LAN play ?
It has much to do with nostalgia , and much to do with why so many of us fell in love with StarCraft in the first place .
The issue was n't just hype , nor was it a misquote .
" We do n't currently plan to support LAN play with StarCraft 2 , as we are building Battle . net to be the ideal destination for multiplayer gaming with StarCraft 2 and future Blizzard Entertainment games , " Blizzard told Ars when we asked about the problem directly .
" While this was a difficult decision for us , we felt that moving away from LAN play and directing players to our upgraded Battle .
net service was the best option to ensure a quality multiplayer experience with StarCraft 2 and safeguard against piracy . "
Blizzard is " encouraging " everyone to use Battle .
net as much as possible to take advantage of things like the advanced communication options , achievements , and other things such as stat tracking .
Playing offline , directly connected to other computers , is simply not part of the plan .
Keeping the game safe from pirates trumps our love of gaming in smoky basements filled with too much junk food .
StarCraft was known as one of the most LAN - friendly games on the market when it was first released , giving players the option to install a " spawn " of the game on the other computers using one CD key .
This spawned install allowed multiplayer with up to eight players , meaning that if you had one copy of the game , you could invite seven friends over with their systems and no one else needed to buy the game .
Will the spawning feature be supported in StarCraft 2 , now that LAN play has been removed completely ?
Our take is the chances are slightly above zero , but not by much .
Blizzard was so loved because it was a gamer - friendly company that gave us more than we asked for , and surprised us with things like a free online service and the spawned installs .
Now , if you want to hook up a few computers in your basement without an Internet connection , you may not be able to play against each other at all .
The LAN party is a dying thing in the world of built - in voice chat and high - speed Internet connections , but it 's not dead yet ... especially among those who grew up playing StarCraft .
LAN games , without the worry of hooking everyone up to the Internet ( and without the distraction of the same ) just are n't seen as important any more .
Even Dungeons and Dragons , the table - top game , is using computers for more and more of the role - playing .
Us old - timers who want our electronic gaming with less ... well , technology , are n't happy with some of these changes .
Luckily for Blizzard , this probably wo n't affect its bottom line .
In a recent poll in Opposable Thumbs we asked the readers what they thought of this news , and with 4,400 respondents we were able to test the waters .
Fifty - two percent said that Blizzard has earned some trust , so they 're going to wait to see what the final , new version of Battle .
net looks like , and 21 percent said they 're going to pick the game up without any concern over LAN play or a three - game campaign .
Twenty - six percent ( 1,165 votes ) said they 're going to pass on the game completely .
We 'll see how many of those people break down and buy the game , and we 'll see if Blizzard wows us with even better features than LAN play in this new and improved Battle .
net .
What 's clear is that a large part of gaming 's past is being de-emphasized .
This story is n't over , but for now , LAN gamers are going to angrily shake our canes at the younger gamers and even — amazingly !
—
Blizzard .
And the company used to be so welcome on our lawn .
In these meetings , the gangs were given a strong moral message .
Obviously , gang members who committed crimes stood the chance of , but there was also a clear message that the violence was wrong and that it damaged the community .
According to the article , the program has had some success .
Why should a moral message have an effect on gang violence ?
The United States already has tough penalties for drug crimes and gang crimes .
One way to think about this is that incarceration ( and even capital punishment ) for sets up a business model .
A potential gang member gets an extended family for being in a gang .
He ( most gang members are men ) stands some chance of being the victim of violence and some chance of losing freedom to the prison system , but these are potential prices to pay for the benefit of being part of the gang as well as the money and prestige that may come along with success in the gang .
So gang members are normally doing a cost - benefit analysis of their situation .
There is some evidence , though , that the moral dimension can provide an alternative for action .
For example , Ann Tenbruensel and David Messick published a study in 1999 in Administrative Science Quarterly in which they had business students play the role of a company manager who had to decide whether a factor should pay to have a factory 's pollution scrubbers updated to satisfy new pollution regulations or to violate those regulations .
There were three conditions in this study .
In the first , there was no punishment for polluting .
In the second , there was a large fine for polluting .
In the third , there was a small fine for polluting .
The interesting result of this study was that participants in the study tended to argue that the company should install the pollution scrubbers both when there was a heavy fine for polluting and also when there was no fine .
When there was a small fine , though , people tended to opt to have the factory pollute .
Why ?
When there is a large fine , it is worth paying to upgrade the factory .
That is a good business decision .
When there is a small fine , it is worth paying the fine rather than upgrading .
That is also a good business decision .
When there is no fine , though , people tended to cast the decision in moral terms rather than business terms .
Without a fine , failing to upgrade the factory was a statement that the company did not care about the environment .
The moral dimension of the problem was actually stronger than a weak fine .
Perhaps the same thing is going on in the gang situation .
When gang members are faced only with jail time , then they are weighing the benefits of gang membership against their freedom .
When the gang members have to face the influence of their activities on the community , then the choice takes on a moral dimension .
Gang members are part of multiple communities , and the gang is just one .
By highlighting that membership in one community harms another community to which gang members belong , this program forces them to decide which community is more important .
There still has to be a system of punishments for those people who still opt for gang violence , of course .
But this program highlights the complexity of the decisions that we face , and how small changes in the way those decisions are framed can have a big influence on people 's behavior .
Follow me on Twitter .
Manchester United today confirmed that Carlos Tevez is to leave Old Trafford .
United chief executive David Gill had been in discussions with Tevez 's advisor Kia Joorabchian , with the aim of keeping the popular Argentina star .
But , despite the offer of a lucrative five - year contract that would have made Tevez one of the highest paid players at the club , the South American has decided to leave .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Following contact received from Carlos Tevez 's advisors last night , in advance of the deadline the club set for concluding negotiations , Manchester United announces that Carlos will not be signing a new contract with the club , " said a statement released by United this morning .
" The club agreed to pay the option price of £ 25.5 million and offered Carlos a five year contract which would have made him one of its highest paid players .
" Disappointingly however , his advisors informed the club that , despite the success he has enjoyed during one of the club 's most successful periods , he does not wish to continue playing for Manchester United .
" The club would like to thank Carlos for his services over the last two seasons and wishes him good luck for the future . "
The news will be greeted with dismay by United fans , who have warmed to Tevez 's all - action style during a two - year ' loan ' spell that has included successive Premier League titles and the Champions League in 2008 .
They had hoped some of the £ 80 million about to be pocketed from Real Madrid for the sale of Cristiano Ronaldo would be used to keep Tevez , who also impressed during a season with West Ham .
However , after declaring earlier this season he was deeply unhappy at a perceived lack of match action - even though he made more appearances than either Wayne Rooney or Dimitar Berbatov , it was always likely the South American would move on .
Tevez is certainly not short of options , with new Chelsea boss Carlo Ancelotti keen to lure the former Boca Juniors star to Stamford Bridge .
Yet Manchester City are the favourites to confirm Tevez 's capture , having made Joorabchian an offer said to be well in excess of United's .
As the Blues are on the verge of confirming Roque Santa Cruz 's £ 18 million arrival from Blackburn , it would represent a major statement of intent for a club also hoping to tie up the signing of Barcelona striker Samuel Eto'o .
The best league in the world is back .
Join
The Independent for an online event , as our panel discusses the most uncertain start to a season in Premier League history .
Click here to find out more and book your free ticket today .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
A rifle - wielding white supremacist entered Washington 's Holocaust museum on Wednesday afternoon , fatally shooting a security guard before being wounded himself by return fire from other guards , authorities said .
Stephen Tyrone Johns was shot and killed while working at the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum on Wednesday .
more photos »
Stephen Tyrone Johns , a six - year veteran of the museum 's security staff , later " died heroically in the line of duty , " said Sara Bloomfield , museum director .
Law enforcement sources identified the suspect as James W. von Brunn , an 88 - year - old white supremacist from Maryland .
He is a known Holocaust denier who created an anti-Semitic Web site called " The Holy Western Empire . "
He has repeatedly claimed " The Diary of Anne Frank , " a widely read book about a teenage girl 's experiences under Nazi rule , was a hoax .
The museum shooting occurred on a day the museum was to stage a play based on Anne Frank and two days before what would have her 80th birthday .
Investigators found a notebook in the suspect 's car listing other locations in Washington , a federal official told CNN .
It was unclear what purpose the list served .
Von Brunn allegedly entered the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum at 12:50 p.m. Wednesday and immediately shot Johns with a rifle , said Chief Cathy Lanier of the District of Columbia 's Metropolitan Police Department .
Two other security guards returned fire , according to Lanier and the museum statement .
Both Johns and Von Brunn were taken to George Washington University Hospital , said D.C. Mayor Adrian Fenty .
Johns died at the hospital .
Von Brunn was in critical condition , Fenty said .
Johns , 40 , was a resident of Temple Hills , Maryland , according to a statement issued by Wackenhut Services Inc. , which has provided security services at the museum since 2002 .
" Obviously there are no words to express our grief and shock over the horrific event that took place at this museum today , " Bloomfield , the museum director , said .
Witnesses : ' Panic ' inside museum »
She said the museum was closed for the remainder of the day and would remain closed Thursday in honor of Johns .
Brunn served six years in prison for trying in 1981 to kidnap Federal Reserve board members because of high interest rates .
He blamed his prison term on a " Negro jury , Jew / Negro attorneys " and " a Jew judge , " he said on his Web site , " Holy Western Empire . "
The Southern Poverty Law Center , which focuses on human rights , said Brunn has " an extremely long history with neo -Nazis and white supremacists . "
A place that stimulates visitors to confront hatred and promotes peace and human dignity , the Holocaust museum on Wednesday became the scene of everything that was opposite .
See more photos from the scene »
Witnesses described blood on the floor and chaos within the museum 's halls .
Visitor Maria Hernandez told CNN she heard five shots and saw the wounded security guard .
Watch Maria describe what she saw »
" It was definitely a security guard ; he was down bleeding on the floor , " said Hernandez , 19 .
" He was face down .
His back ... blood was coming out . "
Sirens blared as emergency vehicles converged on the area , which is near the Washington Monument and other popular tourist attractions .
The museum was full at the time , with a " couple of thousand " people inside , said William Parsons , chief of staff at the museum .
See where the museum is located »
" Never take your guard force and security people for granted , " he said .
" They did exactly what they were supposed to do to protect people in the museum . "
Law enforcement analyst talks about how this could have happened »
Dave Pearson , a sixth - grade teacher in the Washington area , said he was on the museum 's fourth floor when he heard a loud noise .
" At the time , we 're visiting and all of a sudden there 's like a boom , and all of a sudden they told us to stop where we 're at , " he told CNN .
" Only thing we heard was a boom , and that was it . "
Watch another museum visitor tell what he saw »
An FBI official said there was no prior warning or threat against the museum .
In a later statement , the FBI said members of its National Capital Response Squad and Joint Terrorism Task Force are taking part in the investigation .
Lanier said the area around the museum was checked by bomb - sniffing dogs as a matter of routine .
The shooting sent shock waves throughout the nation 's capital and elsewhere .
" I am shocked and saddened by today 's shooting at the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum , " said President Obama , who just days earlier had spoken emotionally about the Holocaust when he visited Buchenwald , a former Nazi concentration camp with Holocaust survivor and Nobel Peace Prize laureate Elie Wiesel .
" This outrageous act reminds us that we must remain vigilant against anti-Semitism and prejudice in all its forms , " Obama said Wednesday .
" No American institution is more important to this effort than the Holocaust Museum , and no act of violence will diminish our determination to honor those who were lost by building a more peaceful and tolerant world . "
Israel issued a statement through its embassy , expressing sadness and condemning the attack .
Fenty called the shooting " an extremely isolated incident " in the nation 's capital , which is a major tourist destination .
" In these days and times , you never know when someone is going to grab a gun and use it in an inappropriate way , " he said .
The museum canceled a performance scheduled for Wednesday night of a play about racism and anti-Semitism , based on a fictional meeting between Anne Frank and Emmett Till , the teenage victim of a racist killing in the United States .
U.S. Attorney Gen. Eric Holder and Rep. Steve Cohen , D - Tennessee , were among those planning to attend the play , which was written by Janet Langhart Cohen , the wife of former Defense Secretary and U.S. Sen.
William Cohen .
Langhart Cohen told CNN that Anne Frank 's young life was ended by people filled with hate .
She said it was hard to see that same hate manifest itself at this place of remembrance .
CNN 's Lindy Royce contributed to this report
All About United States Holocaust Memorial Museum
Passenger who died on night bus was left slumped in his seat over - night after the driver ' forgot ' about him
A passenger who died on the top deck of a night bus was left slumped in his seat overnight after the driver ' forgot about him ' , an inquest heard .
Pawel Modzelewski , 25 , got on the No.36 bus at Queen 's Park , West London at 12.29 am and CCTV footage showed him slumped over in his seat 12 minutes later .
The driver claimed he thought the Pole was asleep and attempted to rouse him , but when he took the bus back to the depot at 1.30 am he ' forgot ' about him and went home for the night .
Pawel Modzelewski died on a night bus and remained there until found by a fellow passenger the next day
Early morning commuters joined the double - decker , unaware Mr Modzelewski was dead .
Mr Modzelewski remained on the bus until an early morning passenger finally raised the alarm , Southwark Coroner 's Court heard .
Disciplinary action is now being taken against the staff of the London Central Bus Company over the incident .
Paul Bailey , accident prevention manager for London Central Bus Company , told the hearing the driver thought Mr Modzelewski was asleep and tried to rouse him at New Cross Gate bus garage .
' But there was no response .
He drove the bus into the garage to be refuelled and cleaned by contractors , ' Mr Bailey said .
' He forgot to tell anyone about the man .
The cleaners did n't clean the bus and on finishing his duty , the driver went home . '
Mr Bailey said engineers intended to check the bus before it was used again , but neglected to check upstairs .
In a statement , bus passenger Morlaye Keppy - Camara said he flagged down a double - decker at 7 am the following morning in Brockley .
' I got on the bus and went upstairs .
I walked towards the back of the bus .
As I did so I passed a white male , ' he said .
' He was slumped forwards in his seat and not moving . '
The Pole was left slumped on the top deck of the bus over - night
Mr Keppy - Camara said he went to the back of the bus but became more and more concerned and decided to try to rouse him .
It was then he noticed vomit on Mr Modzelewski 's clothes and spoke to the driver .
Police arrived at 7.11 am and discovered an empty syringe in Mr Modzelewski's right hand and a small wrap of what appeared to be heroin .
A post mortem revealed the Polish man had overdosed on the drug .
Coroner Dr Andrew Harris said the cause of death was an overdose of drink and drugs - but he said there were ' missed opportunities ' to help save Mr Modzelewski's life .
Recording a narrative verdict , he said : ' Mr Modzelewski was found cold and dead holding an empty needle .
' On the balance of probabilities , he died self - administering a drug , yet he was not found until six and a half hours later .
' We have heard no evidence as to whether the delay in finding the deceased would have made any difference to his outcome . '
Mr Harris added he would be compiling a report for the bus company and Mr Modzelewski's family - setting out recommendations to prevent a similar incident .
Mr Modzelewski , of no fixed address , was represented by his uncle Eligiusz , who is also living in the UK .
He told the court : ' If my nephew had had help earlier , maybe things would have been different . '
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  Militants attacked a Pakistani Army convoy on Saturday , killing two high - level prisoners and a soldier , the military said , a strike that highlighted the reach that the Taliban still has a month after an offensive began against them .
The prisoners were connected to the militant leadership in the Swat Valley , where the campaign is taking place .
They were deputies of Sufi Muhammad , a religious leader with ties to the Taliban whose son- in - law Maulana Fazlullah commands the Taliban in the area .
Mr. Muhammad leads a banned group called Tehrik - i- Nafaz - i- Shariah - Muhammadi , or TNSM , whose stated goal is the implementation of Islamic law and which is closely linked to the Taliban .
His deputies who were killed were identified by the military and locals as Muhammad Alam and TNSM ’s spokesman , Amir Izat Khan .
A spokesman for Pakistan ’s military , Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas , said by telephone that the attack happened at 5 a.m. near an area called Sakha Kot just north of Peshawar , the regional capital .
A convoy of about six military vehicles hit a bomb in the road .
Soon after , militants started shooting at the convoy , and soldiers returned fire .
De la loi Hadopi , il ne restera que le volet " pédagogique " .
Le nouveau projet de loi , qui devrait être présenté en conseil des ministres le 1er juillet puis au Parlement courant juillet , ne sauvera pas l'idée d'un système de riposte massif et gradué .
Un coup dur pour Christine Albanel , ministre de la culture , qui , depuis le début , doit porter un projet poussé par l'Elysée .
Samedi 13 juin , la partie non censurée de la loi Hadopi a été publiée au Journal officiel .
" Fin octobre début novembre les premiers courriels arriveront dans la boîte des internautes " , indique - t - on dans l'entourage de la ministre .
Dès début 2010 tomberont les premières lettres recommandées .
Les suites de ces procédures " basculeront vers la voie judiciaire " , précise - t - on rue de Valois .
Le rôle de la loi Hadopi s'arrête là .
L'hiver 2010 aura alors un parfum d'automne 2004 sur le plan de la lutte contre le téléchargement .
2004 , l'année où l'industrie du disque , exaspérée par la chute de ses ventes ( – 30 % entre 2001 et 2003 ) , décide de frapper les esprits en lançant une cinquantaine de procès pour contrefaçon contre des téléchargeurs .
Passibles d'une peine de trois ans d'emprisonnement et de 300 000 euros d'amende , les " contrefacteurs - téléchargeurs " n'ont jamais été lourdement condamnés .
Ce type de procédure , laissée entre parenthèses en attendant la mise en place de la loi Hadopi , pourrait reprendre .
Enquêtes , procès contradictoires … , l'ensemble des procédures passera par le juge , réduisant à néant le volet de riposte massive .
Franck Riester , député UMP et rapporteur de la loi , " préconise une spécialisation des juges sur la question des droits d'auteur " .
L'objectif est d'optimiser les procédures , et par conséquent l'aspect dissuasif .
" Le juge pourrait être doté d'une nouvelle sanction : la suppression momentanée de l'accès à Internet " , estime le député .
Reste qu'on demeure loin du projet initial censé changer les usages des internautes .
Christine Albanel promettait 10 000 avertissements par jour ; la machine judiciaire n'a pas les moyens de suivre .
Côté UMP , on espère que le volet pédagogique ne sera pas inefficace .
" S'il n'y a pas d'effet dissuasif , il faudra faire autre chose " , concède - t - on au ministère de la culture .
Devant l'impasse législative , les ayants droit pourraient viser une cible solvable .
" Nous estimons qu'il est scandaleux que les fournisseurs d'accès à Internet et les câblo - opérateurs ne participent pas au financement de la création " , estime Bernard Miyet , président du directoire de la Sacem . " Dans ce dossier , nous n'arrivons toujours pas à dépasser les rapports de force pour dialoguer intelligemment et se concerter … " , conclut Isabelle Falque - Pierrotin , présidente du Conseil d'orientation du Forum des droits sur l'Internet .
Eric Nunès
In America in the early 1900s , families would have professional photographs made into postcards .
The back was the regular postcard format - left half for a written message and right half for the address , with a spot in the upper corner for the stamp .
I have many of these old photo postcards , but only one that was actually mailed .
The rest only identify the people on the front , were n't addressed , but apparently slipped into an envelope with a letter instead .
The two young ladies here are Edyeth " Edith " Anna MORRIS , 6 1/2 , and her baby sister , Hazel Velma Morris , b. 10 March 1910 in Lemoore , Kings Co , Calif .
They were the youngest children of my great - aunt Eunice Josephine " Aunt Josie " ( Cupp ) and Samuel Grant MORRIS .
Little
Hazel looks to be about 3 months old , so I 'm guesstimating this was taken in late May or early June 1910 , probably at a studio in Lemoore .
Edith lived to a ripe old 96 ( 2000 ) , but Hazel passed away in April 1924 at the tender age of 14 , the fourth of Sam and Josie 's seven children to die in childhood .
Is this the only way to restore Democracy in the U.S. and get health care reform ?
The DCCC sent out a really exceptionally well done clip today pointing to the difference between Obama 's vision of Hope and the Republican vision of failure .
Please watch it below .
There 's no doubt that the Republicans are on a mission to not just obstruct , but to undermine -- everything , from health care reform to the economic recovery and even to the safety of the nation itself .
The clip puts forth a strong message , a compelling message .
But it just is n'tenough .
After all , it is n't only Republicans who want the single most important piece of Obama 's change agenda -- substantive health care reform -- to fail .
Plenty of Democrats get the exact same huge handouts from the exact same Medical - Industrial Complex and Big Insurance lobbyists and CEOs .
And they will doto prevent single payer health care from passing .
Among the top 10 recipients of Insurance Industry " donations " for those sitting in the Senate today , you will find 3 Republicans -- John McCain ( R - AZ - $ 2,885,602 ) , Mitch McConnell ( R-KY - $ 928,007 ) , and Chuck Grassley ( R - IA - $ 888,724 ) , all firmly opposed to health care reform ; 5 Democrats -- Chris Dodd ( D - CT - $ 2,202,046 ) , John Kerry ( D - MA - $ 1,395,617 ) , Ben Nelson ( D - NE - $ 1,210,299 ) Max Baucus ( D - MT - $ 1,182,613 ) , and Chuck Schumer ( D - NY - $ 1,002,800 ) , respectively 2 advocates of reform , 2 die - hard opponents and one opportunist looking to keep everyone happy ; and two freaks of nature , Arlen Specter ( R - D - PA - $ 1,037,205 ) and Joe Lieberman ( I - CT - $ 1,035,302 ) , both of whom advocate loudly for the Insurance Giants against their own constituents ... and against Obama 's vision of Hope .
The DCCC can rail against Republican obstructionists and corporate shills in the House all they want -- and John Boehner ( R- OH - $ 869,256 ) , Eric Cantor ( R- VA - $ 692,274 ) and Spencer Baucus ( R - AL - $ 674,350 ) have certainly been paid very well to sabotage health care reform -- but power in the House rests withwho get even more money from Big Insurance than Republicans : Earl Pomeroy ( Blue Dog - ND - $ 1,796,406 ) and Charlie Rangel ( D - NY - $ 1,383,035 ) .
In fact , with only 51 votes needed in the Senate to pass either single - payer or the compromise position ( a public option ) and with Nancy Pelosi guaranteeing a Democratic majority for the public option in the House -- despite the collusion of anti-working family Blue Dogs and New Democrats with Republicans to kill reform , the problem is looking very senatorial -- and very Democratic .
So who 'skilling health care reform ?
In truth , it 's a bipartisan coalition of arrogant senators , paid off by the Medical - Industrial Complex and the Insurance Giants most Americans hate a distrust .
Listen to Wisconsin Senator Russ Feingold , not part of that heinous colaition , explaining what real reform is and why he wo n't vote for any bogus bill corporate shills like Max Baucus , Ben Nelson Blanche Lincoln , Joe Lieberman , Mary Landrieu and Arlen Specter cobble together with the Republicans as a " compromise . "
The public optionthe compromise .
Health care reform is n't really a Republican vs Democratic issue ; it 's an issue for the welfare of all American families -- which is why a staggering 83 % of Americans want the public option .
Blue America has launched a new campaign to persuade senators who routinely take a great deal of money from Big Insurance to work for their constituents , not for their campaign contributors .
We are working with Brave New Films to put together a series of TV commercials that we will start running next month in Arkansas , home of two anti-reform Democrats , Blanche Lincoln and Mark Pryor .
Please read more about the plan -- and consider helping us put it into effect -- here at our Blue America page
Labels : bipartisanship , Culture of Corruption , DCCC , Insurance Industry , single - payer health insurance
Poking through boxes of old papers in the vaults of the State Library of New South Wales , historians were astonished to discover a yellowing manuscript containing 801 names .
It was a document laden with significance for the history of the 20th century : Schindler 's list .
The closely typed , 13 - page list was drawn up by a German industrialist , Oskar Schindler , who risked his life to save about 1,200 Jews from the gas chambers .
Little was known about his heroic deeds until the publication in 1982 of Schindler 's Ark , by the Australian author Thomas Keneally , which was turned into the Oscar - winning movie , Schindler 's List , directed by Steven Spielberg .
Keneally wrote his book following a chance encounter with Leonard Pfefferberg , a Polish Jew who owed his survival to Schindler .
The author had gone into Pfefferberg 's Beverley Hills boutique to buy a new briefcase ; the shop owner , learning that Keneally was an author , showed him his copy of the list , part of an extensive archive he kept on his saviour .
Keneally was hooked .
But after publishing the story under the title Schindler 's Ark , which won the Booker Prize in 1982 , the writer sold the document , along with other research papers , to a manuscript dealer .
Eventually , the list – a carbon typescript copy – found its way into the State Library in Sydney , which bought six cartons of Keneally 's papers from the dealer in 1996 .
It was recently discovered sandwiched between German newspaper clippings and the author 's own research notes , according to Olwen Pryke , the library 's co-curator .
Only a few copies of the original lists , which were compiled by Schindler in an effort to persuade the Nazis to save his Jewish workers , have survived .
One is housed in Yad Vashem , the Holocaust memorial museum in Jerusalem .
Dr Pryke was amazed to stumble across the list , which she called " one of the most powerful documents of the 20th century " , in one of the boxes .
" This list was hurriedly typed on 18 April 1945 , in the closing days of the Second World War , and it saved 801 men from the gas chambers , " she said .
" It 's an incredibly moving piece of history . "
Schindler was a Nazi party member , war profiteer and hard - drinking womaniser who used hundreds of Jews as forced labour at his enamelware and munitions factories .
Conscience - stricken after witnessing a raid on the Krakow Ghetto in Poland , he used his charm and guile to persuade officials that his workers were vital to the war effort , even plying high - ranking SS officers with money and alcohol .
His list , written in German , sets out the names , nationalities , religion , birthdates and skills of the Jews he employed as mechanics and metalworkers .
Pfefferberg , who urged Keneally to tell their remarkable story , was worker number 173 .
His wife , Ludmilla , was also saved .
Recalling his 1980 encounter with Pfefferberg , Keneally told the Sun Herald newspaper : " It 's the only case in my lifetime that someone has said ' I 've got a great story for you ' where I 've ended up doing anything about it . "
The author added : " Writing so many books is not only a great weariness to the soul , it 's also a storage problem .
But I 'm very glad the list has ended up at the State Library . "
Schindler , played by Liam Neeson in Spielberg 's 1993 film , was almost penniless by the end of the war .
He died in Germany in 1974 .
He and his wife , Emilie , were later honoured at the Yad Vashem as among the non-Jews who risked their lives to save some of Europe 's Jews from genocide .
Source : Independent
Belfast Telegraph
This image has been flagged for review and is only visible to moderators !
This picture has been deleted and is only visible to administrators !
https://cdn.imagefap.com/images/full/39/148/1489225166.gif?end=1601573940&secure=041417ea232a54e764f8b
You can navigate using your keyboard
Loading ...
The search strategy yielded 37,313 records ( Figure 1 ) .
After screening for keywords we identified 3137 self - described RCTs .
Of these , 83 ( 2.6 % ) were excluded on the grounds that they had been published in more than two versions in different journals , leaving 3054 articles selected for author interview .
All of the included articles and journals were published in Chinese and peer reviewed .
The authors of 735 ( 24.1 % ) of these could not be contacted , and a further 84 ( 2.8 % ) authors refused to answer our questions .
Of the remaining 2235 reports , only 207 were found to be authentic RCTs on the basis of their authors ' responses to the interview questions ( 6.8 % , 95 % CI 5.9 –7.7 , in 207 out of 2235 as those studies which the authors cannot be contacted were considered critically as unauthentic RCTs , and 9.3 % , 95 %CI 8.3 –10.3 in 207 out of 3054 , respectively ) .
Of these , 103 ( 7.3 % ) had examined TCM interventions and 104 ( 6.4 % ) had examined CM interventions .
Figure 1
The flow chart used for including and identifying the trials .
Full size image
Stratification by type of research setting
An analysis stratified according to type of research setting yielded striking results .
Researchers at medical universities or college - affiliated hospitals authored 713 of the self - described RCTs ( 22.7 % ) .
Of these , 30 ( 4.2 % ) were found to be the second or third version of a report published in another journal or journals ; 162 ( 23.7 % ) authors of the original studies could not be contacted , and a further 18 ( 2.6 % ) authors refused to participate .
The remaining 128 studies were identified as authentic RCTs on the basis of the author interview ( 18.7 % ) .
All of the articles reported results about pre-market drug randomized clinical trials and 51.6 % of trials supported by government and other official organizations were identified as authentic .
Authors at level 3 hospitals or medical institutes authored 495 ( 15.8 % ) of the self - described RCTs in our sample .
Twenty - seven ( 5.5 % ) of these were found to be the second or third versions of previously published reports .
The original authors of 103 ( 22.0 % ) of these reports could not be contacted , and 13 ( 2.8 % ) were uncooperative .
A total of 55 studies conducted at level 3 hospitals were deemed on the basis of the author interview to be authentic RCTs ( 11.8 % ) .
All of the randomized clinical trials of pre-market drugs were authentic , and of the trials supported by government and other official sources , 56.3 % were authentic .
Researchers at level 2 and lower - level hospitals authored 1929 ( 61.5 % ) of the self - described RCTs in our sample .
Of these , 26 studies ( 1.3 % ) had more than two versions .
The authors of 470 ( 24.7 % ) of the studies from the level 2 group could not be contacted for interview , and 53 ( 2.8 % ) refused to cooperate .
Only 24 studies conducted at class 2 or lower - level hospitals were deemed authentic RCTs ( 1.3 % ) ; of these , only one was a trial of a pre-market drug , and one had received funding from an official source .
Thus , self - described RCTs conducted at university or college - affiliated hospitals were significantly more likely to be authentic than those conducted at level 3 hospitals and medical institutes ( RR 1.58 , 95 % CI 1.18 –2.13 ) and those conducted at level 2 and lower level hospitals ( RR 14.42 , 95 % CI 9.40 –22.10 ) .
Similarly , studies conducted at level 3 hospitals were more likely to be authentic than those conducted at level 2 and lower - level hospitals ( RR 10.18 , 95 % CI 6.23 –16.63 ) .
Stratification by category of intervention
Of the 713 RCTs conducted at medical - university or college - affiliated hospitals , 331 ( 22.8 % ) examined TCM interventions while 382 ( 22.7 % ) examined CM interventions .
Of these , 11 ( 3.3 % ) TCM reports and 19 ( 5.0 % ) CM ones were the second or third version of previously published reports .
The authors of 75 ( 23.4 % ) of the TCM reports and 87 ( 24.0 % ) of the CM reports could not be reached , and the authors of 12 ( 3.8 % ) of the TCM papers and 6 ( 1.7 % ) of the CM papers were uncooperative .
Sixty - nine TCM studies ( 21.6 % ) and 59 CM studies ( 16.3 % ) were considered authentic RCTs ; there was no statistically significant difference in rates of authenticity between trials with respect to type of intervention ( RR 1.27 , 95 % CI 0.93 –1.74 ) .
All of the RCTs of pre-market drugs were authentic , regardless of whether they were classified as TCM or CM .
Similarly , there was no statistically significant difference in rates of authenticity between the TCM and CM categories with respect to funding source ( RR 1.33 , 95 % CI 0.97 –1.81 ; P = 0.08 ( other source - supported projects ) , and RR 1.24 , 95 %CI 0.67 to around 2.30 ; P = 0.49 ( government - supported projects , respectively ) ) .
Among the 62 projects funded by government and other official sources , 54.3 % of the TCM trials were authentic and 43.8 % of the CM were authentic ; there was no statistically significant difference in authenticity between TCM and CM fields ( RR 1.27 , 95 % CI 0.93 –1.74 ) .
Of the 495 self - described RCTs conducted at level 3 hospitals , 192 ( 13.2 % ) involved TCM interventions and 303 ( 19.1 % ) CM interventions ; only 55 of these 495 studies proved to be authentic RCTs , of which 23 ( 12.4 % ) and 32 ( 11.3 % ) concerned TCM and CM interventions , respectively .
Of these reports , 7 ( 3.6 % ) TCM studies and 20 ( 6.6 % ) CM studies were the second or third version of previously published reports .
The authors of 28 ( 15.1 % ) TCM studies and 75 ( 26.5 % ) CM studies could not be contacted by telephone , and the authors of 6 ( 3.2 % ) TCM studies and 7 ( 2.5 % ) CM studies refused to answer our questions .
There was no statistically significant difference in the likelihood of authenticity in the level 3 institutions associated with the category of interventions ( RR 1.10 , 95 % CI 0.67 –1.82 ) .
Five trials in each of the TCM and CM categories were of pre-market drugs ; all were deemed authentic RCTs .
The rate of authenticity among government and other officially supported projects was 100 % in the TCM category and 30 % in the CM category .
Rates of authenticity for different levels of hospital according to category of intervention
Studies conducted at university or college - affiliated hospitals had higher rates of authenticity than studies conducted at class 3 and level 2 hospitals .
This difference was statistically significant for both TCM and CM studies ( RR 1.68 , 95 % CI 1.09 –2.61 , and RR 17.47 , 95 % CI 9.35 –32.64 in the TCM field , and RR 1.46 , 95 % CI 0.98 –2.17 , RR 12.53 , 95 % CI 6.96 –22.54 in the CM field , respectively ) .
Studies conducted at level 3 hospitals and institutes had higher rates of authenticity in comparison with class 2 or lower hospitals .
This difference was statistically significant for both TCM and CM studies ( RR 11.67 , 95 % CI 5.58 –24.40 for TCM studies , and RR 8.59 , 95 % CI 4.57 –16.15 for CM studies ) .
Authors ' methodological understanding
We found that 115 authors ( 5.1 % ) had a good understanding of randomization methods but still claimed that their non-RCTs were RCTs .
Of these , 88 ( 8.2 % ) had reported on TCM interventions and 27 ( 2.3 % ) on CM interventions .
We found that 1913 authors ( 85.6 % ) did not fully understand the principles of randomization when they incorrectly claimed that their trials were RCTs .
Of these 1913 authors , 882 ( 82.2 % ) reported on TCM interventions and 1031 ( 88.7 % ) on CM interventions .
Of course , we cannot judge whether the authors who could not be contacted or refused to answer our questions had a good understanding of randomization methodology .
The results of our stratified analysis are given in Additional file 1 .
A further result , depicted in Figure 2 , was that rates of authenticity ( as defined by the use of adequate allocation methodology ) among self - described RCTs of both TCM and CM studies have been increasing over the past 10 years .
Updated According to six concerned CentOS developers , the Red Hat Enterprise Linux clone is poised on the edge of the abyss .
In an open letter posted to the CentOS website and the project mailing list , six fellow developers accuse project co-founder Lance Davis of putting the entire project at risk by disappearing from everyday involvement without ceding control to others .
" You seem to have crawled into a hole ... and this is not acceptable , " the letter reads .
" Please do not kill CentOS through your fear of shared management of the project . "
According to the letter , Davis has seemingly disappeared while still maintaining sole control of the CentOS domain and sole " Founders " rights in the project 's IRC channels .
" This is not proper , " the letter says - twice .
It also says that Davis has n't followed through on a promise to provide an update on the project 's financial situation , complaining that phone calls to him have gone unanswered for two weeks .
And according to one blog post , Davis has n't been involved in the project since sometime last year .
" Clearly the project dies if all the developers walk away , " says the letter , penned by fellow co-founder and developer Russ Herrold .
" Please contact me , or any other signer of this letter at once , to arrange for the required information to keep the project alive at the ' centos.org ' domain . "
Efforts to contact Lance Davis were unsuccessful .
Herrold tells
The Reg that the open letter was a " last resort , not a first resort . "
Herrold co-founded the CentOS project with Davis and others around 2003 .
" The CentOS project is something I helped found a million years ago , " he tells us .
" If you 're going to engage and not go forward with promises you make , you have to step aside .
That 's the way the world works .
It 's particularly the way free and open source works . "
Some of the six have also discussed the situation on their personal blogs .
According to one post , Davis also maintains control over the PayPal and Google AdSense accounts used by the CentOS websites .
" This basically means that all money that comes in through those channels went directly to him , not to the project " the post reads .
" We again have no control over it .
We repeatably asked Lance for a overview of the finances of the project , but he never showed that to the rest .
We have no idea how much money flowed into the project . "
If the developers are unable to resolve their differences with Davis , the post continues , they will move the project to a new domain .
" The project depends too much on one person and a lot of things are invisible for the project and the community .
And this is unacceptable .
We need to be transparent and Lance is preventing this , " it says .
" We still like to make things right and give Lance the change to correct all this and open up .
If not we will continue without him and get the project back on track .
And yes , this might potentially mean that we loose the centos.org domain and all the money already received by the project through the ads and PayPal .
This is also what I regret the most , that money that people have donated , thinking they are helping the project , flowed to 1 person .
I sincerely apologize to everyone for this . "
According to another post , Davis " vanished " from the project sometime last year .
And it too says Davis has sole access to the project 's PayPal and Google AdSense accounts .
The project released the latest version of its RHEL clone , version 5.3 , in April of this year .
Red Hat Enterprise Linux is a commercial distro , available through a RedHat paid subscription , but the source code is publicly available , and this is the basis for CentOS , available free of charge .
Technical support is provided by the community , with the project relying entirely on donations for cash .
You can download the distro here .
But the donation program is , well , unavailable . ®
Update :
This story has been updated with comments from Russ Herrold
In the past , I have provided multiple lines of evidence to establish the plausibility of front - loading evolution .
However , we have focused primarily on the transition from a unicellular to a multicellular eukaryotic state .
Let ’s now take one step back and begin pondering whether eukaryotic cells were themselves front - loaded to appear .
For without the eukaryotic cell design , it is unlikely that the planet would possess anything analogous to an animal or plant .
While we still do n’t really understand the origin of the eukaryotic cell , there is a strong consensus about the origin of the mitochondria , a very important organelle of eukaryotes .
According to the endosymbiotic theory , mitochondria are the descendents of bacteria .
The theory postulates that a phagocytic cell engulfed some aerobic bacteria and rather than digest them , a symbiotic relationship was established , where each partner benefited from the new relationship .
This relationship then set the stage for the ultimate stream - lining of the bacteria , such that they were transformed into mitochondria through the transfer of much of their gadgetry to the host nucleus .
In a nutshell , the essence of the argument for the endosymbiotic origin of mitochondria is that mitochondria look like they share a common ancestor with bacteria .
The argument is quite convincing , as there are numerous mitochondrial genes whose sequences are much more similar to bacterial sequence than that which exists in the nucleus of the same cell .
In fact , this is an example where no one piece of evidence carries the day , but instead it ’s the cumulative power of multiple lines of evidence .
Since mitochondria were once bacteria , might this transition have been front - loaded to happen ?
The main obstacle for this transition would occur long after the bacteria had established a symbiotic union with its host .
At some point , the bacteria transfer their genes to the host ’s nucleus , which would mean the host ’s ribosomes in the cytoplasm would have to synthesis the bacterial proteins .
And here is where the problem comes in – how do you specifically transfer the bacterial proteins in the cytoplasm , now mixed with the host ’s own proteins , back into the proto - mitochondria ?
If we think about this transition through the lens of PICERAS , the mitochondria are intimately tied with the pillar of energy , as they regenerate the ATP needed to fuel the cell ’s molecular machines .
They excel at this function because of the pillar of compartmentalization , where these metabolic reactions are optimized by the localized conditions within the mitochodria brought about by the composition of mitochondrial proteins themselves .
So how do we get the mitochondrial proteins that are synthesized by ribosomes in the cytoplasm across the mitochondrial membranes ?
Eukaryotic cells use the pillar of seclusion , where mitochondrial proteins have a small set of amino acids attached to the front end of the protein that act as a signal to set them apart from non-mitochondrial proteins .
This signal is known as the mitochondrial targeting sequence and contains around thirty amino acids that form an alpha helix that is mostly basic and hydrophobic .
Thus , any protein that has this mitochondrial targeting sequence attached to its front end will be transported into the mitochondiria .
To go a long way in solving the transport problem posed by the endosymbiotic transition , we need only account for the existence of this mitochondrial targeting sequence , as standard processes of recombination or transposition can paste it onto the front end of any protein .
So where did the mitochondrial targeting sequence come from ?
Answer – they have always existed in bacteria .
One recent study [ 1 ] used two different computer programs to determine that at least one out of every twenty proteins from E. coli possess a mitochondrial targeting sequence .
The researchers then took a candidate E. coli protein from the list ( YhaR ) and expressed it in baker ’s yeast .
When this was done , the E coli protein was transported to the mitochondria !
Not only is this all further evidence of the endosymbiotic theory , the researchers reached the following conclusion :
Multiple sequence alignments of the bacterial versions of these proteins show ragged amino - termini , with YhaR from E. coli having one of the longer amino - terminal extensions .
Ectopic expression of bacterial YhaR results in targeting of the protein to yeast mitochondria , suggesting that in some cases , during the course of evolution , this preadaptation meant little or no mutagenesis of upstream regions in bacterial genes to render the proteins they encode competent for import into ‘‘ protomitochondria . ’’
And
The gene products translated in the cytosol then needed to be recognized for translocation into protomitochondria .
Although seemingly problematic , it is now clear that physicochemical properties of a sizeable number of bacterial proteins like YhaR , present in diverse phyla of extant bacteria and therefore likely to have been inherent in proteins of the ancestral proteobacter , were available as a preadaptation to be used as the basis to specify mitochondrial targeting .
A key phase in the evolution of mitochondria was made possible because of preadaptation .
We thus have our first plausible example of front - loading the evolution of the modern , eukaryotic cell .
1. Rebecca Lucattini , Vladimir A. Likic´ , and Trevor Lithgow .
2004 .
Bacterial Proteins Predisposed for Targeting to Mitochondria .
Mol. Biol .
Evol .
21:652–658 .
When a stray bullet from a gang member ’s gun struck 3 - week - old Luis Angel Garcia in the heart and killed him in 2007 , police , politicians and ordinary Angelenos expressed outrage over the infant ’s death .
But they were n’t the only ones .
Members of the Mexican Mafia , the notorious prison - based organization that authorities say controls Latino street gangs , demanded that those responsible be killed , according to an indictment unsealed this week in U.S. District Court in Los Angeles .
The edict , known as a “ green light , ” was aimed at members of the 18th Street gang , who were thought to have killed the baby during a botched attack on a street vendor who ’d refused to pay “ rent ” to conduct business in the gang ’s territory near MacArthur Park .
Advertisement
Hoping to avoid the Mexican Mafia ’s wrath , the 18th Streeters decided to take care of the problem themselves , according to authorities .
In the days after the baby ’s slaying , two gang members lured the shooter to Mexico under the false pretense that he was being hidden from police investigating the murder , the indictment states .
Once there , they attempted to strangle him and left “ him for dead on the side of a road , ” according to prosecutors .
The shooter , identified in court papers as “ unindicted co-conspirator # 1 , ” survived the attack and is now cooperating with prosecutors in their pursuit of his former gang .
Though prosecutors in the U.S. attorney ’s office have declined to comment , most of the account was revealed in a 114 - page indictment unsealed Tuesday .
The document charges about 40 members and associates of the Columbia Lil Cycos -- a clique of the 18th Street gang -- with being involved in a racketeering conspiracy that allegedly involved murder , drug trafficking , money laundering , kidnapping and other crimes .
One murder victim was a 22 - year - old man who was mistaken for a rival gang member , authorities allege .
Also charged in the case was a defense attorney accused of serving as an intermediary between the gang and the Mexican Mafia .
Assistant U.S. Atty .
Brian R. Michael said the charges filed against the gang show that it has broadened its activities by taxing not just drug dealers , but also “ hard - working folks who are barely making ends meet , ” such as the street vendor who was attacked .
Advertisement
That the attack was carried out on a street bustling with shoppers , including women and children , represents “ a level of violence that , even for this gang , is pretty extraordinary , ” Michael said .
Identified in the indictment by his initials -- G.M. -- the gang member cooperating with authorities was charged in state court last year with the baby ’s killing , according to a source close to the case .
That source , who requested anonymity because he was not authorized to speak publicly about the case , said G.M. has been helping both state and federal authorities with their prosecutions of 18th Street gangsters and is being held in protective custody .
Deputy L.A. County Dist .
Atty .
Victor Avila , the lead prosecutor on the murder case in state court , said six defendants are awaiting trial .
Avila declined to comment on whether any plea deals have been offered or accepted .
Advertisement
According to authorities , the gang ’s intended target in the Sept. 15 , 2007 , shooting was Francisco Clemente , a 37 - year - old street vendor who had been refusing to pay the $ 50 weekly “ rent ” that he and others working near the corner of 6th Street and Burlington Avenue were expected to pay gang members .
The alleged shooter , flanked by numerous other gangsters , strode up to Clemente and opened fire at close range , authorities said .
Clemente was struck several times in the chest , but survived .
The baby , who was in a stroller , was hit by a single bullet and died .
The killings of innocent children and women go against Mexican Mafia rules , in part because they often result in intense police activity and disrupt their criminal enterprises , according to authorities .
The source who asked not to be identified said the gangsters who took G.M. to Mexico tried to strangle him with a rope .
When he lost consciousness , they assumed he was dead and rolled him down a steep hillside in a rural area .
Advertisement
When G.M. came to , he contacted family members in Mexico and arranged for them to pick him up , the source said .
He was later found by Los Angeles police detectives at an undisclosed location and surrendered .
--
scott.glover@latimes.com
Why I Became An Atheist : A Former Preacher Rejects Christianity John W. Loftus - ( 2008 ) This book may be unlike any other book you 've ever read .
It is specifically written to devout Christians by a former Christian minister and apologist for their faith who is now an atheist .
It 's also written for Christians who are questioning their faith , as well as for skeptics who want to learn how to effectively argue against Christianity .
Sadly to say , those two latter groups of people will be more likely to read it and gain the most benefit from it .
There are many books that " preach to the hair " in the marketplace , on both sides of this great debate .
Mine is not intended to be one of them .
Because of this , some skeptics may not appreciate why I argue the way I do , but someone has to bridge the gap between us by speaking to Christians in ways they will understand .
( 11 ) Martin Luther called reason " the Devil 's whore , " and as such , reason " can do nothing but slander and harm all that God says and does . "
Luther argued against the magisterial use of reason , in which reason judges the gospel , and approved of the ministerial use of reason , in which reason submits and serves the gospel .
William Lane Craig agrees with this viewpoint and argues , " reason is a tool to help us better understand our faith .
Should faith and reason conflict , it is reason that must submit to faith , not vice versa . " ( 47 ) I 've investigated my faith from the inside as an insider with the presumption that it was true .
Even from an insider 's perspective , I could n't continue to believe .
Now from the outside , it makes no sense at all .
Christians are on the inside .
I am now on the outside .
Christians see things from the inside .
I see things from the outside .
From the inside , it seems true .
From the outside , it seems untrue .
There are many religious faiths from which to choose .
How does one actually choose to be on the " inside " of any of them if from the " outside " none of them have any plausibility ?
Unless one is on the inside as an adherent of a particular religious faith , she can not see .
But from the outside , the adherents of a different faith seem blind .
This reminds me of what Mark Twain said : " The easy confidence with which I know another man 's religion is folly teaches me to suspect that my own is also . "
Believers are truly atheists with regard to all other religions but their own .
Atheists just reject one more religion .
This whole inside / outside perspective is quite a dilemma and prompts me to propose and argue on behalf of the outsider test for religious faith , the result of which makes the presumption of skepticism the preferred stance when approaching any religious faith , especially one 's own .
The outsider test is simply a challenge to test one 's own religious faith with the presumption of skepticism , as an outsider .
Test your beliefs as if you were an outsider to your faith .
An outsider would begin her journey as a disinterested investigator who did n't think the religious faith in question is true since there are so many different religious faiths in the world .
An outsider would be someone who was only interested in which , if any , religious faith is correct and would have no intellectual affiliation with any of them at all .
She would have to assume that her culturally inherited religious faith is probably false .
To be an outsider would mean she would have nothing at stake in the outcome of her investigations , and hence no fear of hell ( however conceived ) while investigating them , beginning with her own .
( 66 -7 ) Surely someone will initially object that this is quite draconian in scope .
Why take such an extreme stance ?
It 's because that 's how religious people approach all of the other religious faiths but their own .
People approach other faiths this way all of the time , so why not do that with one 's own religious faith ?
Why is there this discrepancy in how they evaluate religious faiths ?
For someone to object that what I 'm asking is unfair , she has the burden of proof to show why her inconsistent approach to religious faith is justified in the first place .
By contrast , I can offer good reasons why she should adopt such a skeptical presumption .
Doing so is based upon some hard , cold sociological facts .
The basis for the outsider test challenge can be found in a statement by John Hick : " [ I ] t is evident that in some ninety - nine percent of the cases the religion which an individual professes and to which he or she adheres depends upon the accidents of birth .
Someone born to Buddhist parents in Thailand is very likely to be a Buddhist , someone born to Muslim parents in Saudi Arabia to be a Muslim , someone born to Christian parents in Mexico to be a Christian , and so on . "
Richard Dawkins said the same thing in a much harsher tone : " Out of all of the sects in the world , we notice an uncanny coincidence : the overwhelming majority just happens to choose the one that their parents belong to .
Not the sect that has lest evidence in its favour , the best miracles , the best moral code , the best cathedral , the best stained glass , the best music : when it comes to choosing from the smorgasbord of available religions , their potential virtues seem to count for nothing , compared to the matter of heredity .
This is an unmistakable fact ; nobody could seriously deny it .
Yet people with full knowledge of the arbitrary nature of this heredity , somehow manage to go on believing in their religion , often with such fanaticism that they are prepared to murder people who follow a different one ....
The religion we adopt is a matter of an accident of geography . "
( 67 -8 ) If after having investigated your religious faith with the presumption of skepticism it passes intellectual muster , then you can have your religious faith .
It 's that simple .
If not , abandon it .
Any loving God who requires us to believe correctly , when we have this extremely strong tendency to accept what we were born into , especially if he 'll punish us if we end up being wrong , should surely make the correct religious faith pass the outsider test .
( 71 ) Stating the odds as intelligent design ( ID ) theorists do is highly misleading , since they presume that life must have turned out exactly as it has .
All we are left with is rarity .
But " rarity by itself should n't necessarily be evidence of anything .
When one is dealt a bridge hand of thirteen cards , the probability of being dealt that particular hand is less than one in 600 billion .
Still , it would be absurd for someone to be dealt a hand , examine it carefully , calculate that the probability of getting it is less than one in 600 billion , and then conclude that he must not have been dealt that very hand because it is so very improbable . "
( 92 ) In the Bible we find a strange world .
Karl Barth wrote an essay titled " The Strange World Within the Bible . "
To the question of what lies within the world of the Bible , Barth gives this answer : " Within the Bible , there is a strange , new world , the world of God . "
And it is indeed strange to us todayvery strange .
We find a world where a snake and a donkey talked , where giants lived in the land , where people could live to be nine - hundred - plus years old , where a woman was turned into a pillar of salt , where a pillar of fire could lead people by night , where the sun stopped moving across the sky or could even back up , where an axhead could float on water , where a star could point down to a specific home , where people could instantly speak in unlearned foreign languages , and where someone 's shadow or handkerchief could heal people .
It is a world where a flood could cover the whole earth , and where a man could walk on water , calm a stormy sea , change water into wine , or be swallowed by a " great fish " and live to tell about it .
It is a world populated by demons that could wreak havoc on earth and also make people very sick .
It is a world of idol worship , where human and animal sacrifices pleased God .
In this world we find visions , inspired dreams , prophetic utterances , miracle workers , magicians , diviners , and sorcerers .
It is a world where God lived in the sky ( heaven ) and people who died went to live in the dark recesses of the earth ( Sheol ) .
( 124 ) It 's very interesting to me that Christians will believe in the miracles recorded in the Bible , simply because they are recorded in the Bible , but if I claimed I saw one of these miracles yesterday , they would not believe me .
I dare say that if an evangelical Christian with her present modern mind - set would step back into the ancient world and hear someone tell a tale that a woman turned into a pillar of salt , she would n't believe it unless she saw evidence .
If someone told her a snake or a donkey talked , she would scoff .
But simply because these things are told in the Bible , she believes they happened .
What I want to know is why the Christian maintains a double standard .
Why does she believe the world of the Bible but reject the world of Homer ?
Why does she believe the biblical claims of miracles but would reject similar claims of a miracle today ?
Why does she believe the biblical stories but would reject those stories if she lived in that era ?
Sam Harris makes this point very vivid in these words : '' Tell a devout Christian that his wife is cheating on him , or that frozen yogurt can make a man invisible , and he is likely to require as much evidence as anyone else , and to be persuaded only to the extent that you give it .
Tell him that the book he keeps by his bed was written by an invisible deity who will punish him with fire for eternity if he fails to accept its every incredible claim about the universe , and he seems to require no evidence whatsoever . "
( 125 ) When it comes to child sacrifice , it was actually commanded by God .
In Exodus 22:29 - 30 we read : " You shall not delay to offer from the fullness of your harvest and from the outflow of your presses .
The first - born of your sons you shall give to me .
You shall do likewise with your oxen and with your sheep : seven days it shall be withits dam ; on the eighth day you shall give it to me . "
Later on God admitted he did this in Ezekiel 20:25 - 26 where he purportedly said : " Moreover I gave them statutes that were not good and ordinances by which they could not have life ; and I defiled them through their very gifts in making them offer by fire all their first - born , that I might horrify them ; I did it that they might know that I am the LORD . "
( 136 ) When could the majority of the Pentateuch have been written ?
In 2 Kings 22:8 - 13 , there is an interesting story .
Israel had long been divided into two kingdoms .
Josiah had just come to be king of Judah .
He wanted to repair the temple and told the priest to go through all the stuff and see how much money they had .
While the high priest was looking , he found the " Book of the Law " and gave it to a secretary who read it to Josiah .
When Josiah heard it , he tore his clothes because he realized that they had not been obeying God .
Scholars think that instead of " finding " the Law ( another way of saying the first five books of the Bible ) here , this is when it was actually compiled and / or much of it written .
Most of the Hebrew Bible was actually written at a time in the divided kingdom of Israel when Josiah wanted to control the people he was ruling .
It was written to keep a crumbling kingdom together as a system of control , and it was claimed that Moses wrote it .
It 's also suggested that since Jeremiah 's prophetic ministry took place during Josiah 's reign ( seventh century BCE ) , be may have been the pseudonymous author of a large part of Deuteronomy .
Richard Elliot Friedman tells us the book of Jeremiah " seems to be written , at several points , in the same language and outlook as Deuteronomy .
Parts of Jeremiah are so similar to Deuteronomy that it is hard to believe that they were not written by the same person . "
That 's what scholarship leads us to think .
This may explain why the Bible tells us the Passover meal was not celebrated for hundreds of years before King Josiah 's time .
In 2 Kings 23:21 - 23 , Josiah comnanded the people to celebrate the Passover .
And there we read , " Not since the days of the judges who led Israel , nor throughout the days of the kings of Israel and the kings of Judah , had any such Passover been observed .
But in the eighteenth year of King Josiah , this Passover was celebrated to the Lord in Jerusalem . "
It 's likely that the Passover meal was first celebrated during his reign .
( 168-9 ) When arguing that he knows Christianity is true based on the self - authenticating witness of the Holy Spirit , Craig stands in the steps of some great Christian thinkers like Augustine , Anselm , and even Barth and Bultmann .
According to Wolfart Pannenberg , " the basic presupposition underlying German Protestant theology as expressed by Barth and Bultmann is that the basis of theology is the self - authenticating Word of God which demands obedience . "
Unlike some of these theologians , though , the basis for Craig 's faith is in the inner witness of the Holy Spirit alone , who may use the Bible , evidence , or nothing at all to create faith in the believer .
Does Craig mean to say that he can not be wrong ?
Yes !
He knows Christianity is true .
With this understanding , he has insulated himself from any and all objections to the contrary .
He knows he 's right because he knows he 's right , and that 's the end of the matter .
Since he knows he 's right , Christianity is true .
Mark Smith ( of www.jcnot4me.com) set up the following scenario for Craig : " Dr. Craig , for the sake of argument let 's pretend that a time machine gets built .
You and I hop in it , and travel back to the day before Easter , 33 AD .
We park it outside the tomb of Jesus .
We wait .
Easter morning rolls around , and nothing happens .
We continue to wait .
After several weeks of waiting , still nothing happens .
There is no resurrection Jesus is quietly rotting away in the tomb . "
Smith asked Craig , given this scenario , if he would then give up Christianity , having seen with his own two eyes that Jesus did not rise from the dead .
Smith wrote : " His answer was shocking , and quite unexpected .
He told me , face to face , that he would STILL believe in Jesus , he would STILL believe in the resurrection , and he would STILL remain a Christian .
When asked , in light of his being a personal eyewitness to the fact that there WAS no resurrection , he replied that due to the witness of the ' holy spirit ' within him , he would assume a trick of some sort had been played on him while watching Jesus ' tomb .
This self - induced blindness astounded me . "
If anyone doubts what Craig said in response , Mark challenges him or her to ask him the same question .
At my prompting , Dr. Zachary Moore did just that .
He asked Craig this same question after an invited talk at the First Baptist Church of Colleyville , while Craig was visiting the Dallas - Forth Worth area to record a series of Reasonable Faith podcasts in August 2007 .
Craig clarified his response : " If the question is whether I would be a Christian if Jesus did n't arise from the dead , then the answer to that is obviously ' no . '
But if the question is what would count as evidence , then it would always be open for me to say this is n't the right tomb [ where Jesus was buried ] . "
Moore then asked him if he could think of any evidence that would counter his faith .
Craig answered by saying , " if I were presented with the real tomb of Jesus and his corpse was still there , then I would n't have an inner witness of the Holy Spirit . "
He said the inner witness of the Spirit " trumps all other evidence , " so " for other evidence to overpower it , I would not have had it [ in the first place ] . "
He said , " it 's really an awkward sort of question . "
( 214 ) First , the American Heart Journal did a scientific test of prayer on patients who had heart bypass surgery .
They were separated into three groups .
Group 1 received prayers and did n't know it .
Group 2 received no prayers and did n't know it ( the control group ) .
Group 3 received prayers and did know it .
Groups 1 and 3 were prayed for by different congregations throughout America .
The results were very clear .
There was no difference between the patients who were prayed for and those who were not prayed for .
Moreover , the patients who knew they were being prayed for suffered significantly more complications than those who did not know they were being prayed for .
( 226 ) So let me begin .
I 'll assume for the sake of argument that God exists .
Then why did n't God just create a heavenly world with heavenly bodies in the first place ?
Theists typically believe that a heaven awaits faithful believers when they die , where there will be no " death , or mourning or crying or pain " ( Rev. 21:4 ) , where believers will have incorruptible bodies ( l Cor. 15:30 ff. ) , in a perfect existence .
So why did n't God just create such a perfect existence in the first place ?
If there 's free will in heaven without sin , then God could 've created such a world .
To say God initially did create such a world but that there was an angelic rebellion in it merely places the problem of evil back in time .
How is it possible to be in the direct presence of a being that has absolute goodness and unlimited power and still desire to rebel against him ?
Even if this is possible , why did n't God prevent such a rebellion ?
Pierre Bayle argued : " One might as well compare the Godhead with a father who had let the legs of his children be broken in order to display before an entire city the skill which he has is setting bones ;
One might as well compare the Godhead with a ' monarch who would allow strife and seditions to spring up throughout his kingdom in order to acquire the glory of having put an end to them . "
( 236 ) Evangelical Christian scholars admit that we do not have the very words of Jesus .
( Instead they argue that we have the " voice " of Jesus through the gospel writers . )
Jesus spoke in Aramaic , so his words would have been first translated into Greek .
Since the verbal agreement among the Gospels is very close in the Greek when they relate the same story , these stories were already in Greek before they reached the gospel writers .
So again , what exactly are the words we should use when saying the Lord 's Prayer ?
( 311 - 12 ) Uta Ranke - Heinemann tells us , " If we wish to continue seeing Luke 's accounts of angelic messages and so forth , as historical events , we'd have to take a large leap of faith :
We 'd have to assume that while on verifiable matters of historical fact Luke tells all sorts of fairy tales ( just mentioned above ) but on supernatural matters which by definition can never be checked he simply reports tbe facts .
By his arbitrary treatment of history , Luke has shown himself to be an unhistorical reporter a teller of fairy tales . "
( 322 ) According to David L. Edwards : " Paul 's surviving letters do not refer to the virgin birth .
Mark 's gospel also does not mention this miracle .
John 's gospel is also silent about a miraculous conception , except that all Christians are ' born ' not through sex but ' of God ' ( 1:13 ) ....
Herod 's massacre of ' all the boys in Bethlehem ...' is not mentioned in the indignantly careful list of Herod 's atrocities given by the Jewish historian , Josephus .
But it is suspiciously like the story of Pharaoh 's massacre of Hebrew boys in Exodus 1:22 .
In Luke 's narrative the characters , sayings and experiences of John the Baptist 's parents ( 1:5 - 25 ; 57-80 ) are suspiciously like those of Abraham and Sarah in the book of Genesis , and Mary 's song ( 1:46 - 55 ) resembles the Song of Hannah ( l Sam. 2:1-10 ) . " ( 322 -3 ) Robert W. Funk summarizes the four stages of Christology in the New Testament : Stage one : Exaltation Christology .
This is an evaluation of Jesus that " assigns him the role of a son of Adam at his death and resurrection ....
In this view , Jesus became , or was elevated to , a son of God by virtue of his resurrection " ( Rom. 1:3-4 ; Acts 2:36 ) .
Stage two : Adoptionistic Christology .
" The first stage of Christology did not require the creation of a gospel because the words and deeds of Jesus were not essential to his function ; the real role of Jesus was to return as the messiah in the very near future .
When he did not return immediately as expected , his followers began to review what they remembered of him and decided that his life , after all , had exhibited some unusual traits .
Now they started to fashion another version of his story in which he was designated son of God , not at his resurrection but at his baptism " ( Mark 1:10 - 11 ) .
Stage three : " The next step came with the gospels of Matthew and Luke , and these gospels ' moved the messianic status of Jesus back to his birth . '
If there was someone who had a noteworthy life , he must have had a noteworthy birth .
If a hero is human , as in the case of John the Baptist , the miracle is that of a barren woman ....
If the hero is considered superhuman , as in the case of Hercules and Alexander , the male parent is a god . "
Stage four : '' The gospel of John 's prologue ( 1:1 - 18 ) makes Jesus pre-existent from the beginning . "
( 334 ) Third , did Jesus really suffer an infinite punishment for our sins ?
If Jesus was merely being punished for all of the wrongdoing of every person who ever lived on earth based on human standards of punishment and not infinite standards , we 'd still have to ask whether he was punished enough .
After all , if every person who ever lived deserved to be slapped in the face just one time , then the equivalent of sixty billion slaps would surely amount to more punishment than Jesus physically endured .
But if it 's true to say that each and every one of us deserved an infinite punishment for our sins , then how much less is it true to say Jesus suffered infinitely for each one of us ?
More to the point , if we were given a choice to suffer as Jesus did or else be cast in hell for eternity ( which would be our infinite punishment ) , we would all choose to suffer as Jesus did .
Jesus did n't suffer forever , nor did he stay dead .
But it is said that Jesus endured more than just physical pain .
He also endured the pain of being separated from God .
How can we make sense of this claim ?
If it 's merely a metaphor for the mental pain of not sensing God 's help when we need it , then we have all felt that pain throughout our lives .
Otherwise , it must somehow mean Jesus ceased to be God while on the cross .
However , Christians cannot believe that .
Because if Jesus in fact ceased to be God , then since Christians believe a triune God exists , that means God also ceased to exist when Jesus ceased to be God. ( 346 )
If the cross was needed to pay the punishment for my sins , then how can God really be a forgiving God ?
Forgiveness does n't require punishment .
To put it bluntly , if I can't forgive you for striking me on the chin until I return the blow back to you , or to someone else , then that 's not forgiveness that 's retaliation , or sweet revenge !
Revenge is never an ethical motive for action , even if we are led to take revenge on others sometimes .
John
Hick again : " A forgiveness that has to be bought by the bearing of a just punishment ... is not forgiveness , but merely an acknowledgment that the debt has been paid in full . "
( 347 ) In a sermon delivered by Tom Smith , pastor of the Presbyterian Chapel of the Lakes , in Angola , Indiana , he said , " For some strange reason God believed the cross was necessary for our salvation . "
See him struggle with this ?
There must be a reason why Jesus died on the cross .
But what is it ?
( 348 ) Even if " a benefit solely to God were possible and required , " Hick argues , that " a perfect human life would constitute it is , surely , illogical . "
For a perfect human life is already owed to God by all of us , according to Swinburne , and " therefore could not constitute a reparation - plus - penance for not having lived a perfect life in the past . "
How can one single perfect human being make up for the sinful lives of every person when God purportedly demands that every person live a perfect life in the first place ?
A perfect life in Jesus does n't give to God anything above what he already demands from every person .
( 349 ) The original ending of Mark is inconclusive .
No one had seen Jesus , and the women said nothing about what they had seen .
No wonder later Christians wanted to write out the further details and add more verses to Mark 's gospel .
But why Mark ends it this way is a subject for debate .
It could be to explain why the story of the empty tomb did not exist before Mark 's gospel .
The reason was because the women " said nothing to anyone . "
So in his gospel Mark is purportedly telling " their story " for the first time .
According to Peter Kirby : " If the story had been known far and wide , from the beginning of Christianity , ending with the women conveying their message , I would suggest that the author of Mark would not have received it in the form he tells it .
For that reason , the story is probably of recent origin in the Gospel of Mark . "
( 366 ) There is also the intriguing notion presented by Richard Carrier that " Arimathea " can be translated as " Best Disciple Town . "
Taken together with Mark 's penchant for literary motifs , and the lack of a distinct town , it causes me to believe Mark was doing yet another play on words .
The twelve disciples had abandoned Jesus , and now an unknown person , who was from " Best Disciple Town , " was the one who stayed with Jesus to the end .
The Last Disciple of Christ would have been the title of his bibliography .
In fact , if the Creation and Exodus accounts in the Old Testament are mythic parabolic stories , then the Bible contains several literary figures with places of residence who never existed , like Adam and Eve , Cain and Abel , Enoch , Noah , Moses , and Joshua . ( 370 -1 ) In the Old Testament , Satan is seen as a servant of God. Walter Wink tells us , " The original faith of Israel actually had no place for Satan .
God alone was Lord , and thus whatever happened , for good or ill , was ascribed to God .
' I kill and I make alive , ' says the Lord , ' I wound and I heal ' ( Deut .
32:39 ; Isa. 45:6-7 ; 1 Sam. 2:6-7 ) .
It was not inconsistent , on the one hand , to believe that God might call Moses to deliver Israel from Egypt , and on the other hand , for God to want to murder him on the way ( Exod. 4:24 - 26 ) .
When Pharaoh resisted Moses it was not ascribed to his free will , but to God 's hardening of his heart ( Exod .
4:21 ; 7:3 ; 9:12 ; 10:1 , 20 , 27 ; 1:10 ; 14:4 , 8 , 17 ; Josh . 11:20 , etc. ) .
Likewise , it is God who sent an evil spirit on Saul ( 1 Sam. 16:14 - 16 , 23 ) , and it was God who sent a lying spirit to enter the mouths of the four hundred prophets of Ahab ( 1 Kings 22:22 ; see 2 Sam. 17:14 ) . "
Walter Wink continues : " One possible translation of ' Yaweh , ' God 's name , is ' He causes to happen what happens . '
If , then , God has caused everything that happens , God must also cause evil .
But God was also the God of justice ( Gen. 18:25 ) .
So how could God be just and still be the one to cause evil ?
This was the terrible price Israel had been forced to pay for its belief that God was the primary cause of all that happens .
Gradually God became differentiated into a ' light ' and a ' dark ' side , both integral to the Godhead .
The bright side came to be represented by the angels , the dark side by Satan and his demons . "
There are four important instances in the Old Testament where the word " Satan " is mentioned to describe a celestial being or his work .
" In Numbers 22:22 - 32 we see a clear instance where the word satan describes a celestial being who is not in any way doing anything wrong ( as " an adversary " ) .
This being is described as the ' Angel of Yahweh ' and is sent by God to be a satan to Balaam .
The angel blocks Balaam 's path so that his donkey may not pass on by .
Then the angel rebukes Balaam . "
In Job 1 - 2 , Satan cannot be an evil being if he is a fully accepted member of the heavenly court , one of the " sons of God . "
" Satan 's role here is somewhat like an overzealous district attorney , where in his zeal to uncover injustice steps over the edge into entrapment .
In all of this Satan manifests no power independent of God , and there is no condemnation of him by God. . . .
There is nothing in the context to indicate that the angel is evil . "
In 2 Samuel 24:1 an angry God incites King David to carry out a wrongful census .
But in 1 Chronicles 21:1 , which is a post - Babylonian captivity revision of Samuel and Kings , it is now revised to read that " Satan " ( used here for the first time as a proper name ) is blamed as the one who incited David to carry out the census .
Of course , if God indeed used Satan to accomplish his purposes here , then why not just do it himself ?
Such a relationship seems contrived .
In Zechariah 3:1 - 5 , Satan is seen in the role of prosecuting attorney who brings a valid accusation against Joshua , which God rejects because of his mercy .
( 383 -4 ) Heaven is described as first - century people would picture perfect bliss .
Before the use of gunpowder , thick walls surrounded ancient cities for protection , with sturdy gates .
In Revelation ( chapter 21 ) heaven is described as the most safe and beautiful city ever , even though there can be no use for walls in heaven .
Every conceivable precious stone was used in the heavenly city , except the diamond because it was too difficult to cut and polish back then .
Platinum was unknown until the sixteenth century , so it 's not in the heavenly city either .
Since pearls were known in antiquity and were extremely important adornments , the heavenly city gates were made from one single pearl .
When people worked from dawn to dusk simply to feed themselves , a heavenly rest ( Hebrews 3 - 4 ) beginning with a sumptuous feast ( Rev. 19:6 - 9 ) was the perfect picture of heaven to laborers in Jesus ' day .
To people who lived in one - room dark houses , heaven could best be described as filled with light and space ( John 14:2 ; Rev. 21:10 - 27 ) .
When only kings could wear a few trinkets of gold , heaven could best be described as having " streets of gold " ( Rev. 22:1 - 3 ) .
( 387 -8 ) Conservative Christians and I reject all other religions .
I simply reject their Christian religion with the same confidence they have when rejecting these other religions .
( 403 )
I was so focused on the iPhone 3GS and Snow Leopard announcements from this year ’s WWDC that I almost missed the gravity of the MacBook Pro announcements .
Apple announced price drops on nearly all of its laptops .
The new lineup looks like this :
MacBook MacBook Pro 13 - inch MacBook Pro 15 - inch MacBook Pro 17 - inch CPU Core 2 Duo 2.13 GHz Core 2 Duo 2.26 GHz Core 2 Duo 2.53 GHz Core 2 Duo 2.8GHz GPU NVIDIA GeForce 9400M NVIDIA GeForce 9400M NVIDIA GeForce 9400M NVIDIA GeForce 9400 M + 9600 M Memory 2GB DDR2 2GB DDR3 4GB DDR3 4GB DDR3 HDD 160 GB 160 GB 250 GB 500GB Battery Life Up to 5 hours
Up to 7 hours Up to 7 hours Up to 8 hours Price $ 999 $ 1199 $ 1699 $ 2499
If you want an all aluminum body , you have to buy a MacBook Pro .
There ’s only a single MacBook model and it ’s the white chassis that ’s been around for a while now .
Apple added a 13 ” MacBook
Pro to the lineup to fill in the gap , although it ’s not clear to me whether this 13 ” MacBook Pro uses the same LCD panel as the old 13 ” aluminum MacBook or a derivative of the 15 ” MacBook Pro ’s panel , which is superior .
Of course there are different models within each one of these categories that you can purchase , but they are irrelevant to the discussion we ’re about to have .
Look at the battery life row in the table above ; Apple is claiming up to 7 hours of battery on the new MacBook Pros .
The old specs used to be up to 5 hours .
Apple did some clever work on its own here .
Standard lithium ion batteries are made up of cylindrical cells , similar to AA batteries .
The problem with these batteries is that they waste a lot of space within a notebook ( try cramming a lot of cylinders into a box , you end up with wasted space ) .
This wasted space translates into larger batteries than are necessary , which makes for larger notebooks .
In order to continue to drive laptop thinness down , Apple started experimenting with using custom lithium polymer batteries instead of the industry standard lithium ion parts .
Lithium polymer cells are n’t made of cylindrical cells ( they ’re rectangular ) , so there ’s no wasted space .
Not only does this make the batteries more compact , but it also gives you greater capacity since you ’re using all available chassis volume for the battery .
Makes sense .
Courtesy , Apple .
Apple also found that it was wasting space in the removable enclosure for the batteries as well , so its lithium polymer offerings are no longer user removable .
I suspect this part of the equation has more to do with cutting costs than saving space though .
Apple first used this lithium polymer battery technology in its MacBook Air .
It gave Apple a very thin battery that allowed it to create the MacBook Air ’s sweet form factor .
Then came the new 17 ” MacBook Pro , without a removable battery .
Apple claimed that this battery would last for five years before it needed replacing and resulted in up to an 8 hour battery life .
The extended life is supposedly due to an on - battery sensor that communicates with the system 's management controller that can dynamically sense the needs of each lithium polymer cell and feed that info back to the charging circuitry .
The result is slight variations in charging current designed to optimally charge each and every cell ; apparently reducing wasted charge cycles significantly .
Apple claims that most cells will hit 80 % of their life after 200 - 300 charge cycles , but its special lithium polymer batteries will hit the 80 % mark after as many as 1000 charge cycles .
Apple claims its unique battery chemistry and microprocessor managed charging ( Adaptive Charging ) is responsible for these gains but it ’s a difficult statement to prove ; we ’ll have to wait and see what happens after a few years of use .
Downloads
2331 total ( 5 in the last 30 days )
Annotations :
1 ) There are in fact only two parties seeking war with Iran : Israel and the USA .
Israel usually lets the USA finance and execute the heavy lifting .
Scott Ritter wrote in 2005 : " The US War with Iran has Already Begun "
http://thetruthseeker.co.uk/article.asp?ID=3245
" The most visible of these is the CIA - backed actions recently undertaken by the Mujahadeen el - Khalq , or MEK , an Iranian opposition group , once run by Saddam Hussein 's dreaded intelligence services , but now working exclusively for the CIA 's Directorate of Operations . [...]
But the CIA - backed campaign of MEK terror bombings in Iran are not the only action ongoing against Iran . [...]
To the north , in neighbouring Azerbaijan , the US military is preparing a base of operations for a massive military presence that will foretell a major land - based campaign designed to capture Tehran . "
" The ethnic links between the Azeri of northern Iran and Azerbaijan were long exploited by the Soviet Union during the Cold War , and this vehicle for internal manipulation has been seized upon by CIA paramilitary operatives and US Special Operations units who are training with Azerbaijan forces to form special units capable of operating inside Iran for the purpose of intelligence gathering , direct action , and mobilising indigenous opposition to the Mullahs in Tehran . "
Mir Hossein Mousavi , the losing contender , is an Azeri from Azerbaijan province .
back to top
2 ) Private people running
Tor exit nodes are at a high risk to get raided by police :
The father of a family reports his traumatic experience from a raid suspecting him of child pornography here :
spyblog.org.uk/blog/2009/03/passion-and-dalliance-blog-why-you-need-balls-of-steel-to-operate-a-tor-exit-nod.html
Alexander Janssen , a German operator of a Tor exit server , was arrested by the German police who checked out his entire house and seized his equipment during an investigation of bomb threats considered to have passed through an Internet protocol address that was under his control .
http://www.edri.org/edrigram/number5.18/tor-germany
It looks like government spy agencies are heavily involved with Tor , which may explain why running a Tor exit node is only safe for secret service agents , as Dan Egerstad , a Swedish hacker , found out when he gained access to hundreds of computer network accounts around the world , belonging to various embassies , corporations and other organizations :
http://www.metafilter.com/67162/Amazing-discoveries-in-plaintext-Tor-exit-traffic back to article
3 ) Peer to peer ( p2p ) file sharing protocols have been developed to allow users to share files relatively anonymously amongst each other .
P2P was often in the crosshairs of the music , film and software industry who called exchanging copies of files " piracy " , alledging that this infringes on their exclusive copyright .
File sharing through the internet however became so popular , that persecution and fining of individual users proved mostly futile and very damaging to the reputation and business of the industry .
The most populare file sharing protocol is bittorrent , accounting for a large part of overall internet traffic .
It is typically used by using a search engine to find a " .torrent " file containing the details of how to share a specific film .
Because those torrent files are usually found on torrent tracker sites like ThePiratebay , those centralised servers have often been shut down by law enforcement .
The Piratebay suffered this once , but was operating again within days , moving practically a whole datacenter from Sweden to different countries .
Because of the persecution of P2P , alternative serverless protocols have been developed , like Kademlia using Emule .
Kademlia has some 3 million users sharing libraries of typically several hundred files each .
These virtual libraries prove important in the distribution of censored and banned documents and documentaries exposing corruption and high level conspiracies .
back to top
A new report on how the United States should " resist and deter " Iran ’s alleged ambitions to acquire a nuclear - weapons capability by a think tank closely tied to the so - called " Israel Lobby " has been endorsed by two key officials who are expected to exercise major influence on Iran policy in the administration of U.S. President Barack Obama .
The 10 - page report , which was released here Wednesday by the Washington Institute for Near East Policy ( WINEP ) , argues that the United States should engage with Iran diplomatically but at the same time ratchet up pressure on many other fronts if it fails to heed demands to suspend and eventually abandon its uranium enrichment program .
Among the carrots Washington should be prepared to offer Tehran for that goal are cooperation on " shared problems , such as piracy and smuggling in the Persian Gulf , " and " participation in a regional security dialogue , " according to the report .
At the same time , however , the report stressed that failure to stop Iran ’s nuclear progress may well result in a decision by Israel to carry out a military attack within the next two years .
Such a decision , it warned , could be hastened if Russia goes through with the sale and delivery of sophisticated S - 300 surface - to - air missile systems which " are seen by Israel as seriously limiting its military options . "
" Whatever Americans may think , Israeli leaders seem convinced that at least for now , they have a military option , " the report asserts , adding that if Tehran deploys such systems , Washington " should promptly provide Israel with the capabilities to continue to threaten high - value Iranian targets  for instance , with more modern aircraft . "
" Time is short if diplomatic engagement is to have a chance of success , " it asserts .
The new report , which comes amid a major administration review of U.S. policy toward Iran , is likely to be very closely read in European and Middle Eastern capitals due to its endorsement by Dennis Ross , who serves as Special Adviser on the Gulf and Southwest Asia to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , and Robert Einhorn , the senior State Department official on non-proliferation matters .
While both men resigned from the 17 - member task force that helped draft the report after they were asked to join Obama ’s presidential transition team , WINEP stressed that they had formally endorsed an early draft which was not substantially different from the final product .
Other members of the task force , which was convened by WINEP ’s director , Robert Satloff , and its deputy director of research , Patrick Clawson , included a number of prominent neo-conservatives , such as Danielle Pletka of the American Enterprise Institute ( AEI ) , and some who served in senior posts under President George W. Bush , including former under secretary of state for arms control and international security , Robert Joseph ; his immediate subordinate , Stephen Rademaker ; and the former chairman of the Defense Science Board , William Schneider .
Rep. Gary Ackerman , a liberal Democrat who heads the House Subcommittee in the Middle East and South Asia , and Democratic Sen .
Evan Bayh , a member of the Senate Intelligence and Armed Services committees who has been a reliable supporter of the " Israel Lobby , " also signed on to the report .
Ross ’s endorsement , however , is particularly notable .
While the State Department has been vague about what his precise responsibilities will be , it is understood that he is responsible for developing a diplomatic strategy for dealing with Iran , particularly in how to marshal regional and international pressure on Tehran in support of Washingtons positions .
Ross is expected to coordinate with Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs William Burns , and Puneet Talwar , who has the Iran portfolio on the National Security Council .
Both Burns and Talwar are considered less hawkish on Iran than Ross , former President Bill Clintons top Middle East negotiator who himself has held senior positions in WINEP and who last September signed on to another report by the Bipartisan Policy Center drafted by hard - line neo-conservatives .
Among other things , that report called for Washington to be prepared to launch military strikes against Iran ’s nuclear facilities and conventional military infrastructure if Tehran did not accede to demands that it abandon its nuclear program .
WINEP , which was founded some 25 years ago as a spin - off of the powerful American Israel Public Affairs Committee ( AIPAC ) , is one of Washingtons most influential think tanks on Middle East policy , although , like AIPAC itself , its views and perspectives rarely deviate far from those of the Israeli government or national - security establishment .
Indeed , the major message of the latest report is that Irans acquisition of a military nuclear capability , the prevention of which is characterized as a " vital national priority " for the U.S. , would set off a " cascade of destabilizing reactions by other states , " which , it argues , would seek to emulate Tehrans achievement , thus weakening the global nuclear non-proliferation regime and increasing the risks of " … a nuclear confrontation , with horrible consequences . "
Yet the report omits any mention of the universally accepted view  accidentally confirmed by Prime Minister Ehud Olmert in a December 2006 interview  that Israel already has nuclear weapons which may have had destabilizing consequences of their own .
The report , which coincided with Secretary of State Clintons first Middle East trip during which she reportedly expressed skepticism about the likelihood that diplomatic engagement with Iran would succeed but also invited Tehran to a conference on Afghanistan at the end of this month , offers a number of hints for how Ross hopes to carry out his diplomatic strategy .
It stresses that any offer on the nuclear issue should come from the Permanent Five Security Council members plus Germany  the group that has negotiated with Iran over its nuclear program to date  " not from the United States alone . "
" Arab countries , Turkey , and Israel " must also be involved so as to assure a unified voice .
It also emphasizes that any deal should not permit Tehran to enrich uranium on Iranian territory , arguing that such a precedent would itself contribute to proliferation .
Moreover , " the international community … should not foster debate among its members about what a compromise ( on enrichment ) acceptable to Iran might be . "
The report calls for a policy of " resist and deter " rather than " acquiesce and deter . "
Instead , Washington should " respond to Iranian worries about ensuring access to fuel for its civilian nuclear power plant " by following through on its " announced intention to bring to fruition the international nuclear fuel bank [ and ] … on the U.S. commitment to negotiate a fissile material cutoff treaty . "
While it does not raise the possibility of gaining Russian support for U.S. efforts by offering to cancel Washingtons deployment of missile - defense systems to Poland and the Czech Republic  a deal that was reportedly alluded to in a letter from Obama to Russian President Dmitri Medvedev last month  it suggests that China could be brought along through pressure from " the Gulf states  especially Saudi Arabia " due to Beijing s dependence on their " export markets and energy supplies . "
The U.S. should also consider offering a " nuclear guarantee ( or umbrella ) " to its allies in the region as part of a deterrence strategy and should , in any case , build up their defensive capabilities if Iran persists in its nuclear program .
In such a case , the report also calls for a rapid buildup in economic sanctions , including efforts to discourage countries and companies from building oil refineries in Iran or exporting refined petroleum products to the country .
Inter Press Service
Photo gallery :
Wife carrying competitions around the world : CLICK HERE
Irish men will find cathartic release this summer by throwing the missus over the back and jumping over a few fences against other intensely motivated males .
It ’s all happening in Sneem County Kerry on July 25 when the Paddy Power second annual Irish Wife Carrying Championship takes place .
The race takes place over a course just over 250 meters long , with two dry obstacles and one wet one - three temptations for those husbands who might care to drop some baggage along the way .
The only equipment husbands can carry on the trip is a belt – seriously .
Not only is the dear wife trusting her husband to ferry her around safely but the only thing he has to turn back on if things go bad is a belt – that just does n’t sound good !
According to the rules , the missus must be over 18 and weight at least 107.8 pounds .
Like any good race , wifey waifs that come in under this weight will have a loaded rucksack attached to their stead , or man , to make up the handicap .
Also , you do n’t have to carry your own wife , and technically participants do n't even have to be tied together in matrimony !
Therefore , if you have a fat wife , you can just knock on the neighbor ’s door and ask to borrow his skinnier half for a race .
Paddy Power said they were delighted to be involved .
“ We are absolutely thrilled to be sponsoring the Wife Carrying Championship which is a very welcome addition to our portfolio of sponsorships .
Some bookies like to sponsor horse races but we tend to be more drawn to Fr Ted Festivals , Strip Poker Tournaments and now Wife Carrying .
Maybe one day we ’ll finally grow up but hopefully that day wo n’t be anytime soon ! "
The sport originated in Finland , and the winner of the Irish championship will progress to the World Championships in 2010 .
Good luck men , carry your cargo safely !
With Africa suffering famines , people considered the McAfrica tasteless .
iStockPhoto
In its efforts to cater to people with expanding cultural palates in the U.S. , and to appeal to an international audience , McDonald 's has released some themed sandwiches throughout the world .
Take the McArabia -- a flatbread sandwich with chicken , salad and garlic sauce -- released in Arab countries and in Egypt to help stop a boycott of American products in respon­se to the Iraq War [ source : Reuters ] .
But the company made a major faux pas with a different sandwich .
This one was released in Norway in 2002 and called the McAfrica .
It consisted of beef and veggies in pita bread .
It was n't that it tasted bad -- but it was in bad taste , according to critics .
That 's because McDonald 's happened to release this sandwich at a time when massive famine was occurring in Africa .
The irony was too glaring for people to ignore .
After being attacked as insensitive , the company agreed to roll back on its plans for the sandwich and kept donation boxes for hunger - relief charities at the restaurants that did offer it .
More HowStuffWorks Lists
Sources
Berss , Marcia .
" Empty Tables . " Forbes .
Dec. 6 , 1993 .
Vol. 152 , Issue 13 .
p232-235 .
Collins , Glenn .
" Chief of McDonalds Defends Arch Deluxe to Franchisees . "
The New York Times .
Sept. 19 , 1996 . [ Oct. 10 , 2008 ]
http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9A06E3D81E3AF93AA2575AC
0A960958260
Collins , Glenn .
" Low - Fat Food : Feeding Frenzy For Marketers . "
The New York Times .
September 27 , 1995 . [ Oct. 10 , 2008 ]
http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?sec=health&res=990CE1D61F3DF934
A1575AC0A963958260
Kidd , Kenneth , Karlene Nation .
" Burger business turns tough Fast - food sales lose their sizzle . "
The Globe and Mail ( Canada ) .
Aug. 26 , 1991 .
McCullough , Jillyn .
" Lean sales for McDonald 's low - fat burger . "
USA Today .
March , 10 , 1993 .
Reuters , " McDonald 's bid for peace comes with chicken : Hopes McArabia sandwich will quell anti-U.S.- fury . "
National Post ( Canada ) .
Aug. 8 , 2003 .
­ Riley , Karen .
" McDonald 's lightens its menu in a new drive to fatten profits . "
The Washington Times .
July 4 , 1991 .
SAN FRANCISCO 
The vast $ 320 million desalination plant approved this week by San Diego ’s regional water authorities is likely to serve as a test case for whether such a large project can meet its goals while safeguarding its Pacific environment .
The plant , to be built near Carlsbad , north of San Diego , will be the first large - scale desalination operation on the West Coast and the largest in the hemisphere .
“ If they build it well and it operates well and the price is right , we will see more , ” said Peter Gleick , the cofounder and president of the Pacific Institute in Oakland , Calif .
“ I think there ’s going to be some hesitancy to really expand desalination until this plant is up and running , ” he added .
“ There ’s going to be hesitancy on the part of everyone  regulators , water agencies and municipalities . ”
Other ambitious desalination projects are being considered along the California coast , from Marin County just north of San Francisco to Santa Cruz , Monterey , Long Beach and Huntington Beach .
Cities , water companies and environmentalists are likely to scrutinize how the plant near Carlsbad performs financially and technically and weigh its environmental impact .
This is a scanning tunneling microscope image of the 2 - atom thick lead film .
The inset is a zoomed view showing the atomic structure .
Credit : Dr. Ken Shih , The University of Texas at Austin
A superconducting sheet of lead only two atoms thick , the thinnest superconducting metal layer ever created , has been developed by physicists at The University of Texas at Austin .
Dr. Ken Shih and colleagues report the properties of their superconducting film in the June 5 issue of Science .
Superconductors are unique because they can maintain an electrical current indefinitely with no power source .
They are used in MRI machines , particle accelerators , quantum interference devices and other applications .
The development of the thin superconducting sheets of lead lays the groundwork for future advancements in superconductor technologies .
" To be able to control this material — to shape it into new geometries — and explore what happens is very exciting , " says Shih , the Jane and Roland Blumberg Professor in Physics .
" My hope is that this superconductive surface will enable one to build devices and study new properties of superconductivity . "
In superconductors , electrons move through the material together in pairs , called Cooper pairs .
One of the innovative properties of Shih 's ultra - thin lead is that it confines the electrons to move in two dimensions , or one " quantum channel , " like ballroom dancers gliding across the floor .
Uniquely , the lead remains a good superconductor despite the constrained movement of the electrons through the metal .
Shih and his colleagues used advanced materials synthesis techniques to lay the two - atom thick sheet of lead atop a thin silicon surface .
The lead sheets are highly uniform with no impurities .
" We can make this film , and it has perfect crystalline structure — more perfect than most thin films made of other materials , " Shih says .
Source : University of Texas at Austin ( news : web )
Explore further UBC physicists develop ' impossible ' technique to study and develop superconductors
by David Broder
For many mainstream commentators , the clashes following the coup against soft - left Honduran president Manuel Zelaya fit into the usual analysis of a continent - wide battle between pro-US conservative parties and a radical “ pink tide ” .
It is indeed striking how prominently supporters of the Honduran military coup allege interference in the country by Venezuelan leader Hugo Chávez , a theme also particularly commonplace in the political discourse of the right in Nicaragua , Ecuador and Bolivia .
The Times [ 1 ] this week approvingly quoted one observer to the effect that “ Chávism versus anti-Chávism is a new version of Communism versus anti-Communism ” .
However , while the Venezuelan president is evidently an influential and controversial figure and the focus of much attention , we must go beyond the typical media epithets about his personality – ‘ firebrand ’ , ‘ outspoken ’ , and so on – and ask : what dynamics and social forces do these conflicts represent ?
Why has Chávism and anti-Chávism generalized across Latin America , how irreconcilable are the divisions , and to what extent are these questions of anti-imperialism and class struggle ?
To understand what is taking place , it is important to contextualize the supposed “ pink tide ” led by Chávez in the history of Latin America , and in particular the continent ’s many examples of ‘ populist ’ governments with supposedly ‘ anti- imperialist ’ and statist agendas .
This article looks in particular at the case of the ‘ Revolutionary Government of the Armed Forces ’ , which governed Peru from 1968 to 1975 .
Peru ’s Revolutionary Government
The Peruvian colonels came to power amidst a period of significant change in US imperialism [ 2 ] ’s relationship to Latin American countries , almost all of whom had won their independence from Spain ( in Brazil ’s case , Portugal ) in the 1810s - 20s .
Broadly speaking , the traditional relationship of foreign capital to the continent had been one of “ enclaves ” of imperialist control of enterprises autonomous from the local ruling class , focused on extracting primary resources such as in the agricultural , mining and oil sectors and based on steeply unequal balance of trade .
The 1960s industrialization process demanded state machines play an increasingly important role in building infrastructure and laying the foundations for ‘ modernisation ’ , with US imperialism changing its mechanisms of domination from simple resource - plundering to more complex integration with ‘ local ’ ruling classes ’ development projects and efforts to become ‘ equal partners ’ rather than simply subordinate agents of US policy .
Although not identical , to a certain degree some of the same realignments are being attempted today ( where the primary development is certain states ’ backtracking from the full - on IMF - backed neo-liberal reforms which characterized the 1990s ) .
The Peruvian economy was a typical example of this developmentalist dynamic , while the 1968 coup d’état in Lima against centrist president Fernando Belaúnde and the end of civilian rule also ensured the ‘ Revolutionary Government ’s ’ credentials as one of the military juntas presiding across most of the continent .
However , the manner in which the Peruvian colonels – led by President General Juan Velasco Alvarado – went about reforming the economy and their relationship with US imperialism , as well as how they presented their actions and how they were received by the left and workers ’ movement , is what makes Peru a particularly interesting case study from today ’s standpoint .
After its 1968 seizure of power the new régime took sweeping measures to reorganize the economy in its so - called Peruvianisation programme : the ‘ revolution ’ was to be both anti-capitalist and non-communist but would build a ‘ nationalist ’ , ‘ humanist ’ and ‘ communitarian ’ social order .
The régime was not afraid to violate the rights to private property even of multinationals , for example the military occupation of the La Brea and Pariñas installations of the International Petroleum Company ( a subsidiary of Standard Oil ) and the expulsion of the company from the country without compensation ; and the expropriation of the British - owned sugar cane plantations of WR Grace & Co. .
An April 1970 speech by the president outlined terms whereby all multinational investments would have to proceed via contracts with the Revolutionary Government under strict terms .
Contracts would last for a fifteen to twenty - year period , with foreign capital typically limited to 30 % of investment in an enterprise and the state taking the bulk of control ( less so in the case of supplementary private domestic investment ) and then winning full ownership of the company upon the expiry of the contract .
Co-management and ‘ Industrial Committees ’
Moreover , any workplace with six or more employees ( or smaller firms with an annual gross income of at least one million soles ) was governed by a corporatist Industrial Committee ( IC ) whereby all of the personnel – whether managers or employees – were represented on boards in a co-management system .
In such cases a full 50 % of stock in the firm would be made available to the workforce to buy , each of them as individual shareholders .
The IC system also forced companies to reinvest profits ( the first 15 % tax free ) , and as with the restrictions on the major landowners , the state sought to force the pace of development by promoting new industries and technological innovation as against the rather more lethargic traditional oligarchic families .
Furthermore , since such a ‘ nationalist ’ system of redistributing ownership supposedly tended to the abolition of classes , workers now became ‘ owners ’ in their ‘ co - operatives ’ , with the spin that the shares allocated to each ‘ worker ’ ( including management ) were tied to their existing salaries .
State interventionism coupled with these elements of ‘ workers ’ participation ’ in management had the clear objective of co-opting the labour movement into the heart of the capitalist apparatus and to muzzle the working class by tying them in to responsibility for profitability .
For that very reason , the flip side of ‘ co- management ’ and the ICs was repression : while the trade union leaderships welcomed the ICs , as did the Peruvian Communist Party , in the agro- industrial co-operatives the unions were abolished and collective bargaining outlawed .
There was supposedly no need for workers to organise to defend themselves from their employer , when they themselves were among the ‘ co- managers ’ .
The result was that despite sustained high growth rates the state in fact pressured wages downwards relative to inflation – this at the same time as Velasco was denouncing imperialism “ sucking money out of our country ” , as Quijano explained in 1971 [ 3 ] :
“ The workers of Talara did not get the 25 percent wage increase they demanded and were obliged to accept the mere 12 percent proposed by [ state energy controller ] PETROPERU , with no pay for days not worked .
The workers in factories which closed down did not win any of their demands .
The mining workers , too , got only the increases offered by the imperialist Toquepala , Cerro de Pasco , and Marcona companies , and other smaller ones .
In all these cases of demands for higher wages the regime argues that the cost of living went up only 5.6 percent in 1970 and that wage increases above this percentage are not justified .
It should be remembered , however , that this 5.6 percent comes on top of the rise in the cost of living between 1967 and 1969 , and that workers have had their wages practically frozen during all these years , since the only wage increase allowed during this period was a 1969 increase of 10 percent over the 1966 level . ”
The workers supposedly represented on ICs and in control thanks to their co-operative status proved to have little opportunity to use such channels to assert their interests , since effectively they operated similarly to any company reacting to market imperatives and with traditional capitalist hierarchy in the workplace and wage differentials kept in force .
Such participation and taking responsibility for someone else ’s profits is much unlike workers ’ control , whereby workers are able to veto management decisions by asserting their strength on the shop - floor , and still less akin to workers ’ self - management , when individual workplaces and communities are run collectively with no state apparatus , market relations or managers .
The Peruvian experience made clear that the state was not a ‘ neutral ’ arbiter of relations between the American mining companies and Italian banks and the working class in a ‘ humanist ’ economy , but in fact was firmly on the side of the former .
Precisely the goal of the state - capitalist measures undertaken by the régime was to rationalize the economy to allow more efficient imperialist penetration , state capital and state power guaranteeing profitability in general .
The Revolutionary Government ’s apparently daring measures to expropriate certain elements of the bourgeoisie in no way implied affinity with the working class or opposition to capitalism .
At this point we might digress and note that the Peruvian colonels ’ clever attempt to identify the interests of the working class with that of the benevolent ‘ revolutionary ’ state machine was far from unique .
It has been also been a hallmark of state socialism from the stage in the Russian revolution where it was determined that the working class needed no defence from ‘ their ’ state and thus no organizing rights were necessary ( Lenin ’s opposition to Trotsky ’s very explicit position on this score in the 1920 ‘ trade union debate ’ was rather at odds with what had already happened to the factory committees ) through to Hugo Chávez ’s Venezuela , where another ‘ co- operative system ’ plays the same role , as Charles Reeve discussed with El Libertario [ 4 ] :
“ C.R. – Now let ’s talk about the co-operatives movement .
A Venezuelan friend said that the government ’s cooperatives movement , in the last analysis , amounts to a sort of institutionalisation of labour precarity and black market work .
He mentioned the recent ( 2007 ) strike by dustmen in part of Caracas , during which the strikers asked for Barreto , mayor of Caracas , to intervene – he who quotes Foucault and invited Toni Negri over .
The mayor told them that he could do nothing , since they had accepted the transformation of the old company into a co-operative .
Which meant that there was no collective bargaining , since the workers were considered to be associates of the co-operative on the same level as the administrators !
“ M. – Of course , we have a totally different idea of cooperatives .
For us , a co-operative is an initiative which comes from below .
For the Chavistas , on the contrary , enterprises in what they now call the “ social economy sector ” must operate in the form of state - aided cooperatives .
Every day people start organising cooperatives – people who are totally foreign to the spirit and practice of co-operativism … because it is the quickest way of getting contracts and state credit !
In many industries the law obliges the state to give priority of tenders to “ co-operatives ” above private enterprises .
So many malign people have started creating cooperatives in order to win contracts with government bodies .
That was the case with the public roads initiative .
A private enterprise was thus transformed into a co-operative to win the tender , and at a stroke the workers lost all their rights and bonuses .
They now have three - month renewable contracts , such that the “ co-operativist ” ( in reality , the new name for the boss ! ) has no duties towards them .
Thanks to this lie , after a few months it could be said that there were 200,000 co-operatives …
All this in order to make propaganda showing that society has changed .
But it is all artificial , created by decree .
“ I. – I would add that , after the oil workers ’ strike , the government learned that it had to control the world of work .
First it explained that the state would create a new form of organisation based on solidarity and where all workers would benefit from the same privileges .
The co-operatives !
At a stroke the government broke the services contracts it had with private companies ( particularly for cleaning ) , which by law had to pay workers ‘ social bonuses ’ .
The workers were laid off and forced to seek temporary work with these co-operatives now dealing with the state .
They lost the bonuses and rights which they had previously ( in theory at least ) had .
Moreover , many of these co-operatives disappeared as soon as they were created .
So we are witnessing , as your friend is right to emphasise , the casualisation of work . ”
State capitalism and development
Indeed , in the summer 1971 edition of Monthly Review referred to above , devoted entirely to Peru , Quijano ’s study basically asserts that the populist and left - nationalist rhetoric used to generate support for ‘ Peruvianisation ’ was shallow , with the régime not even following a consistent course of taking over multinational interests : the ‘ Peruvianisation ’ of the wholly - foreign - owned car industry , which saw price controls and restrictions on importing locally available materials , along with the new structures of finance via the establishment of state holding firm COFIDE , could not and did not seek to actually push back imperialist ownership as such but all the better to integrate it with state capital while modernizing industry .
The Peruvian colonels were ‘ anti- imperialist ’ only in the sense that they wanted to establish a more equal status in partnership with US capital rather than serve as its direct agents .
Some Trotskyists in Latin America might criticize such leaders , as well as the likes of Chávez in Venezuela or Evo Morales in Bolivia for ‘ not going far enough ’ – being reticent or unwilling to carry through ‘ the revolution ’ to its full course , they vacillate and accommodate to imperialist interests , and have to be pushed further .
This type of analysis of left nationalists as an ally who need to be pressured along ( as put into action with disastrous effect by the mass Partido Obrero Revolucionario in the 1952 Bolivian revolution ) has two central flaws conceptually speaking .
Firstly , we would of course object to any notion that the state machine can implement socialism from above given sufficient determination to carry out a reform process , an idea clearly counterposed to the working class overthrowing the state apparatus via their own self - activity ( to which many such left nationalists are overtly hostile ) .
Secondly , it misunderstands the project of the partisans of statified capitalism , which is not a ‘ mistaken ’ or ‘ misdirected ’ attempt to abolish capitalism but rather to rationalize and re-organise it in the interests of different sectors ( e.g. the prioritization of light industry as against agriculture under Velasco ) , combat underdevelopment and to support domestic capital , even if these things may cause some degree of antagonism with US capital .
Surely , however , when we say that state capitalism in Latin America in fact rationalizes investment and develops infrastructure for the sake of serving the interests of capital in general , this merely begs the question : why is it so polarizing , and why does it provoke such strife within the bourgeoisie itself ?
If the nationalization of most of the Chilean economy by Salvador Allende in 1970 - 73 only had the intention of better organizing the exploitation of the working class , or if the Peruvian colonels were laying the basis for greater profitability ( and if Chávez , Morales , Zelaya and Correa are doing the same today ) , why such strong opposition from the majority of the capitalist class ?
Why did it take so long for ‘ ordinary ’ parliamentary - civilian rule to stabilize in almost every country in Latin America , and why does that seem under threat today ?
Clearly underlying class relations in a country like Peru is the importance of foreign investment and imbalance of trade , the dependence of the whole economy on the United States ( including the orientation of production and technology to the demands of western capital ) and therefore a relatively small , super - rich and ‘ outward - facing ’ domestic bourgeoisie desperate to hold onto an alliance which guarantees its own privileges and at the same time subordinates the interests of the national economy ’s development to those of imperialist exploitation .
Although there is a ‘ local ’ bourgeoisie with different objectives than the working class , it appears that across the 19th and 20th centuries underdevelopment has been the direct product of the domination of foreign capital :
“ In Latin America , the international monopoly corporation uses [ its ] technology to compete with and eliminate or absorb local rivals , who lack the funds or suppliers to buy , or can not get import licences for similar equipment …
The international corporation which controls this technology thus increases its monopoly power over its Latin American associates in their common mixed firms , over its Latin American rivals in other firms , and over the Latin American economy in general .
In the latter , as a result , the capital / labour ratio rises , excess capacity grows , and the general wage level declines .
Fore these reasons and because this foreign investment has a largely foreign multiplier and does not increase domestic purchasing power correspondingly , periodic over - investment crises become more frequent and prolonged , while cyclical and structural unemployment increases in Latin America . ” [ 5 ]
Of course , this is not uniformly the case on the continent , particular in the wealthier south .
Chile until 1973 was a longstanding bastion of parliamentary democracy , “ from the beginning the republic was ruled by a domestic ruling class , that of the great conservative landowners like Portales and then the industrial bourgeoisie from Manuel Montt onwards .
A country of mining enclaves , Chile was nonetheless ruled by a united ruling class with a strong capacity for integration .
By the early 20th century the separation between finance and rural capital had almost disappeared . ” [ 6 ]
For the most part , however , the local ruling classes in the region are highly vulnerable both to struggle by an immiserated working class with no stake in the dependent bourgeoisie ’s profits , and to crises in the world ’s main capitalist centres .
For their part , state capitalists prioritise economic development , seeking to build ‘ national unity ’ and blunt class antagonisms by sinking roots in society for domestic capital .
But an effort to rationalize ‘ ordinary ’ ‘ national ’ class relations would mean curbing the monopoly of power belonging to oligarchs and the dependent ruling class .
Although such a path may assist capital accumulation in general terms , the old oligarchic families are forced to confront the would - be state capitalist ruling class for fear of not being integrated into the new order .
Nationalist movements in Latin America who set themselves against oligarchs and US imperialism – or ‘ populists ’ – have long been able to find support among the working class and peasantry but also significant sections of the administrative and professional middle class and the non-dependent ‘ national ’ bourgeoisie ’ .
Because they rest on more than one class force , such régimes talk out of both sides of their mouth , insisting on their ability to manage capitalism ( we need only recall Chávez ’s “ I will deactivate the bomb of revolution ” speech [ 7 ] ) at the same time as denouncing imperialists and oligarchs .
They do however have a contradictory relationship with the workers ’ movement : breaking down the old state apparatus and economic hierarchies , and indeed splits in the military , may rouse the working class into more assertive action , as has undoubtedly taken place in Venezuela since the defeat of the 2002 coup against Chávez .
Moreover , for want of the support of a socially weighty domestic ruling class , such ‘ populists ’ may desire to harness the strength of the working class via co-option of trade unions and leftist rhetoric .
Zelaya , upon coming to power in Honduras 2005 – much like Chávez in Venezuela in 1999 – was a Third Way centrist , and yet thanks to the vociferous opposition of much of the traditional ruling class , was pushed to the left .
Zelaya , leader of the long - standing major conservative force , the Partido Liberal , was faced with crisis as oil prices soared and the IMF exerted pressure , and therefore he adopted a ‘ populist ’ course :
“ … a classic situation started to come about : a bourgeois government , which is opposed by the majority of the bourgeoisie , tries to survive on the basis of mass - movement support .
In Honduras the rise of struggles led by the [ Coordinadora Nacional de Resistencia Popular ] gave substance to this option .
“ This “ left turn ” , seeking support among the mass movement , was done without making significant material concessions to the working class or peasantry .
Beyond small increases in the minimum wage , suspension of water privatisation and other small concessions , Mel [ Zelaya ’s ] populist turn was more a matter of speeches , embracing Chávez and the Castro brothers and meetings with the CNRP . ” [ 8 ]
Ultimately , the aforementioned behaviour towards the working class of Peruvian Revolutionary Government type régimes and machine politicians pushed to the left , like Chávez and Zelaya , is not substantially different to those populists with origins in the traditional left – like Salvador Allende in Chile , 1970 - 73 or Evo Morales today .
In each one of these cases the government at once tries to elicit mass support and mobilisation and at yet at the same time effectively smother working - class forces with integration into the state and the breaking up autonomous movements which go too far .
Throughout his rule Allende repeatedly attempted to broker compromise with the military , bringing numerous officers into his cabinet and sending soldiers into factories and poor barrios in weapons raids to stop revolutionary organization on the part of the working class , which culminated in a right - wing coup .
In August 2008 , at the same time as the Bolivian oligarchy ’s forces were marching through the streets of provinces like Beni , Pando and Santa Cruz in an effort to split the country in two and re-establish their cosy relations with western energy firms , Evo Morales , proclaiming the need for national unity , sent police to break up miners ’ picket lines near Oruro as evidence of his ability to keep the working class in line ( he calls his desired system ‘ Andean capitalism ’ ) .
Such opposition to revolutionary working - class struggle is not in itself a sufficient guarantee of the stability of any given government , since the ruling class is sharply differentiated amongst itself .
Other elements of the ruling class may well be wary of moves which create space for the workers ’ movement or threaten alliance with US capital even if they are not anti-capitalist as such ; as we have seen , that in no way implies that the working class has a particular interest in supporting the ‘ left - nationalist ’ section of the ruling class or that it can use state channels to advance resistance to capitalist austerity .
Conclusion
Populism in Latin America has continually re-emerged , expressing the desire of certain local ruling classes to build ‘ national ’ economic development and lessen dependence on US imperialism and also relying for support on its perceived resistance to the traditional structures of capitalist rule .
In certain ways the struggle between state capitalists basing themselves on popular movements hostile to oligarchs and US imperialism , and traditional conservative forces has in some countries appeared to substitute itself for direct struggle between classes with clearly delineated interests .
For want of an ‘ independent ’ domestic bourgeoisie class lines can be blurred and left nationalists are able to position themselves as if advocates of the masses , whether from a traditional left background , forced to seek working - class support by the resistance of oligarchs or determined agents of state - capitalist development .
Superfically radical measures may thus be taken to restrict the power of certain elements of the bourgeoisie .
Yet it is clear that whatever the importance of ‘ populism ’ in the context of a Latin America dominated by foreign capital , it is illusory to believe that the working class can develop its own fight for socialism via alliance with such forces : in fact , to back state - capitalist development is precisely to support the project with the strongest strategy for rationalizing the rule of the domestic bourgeoisie and battening down the hatches of class struggle .
[ 1 ] ‘ Cold War fears sparked by Venezuelan diplomats ’ stand - off in Honduras ’ , The Times , 23July 2009
[ 2 ]
The United States of America had been the dominant power in its ‘ backyard ’ ever since the 19th century collapse of Spanish colonialism – culminating in the 1898 Spanish - American War – and to a certain extent , thanks to the early 20th century decline of the long - time British influence over Argentina and Chile .
It was also the case that this period saw re-emerging European interests in much of the continent , as well as the rise of Japanese finance projects , and therefore a “ multi-lateralisation ” of foreign investment .
[ 3 ] Aníbal Quijano , ‘ Nationalism and capitalism in Peru ’ , Monthly Review July - August 1971 , p. 113
[ 4 ] ‘ Charles Reeve interviews El Libertario ’ ,
The revolution delayed : a decade of Hugo Chávez , The Commune , February 2009 , pp. 13-15
[ 5 ] Capitalism and underdevelopment in Latin America , Andre Gunder Frank , Pelican , London , 1973 , pp. 332-333
[ 6 ]
Vie et Mort du Chili Populaire , Alain Touraine , Seuil , Paris , 1973 , pp. 64-65
[ 7 ]
“ I said this before becoming president : Venezuela is a kind of bomb .
We are going to begin to deactivate the mechanism of that bomb .
And today , it ’s not that it is totally deactivated , but I am sure that it is much less likely that this bomb will explode today . ” – Hugo Chávez speaking to a conference of US and Venezuelan business leaders , 2005
[ 8 ] ‘ ¡Movilización de masas hasta derrotar a “ Pinocheletti ” !’ , Roberto Ramírez , http://socialismo-o-barbarie.org/centroamerica_y_caribe/090702_entre_consolidacion_y_rebelion.htm
To celebrate 10 great years of improved gaming , EVGA Gaming will be hosting a very special Team Fortress 2 event for all the great pub players who make our servers some of the most popular gaming locations around .
On Saturday July 25th and Sunday July 26th EVGA will be doubling its public TF2 servers and running a weekend long prize giveaway !
Signup and participation is free and easy for any who wishes to participate .
This is not a competition or tournament , merely a chance for regular gamers to come out and play your hearts out for some great gaming goods .
All prizes will be raffled off over the course of the weekend !
To qualify for this event , you just need to signup here with your Username and Steam ID .
Just login and play , it 's that easy !
We hope you have fun and continue to make our wonderful gaming community as great as its always been .
Please visit this page close to the event to see the full list of servers .
Video :
Winners :
Email webmaster@evga.com if you are a winner !
2x Each of the following available :
josephvarga & pink_girl
VashTHT & katspajamas
syncc & btrickey
Gugurijo & gunslinger_100
jcantlin & kelvin18574
0322 & shift_nismo
~ TheDude ~ & lkelly92
5x Each of the following available :
omgspoon , thefugitive108 , Cheesecakes , P0574L , StarCraft001
sunburstX , turnuptheac , zeplar , bemeseed , Cook1eMan
HitokiriZ , sephiroth8748 , Disc0
Fever , LeeTKaN , Thatsnasty
THE GAME IS CLOSED
** If you do n’t know what your Steam ID is , just log into Team Fortress 2 , and type “ status ” in the developers console ( ~ ) .
Make sure you have the console enabled in your options menu **
Stats Pages :
NFO Servers : http://evga1.stats-ps3.nfoservers.com/index.php
Special thanks to NFO servers for sponsoring this event !
HLstats for Payload : http://evga.hlstatsx.com/?mode=players&game=tf
Current EVGA Gaming Team Fortress 2 Servers :
Payload - 74.53.242.35:27015
Arena - 74.53.242.37:27015
EVGA Gaming Ventrilo :
voice06.lowpings.net:4407
If you have any questions or comments about the upcoming event , please post here :
http://www.evga.com/forums/tm.asp?m=100761966&mpage=1&key=�
Visit the EVGA Gaming website at :
www.evga.com/gaming/
" It 's not a matter of if , but when , " said gerontologist David Sinclair of a drug that promises a long and healthy life – not quite a fountain of youth , but perhaps a fountain of fitness .
Best of all , predicted Sinclair , you 'll be able to afford it .
Speaking yesterday at a World Science Festival discussion on the science of longevity , Sinclair predicted that the drugs " could have as big an impact as antibiotics in the 20th century , and it 's just around the corner . "
Five years ago , Sinclair , a Harvard University professor and co-founder of Sirtris Pharmaceuticals , discovered that the molecule resveratrol targets a gene activated by calorically restricted diets , which have extended the lifespans of laboratory animals from yeast to monkeys .
Despite the paucity of human testing , some people already practice caloric restriction .
Most , however , are discouraged by the spartan dietary discipline required of adherents .
Questions also remain about long - term side effects .
Instead , scientists are shooting for pharmaceutical shortcuts that do the same thing – namely , reinvigorating our mitochondria , fixing a lifetime of cellular wear - and - tear .
Many gerontologists believe that the so - called diseases of aging – cancer , diabetes , heart disease , dementia and any other condition whose primary risk factor is age – originate in damage caused to our mitochondria by free oxygen radicals .
These are an inevitable byproduct of turning chemical energy into our body 's fuel , but corrode mitochondrial DNA , eventually causing organs and systems to malfunction and shut down .
Fix the mitochondria , say scientists , and the rest of you wo n't break down .
What 's offered is n't a protraction of physical decrepitude , but a slowing of the biological clock .
" The biggest myth , " said University of Wisconsin caloric restriction pioneer Richard
Weindruch of the new anti-aging drugs , " is that if we extend lifespan , that would involve more unhealthy years at the end .
But we 'll add years of healthy life . "
Every major pharmaceutical company is conducting research on the handful of genes activated by caloric restriction .
GlaxoSmithKline today finished its $ 720 million purchase of Sirtris , a business - page declaration that anti-aging drugs are serious business .
" This is happening now .
They 're in clinical trials – and the general public has no idea what 's coming , " said Sinclair .
I 've written before about these drugs , which I believe have a shot at fulfilling their promise .
What intrigues me now is as much social as scientific : if they work , how will they affect our experience of life ?
Could they change the nature of death ?
And who will be able to afford them ?
Will the fountain of youth be affordable to only the wealthy ?
I posed the question to Sinclair , who explained that Sirtris '
resveratrol formulation is now in Phase II clinical trials for diabetes .
When it hits the market in four or five hears , he said ,
" It 'll be on the market as a diabetes drug .
It 'll have to sell for $ 3
or $ 4 a pill , in order to stay competitive . "
He continued , " And once it goes off - patent , companies will be able to make it for pennies .
It 'll be like aspirin . " **
Image : Richard Weindruch compares pictures of a calorically - restricted monkey , below , and a monkey on a regular diet , above .
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Brandon Keim's Twitter and Del.icio.us feeds ; Wired Science on Facebook .
People walk on an abandoned elevated rail line in New York , Monday June 8 , 2009 , that is reopening this week as a landscaped public park : The High Line .
The High Line stretches 1.5 miles up the west side of the Manhattan island .
The project along Manhattan 's West Side has been years in the making .
( AP Photo / Richard Drew )
People walk on an abandoned elevated rail line , seen from the top of the Hotel Standard , in New York , Monday June 8 , 2009 , that is reopening this week as a landscaped public park : The High Line .
The High Line stretches 1.5 miles up the west side of the Manhattan island .
( AP Photo / Richard Drew )
New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg , center , delivers his remarks at ceremonies on an abandoned elevated rail line in New York , Monday June 8 , 2009 , that is reopening this week as a landscaped public park : The High Line .
The High Line stretches 1.5 miles up the west side of the Manhattan island .
( AP Photo / Richard Drew )
A New York City Parks Dept. employee plants a bush on an abandoned elevated rail line in New York , Monday June 8 , 2009 , that is reopening this week as a landscaped public park : The High Line .
The High Line stretches 1.5 miles up the west side of the Manhattan island .
( AP Photo / Richard Drew )
Construction workers stand on the abandoned elevated rail line in New York , Monday June 8 , 2009 , that is reopening this week as a landscaped public park : The High Line .
The High Line stretches 1.5 miles up the west side of the Manhattan island .
( AP Photo / Richard Drew )
People walk on an abandoned elevated rail line in New York , Monday June 8 , 2009 , that is reopening this week as a landscaped public park : The High Line .
The High Line stretches 1.5 miles up the west side of the Manhattan island .
The park opens to the public on Tuesday .
( AP Photo / Richard Drew )
People walk on an abandoned elevated rail line in New York , Monday June 8 , 2009 , that is reopening this week as a landscaped public park : The High Line .
The High Line stretches 1.5 miles up the west side of the Manhattan island .
( AP Photo / Richard Drew )
People walk on an abandoned elevated rail line in New York , Monday June 8 , 2009 , that is reopening this week as a landscaped public park : The High Line .
The High Line stretches 1.5 miles up the west side of the Manhattan island .
The park opens to the public on Tuesday .
( AP Photo / Richard Drew )
Amanda Burden , chair of the New York City Planning Commission , admires plantings on an abandoned elevated rail line in New York , Monday June 8 , 2009 , that is reopening this week as a landscaped public park : The High Line .
The High Line stretches 1.5 miles up the west side of the Manhattan island .
( AP Photo / Richard Drew )
U.S. Rep. Jerry Nadler , D-NY ; New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg ; New York City Council Speaker Christine Quinn and Manhattan Borough President Scott Stringer , front row left to right , walk on an abandoned elevated rail line in New York , Monday June 8 , 2009 , that is reopening this week as a landscaped public park : The High Line .
The High Line stretches 1.5 miles up the west side of the Manhattan island .
( AP Photo / Richard Drew )
New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg listens as designer Diane Von Furstenberg delivers her remarks , Monday June 8 , 2009 , during ceremonies on an abandoned elevated rail line that is reopening this week as a landscaped public park : The High Line .
The High Line stretches 1.5 miles up the west side of the Manhattan island .
She and her husband , the media mogul Barry Diller , have long championed the High Line .
( AP Photo / Richard Drew )
People walk on an abandoned elevated rail line in New York , Monday June 8 , 2009 , that is reopening this week as a landscaped public park : The High Line .
The High Line stretches 1.5 miles up the west side of the Manhattan island .
The park opens to the public on Tuesday .
( AP Photo / Richard Drew )
A section of an abandoned overhead railway line in New York City will open to the public today as a landscaped park , the first of its kind in the United States .
Yesterday mayor Michael Bloomberg helped unveil the first half - mile section of the High Line park , a transformed railway line sitting three storeys above the city 's streets that was abandoned nearly 30 years ago .
The High Line stretches 1.5 miles from Gansevoort Street in the Meatpacking District all the way up to 30th Street along Manhattan 's West Side , with views of the city and the Hudson river , including landmarks like the Statue of Liberty and the Empire State Building .
The line stands as high as 30ft and is 60ft wide in some places .
The total cost is £ 95 million , funded in part by private donations , as well as the city , state and government .
Many of those at the opening ceremony noted how the High Line provided a new window for viewing the city 's famous skyline .
" Any time you usually look at the city from high up , you 're inside a building , " said New York City Council speaker Christine Quinn .
" But to be able to look from an elevated level and be outdoors is just a wonderful feeling . "
Paris recently converted a rail viaduct into an elevated park called the Promenade Plantee , but officials say the High Line park is the first of its kind in the United States .
Similar projects are being considered in Philadelphia and Chicago .
The New York railway line was built in the 1930s for freight trains carrying dairy products , produce and meats to warehouses and factories in the area , to avoid the increasingly crowded streets , which had become so treacherous for pedestrians that 10th Avenue was nicknamed " Death Avenue " .
The last train ran on the High Line in 1980 and for many years , community groups and parks enthusiasts sought to have it made into a public space .
But some residents wanted it torn down .
" People called it a blight , eyesore , crumbling relic , " Mr Bloomberg said .
It was nearly destroyed in 2001 , but a judge blocked those plans after community activists and the city council sued .
Construction on the project began in 2006 and the first section , from Gansevoort to 20th streets , will open today and the part from 20th to 30th streets is expected to open next year .
The park is a mix of concrete and green landscaping , with features that include a wading pool and trees in some areas .
Designers incorporated the railway tracks into some of the landscaping , as well as preserving many of the wild flowers and other plants that have grown there for years .
There will be access points every two to three streets , including some with lifts .
The park will be open from 7 am to 10 pm .
Belfast Telegraph
( Natural News )
One - third of heart attacks worldwide may be attributable to diets high in fat , salt , eggs and meat , according to a groundbreaking new study published in the journal " Thirty percent of the risk of heart disease in a population could be related to poor diet , " lead author Romania Iqbal said .
In the INTERHEART study , researchers from Canada 's McMaster University compared diet and heart attack risk among 16,000 people in 52 countries -- 5,561 people who had survived a heart attack , and 10,646 who had no history of heart disease .
Using responses to a detailed dietary questionnaire , researchers assigned each participant a dietary risk score based on their consumption of 19 foods including eggs , grains , fish , red or white meat , dairy , raw fruits and vegetables , and fried and salty foods .
The researchers then sorted respondents into three general dietary categories : " Western , " " prudent " and " Oriental [ sic ] " .
A Western dietary pattern was high in fried foods , eggs , meat and salt .
The prudent pattern was high in fruits and vegetables , while the " Oriental " pattern was high in tofu and sauces such as soy sauce .
The researchers then compared the heart attack risk of people who fell into each dietary category with those who did not , adjusting for other cardiovascular risk factors such as age , body mass index , exercise , geographical location , sex and smoking status .
People who ate lots of foods in the Western category had a 35 percent higher heart attack risk than those who ate less meat , eggs , and fried and salty foods .
Conversely , those with a prudent diet had a 30 percent lower heart attack risk than those who ate fewer fruits and vegetables .
" What we found was that the prudent diet , which is very simple -- lots of fruits and vegetables , less fried food and red meat -- was protective , " senior author Salim Yusuf said .
" It was protective in every part of the world , in men and women , old and young -- everybody .
And the degree of protection was quite substantial .
" There was no significant difference in heart attack risk between those who ate foods characteristic of the " Oriental " diet and those who did not .
The researchers noted that the study 's design was unique in zeroing in on the cardiovascular effects of specific foods , and in examining the " Oriental " eating pattern , as well as the more well - studied Western and prudent patterns .
Significantly , the study showed that the issue is not necessarily the specific dishes that are more traditionally eaten by Western cultures -- such as meat and potatoes -- but rather the presence of meat , eggs , fat and salt in the diet as a whole .
Thus , replacing traditional Western foods with fatty foods from other parts of the world will have little health benefit .
" Most people in North America would think of French fries , pizza and potato chips as the big offenders here , " researcher Sonia Anand said " That 's true , but we also include into that things like samosas and pakoras and fried won ton so that this message applies generally to people from India , people from China -- that deep frying is not good for you . " " This study shows that it does n't matter whether you live in Bolton or Bombay , or whether you like to eat British , African Caribbean or Asian foods , " agreed Ellen Mason of the British Heart Foundation .
" The vital thing is to reduce your intake of salty , fried , fatty food to a minimum but increase the amount of fruit and vegetables you eat .
" The researchers speculated that the " Oriental " diet had no effect because it contains both heart - positive and heart - negative foods -- such as salty sauces .
" Chinese people tend to have lower rates of heart disease , but it 's because they do n't have a Western diet , " Yusuf said .
" Their diet is avoiding the bad things in the Western diet , but it could be even better if they increased the amounts of fruits and vegetables they consumed .
" Sources for this story include : news.bbc.co.uk ; www.cbc.ca; latimesblogs.latimes.com ; www.canada.com
The mystery why cybercriminals want a discontinued Nokia phone is n't getting any clearer .
Hackers have been offering up to € 25,000 ( US $ 32,413 ) in undergrounds forums for Nokia 1100 phones made in the company 's former factory in Bochum , Germany .
The phone can allegedly be hacked so as to facilitate illegal online banking transfers , according to the Dutch company Ultrascan Advanced Global Investigations .
Nokia said on Tuesday it is not aware that resale prices for a phone that retailed for less than € 100 when it debuted in 2003 have risen so high .
Further , Nokia maintains the phone 's software is n't flawed .
" We have not identified any phone software problem that would allow alleged use cases , " the company said in an e-mailed statement .
The 1100 can apparently be reprogrammed to use someone else 's phone number , which would also let the device receive text messages .
That capability opens up an opportunity for online banking fraud .
In countries such as Germany , banks send an mTAN ( mobile Transaction Authentication Number ) to a person 's mobile phone that must be entered into a Web - based form in order to , for example , transfer money into another account .
A TAN can only be used once , a security feature known as a one - time passcode .
Criminals have proven adept at obtaining peoples ' user names and logins for online bank accounts , either through tricking people into visiting look - alike bank Web sites , through clever e-mail messages or simply hacking PCs .
European banks typically issue customers a list of TANs , but phishers tricked people into revealing those .
Deutsche Postbank used to accept any TAN from the list to complete a transaction .
Then the bank moved to requesting specific TANs from the list .
After continuing fraud , it in 2005 decided to expanded the use of mTANs .
" The mTAN is valid only for the requested transfer and only for a short period , " according to the bank 's Web site .
" It thus has no value for a fraudster . "
That is , unless the hacker could also receive the mTAN , which Nokia 1100 hack allegedly allows .
Nokia said it does n't know of an 1100 software problem that would allow call spoofing .
The company said that a phone 's SIM ( Subscriber Identity Module ) card -- which holds the device 's phone number -- has security mechanisms that are separate from the phone itself .
Nokia said it is aware of commercial services that claim to provide caller identification or phone - number spoofing services , but in those cases the service provider acts as a proxy between the caller and the recipient , Nokia said .
But it is possible to have multiple phones running on a service provider 's network that use the same phone number , said Sean Sullivan , a security advisor with the security vendor F - Secure in Finland .
Usually , the last phone that used the network will be the one that receives inbound messages , he said .
" So if this particular Nokia 1100 can be modified to spoof the victims phone number , it should be possible to become the primary handset -- at least long enough to receive the TAN , " Smith said .
Technical details on how the 1100 is being modified are still unknown , said Frank Engelsman of Ultrascan .
However , a woman in Finland contacted his company on Monday after seeing a news story and offered to send her Bochum - made Nokia 1100 .
When it arrives , the phone will be examined and tested to see if the TAN interception can be replicated , Engelsman said .
Meanwhile , a Dutch technology site , portablegear.nl , wrote that it placed a fake advertisement for the particular Nokia 1100 on an online marketplace .
People offered as much as €500 , offering to immediately come pick up the device .
Nokia produced more than 200 million devices in the 1100 model family .
The company said it does n't disclosure figures such as how many 1100s were made in Bochum .
djng — a Django powered microframework
djng is nearly two weeks old now , so it ’s about time I wrote a bit about the project .
I presented a keynote at EuroDjangoCon in Prague earlier this month entitled Django Heresies .
The talk followed the noble DjangoCon tradition ( established last year with the help of Mark Ramm and Cal Henderson ) of pointing a spotlight at Django ’s flaws .
In my case , it was a chance to apply the benefit of hindsight to some of the design decisions I helped make back at the Lawrence Journal - World in 2004 .
I took a few cheap shots at things like the { % endifequal %} tag and error silencing in the template system , but the three substantial topics in my talk were class - based generic views ( I ’m a fan ) , my hatred of settings.py and my interest in turtles all the way down .
Why I hate settings.py
In the talk , I justified my dislike for settings.py by revisiting the problems behind PHP ’s magic quotes feature ( finally going away for good in PHP 6 ) .
Magic quotes were one of the main reasons I switched to Python from PHP .
My main problem with magic quotes was that they made it extremely difficult to write reusable PHP code .
The feature was configured globally , which lead to a quandary .
What if you have two libraries , one expecting magic quotes on and the other expecting it off ?
Your library could check get_magic_quotes_gpc ( ) and stripslashes ( ) from input if the setting was turned on , but this would break in the presence of the common idiom where stripslashes ( ) is applied to all incoming $ _GET and $ _POST data .
Unfortunately , global settings configured using settings .py have a similar smell to them .
Middleware and context processors are the best example here — a specific setting might be needed by just one installed application , but the effects are felt by everything in the system .
While I have n’t yet seen two “ reusable ” Django apps that require conflicting settings , per-application settings are an obvious use case that settings .py fails to cover .
Global impact aside , my bigger problem with settings.py is that I almost always end up wanting to reconfigure them at run-time .
This is possible in Django today , but comes at a price :
Only some settings can actually be changed at run-time — others ( such as USE_I18N ) are lazily evaluated once and irreversibly reconfigure parts of Django ’s plumbing .
Figuring out which ones can be changed requires exploration of Django ’s source code .
If you change a setting , you need to reliably change it back at the end of a request or your application will behave strangely .
Uncaught exceptions could cause problems here , unless you remember to wrap dynamic setting changes in a try / finally block .
Changing a setting is n’t thread - safe ( without doing some extra work ) .
Almost every setting in Django has legitimate use - cases for modification at run-time .
Here are just a few examples :
Requests from mobile phones may need a different TEMPLATE_DIRS setting , to load the mobile - specific templates in preference to the site defaults .
Some sites offer premium accounts which in turn gain access to more reliable servers .
Premium users might get to send e-mail via a separate pool of SMTP servers , for example .
Some sections of code may want to use a different cache backend , or talk to a different set of memcache servers — to reduce the chance of one rapidly changing component causing other component ’s cache entries to expire too early .
Errors in one area of a site might need to be sent to a different team of developers .
Admin users might want DEBUG=True , while regular site visitors get DEBUG= False .
Finally , settings.py is behind the dreaded “ Settings cannot be imported , because environment variable DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE is undefined ” exception .
Yuck .
Turtles all the way down
The final section of the talk was about turtles .
More precisely , it was about their role as an “ infinite regression belief about cosmology and the nature of the universe ” .
I want to apply that idea to Django .
My favourite thing about Django is something I ’ve started to call the “ Django Contract ” : the idea that a Django view is a callable which takes a request object and returns a response object .
I want to expand that concept to other parts of Django as well :
URLconf : takes a request , dispatches based on request .
path , returns a response .
, returns a response .
Application : takes a request , returns a response
Middleware : takes a request , returns a response ( conditionally transforming either )
Django - powered site : hooked in to mod_wsgi / FastCGI /a
Python web server , takes a request , returns a response
So instead of a Django site consisting of a settings.py , urls.py and various applications and middlewares , a site would just be a callable that obeys the Django Contract and composes together dozens of other callables .
At this point , Django starts to look a lot like WSGI .
What if WSGI and the Django Contract were interchangeable ?
WSGI is a wrapper around HTTP , so what if that could be swapped in and out ( through proxies ) as well ?
Django , WSGI and HTTP , three breeds of turtle arranged on top of each other in various configurations .
Turtles all the way down .
djng
djng is my experiment to see what Django would like without settings.py and with a whole lot more turtles .
It ’s Yet Another Python Microframework .
What ’s a microframework ?
The best examples are probably web.py ( itself a result of Aaron Swartz ’s frustrations with Django ) and Sinatra , my all time favourite example of Ruby DSL design .
More recent examples in Python include juno , newf , mnml and itty .
Microframeworks let you build an entire web application in a single file , usually with only one import statement .
They are becoming increasingly popular for building small , self - contained applications that perform only one task — Service Oriented Architecture reborn as a combination of the Unix development philosophy and RESTful API design .
I first saw this idea expressed in code by Anders Pearson and Ian Bicking back in 2005 .
Unlike most microframeworks , djng has a pretty big dependency : Django itself .
The plan is to reuse everything I like about Django ( the templates , the ORM , view functions , the form library etc ) while replacing just the top level plumbing and removing the requirement for separate settings.py and urls .py files .
This is what “ Hello , world ” looks like in in djng :
import djng def index( request ) : return djng .
Response (' Hello , world ' ) if __name__ == ' __main__ ' : djng.serve(index , ' 0.0.0.0 ' , 8888 )
djng .
Response is an alias for Django ’s HttpResponse .
djng.serve is a utility function which converts up anything fulfilling the Django Contract in to a WSGI application , then exposes it over HTTP .
Let ’s add URL routing to the example :
app = djng.
Router ( ( r' ^hello$ ' , lambda request : djng.
Response (' Hello , world ' ) ) , ( r' ^goodbye$ ' , lambda request : djng.
Response ( ' Goodbye , world ' ) ) , ) if __name__ == ' __main__ ' : djng.serve(app , ' 0.0.0.0 ' , 8888 )
The implementation of djng .
Router is just a few lines of glue code adding a nicer API to Django ’s internal RegexURLResolver class .
Services , not settings
The trickiest problem I still need to solve is how to replace settings.py .
A group of developers ( including Adrian , Armin , Alex and myself ) had an excellent brainstorming session at EuroDjangoCon about this .
We realised that most of the stuff in settings.py can be recast as configuring services which Django makes available to the applications it is hosting .
Services like the following :
Caching
Templating
Sending e-mail
Sessions
Database connection — django.db.connection
Higher level ORM
File storage
Each of the above needs to be configured , and each also might need to be reconfigured at runtime .
Django already points in this direction by providing hooks for adding custom backends for caching , template loading , file storage and session support .
What ’s missing is an official way of swapping in different backends at runtime .
I ’m currently leaning towards the idea of a “ stack ” of service implementations , one for each of the service categories listed above .
A new implementation could be pushed on to the stack at any time during the Django request / response cycle , and will be automatically popped back off again before the next request is processed ( all in a thread - safe manner ) .
Applications would also be able to instantiate and use a particular service implementation directly should they need to do so .
A few days ago I heard about Contextual , which appears to be trying to solve a similar problem .
Just a few minutes ago I stumbled across paste. registry ’s StackedObjectProxy which seems to be exactly what I ’ve been busily reinventing .
My current rough thoughts on an API for this can be found in services_api_ideas.
txt .
I ’m eager to hear suggestions on how to tackle this problem .
djng is very much an experiment at the moment — I would n’t suggest building anything against it unless you ’re willing to maintain your own fork .
That said , the code is all on GitHub partly because I want people to fork it and experiment with their own API concepts as much as possible .
If you ’re interested in exploring these concepts with me , please join me on the brand new djng mailing list .
Lovelace and Babbage is now an Eisner - Nominated graphic novel !
A cornucopia of comics and a feast of footnotes !
“ … a must - have for anyone who enjoys getting lost in a story as brilliant in execution as conception … permeated by delightful illustrations , obsessive foot - and endnotes , and a spirit of genuine inventiveness , it ’s an early candidate for the year ’s best . ”
Publishers Weekly ( Starred Review )
We Need to Be Who We Can Be--and That Means We Need to Not Listen to the LIkes of Thomas Friedman and Richard Cohen
Senate Minority
Whip expressed regret for remarks made by a fellow Republican Senator on health care reform Sunday .
Sen. Jim DeMint was quote by Politico as saying “ If we are able to stop Obama on this it will be his Waterloo .
It will break him . ”
Sen. John Kyl told Fox News ’ Brett Baier that those remarks were “ unfortunate . ”
“ I do n’t agree with that language , ” he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from Fox ’s Fox News Sunday , broadcast July 26 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Farid Esack ’s letter to the Palestinian people is spray - painted on Israel ’s wall in the Jerusalem area .
( Ben Melis/ Sendamessage.nl )
I have come to your land and I have recognized shades of my own .
My land was once one where some people imagined that they could build their security on the insecurity of others .
They claimed that their lighter skin and European origins gave them the right to dispossess those of a darker skin who lived in the land for thousands of years .
I come from a land where a group of people , the Afrikaners , were genuinely hurt by the British .
The British despised them and placed many of them into concentration camps .
Nearly a sixth of their population perished .
Then the Afrikaners said , “ Never again ! ”
And they meant that never again will harm come unto them with no regard to how their own humanity was tied to that of others .
In their hurt they developed an understanding of being God ’s chosen people destined to inhabit a Promised Land .
And thus they occupied the land , other people ’s land , and they built their security on the insecurity of black people .
Later they united with the children of their former enemies — now called “ the English . ”
The new allies , known simply as “ whites , ” pitted themselves against the blacks who were forced to pay the terrible price of dispossession , exploitation and marginalization as a result of a combination of white racism , Afrikaner fears and ideas of chosen - ness .
And , of course , there was the ancient crime of simple greed .
I come from apartheid South Africa .
Arriving in your land , the land of Palestine , the sense of deja vu is inescapable .
I am struck by the similarities .
In some ways , all of us are the children of our histories .
Yet , we may also choose to be struck by the stories of others .
Perhaps this ability is what is called morality .
We cannot always act upon what we see but we always have the freedom to see and to be moved .
I come from a land where people braved onslaughts of bulldozers , bullets , machine guns and tear gas for the sake of freedom .
We resisted at a time when it was not fashionable .
And now that we have been liberated everyone declares that they were always on our side .
It ’s a bit like Europe after the Second World War .
During the war only a few people resisted .
After the war not a single supporter of the Nazis could be found and the vast majority claimed that they always supported the resistance to the Nazis .
I am astonished at how ordinarily decent people whose hearts are otherwise “ in the right place ” beat about the bush when it comes to Israel and the dispossession and suffering of the Palestinians .
And now I wonder about the nature of “ decency . ”
Do “ objectivity , ” “ moderation , ” and seeing “ both sides ” not have limits ?
Is moderation in matters of clear injustice really a virtue ?
Do both parties deserve an “ equal hearing ” in a situation of domestic violence — wherein a woman is beaten up by a male who was abused by his father some time ago — because he , too , is a “ victim ? ”
We call upon the world to act now against the dispossession of the Palestinians .
We must end the daily humiliation at checkpoints , the disgrace of an Apartheid Wall that cuts people off from their land , livelihood and history , and act against the torture , detention without trial and targeted killings of those who dare to resist .
Our humanity demands that we who recognize evil in its own time act against it even when it is “ unsexy ” to do so .
Such recognition and action truly benefits our higher selves .
We act in the face of oppression , dispossession , or occupation so that our own humanity may not be diminished by our silence when some part of the human family is being demeaned .
If something lessens your worth as a human being , then it lessens mine as well .
To act in your defense is really to act in defense of my “ self ” — whether my higher present self or my vulnerable future self .
Morality is about the capacity to be moved by interests beyond one ’s own ethnic group , religious community , or nation .
When one ’s view of the world and dealings with others are entirely shaped by self - centeredness — whether in the name of religion , survival , security , or ethnicity — then it is really only a matter of time before one also becomes a victim .
While invoking “ real life ” or realpolitik as values themselves , human beings mostly act in their own self - interest even as they seek to deploy a more ethically - based logic in doing so .
Thus , while it is oil or strategic advantage that you are after , you may invoke the principle of spreading democracy , or you may justify your exploitation of slavery with the comforting rationalization that the black victims of the system might have died of starvation if they had been left in Africa .
Being truly human — a mensch — is something different .
It is about the capacity to transcend narrow interests and to understand how a deepening of humanness is linked to the good of others .
When apartness is elevated to dogma and ideology , when apartness is enforced through the law and its agencies , this is called apartheid .
When certain people are privileged simply because they are born to a certain ethnic group and use these privileges to dispossess and discriminate against others then this is called apartheid .
Regardless of how genuine the trauma that gave birth to it and regardless of the religious depth of the exclusivist beliefs underpinning it all , it is called apartheid .
How we respond to our own trauma and to the indifference or culpability of the world never justifies traumatizing others or an indifference to theirs .
Apartness then not only becomes a foundation for ignorance of the other with whom one shares a common space .
It also becomes a basis for denying the suffering and humiliation that the other undergoes .
We do not deny the trauma that the oppressors experienced at any stage in their individual or collective lives ; we simply reject the notion that others should become victims as a result of it .
We reject the manipulation of that suffering for expansionist political and territorial purposes .
We resent having to pay the price of dispossession because an imperialist power requires a reliable ally in this part of the world .
As South Africans , speaking up about the life or death for the Palestinian people is also about salvaging our own dream of a moral society that will not be complicit in the suffering of other people .
There are , of course , other instances of oppression , dispossession and marginalization in the world .
Yet , none of these are as immediately recognizable to us who lived under , survived and overcame apartheid .
Indeed , for those of us who lived under South African apartheid and fought for liberation from it and everything that it represented , Palestine reflects in many ways the unfinished business of our own struggle .
Thus , I and numerous others who were involved in the struggle against apartheid have come here and we have witnessed a place that in some ways reminds us of what we have suffered through .
Archbishop Desmond Tutu is of course correct when he speaks about how witnessing the conditions of the Palestinians “ reminded me so much of what happened to us black people in South Africa … I say why are our memories so short ?
Have our Jewish sisters and brothers forgotten their humiliation ? ”
But yet in more ways than one , here in your land , we are seeing something far more brutal , relentless and inhuman than what we have ever seen under apartheid .
In some ways , my brothers and sisters , I am embarrassed that you have to resort to using a word that was earlier on used specifically for our situation , in order to draw attention to yours .
White South Africa did of course seek to control blacks .
However it never tried to deny black people their very existences or to wish them away completely as we see here .
We have not experienced military occupation without any rights for the occupied .
We were spared the barbaric and diverse forms of collective punishment in the forms of house demolitions , the destruction of orchards belonging to relatives of suspected freedom fighters , or the physical transfer of these relatives themselves .
South Africa ’s apartheid courts never legitimized torture .
White South Africans were never given a carte blanche to humiliate black South Africans as the settlers here seem to have .
The craziest apartheid zealots would never have dreamed of something as macabre as this wall .
The apartheid police never used kids as shields in any of their operations .
Nor did the apartheid army ever use gunships and bombs against largely civilian targets .
In South Africa the whites were a stable community and after centuries simply had to come to terms with black people .
( Even if it were only because of their economic dependence on black people . )
The Zionist idea of Israel as the place for the ingathering for all the Jews — old and new , converts , reverts and reborn — is a deeply problematic one .
In such a case there is no sense of compulsion to reach out to your neighbor .
The idea seems to be to get rid of the old neighbors — ethnic cleansing — and to bring in new ones all the time .
We as South Africans resisting apartheid understood the invaluable role of international solidarity in ending centuries of oppression .
Today we have no choice but to make our contribution to the struggle of the Palestinians for freedom .
We do so with the full awareness that your freedom will also contribute to the freedom of many Jews to be fully human in the same way that the end of apartheid also signaled the liberation of white people in South Africa .
At the height of our own liberation struggle , we never ceased to remind our people that our struggle for liberation is also for the liberation of white people .
Apartheid diminished the humanity of white people in the same way that gender injustice diminishes the humanity of males .
The humanity of the oppressor is reclaimed through liberation and Israel is no exception in this regard .
At public rallies during the South African liberation struggle the public speaker of the occasion would often call out : “ An injury to one ! ” and the crowd would respond : “ Is an injury to all ! ”
We understood that in a rather limited way at that time .
Perhaps we are destined to always understand this in a limited way .
What we do know is that an injury to the Palestinian people is an injury to all .
An injury inflicted on others invariably comes back to haunt the aggressors ; it is not possible to tear at another ’s skin and not to have one ’s own humanity simultaneously diminished in the process .
In the face of this monstrosity , the Apartheid Wall , we offer an alternative : solidarity with the people of Palestine .
We pledge our determination to walk with you in your struggle to overcome separation , to conquer injustice and to put end to greed , division and exploitation .
We have seen that our yesterday ’s oppressed — both in apartheid South Africa and in Israel today — can become today ’s oppressors .
Thus we stand by you in your vision to create a society wherein everyone , regardless of their ethnicity , or religion , shall be equal and live in freedom .
We continue to draw strength from the words of Nelson Mandela , the father of our nation and hero of the Palestinian people .
In 1964 he was found guilty on charges of treason and faced the death penalty .
He turned to the judges and said : “ I have fought against white domination , and I have fought against black domination .
I have cherished the ideal of a democratic and free society in which all persons live together in harmony and with equal opportunities .
It is an ideal which I hope to live for and to achieve .
But if need be , it is an ideal for which I am prepared to die . ”
Farid Esack is a writer , scholar and human rights activist , well - known for his opposition to apartheid and his appoinment by Nelson Mandela as a gender equity commissioner .
He has taught at many universities , including Harvard University and Xavier University in the US , the University of the Western Cape in South Africa and Vrije Universiteit in Amsterdam .
At the request of Sendamessage.nl , Esack wrote this open letter that has been sprayed entirely on the wall in Palestine .
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
Brazing has always been one of the most versatile and useful methods to join metals but until recent years , the equipment was bulky and expensive .
Back in the days when I started brazing and welding metals one could expect to pay $ 500 or more just for the torch , tips , hoses and gauges .
Then one would have to put out several hundred dollars mores for the tanks and the acetylene and oxygen gasses .
Today one can get started with a MAPP gas / Oxygen torch set that will cost less than $ 80 .
The Benzomatic Oxygen MAPP gas brazing / welding / cutting torch 2V8 is a good starter rig .
Granted this outfit does n’t have the brazing / welding / cutting capacity of a full size oxy - acetylene rig but it perfectly capable of cutting metals up to ¼ ” thick .
It ’s perfect for the hobbyist and occasional metal worker .
Besides the Benzomatic torch set you will need the following basic tools and supplies
Wire brush ( hand or powered ) for cleaning the metal Emery cloth for cleaning and prepping the metal Assorted clamps for securing the metal parts to be brazed Hacksaw ( hand or powered ) Brazing rods Brazing flux Flux filler rods Goggles Welding gloves
Before I get into how brazing is different from soldering , silver soldering and welding , I want to spend a few minutes talking about general safety practices when using a torch .
I may have covered some of these rules in my article on working with copper pipes and in my article on silver soldering but a little refresher never hurt anyone .
1. Read the instruction manual that comes with your torch .
The instruction booklet that comes with the 2V8 gives detailed instructions on how to set the torch up and how to adjust the flame for various soldering , brazing , welding and cutting tasks .
Do not attempt to use the torch before reading the instructions
2 . This may seem like common sense but I feel compelled to mention this safety rules because , as someone once said , “ common sense is the most uncommon thing in the world . ”
Always keep torches out of the reach of children ; never use them to light a cigarette ; and never point them at anyone
3 . Always disconnect the torch from the fuel tanks when not in use
4 . Never attempt to modify a torch or used it with fuels that it was not designed to be used with
5 . Be especially careful when using a torch on a bright sunny day because the bright sunlight can make the flame invisible
6 . Be especially careful when using a torch in a windy environment because the wind can carry the flame back towards you , the hoses , or towards some other flammable substance
7 . When using a torch near combustible materials , like a wood wall or wood framing members , use a heat shield
8 . Never use a damaged or leaking torch
9 . Always wear goggles having an ANSI Z87.1 1979 shade No.4 or No.5 lens when brazing
10 .
Always work in a well - ventilated area .
Always avoid inhaling the fumes from the flux rods and the fumes given of by the metal being brazed .
Wear a respirator if necessary
11 . Avoid skin contact with the flux
12 . Always place your work piece on fire bricks or some other noncombustible material
13 . Always wear welding gloves and other protective clothing
14 . Never ever , use a torch to repair a gas tank or some other container that held combustible materials .
Gas tanks can be repaired but it ’s best left to the professionals who have the proper equipment to pressurize them with nitrogen gas before welding or brazing them .
Nitrogen is a combustion suppressor
15 . Always have a fire extinguisher close at hand
16 . Never use a torch with the tank setting at less than a 60 degree angle
How does brazing differ from welding
Unlike welding , brazing does n’t involve melting the base metal , the metal being joined , therefore it ’s performed at much lower temperatures .
Brazing temperatures vary in the range of 1150 °F to 1600 °F ( 620 °C to 870 °C ) whereas when welding the temperatures vary from 1981 °F to 2500 °F ( 1083 °C to 1370 °C ) .
Welding joins the work pieces by melting the base metals and then fusing the two pieces together .
Brazing , on the other hand join the work pieces by creating a metallurgical bridge between the filler rod material and the two work pieces being joined .
In brazing , the heat is applied directly to the base metals .
When the base metal is at the proper temperature the filler metal rod is touched to the metal where it immediately melts and it ’s drawn into the joint by capillary action .
In that respect brazing is quite similar to the silver soldering process where the silver solder is drawn into the joint by capillary action .
The advantages of a brazed joint
1 . A brazed joint , like a properly welded joint , is a great deal stronger than a silver solder joint .
When properly brazed a joint is as strong as the base metal itself , and in many cases the joint can be stronger than the base metal
2 . Since the base metals does n’t melt during the brazing process there ’s less chance of causing irreparable damage to metals being joined
3 . Unlike welding , most people can master the basics after only a few hours of practice whereas with welding it can take days or weeks to master the basics
4 . Brazing requires less expensive equipment
5 . Brazed joints are much neater appearing than welded joints
Hands - on practice
Before tackling an actual repair job get in a few hours practice using scrap metal that can be found around your shop or purchased at a salvage yard .
Start with a few pieces of 1/8 ” scrap boilerplate ( sheet iron ) .
Make several different joints during practice .
Join two pieces in the same plane .
Join two pieces so one is perpendicular to the other .
I ’ll walk you through the first one .
Then you are on your own to learn at your own pace .
1. Clean both pieces of metal to be joined with a wire brush or emery paper .
Dirty metal cannot be brazed properly
2. Clamp the two cleaned work pieces tightly together making the seam to be brazed as tiny as possible .
Double check the alignment and tightness before proceeding because once the metal is heated it will be too hot to make any kind of adjustments
3 . Light and adjust the flame of your torch according to the instructions that came with it .
The flame should be small
4. Holding the torch tip 1 ” from the metal , begin heating while moving the torch tip in a circular motion
5 . After heating the joint for a few seconds , use a flux rod to sprinkle flux over the area to be joined .
This flux will remove all the oxides from the metal
6 . When the metal has reached the proper temperature to be brazed , it and the flame will glow a dull red
7 . Touch the metal filler rod to the metal and direct the flame ahead of the melting rod
8. Continue heating the joint evenly , moving the flame in a zigzag pattern while depositing flux until the two pieces mold together
9 . After the pieces cools , chip away the excess hardened flux
After making a few practice runs on scrap , you should be ready for your first real project .
Advertisements
Right wing talk radio led by Rush Limbaugh has spent the day freaking out over Al Franken ’s victory in the Minnesota U.S. Senate Race .
Limbaugh called Franken , “ a genuine lunatic . ”
Fox News Radio ’s Brian and the Judge referred to Franken as , ” hateful , maniacal , angry , and evil . ”
While Jim Quinn claimed that ACORN stole the election for Franken .
Here is the audio courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
Limbaugh said , “ Republicans are not reaching period .
The Republicans ca n’t stop anything , and now that the Democrats have a 60th vote in the name of a genuine lunatic in the Senate , there ’s nothing that can be done to stop them if they stay unified . ”
Here is the audio from Brian and the Judge :
Brian Kilmeade said , “ Explain to me people of Minnesota , how you could do something that is such an embarrassment to America .
To put this hateful character into the U.S. Senate who is a clown of a person , who is maniacal by nature , and ran as a comedian .
You do n’t like Norm Coleman that ’s one thing , but for you to sit there and vote for Al Franken , I do n’t get it . ”
Here is Jim Quinn on The War Room with Quinn and Rose :
Quinn said , “ Al Franken is going to be the new face of the Democratic Party .
Congratulations guys , you ’re stuck with him , but let us not forget the role that ACORN played in this , because what ’s happened here is that this election ’s been stolen .
We told you it from Day one .
Norm Coleman was over 700 votes ahead … They swarm the whole system .
I told you they were going to do this , and they did it .
They kept counting until they found the votes , and of course , the Supreme Court of Minnesota is so liberal , they ’re not going to look into it . ”
Do you think that the right wing is a little bitter about this loss ?
If Al Franken is a lunatic or a hateful maniac , what does that make Rep. Michele Bachmann ( R- MN ) ?
The right wing has hated Franken for years , and with good reason .
He was just as loud and obnoxious as they are .
The difference is that Franken has reinvented himself since he became a candidate .
I used to find the style of comedian / commentator Al Franken very annoying , but candidate Al Franken was very good .
Franken ’s election to the U.S. Senate is literally driving the right wing media insane with rage .
As long as Barack Obama is running the show Franken will never be the face of the Democratic Party .
Since talk radio ca n’t damage Obama , expect them to go hard after Franken .
" The initial success is because we have put quality over quantity in the early stage .
As we steadily roll out the diploma to more parts of the country , it 's right that we build awareness amongst young people of all the options available to them . "
The saga of the Parliamentary Standards Bill continues .
On my way to a meeting this morning , a former Labour Cabinet minister saw me to say what an awful Bill it was .
This afternoon , a senior cross - bench peer summed up his view of the Bill and the way it was being dealt with .
He was succinct : “ What a shambles ” .
His view appears to be widely held .
The Bill has a second day in committee tomorrow .
The fact that it has a second day is not a concession but a necessity .
We are dealing with the content , but fundamental problems remain in terms of the process .
The first and fundamental point is that no clear case has been made for rushing it through .
The justification given by the Leader of the House last week was “ The public want action and they want it now ” .
In other words , the ‘ something must be done ’ approach .
The public may want action , but neither the Government nor anyone who voted with them to fast - track the Bill have offered evidence that this Bill constitutes the action that the public want .
There has been no time to consult them .
The second point is that no clear reason has been offered as to why it is necessary ahead of the report of the Committee on Standards in Public Life .
This point is actually becoming stronger in light of the amendments accepted by the Government .
The more the Bill becomes primarily a measure for creating a body to administer pay and allowances , the less obvious the reason for pre-empting the recommendations of the Committee .
What if the Committee recommends ( as it may ) a flat - rate salary and no allowances for MPs ?
What then do we do ?
The third point is the obvious one that the House is being denied adequate time for reflection .
The Bill went into committee yesterday .
The previous day , a letter from the Leader of the House was circulated , accompanied by the amendments that the Government was tabling .
This gave hardly any time for members to consider them .
Then early Monday evening we were told the Government were tabling more amendments !
There is a second day in committee tomorrow : that is , Thursday .
The Government want the House to take Report stage and Third Reading on Monday – a gap of one working day between Committee and Report stage – with any ping pong between the Houses taking place on Tuesday , the last day of sitting before the summer recess .
We are legislating in haste – setting aside our normal rules – and for no clearly demonstrated reason .
We may have been given a reason for a Bill , but not for this Bill .
We may make the Bill less bad between now and next week , but that does n’t address the fundamental point that we do n’t know why we are passing it .
This is no way to legislate .
A leading Australian microbiologist says it is confusing for the public to have different levels of swine flu alert across the country .
Last week Victoria lifted its pandemic alert from the " contain " phase to the " sustain " phase , allowing authorities to protect the most vulnerable rather than trying to contain the virus .
Federal health authorities will meet tomorrow to discuss whether other states and territories should change their alert levels .
Head of microbiology at the Canberra Hospital , Professor Peter Collignon , says all states should follow Victoria 's lead .
" This is a virus that is less severe than what we get every season in winter , " he said .
" We should be adopting the approach that Canada has , most of the US has , and now Victoria , and treat this essentially as seasonal influenza , monitor what is going on and only change our practice if the virus changes . "
There are now more than 1,200 cases of the virus in Australia , most of them in Victoria .
Federal Health Minister Nicola Roxon says officials will consider whether the response is appropriate .
" As early as tomorrow it is possible that those alert levels will change because we need to have ongoing discussions about whether it is appropriate , given the numbers , given the way the disease is spreading , to continue to have jurisdictions on different phases , " she said .
" But obviously this situation changes daily , and we need to ensure that we act upon the advice that is given to us . "
My late father and I share the blame ( with many others ) for the murder of Dr. George Tiller the abortion doctor gunned down on Sunday .
Until I got out of the religious right ( in the mid-1980s ) and repented of my former hate - filled rhetoric I was both a leader of the so - called pro-life movement and a part of a Republican Party hate machine masquerading as the moral conscience of America .
... When evangelicals on the right call President Obama a socialist , a racist , anti-American , an abortionist , not a real American , and , echoing the former Vice President , someone who is weakening America 's defenses and making us less safe , the logical conclusion is violence .
If you take these words literally you might pull the trigger to " make America safe " and / or free us from communism or to even protect us from -- what some " Christian " leaders claim -- Obama as the Antichrist .
Frank Schaeffer , author of , blew the whistle on the murderous domestic terrorist network that is ripping our country apart .
The video below is extremely powerful -- and very revealing .
Yesterday Schaeffer wrote a post for HuffPo , How I ( And Other " Pro- Life " Leaders ) Contributed To Dr. Tiller 's Murder
He apologized : " I am very sorry , " he wrote .
It 's more than a far worse culprit in this case , Fox News ' Bill O'Reilly has done .
Schaeffer blames himself -- as well as his father , the far right maniac " Dr. Francis Schaeffer , Dr. C. Everett Koop , who became Reagan 's Surgeon General , members of the Republican Party who worked with us to make abortion part of the Republican agenda , the Roman Catholic allies that we had ...
We talked and our talk got more and more extreme and less and less democratic ...
This is what helps unhinge a society .
" OK , but it 's nothing compared to the 24/7 worth of Hate Talk Radio and Fox TV -- Limbaugh , Coulter , Ingraham , Dobbs , Hannity , Imus , Liddy , Beck , Savage ... the whole slew of them poisoning America from within , infecting our society with racism , xenophobia , misogyny , homophobia ... all the divisive Republican Party values .
Today John Amato sent me a video to look at .
It sickened me and it reminded me of why I never watch Fox .
I do n't even know where it is on my TV set .
Just one course lie after another without any grounding in factuality , in this case directing their vitriol towards working people and unions .
Having this right wing hatred being spewed over the public airwaves is a disservice to America and to decency .
You ’ve seen them .
Those tag clouds in the right - hand column of Web sites with jumbled type of varying weight and size indicating the relative usage of words .
Tag clouds may be the most common example of an emerging field known as “ information visualization , ” an offshoot of graphic design devoted to the clear display of complex information .
Executive pay in relation to shareholder returns .
Senate voting patterns .
The geographic location of cell phones .
Similarities among rock albums .
Graphic designers are mapping over the known world and posting their graphic interpretations on sites like Visual Complexity .
advertisement
advertisement
Visualization got a big boost during the political season from newspapers and networks .
On March 24 , CNN aired what it claimed was the largest ever tag cloud composed from President Obama ’s press conference that day .
If we ’re going to live in a world driven by data , the thinking goes , we need a simple means of digesting it all .
We are increasingly a visual society , and our understanding of the world is increasingly made possible by this new visual language .
Visualization has been used prominently , and to dazzling effect , at The New York Time s , where a collaboration of art directors and programmers turns masses of data into intuitive displays , like the interactive map of the swine virus shown above .
advertisement
Another example : the Tokyo firm Information Architects created this Web Trend Map which presents the most popular Internet sites in the intelligible graphic language of a subway system .
Designers have historically excelled at finding insightful ways of looking at complex problems .
Visualization will likely play a prominent role as design evolves beyond the consumer economy ( selling $ 2,000 poufs and other high - end furnishings ) and helps create efficient new forms of buildings , food distribution and transportation .
For example , it ’s likely that New York and other major U.S. cities will experiment with systems that monitor traffic patterns in real time and manage the use of lanes and access accordingly .
A project like that would hinge on our ability to map patterns as they happen , along with the alternatives and consequences .
It ’s a big undertaking , but the benefits are considerable :
In Stockholm a system that tracks the movement of every car has reduced carbon emissions by 25 % .
advertisement
Visualization may play a big role in wising up consumers .
In the future , we ’re told , sensors will pick up tiny bits of info on every aspect of our lives and they will be played back to us as graphics .
The smart grid , for example , will read the energy use in your home and send back understandable displays suggesting how you might save money by , say , waiting an hour to turn on your air conditioner or reducing your thermostat by two degrees .
It will be up to architects to imbed this feature in the home in a way that allows us to interact more efficiently with our surroundings .
You might think of visualization as the antithesis of Power Point , which sometimes seems to make us dumber .
Six years ago , Edward Tufte , a Big Thinker in the field of information graphics , issued a 28 - page pamphlet that dumped on Power Point as “ a faux analysis ” that “ turns everything into a sales pitch . ”
Visualization does the opposite : it reflects the complexity of the world in simple terms .
It is a window onto the world , in all its digital complexity .
Though of course data can be skewed in deceitful and insidious ways .
Visualization is n’t just for RISD graduates .
You can create your own word clouds at a new site called Wordle .
Paste in a piece of text or enter a URL and Wordle creates a cloud of the most frequently occurring words .
Cavan and Jamie Hanna were , on paper , fairly unsuccessful property developers , living with their wives and children in townhouses in rural Kent .
Jamie 's annual income was £ 15,000 ; Cavan told the Inland Revenue he earned a more handsome , but hardly dizzying , £ 50,000 .
What the brothers did n't declare was that between them they ran one of Britain 's biggest drugs empires , earning up to £ 120 m a year in a professional operation that has all the hallmarks of a storyline from the US crime series The Wire .
For 10 years , the pair used safe - houses across south - east England to store and then sell wholesale amounts of cocaine , ecstasy and amphetamines to street - level dealers .
They would n't sell you less than £ 300,000 worth .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
They evaded capture for more than a decade , earning an estimated £ 1bn , by keeping their criminality close - knit .
The brothers used an uncle to store cash for them , a cousin to courier money , and an old school friend to look after the safe - houses .
The pair , along with six others , were finally arrested last year and are set to receive lengthy prison sentences today .
Their undoing , as the druglords in The Wire know all too well , was covert surveillance photographs and hidden microphones , which recorded conversations between the gang in their cars .
The investigation began in 2007 when officers from the Serious Organised Crime Agency ( Soca ) identified the Hannas ' cousin Stephen Mee , 51 , as a possible drugs suspect .
But they stumbled on the Hannas by chance .
Cavan Hanna , 39 , who regularly met Mee , had a previous conviction for drink - driving so when he was spotted in a car , police decided to stop him and search the vehicle .
Inside it , police found a booklet containing details of what they thought were drug deals but with this as their only evidence , Hanna was not arrested .
Instead they decided to widen their surveillance .
In a taped conversation , Cavan Hanna told Stephen Mee that he was in the clear and so continued his drug dealing .
More surveillance showed that the gang 's main safe - house was at a block of flats in Acton , west London .
There , in October 2007 , officers spotted Jon Bastable , 37 , a childhood friend of the Hannas , handing a hold - all to Raj Koli , a man recruited to launder money for the gang .
Koli , 33 , who had seemingly ignored the preference of the Hannas to maintain a low profile and only use modest hire cars , was stopped by police in his black Ferrari .
The hold - all contained £ 414,770 , sealed in plastic wrapping , which contained the fingerprints of Cavan Hanna .
Koli was arrested but , in order to allow the operation to continue , Bastable was not .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Sensing the authorities were closing in on them , the Hannas , like their counterparts in The Wire , " changed it up " .
They moved their safe - house and ordered Bastable to stop working .
Soca officers temporarily lost them .
They did not find them again until April 2008 when they identified a penthouse flat in Alderman House , Greenhithe , Kent .
The flat was in the name of Darren Rankin , who had been using motorcycles to deliver and collect cash from the Hanna operation .
On 10 June last year , officers for the first time saw the Hannas together with Rankin , 38 , and Bastable – and decided to arrest them .
When officers from Soca kicked down the door of the safe - house , they found the Hanna brothers and Bastable " knee deep " in £ 1.1 m worth of bank notes .
Two days later , the officers went to another of the Hannas ' safe - houses in Waterstone Park , Kent .
In the garage of the property was a man - hole cover .
The officers lifted the cover to find two safes which had been placed there in concrete .
Inside them , they found £ 2.7 m in cash .
The money was again sealed in plastic but , like the cash found in Koli 's car , it contained the fingerprints of a Hanna .
This time they were Jamie's .
The raid at Alderman House uncovered bills for a warehouse in Abbey Wood , south - east London .
So , on 13 June , officers raided this property .
There they found 15,000 ecstasy tablets and 80kg of amphetamine .
The drugs were worth £ 1 m .
CCTV footage from the building introduced the Soca team to Martin Winter , 46 , another member of the gang .
He had been hired by Mee and was the only member of the group to actually touch the drugs .
Officers said he was " sacrificial " in the Hannas ' plans .
Finally , officers visited the home of the Hannas ' uncle , George Webb , 61 , in Eltham , south - east London .
Jamie Hanna , 38 , had been spotted visiting the house and when it was searched , £ 650,000 was found in the water tank in the loft .
In total £ 5,131,211 was recovered , but officers say it is the tip of the iceberg .
A Soca officer , who cannot be named for operational security reasons , said : " We have never seen a Mr Big of this magnitude and the fact that they have pleaded guilty says a lot : organised criminals of this level do not plead guilty unless the evidence is very daunting . "
Stunning new technology allows parents to hold a life - size model of their unborn child
It 's a defining moment in a parent 's life :
Seeing their unborn child 's image on an ultrasound for the first time .
Now pregnant women could have the chance to hold a life - size model of their unborn baby .
The startling new medical technology is the result of a Royal College of Art design student 's PhD .
Your baby at 12 weeks old : A life - size model of a foetus created using imaging from an ultrasound scan
A 32 - week - old foetus is modelled from scanned images
Brazilian student Jorge Lopes has pioneered the conversion of data from ultrasound and MRI scans into life - size plaster models of living embryos using a method called rapid prototyping .
' It ’s amazing to see the faces of the mothers .
They can see the full scale of their baby , really understand the size of it , ' said Dr Lopes .
' The technology can be also be used as an emotional tool for parents whose foetus might be deformed or need treatment , ' added Hilary French , who heads the School of Architecture and Design Products .
A good way of understanding how rapid protoyping works is to imagine a printer that prints plastic powder instead of ink .
Then as it prints layer up layer it slowly builds up a 3D model .
Aine Duffy from the RCA said : ' It 's stunning technology - here at the RCA we use it for everything from new medical devices , to car components , to jewellery , to architectural models .'
A foetus at 21 weeks
And a foetus at 18 weeks
Dr Lopes ' work will be displayed at an exhibition opening at the RCA in London today .
The technology is currently being trialled at a clinic in Rio de Janeiro .
His supervisor , King 's College head of obstetrics Stuart Campbell , called the invention ' absolutely unique ' and ' a fantastic development ' .
Professor Campbell , who pioneered the use of ultrasound in the 1980s , also hoped the technology would help mothers - blind mothers in particular - to bond with their babies .
' I do n’t know whether I am looking at science or I am looking at art ' , commented an external examiner reviewing the student 's PhD viva .
Dr Lopes also modelled conjoined twins , above , and separated twins , below , from a CT scan and MRI
Dr Lopes , who is sponsored at the college by the Brazilian government , had begun his research by looking at how model - making had been used in practical ways over the centuries , Ms French said .
He started with mummies , then moved on to dinosaurs , then foetuses - leaving friends joking he had gone from ' mummies to mummies ' .
His work uses the latest computer techniques first exhibited by Ron Arad at an exhibition at the V&A at the turn of the century entitled Not Made By Hand , Not Made in China .
Sony ’s online community for the PlayStation3 will soon be getting a big dose of Q - Games love , in the shape of a new Home Space dedicated to the PixelJunk ( TM ) series .
We ’re working hard to bring PixelJunk ( TM ) Racers , PixelJunk ( TM ) Monsters , PixelJunk ( TM ) Eden and now PixelJunk ( TM ) Shooter to life in a stylish new Museum environment .
You ’ll be able to browse the latest movies of our games , hang out with other PixelJunk ( TM ) fans , and express yourself the PixelJunk way with some surprising new clothing items and accessories .
We ’re happy to reveal to our NewsLetter subscribers some screens of the new Home Museum right now !
Click the links below to take a look ( all screens are work - in - progress and copyright Q - Games Ltd . )
Special thanks to Eddie Haskell .
Conservationists have expressed dismay at the rapid growth in European cod farming following new figures released last week .
Norway , which accounts for around 80 % of the world 's farmed cod production , increased its national production by 59 % from 10,375 tonnes in 2007 to 16,523 tonnes in 2008 .
The figures , from the country 's Directorate of Fisheries confirm the rapid growth in the cod farming industry , but they have prompted fears from green groups that the expansion will lead to more escapes from farms and contamination of the gene pool of wild populations .
" We are very concerned at the current levels of cod farming , " said Nina Jensen , head of conservation at WWF Norway .
" No environmental impact studies of cod farms have been done , there are no restrictions on location , there are no restrictions on the protection of spawning grounds and there are lots of fish that escape . "
Around 228,000 cod escaped from Norwegian farms last year , compared with around 100,000 - odd salmon – even though the salmon farming industry is 60 times bigger than cod farming .
Cod are more exploratory by nature and so are better at finding their way out of nets .
When they escape , farmed cod may breed with their wild cousins and pass on disease .
" Farmed fish are more prone to diseases and parasites than wild fish .
So when cod escape from the farms , they could infect the wild populations , " said Dr Geir Lasse Taranger , a scientist at the Norwegian Institute of Marine Research .
Interbreeding could also reduce the wild gene pool .
" We need genetic variety to ensure the long - term survival of the species and we are losing genetic variety all the time , " he said .
" The growth in the cod industry should be chilled down until all the problems are sorted . "
The new figures confirm the booming growth of the commercial cod farming .
In Norway alone , it went from 248 tonnes in 2002 to 1,685 tonnes in 2004 and 5,519 tonnes in 2005 – overall , an increase of more than 6500 % in seven years .
Current world production , which takes place also in the US , Canada , Iceland and Denmark , is estimated at about 20,000 tonnes .
Defenders of cod farming , however , say the industry is one way to meet the growing demand for fish at a time when wild stocks are in decline around the world .
" Cod farming is definitely part of the solution , " said Henrik Vikjær Andersen , market director of Codfarmers , one of the world 's largest cod farming companies , based in Norway .
" We have exhausted pretty much all the possibilities for food production on land , so the opportunities to increase protein production definitely come from the sea and from aquaculture . "
" We provide stability and regularity because we can deliver 365 days a year , unlike wild cod , which depends on catches , " he said .
" It is also ultra - fresh because it is packed no more than four hours after it was taken out from the sea . "
Despite its phenomenal growth , cod farming is still a modest industry – the Norwegian salmon farming produced 742,000 tonnes of fish in 2008 .
And there have been many hiccups along the way .
Last year Shetland 's Johnson Seafarms , the world 's first organic cod farm , went into administration with debts of £ 40 m , partly because the production costs were too high .
Codfarmers has yet to make a profit and a major player in aquaculture , Marine Harvest , pulled out recently of cod farming .
One problem is the decrease in the price of wild cod , which makes farmed cod less attractive .
It has also proved difficult to develop a cod breed resistant enough to lice and disease or the fact that a high proportion of the cod cannot be grown to a big enough size to be sold .
Despite these problems , the industry hopes that cod farming can in future become as big as salmon farming is today .
" Twenty years ago I heard a researcher say that the Norwegian salmon industry could never produce more than 10,000 tonnes , " said Andersen .
" And now we are at more than 700,000 tonnes . "
In the next two to three years , Norway alone is hoping to increase its production to between 15,000 and 30,000 tonnes .
Advertisements
On his FNC program tonight Glenn Beck sat out one up Rush Limbaugh ’s statement that he wanted Obama to fail by going even further by saying that , “ I think Barack Obama does n’t want America to succeed . ”
Only Beck would claim that Obama is intentionally trying to make America less successful .
Here is the video courtesy of Media Matters :
Beck said , “ You tell me , I am a guy who on Election Day said look he is my president now , I do n’t agree with him .
I do n’t agree with his policies , but he is my president etc , etc .
Rush said on the radio that he did n’t want his policies to succeed .
He did n’t want his agenda to succeed .
He did n’t want these things because he felt they were bad for the country , well I do too , but I am going to go a step further than Rush Limbaugh , I think Barack Obama does n’t want America to succeed . ”
Advertisements
According to Beck , Obama ’s political strategy is to make sure that America is not successful .
Has n’t every incumbent first term president felt that the key to winning a second term in office is to make sure that the nation is as unsuccessful as possible ?
Glenn Beck is either mentally challenged or drinking again .
No president wants the nation to fail .
Failure has never been a path to political success , if it was then Bob Dole would have been a shoo - in for the White House .
Obama does n’t want the nation to fail .
People like Glenn Beck want the nation to fail , so that their apocalyptic visions of the future turn into reality .
Notice that his guess was a nut job in his own right , former Bush ambassador to the U.N. John Bolton .
Do Republicans hate America so much that they are rooting for its failure because they disagree with the man who happens to be president right now ?
Where has all of that post - 9/11 , pre-Iraq invasion patriotism gone ?
I guess Republicans are only patriotic when their party is in power .
Remember that Beck is a person who thinks that the U.S. is a direct democracy , so he is far from an expert , or even intelligent about these matters .
Mardan Palace Launch - Cocktail Reception
Hotelier Telman Ismailov dances with his family on one hundred dollar bills during a cocktail reception at the Mardan Palace Hotel on May 24 , 2009 in Antalya , Turkey .
Mariah Carey , Seal and Tom Jones have all been hired to perform at the launch of Europe 's most expensive luxury resort - the USD1.65 billion Mardan Palace Hotel on the Turkish Riviera .
( Photo by Chris Jackson / Getty Images ) * Local Caption * Telman Ismailov
This piece by Steve Benen reveals an important subtext to recent health care polling :
The latest NYT poll on health care shows 72 % support for a public option , which , under the circumstances , is a statistic with considerable political salience .
But looking through the poll , there was one other relevant detail to keep in mind .
Respondents were asked : “ Regardless of you personally vote , do you think the Republican Party or the Democratic Party is more likely to improve the health care system ? ”
A 57 % majority prefer Dems , while 18 % prefer Republicans .
The 18 % figure is tied for the lowest score for either party on this question since the NYT began asking it nearly two decades ago .
Adding insult to injury , “ Even one of four Republicans said the Democrats would do better ” improving health care for Americans .
I mention this , not to kick the GOP when it ’s down , but to reinforce the notion that “ bipartisanship ” need not be a goal unto itself .
Most Americans support the policy ideas Republican lawmakers hate , and most Americans trust Democrats to take the lead in improving the system .
And yet , Republican opposition and Democratic efforts at a “ bipartisan ” bill may scuttle the larger reform effort .
What an odd system .
Discount Mugs is the One Stop Shop for All of Your Promotional Needs
What are good promotional items ?
At DiscountMugs , we believe they 're tangible and powerful objects imprinted with your logo , unique artwork or text , that help create awareness about your brand or message .
Take a deep dive inside our world for quality custom promotional products at a price you can afford - we can help you create lasting impressions for your business , event or special occasion .
The leading supplier of promotional products in the United States , DiscountMugs carries thousands of custom items you can choose from and easily personalize with the help of our Design Lab .
You do n't have to be a designer to work with us .
Simply upload your artwork or select from our free clipart and template ideas - our online tools are designed to make the process easy and help bring your vision to life .
Whether you re looking to create awareness about your services or bring a smile to wedding guests during the reception , inexpensive personalized gifts can help make your gatherings unforgettable without hurting your wallet .
Browse our extensive collection of quality custom promotional products to create fun party favors and swag bags that meet the expectations of your audience .
Stop wishing you had a greater presence or reach , and start creating custom items that will have your audience talking about your brand or event long after its over .
Shop affordable promotional items today and Enjoy Guaranteed Low Prices , Fast Delivery Options and Free Shipping on most personalized items .
So , like I was going to the mall the other day to meet this chick and she had this really froopy friend .
I really dug the friend .
She was all like cool .
And I was all like cool .
And we hooked up .
Yesterday , my dog died , and I was really sad .
All that coolness was dead .
I went to work and drooled over the fries , but no one noticed , so I gave them to some jock with bad steroidacne , and he thought it was sauce .
Special sauce .
Hah .
That reminds me of when I was ten and I did a cartwheel off a building and landed on my face and I was bleeding everywhere and my brother was like Are you okay ?
And I was like Go get mom .
And he was like Are you okay ?
And I was like Go get mom .
I was losing a lot of my special sauce , and by that I mean blood .
It was so bloody man , you should have seen it , but you would probably have vomited or something , so maybe you should n't have seen it , but my teeth got knocked out and I broke my wrists , but it did n't hurt .
Hey , your mom is such a milf !
In a sentence : " Edit - I fixed your gigantigraph .
- mod " Another : " Could someone please make the troll do some line breaks ?
My eyes are bleeding from his gigantigraphs ! "
Jason Kidd has given the Dallas Mavericks a verbal commitment that he will re-sign with the team Wednesday .
Kidd , 36 , will receive a 3 - year , fully guaranteed contract worth in excess of $ 25 million .
" We are excited to have Jason Kidd back in a Mavs uniform , " Mavericks owner Mark Cuban told The Dallas Morning News .
" He was a major contributor for us last year , and we expect more of the same next year . "
Kidd elected to stay in Dallas in the face of a hard push from the New York Knicks , who last week offered Kidd the most they could ( $ 19 million over three years ) .
Signing Kidd for more than one season would have impacted the Knicks ' efforts to amass substantial salary - cap space for the summer of 2010 , when they 're expected to woo Cleveland 's LeBron James and at least one other top free agent .
Had the Knicks signed Kidd , pressure on Knicks president Donnie Walsh to trade either Eddy Curry or Jared Jeffries -- or both -- would have increased significantly , but sources say that Walsh and Knicks coach Mike D'Antoni felt that acquiring Kidd would have been worth such hassles because of their confidence in Kidd 's ability to change the Knicks ' culture .
Kidd 's interest in returning to the Atlantic Division was mutual , but the Mavericks were always considered favorites to re-sign him because they could comfortably exceed the Knicks ' max offer of three years at the projected midlevel exception of $ 5.8 million per year .
Although Kidd initially sent signals that he planned to take the full holiday weekend before making a decision , Dallas began inching closer to a deal Friday when Kidd and Cuban met at Cuban 's house .
Wednesday is the first day teams can formally sign free agents to new contracts after the NBA announces the salary - cap and luxury - tax figures for the 2009 - 10 season .
Marc Stein is a senior NBA writer for ESPN.com .
After threatening to sue gay blogs including Bilerico.com and Change.org , Rockstar Energy Drink is performing an about - face — and donating money to gay groups !
Founded by Russell Weiner , the son of bigot radio host Mike Savage , caffeine pusher Rockstar made defamation claims against the sites for intimating Rockstar is tied to Savage , and that Savage profits from Rockstar sales .
In fact , Savage only “ advised ” his son on the drink and not the company , the beverage maker now claims .
And rather than take a few websites to court , Rockstar has pounced on an opportunity to make nice with the community :
It says it will donate $ 100,000 cash , spread amongst the Gay and Lesbian Community Center of Southern Nevada , GLSEN , and the Trever Project .
( The company also notes in a release that it “ will continue to offer domestic partnership benefits to LGBT employees , a company policy that has been in place since ROCKSTAR Energy Drink was founded in 2000 . ” )
Listen up , corporations :
This is how you work with the gay community .
What we ’re impressed with is not only Rockstar ’s financial commitment to gay organizations , but that it became publicly angry over any connection made between the company and the vile person that is Mike Savage .
Sure , it was a response to bad PR , but it also could have sidestepped the connection between Savage and the company ’s founder .
No , threatening a lawsuit is not how to correct the matter , but we ’re glad to see a dialogue between Rockstar and the blogs bore this positive outcome .
Though , one ( rather significant ) question remains : Russell ’s mother Janet , who is married to Mike Savage , is still the CFO of the company , right ?
So in fact Savage does benefit from Rockstar ’s sales , if only because his wife draws a salary from the company .
In a press release , Russell says , “ On behalf of our company and directors , including myself and CFO Janet Weiner , I would like to take this opportunity to disavow any offensive statements directed toward LGBT people , including statements from Michael Savage . ”
We ’re still confused .
( Full press release here . )
( Photo via )
Modern health quacks are super salesmen .
They play on fear .
They cater to hope .
And once they have you , they ’ll keep you coming back for more . . . and more . . . and more .
Seldom do their victims realize how often or how skillfully they are cheated .
Does the mother who feels good as she hands her child a vitamin think to ask herself whether he really needs it ?
Do subscribers to “ health food ” publications realize that articles are slanted to stimulate business for their advertisers ?
Not usually .
Most people think that quackery is easy to spot .
Often it is not .
Its promoters wear the cloak of science .
They use scientific terms and quote ( or misquote ) scientific references .
Talk show hosts may refer to them as experts or as “ scientists ahead of their time . ”
The very word “ quack ” helps their camouflage by making us think of an outlandish character selling snake oil from the back of a covered wagon — and , of course , no intelligent people would buy snake oil nowadays , would they ?
Well , maybe snake oil is n’t selling so well , lately .
But acupuncture ?
“ Organic ” foods ?
Hair analysis ?
The latest diet book ?
Megavitamins ?
“ Stress formulas ” ?
Cholesterol - lowering teas ?
Homeopathic remedies ?
Magnets ?
Nutritional “ cures ” for AIDS ?
Products that “ cleanse your system ” ?
Or shots to pep you up ?
Business is booming for health quacks .
Their annual take is in the billions !
Spot reducers , “ immune boosters , ” water purifiers , “ ergogenic aids , ” systems to “ balance body chemistry , ” special diets for arthritis .
Their product list is endless .
What sells is not the quality of their products , but their ability to influence their audience .
To those in pain , they promise relief .
To the incurable , they offer hope .
To the nutrition - conscious , they say , “ Make sure you have enough . ”
To a public worried about pollution , they say , “ Buy natural . ”
To one and all , they promise better health and longer life .
Modern quacks can reach people emotionally .
This article shows how they do it .
Appeals To Vanity
An attractive young airline stewardess once told a physician that she was taking more than 20 vitamin pills a day .
“ I used to feel run -down all the time , ” she said , “ but now I feel really great ! ”
“ Yes , ” the doctor replied , “ but there is no scientific evidence that extra vitamins can do that .
Why not take the pills one month on , one month off , to see whether they really help you or whether it ’s just a coincidence .
After all , $ 300 a year is a lot of money to be wasting . ”
“ Look , doctor , ” she said .
“ I do n’t care what you say .
I KNOW the pills are helping me . ”
How was this bright young lady converted into a true believer ?
First , an appeal to her curiosity persuaded her to try and see .
Then an appeal to her vanity convinced her to disregard scientific evidence in favor of personal experience — to think for herself .
Supplementation is encouraged by a distorted concept of biochemical individuality — that everyone is unique enough to disregard the Recommended Dietary Allowances ( RDAs ) .
Quacks wo n’t tell you that scientists deliberately set the RDAs high enough to allow for individual differences .
A more dangerous appeal of this type is the suggestion that although a remedy for a serious disease has not been shown to work for other people , it still might work for you .
( You are extraordinary ! )
A more subtle appeal to your vanity underlies the message of the TV ad quack :
Do it yourself — be your own doctor .
“ Anyone out there have ‘ tired blood ’ ? ” he used to wonder .
( Do n’t bother to find out what ’s wrong with you , however .
Just try my tonic . )
“ Troubled with irregularity ? ” he asks .
( Pay no attention to the doctors who say you do n’t need a daily movement .
Just use my laxative . )
“ Want to kill germs on contact ? ” ( Never mind that mouthwash does n’t prevent colds . )
“ Trouble sleeping ? ” ( Do n’t bother to solve the underlying problem .
Just try my sedative . )
Turning Customers into Salespeople
Most people who think they have been helped by an unorthodox method enjoy sharing their success stories with their friends .
People who give such testimonials are usually motivated by a sincere wish to help their fellow humans .
Rarely do they realize how difficult it is to evaluate a “ health ” product on the basis of personal experience .
Like the airline stewardess , the average person who feels better after taking a product will not be able to rule out coincidence ( spontaneous remission ) — or the placebo effect ( feeling better because he thinks he has taken a positive step ) .
Since we tend to believe what others tell us of personal experiences , testimonials can be powerful persuaders .
Despite their unreliability , they are the cornerstone of the quack ’s success .
Multilevel companies that sell nutritional products systematically turn their customers into salespeople .
“ When you share our products , ” says the sales manual of one such company , “ you ’re not just selling .
You ’re passing on news about products you believe in to people you care about .
Make a list of people you know ; you ’ll be surprised how long it will be .
This list is your first source of potential customers . ”
A sales leader from another company suggests , “ Answer all objections with testimonials .
That ’s the secret to motivating people ! ”
Do n’t be surprised if one of your friends or neighbors tries to sell you vitamins .
Millions of Americans have signed up as multilevel distributors .
Like many drug addicts , they become suppliers to support their habit .
A typical sales pitch goes like this : “ How would you like to look better , feel better and have more energy ?
Try my vitamins for a few weeks . ”
People normally have ups and downs , and a friend ’s interest or suggestion , or the thought of taking a positive step , may actually make a person feel better .
Many who try the vitamins will mistakenly think they have been helped — and continue to buy them , usually at inflated prices .
The Use of Fear
The sale of vitamins has become so profitable that some otherwise reputable manufacturers are promoting them with misleading claims .
For example , for many years , Lederle Laboratories ( makers of Stresstabs ) and Hoffmann - La Roche advertised in major magazines that stress “ robs ” the body of vitamins and creates a significant danger of vitamin deficiencies .
Another slick way for quackery to attract customers is the invented disease .
Virtually everyone has symptoms of one sort or another — minor aches or pains , reactions to stress or hormone variations , effects of aging , etc .
Labeling these ups and downs of life as symptoms of disease enables the quack to provide “ treatment . ”
Some practitioners claim to detect “ deficiencies ” ( or “ imbalances ” or “ toxins , ” etc. ) before any symptoms appear or before they can be detected by conventional means .
Then they can sell you supplements ( or balance you , or remove toxins , etc. ) .
And when the terrible consequences they warn about do n’t develop , they can claim success .
Food safety and environmental protection are important issues in our society .
But rather than approach them logically , the food quacks exaggerate and oversimplify .
To promote “ organic ” foods , they lump all additives into one class and attack them as “ poisonous . ”
They never mention that natural toxicants are prevented or destroyed by modern food technology .
Nor do they let on that many additives are naturally occurring substances .
Sugar has been subject to a particularly vicious attack , being ( falsely ) blamed for most of the world ’s ailments .
But quacks do more than warn about imaginary ailments .
They sell “ antidotes ” for real ones .
Care for some vitamin C to reduce the danger of smoking ?
Or some vitamin E to combat air pollutants ?
See your local super salesperson .
Quackery ’s most serious form of fear - mongering has been its attack on water fluoridation .
Although fluoridation ’s safety is established beyond scientific doubt , well - planned scare campaigns have persuaded thousands of communities not to adjust the fluoride content of their water to prevent cavities .
Millions of innocent children have suffered as a result .
Hope for Sale
Since ancient times , people have sought at least four different magic potions : the love potion , the fountain of youth , the cure - all , and the athletic superpill .
Quackery has always been willing to cater to these desires .
It used to offer unicorn horn , special elixirs , amulets , and magical brews .
Today ’s products are vitamins , bee pollen , ginseng , Gerovital , pyramids , “ glandular extracts , ” biorhythm charts , aromatherapy , and many more .
Even reputable products are promoted as though they are potions .
Toothpastes and colognes will improve our love life .
Hair preparations and skin products will make us look “ younger than our years . ”
Olympic athletes tell us that breakfast cereals will make us champions .
And youthful models reassure us that cigarette smokers are sexy and have fun .
False hope for the seriously ill is the cruelest form of quackery because it can lure victims away from effective treatment .
Even when death is inevitable , however , false hope can do great damage .
Experts who study the dying process tell us that while the initial reaction is shock and disbelief , most terminally ill patients will adjust very well as long as they do not feel abandoned .
People who accept the reality of their fate not only die psychologically prepared , but also can put their affairs in order .
On the other hand , those who buy false hope can get stuck in an attitude of denial .
They waste not only financial resources but what little remaining time they have left .
Clinical Tricks
The most important characteristic to which the success of quacks can be attributed is probably their ability to exude confidence .
Even when they admit that a method is unproven , they can attempt to minimize this by mentioning how difficult and expensive it is to get something proven to the satisfaction of the FDA these days .
If they exude self - confidence and enthusiasm , it is likely to be contagious and spread to patients and their loved ones .
Because people like the idea of making choices , quacks often refer to their methods as “ alternatives . ”
Correctly employed , it can refer to aspirin and Tylenol as alternatives for the treatment of minor aches and pains .
Both are proven safe and effective for the same purpose .
Lumpectomy can be an alternative to radical mastectomy for breast cancer .
Both have verifiable records of safety and effectiveness from which judgments can be drawn .
Can a method that is unsafe , ineffective , or unproven be a genuine alternative to one that is proven ?
Obviously not .
Quacks do n’t always limit themselves to phony treatment .
Sometimes they offer legitimate treatment as well — the quackery is promoted as something extra .
One example is the “ orthomolecular ” treatment of mental disorders with high dosages of vitamins in addition to orthodox forms of treatment .
Patients who receive the “ extra ” treatment often become convinced that they need to take vitamins for the rest of their life .
Such an outcome is inconsistent with the goal of good medical care which should be to discourage unnecessary treatment .
Another clever trick is to include their product or procedure in a list of otherwise commonly - accepted practices in order to promote it by association .
They may say , for example that their method works best when combined with lifestyle changes ( which , quite often , will produce tangible benefits ) .
The one - sided coin is a related ploy .
When patients on combined ( orthodox and quack ) treatment improve , the quack remedy ( e.g. , laetrile ) gets the credit .
If things go badly , the patient is told that he arrived too late , and conventional treatment gets the blame .
Some quacks who mix proven and unproven treatment call their approach complementary or integrative therapy .
Quacks also capitalize on the natural healing powers of the body by taking credit whenever possible for improvement in a patient ’s condition .
One multilevel company — anxious to avoid legal difficulty in marketing its herbal concoction — makes no health claims whatsoever .
“ You take the product , ” a spokesperson suggests on the company ’s introductory videotape , “ and tell me what it does for you . ”
An opposite tack — shifting blame — is used by many cancer quacks .
If their treatment does n’t work , it ’s because radiation and / or chemotherapy have “ knocked out the immune system . ”
Another selling trick is the use of weasel words .
Quacks often use this technique in suggesting that one or more items on a list is reason to suspect that you may have a vitamin deficiency , a yeast infection , or whatever else they are offering to fix .
The disclaimer is a related tactic .
Instead of promising to cure your specific disease , some quacks will offer to “ cleanse ” or “ detoxify ” your body , balance its chemistry , release its “ nerve energy , ” bring it in harmony with nature , or do other things to “ help the body to heal itself . ”
This type of disclaimer serves two purposes .
Since it is impossible to measure the processes the quack describes , it is difficult to prove him wrong .
In addition , if the quack is not a physician , the use of nonmedical terminology may help to avoid prosecution for practicing medicine without a license .
Books espousing unscientific practices typically suggest that the reader consult a doctor before following their advice .
This disclaimer is intended to protect the author and publisher from legal responsibility for any dangerous ideas contained in the book .
Both author and publisher know full well , however , that most people wo n’t ask their doctor .
If they wanted their doctor ’s advice , they probably would n’t be reading the book in the first place .
Sometimes the quack will say , “ You may have come to me too late , but I will try my best to help you . ”
That way , if the treatment fails , you have only yourself to blame .
Patients who see the light and abandon quack treatment may also be blamed for stopping too soon .
The “ money - back guarantee ” is a favorite trick of mail - order quacks .
Most have no intention of returning any money — but even those who are willing know that few people will bother to return the product .
Another powerful persuader — something for nothing — is standard in ads promising effortless weight loss .
It is also the hook of the telemarketer who promises a “ valuable free prize ” as a bonus for buying a water purifier , a six - month supply of vitamins , or some other health or nutrition product .
Those who bite receive either nothing or items worth far less than their cost .
Credit card customers may also find unauthorized charges to their account .
Another potent technique is cultural association , in which promoters ally themselves with religious or other cultural beliefs by associating their product or service with an article of faith or prejudice of their target audience .
In a contest for patient satisfaction , art will beat science nearly every time .
Quacks are masters at the art of delivering health care .
The secret to this art is to make the patient believe that he is cared about as a person .
To do this , quacks lather love lavishly .
One way this is done is by having receptionists make notes on the patients ’ interests and concerns in order to recall them during future visits .
This makes each patient feel special in a very personal sort of way .
Some quacks even send birthday cards to every patient .
Although seductive tactics may give patients a powerful psychological lift , they may also encourage over - reliance on an inappropriate therapy .
Psychologist Anthony R. Pratkanis , Ph.D. , has identified nine strategies used to sell pseudoscientific beliefs and practices [ Pratkanis AR .
How to sell a pseudoscience , Skeptical Inquirer 19 ( 4):19 - 25 , 1995 . ] .
They include setting phantom goals ( such as better health , peace of mind , or improved sex life ) , making statements that tend to inspire trust ( “ supported by over 100 studies ” ) , and fostering grandfalloons ( proud and otherwise meaningless associations of people who share rituals , beliefs , jargon , goals , feelings , specialized information , and “ enemies ” ) .
Multilevel sales groups , nutrition cultists , and crusaders for “ alternative ” treatments fit this description well .
Handling the Opposition
Quacks are involved in a constant struggle with legitimate health care providers , mainstream scientists , government regulatory agencies and consumer protection groups .
Despite the strength of this science - based opposition , quackery manages to flourish .
To maintain their credibility , quacks use a variety of clever propaganda ploys .
Here are some favorites :
“ They persecuted Galileo ! ”
The history of science is laced with instances where great pioneers and their discoveries were met with resistance .
Harvey ( nature of blood circulation ) , Lister ( antiseptic technique ) and Pasteur ( germ theory ) are notable examples .
Today ’s quack boldly asserts that he is another example of someone ahead of his time .
Close examination , however , will show how unlikely this is .
First of all , the early pioneers who were persecuted lived during times that were much less scientific .
In some cases , opposition to their ideas stemmed from religious forces .
Secondly , it is a basic principle of the scientific method that the burden of proof belongs to the proponent of a claim .
The ideas of Galileo , Harvey , Lister and Pasteur overcame their opposition because their soundness can be demonstrated .
A related ploy , which is a favorite with cancer quacks , is the charge of “ conspiracy . ”
How can we be sure that the AMA , the FDA , the American Cancer Society , drug companies and others are not involved in some monstrous plot to withhold a cancer cure from the public ?
To begin with , history reveals no such practice in the past .
The elimination of serious diseases is not a threat to the medical profession — doctors prosper by curing diseases , not by keeping people sick .
It should also be apparent that modern medical technology has not altered the zeal of scientists to eliminate disease .
When polio was conquered , iron lungs became virtually obsolete , but nobody resisted this advancement because it would force hospitals to change .
Neither will medical scientists mourn the eventual defeat of cancer .
Moreover , how could a conspiracy to withhold a cancer cure hope to be successful ?
Many physicians die of cancer each year .
Do you believe that the vast majority of doctors would conspire to withhold a cure for a disease that affects them , their colleagues and their loved ones ?
To be effective , a conspiracy would have to be worldwide .
If laetrile , for example , really worked , many other nations ’ scientists would soon realize it .
Claims of “ suppression ” are used to market publications as well as treatments .
Many authors and publishers purport to offer information that your doctor , the AMA , and / or government agencies “ do n’t want you to know about . ”
Organized quackery poses its opposition to medical science as a “ philosophical conflict ” or “ paradigm shift , ” rather than a clash between proven versus unproven or fraudulent methods .
This creates the illusion of a “ holy war ” rather than a conflict that could be resolved by examining the facts .
Another diversionary tactic is to charge that quackery ’s critics are biased or have been bought off by drug companies .
Quacks like to charge that , “ Science does n’t have all the answers . ”
That ’s true , but it does n’t claim to have them .
Rather , it is a rational and responsible process that can answer many questions — including whether procedures are safe and effective for their intended purpose .
It is quackery that constantly claims to have answers for incurable diseases .
The idea that people should turn to quack remedies when frustrated by science ’s inability to control a disease is irrational .
Science may not have all the answers , but quackery has no answers at all !
It will take your money and break your heart .
Many treatments advanced by the scientific community are later shown to be unsafe or worthless .
Doctors also make mistakes .
Such failures become grist for organized quackery ’s public relations mill in its ongoing attack on science .
Actually , “ failures ” reflect a key element of science : its willingness to test its methods and beliefs and abandon those shown to be invalid .
True medical scientists have no philosophical commitment to particular treatment approaches , only a commitment to develop and use methods that are safe and effective for an intended purpose .
When a quack remedy flunks a scientific test , its proponents merely reject the test .
Each of these ploys represents a basic technique called misdirection — analogous to what magicians do to shift the audience ’s attention away from what is important in order to deceive them .
When faced with a criticism they cannot meet head on , quacks simply change the topic .
How to Avoid Being Tricked
The best way to avoid being tricked is to stay away from tricksters .
Unfortunately , in health matters , this is no simple task .
Quackery is not sold with a warning label .
Moreover , the dividing line between what is quackery and what is not is by no means sharp .
A product that is effective in one situation may be part of a quack scheme in another .
( Quackery lies in the promise , not the product . )
Practitioners who use effective methods may also use ineffective ones .
For example , they may mix valuable advice to stop smoking with unsound advice to take vitamins .
Even outright quacks may relieve some psychosomatic ailments with their reassuring manner .
This article illustrates how adept quacks are at selling themselves .
Sad to say , in most contests between quacks and ordinary people , the quacks still are likely to win .
Related Topics
Curcumin , the major polyphenol found in turmeric , appears to reduce weight gain in mice and suppress the growth of fat tissue in mice and cell models .
Researchers at the Jean Mayer USDA Human Nutrition Research Center on Aging at Tufts University ( USDA HNRCA ) studied mice fed high fat diets supplemented with curcumin and cell cultures incubated with curcumin .
" Weight gain is the result of the growth and expansion of fat tissue , which cannot happen unless new blood vessels form , a process known as angiogenesis . " said senior author Mohsen Meydani , DVM , PhD , director of the Vascular Biology Laboratory at the USDA HNRCA .
" Based on our data , curcumin appears to suppress angiogenic activity in the fat tissue of mice fed high fat diets . "
Meydani continued , " It is important to note , we do n't know whether these results can be replicated in humans because , to our knowledge , no studies have been done . "
Turmeric is known for providing flavor to curry .
One of its components is curcumin , a type of phytochemical known as a polyphenol .
Research findings suggest that phytochemicals , which are the chemicals found in plants , appear to help prevent disease .
As the bioactive component of turmeric , curcumin is readily absorbed for use by the body .
Meydani and colleagues studied mice fed high fat diets for 12 weeks .
The high fat diet of one group was supplemented with 500 mg of curcumin / kg diet ; the other group consumed no curcumin .
Both groups ate the same amount of food , indicating curcumin did not affect appetite , but mice fed the curcumin supplemented diet did not gain as much weight as mice that were not fed curcumin .
" Curcumin appeared to be responsible for total lower body fat in the group that received supplementation , " said Meydani , who is also a professor at the Friedman School of Nutrition Science and Policy at Tufts .
" In those mice , we observed a suppression of microvessel density in fat tissue , a sign of less blood vessel growth and thus less expansion of fat .
We also found lower blood cholesterol levels and fat in the liver of those mice .
In general , angiogenesis and an accumulation of lipids in fat cells contribute to fat tissue growth . "
Writing in the May 2009 issue of the Journal of Nutrition , the authors note similar results in cell cultures .
Additionally , curcumin appeared to interfere with expression of two genes , which contributed to angiogenesis progression in both cell and rodent models .
" Again , based on this data , we have no way of telling whether curcumin could prevent fat tissue growth in humans . "
Meydani said .
" The mechanism or mechanisms by which curcumin appears to affect fat tissue must be investigated in a randomized , clinical trial involving humans . "
This study was funded by a grant from the United States Department of Agriculture .
Asma Ejaz , a graduate student who worked on this project received a scholarship grant from the Higher Education Commission of Pakistan .
I had a bit of extra time lately so I 've cut out a vector of my favorite TF2 class .
My first deviation here even though I 've been on DA for quite a bit .
Sizes : 1600x12001280x10241024x768
Widescreen can be gotten here : 1920x1200 [ link ] 1920x1080 [ link ]
Gentlemen .
Well overdue : Ron Paul takes 5 minutes to completely crush every single one of Bernanke ’s and his supporters ’ rubbish arguments against auditing the Fed .
I say Ron Paul should offer Ben Bernanke one last chance : a public debate .
He can take it and convince us how right he is , or decline and shut up once and for all .
Related Posts :
Chris Brown , managing director of sunshine .
co.uk , said : “ We are n’t sure how serious these countries are when it comes to prosecuting on the above but it ’s quite mind boggling trying to figure out why there was ever a need to have a law against carrying an ice cream cone in your back pocket on a Sunday or looking at a moose from an aeroplane .
Posted : 03:47 PM
ET
The collaborative online encyclopedia Wikipedia has banned the Church of Scientology from editing the site .
The Register reports Wikipedia 's Arbitration Committee , or ArbCom , voted 10 to 0 in favor of the ban , which takes effect immediately .
Wikipedia 's innovative free - encyclopedia draws upon the knowledge of millions of users to create and edit articles on every conceivable topic .
Edits appear immediately and do not undergo any formal peer - review process .
Wikipedia officially prohibits use of the encyclopedia to advance personal agendas – such as advocacy or propaganda and philosophical , ideological or religious dispute – but the open format makes enforcing such policies difficult .
According to Wikipedia administrators speaking to The Register :
Multiple editors have been " openly editing [ Scientology - related articles ] from Church of Scientology equipment and apparently coordinating their activities . "
However , Karin Pouw , with the Church of Scientology 's public affairs office , told me she is unaware of any coordinated effort to alter Wikipedia .
Instead , she described the edits as individual attempts to correct inaccurate information by impassioned Scientologists and interpreted the ban as a typical Wikipedia response to arguments over content .
She noted that even the U.S. Department of Justice received a temporary ban after someone erased references to a controversial scandal from inside the government agency .
One Wikipedia contributor
I spoke with that was involved in the Scientology arbitration agreed that some of the edits coming from the church were justifiable , but insisted the ban was necessary after the church refused to follow Wikipedia 's policies :
" The edits coming out of Church of Scientology servers were of the sort that made their organization look better .
Up to a point that 's justifiable , when it comes to correcting inaccuracies or removing poorly sourced negative information .
There were times when they went beyond that and deleted well sourced information that was unflattering , and there were times when they insulted other editors in a manner that would reflect poorly upon any religion . "
Some see Wikipedia 's decision as a setback to the Utopian goal of Web 2.0 in which every user is allowed to freely contribute .
How do you feel about the ban ?
Should Wikipedia actively suppress self - serving , misleading or inaccurate information ?
Or does every voice deserve to be heard ?
< div class = " cnnStoryPhotoBox " >< img src = " http://i2.cdn.turner.com/cnn/2009/images/05/25/palm.pre.jpg " border = " 0 " alt = " " width = " 292 " height = " 219 " / ></ div >
Posted by : Wes Finley - Price -- CNN.com Webmaster
Filed under : Internet  online news  Religion
THC , the active ingredient in marijuana , causes brain cancer cells to undergo a process called autophagy in which cells feed upon themselves , according to a study conducted by Guillermo Velasco and colleagues at Complutense University in Spain .
Using mice designed to carry human brain cancer tumors , the researchers found that the growth of the tumors shrank when the animals received THC .
The study also involved two patients with glioblastoma multiforme , a highly aggressive form of brain cancer .
Both patients had been enrolled in a clinical trial designed to test THC 's potential as a cancer therapy .
The researchers used electron microscopes to analyze brain tissue taken before and after a 26 - to 30 - day THC treatment regimen .
They found that THC eliminated the cancer cells while leaving healthy cells intact .
In addition , in what they described as a " novel discovery , " the specific signalling route by which the autophagy process unfolds was isolated .
" These results may help to design new cancer therapies based on the use of medicines containing the active principle of marijuana and / or in the activation of autophagy , " says Velasco .
The findings were published in the April 2009 issue of The Journal of Clinical Investigation .
According to Dr. John S. Yu , co-director of the Comprehensive Brain Tumor Program in the Maxine Dunitz Neurosurgical Institute at Cedars - Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles , " The findings were not surprising .
There have been previous reports to this effect as well .
So this is yet another indication that THC has an anti-cancer effect , which means it 's certainly worth further study . "
Dr . Yu warns cancer patients that they should not consider marijuana a potential cure for cancer and urges that people " not start smoking pot right away as a means of curing their own cancer . "
However , Dr. Paul Graham Fisher , the Beirne Family director of Neuro - Oncology at Stanford University , says that 's precisely what many brain cancer patients are doing .
" In fact , 40 percent of brain tumor patients in the U.S. are already using alternative treatments , ranging from herbals to vitamins to marijuana , " says Dr. Fisher .
" But that actually points out a cautionary tale here , which is that many brain cancer patients are already rolling a joint to treat themselves , but we 're not really seeing brain tumors suddenly going away as a result , which we clearly would have noticed if it had that effect . "
News Release : Marijuana chemical may fight brain cancer www.webmd.com
This is the true story of a day in the life of a 17 - year - old boy , Shaun , who worked for me briefly before he got into a drunken , violent fight and was sent to jail .
His background is one of poverty , chaos and lovelessness .
On the day of his release , he is luckier than most : he has somewhere to go - his girlfriend 's bedsit .
But Shaun comes complete with tagging machine .
He wears a grey tag on his leg and he has a 6 pm curfew .
Every evening , the machine and tag must renew their acquaintance or Shaun will be sent straight back to jail .
Three days after his release , Shaun and his girlfriend have an argument .
She chucks him out at 10 am .
Now the clock has started ticking because he has to be installed somewhere suitable - a friend 's sofa will not do - before curfew .
Shaun grabs a newspaper to look through the accommodation ads on his way to his probation officer , who needs to approve the move and must urgently arrange for the tagging machine to be installed in Shaun 's new accommodation .
At 11 am , Shaun is told that the officer is out .
But his journey has n't been wasted - someone agrees to read the small ads to him , because Shaun can't read .
They even let him use the phone as he does n't have a phone of his own .
It 's now noon , and Shaun is still frantically phoning landlords .
He 's an ex-offender on a tag and most people do n't want that kind of tenant , but at 12.30 Shaun finds a bedsit .
The landlord is well - known for his low rents and high bacteria count , but Shaun just needs an address by tonight .
The landlord wants to meet him at the bedsit .
He jumps on a bus and crosses town .
The bedsit is not attractive .
In fact , only a desperate man would take it .
Shaun is a kid , not a man - but he is desperate .
He agrees to organise references and return shortly with two weeks ' rent and the deposit .
He needs rent , deposit and the right housing forms from the benefits office for his new landlord to sign .
It 's 1.30 and there 's a queue .
Shaun bites his nails until it's his turn .
A woman says sorry , she needs 24 hours ' notice to give him the deposit .
At 2 pm , Shaun phones me .
I am out of town , but I arrange for a mate who owes me money to hand over all the cash he has , which will cover the deposit .
Shaun asks the benefits office for a crisis loan for the two weeks ' rent .
They tell him to come back after 3 pm .
I phone through a reference to his landlord , while Shaun dashes off to meet my mate , and by now he has no money left for the bus so he runs .
He 's running against the clock .
His landlord takes the deposit and signs the forms .
Now it 's 4 pm , so his probation officer must be back .
Shaun rushes across town and breathlessly explains what has happened .
The probation officer has a heavy caseload and is not happy , but he agrees to endorse Shaun 's new address and rings the landlord with the necessary second reference .
He contacts the tagging team and asks them to install the machine at the bedsit before six o'clock .
Shaun just makes it back to benefits with the signed forms before they close .
And , yes , they 've got two weeks ' rent for him .
If he can give this to his landlord and get back to his new home by 6 pm , and if the tagging machine is in place , Shaun will be able to stay there .
With not a moment to lose , he makes a last superhuman effort , running all the way .
It is 5.45 .
Shaun staggers through the door .
The tagging machine is there and so is Shaun .
He 's done it !
Except he has n't .
The machine runs on electricity and the meter 's empty .
Shaun needs a £ 1 coin .
And he does n't have one .
Shaun is just a kid .
He sits down and cries , and then he rings me and cries some more .
I arrange for someone to cross town to deliver some coins .
But it is too late .
By the time my mate arrives , Shaun is deemed to have broken his curfew , so it 's back to jail .
Most kids his age have spent the day in college , where they probably achieved little compared to what Shaun has .
While they face career choices , Shaun today learned that , for him , change is obstructed and his choices are few .
No matter how hard he tries .
• Mark Johnson , a rehabilitated offender and former drug user , now runs a charity that aims to reduce reoffending .
Heavy Metal Icons Discuss The Weird Link Between Metal and Games
" OK , let me see if I 've got this right .
Since Barack Obama has taken the presidential oath of office we have witnessed : a ) Hezbollah lose a shoo - in election in Lebanon , b) Pakistan begin serious efforts to control the Taliban and al Qaeda elements inside its borders , c ) Netanyahu of Israel mumble support about a two state solution and rethink settlements and , d ) A major awakening of the Iranian citizenry against the heavy - handedness of the mullahs .
What has n't changed ?
The simple - minded thuggery of the Right when it comes to foreign policy ( and Grover Norquist , someone should gently remind him that it's 2009 , not 1989 ) .
They have long preferred a modified Teddy Roosevelt approach .
Speak loudly and wail away with the biggest stick you can find .
I do n't know if all this is the results of one speech in Cairo by the President but if it is I hope he gives a second , and soon , " - Carl Owen , Politico .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Will Krakatoa rock the world again ?
Last time , it killed thousands and changed the weather for five years , now it could be even deadlier ...
Advertisement
Bright orange lava spews up into the air , dark smoke mingles with the clouds and the gloomy night takes on an ominous red glow .
Towering 1,200ft above the tropical stillness of the Sunda Strait in Indonesia , one of the most terrifying volcanoes the world has ever known has begun to stir once more .
Almost 126 years to the day since Krakatoa first showed signs of an imminent eruption , stunning pictures released this week prove that the remnant of this once - enormous volcano is bubbling , boiling and brimming over .
Ominous glow :
In 1883 , more than 36,0000 people died when Krakatoa erupted - today , thousands more farmers live near the volcano
Risk :
The smoking time - bomb is located on the Sunda Strait , between Java and Sumatra
With an explosive force 13,000 times the power of the atomic bomb that annihilated Hiroshima , the 1883 eruption of Krakatoa killed more than 36,000 people and radically altered global weather and temperatures for years afterwards .
The eruption was so violent and catastrophic that no active volcano in modern times has come close to rivalling it , not even the spectacular eruption of Mount St Helens in the U.S. in 1980 .
Now , almost a century - and - a - half on , are we about to experience the horrors of Krakatoa once again ?
' Volcanic prediction is getting better , ' says Professor Jon Davidson , chair of Earth Science at Durham University and a volcanologist who has studied Krakatoa first - hand .
' But we are never going to be able to fully predict big and unusual eruptions , precisely because they are unusual . '
Yet there is little doubt that if Krakatoa were to erupt again with such force and fury , the impact would be far more devastating than that which was experienced in the 19th century .
Natural beauty : Photographer Marco Fuller captures a storm passing over the fiery cone
Dark times : Ominous clouds gather as rain lashes the region
Ticking timebomb : Islanders thought they had avoided another disaster after things went quiet last year
Official records of the time show that the 1883 eruption , together with an enormous tsunami it generated , destroyed 165 villages and towns , seriously damaged a further 132 and killed 36,417 people outright .
Nearly 150 years on , the region where Krakatoa is situated between the islands of Java and Sumatra in the Indonesian archipelago is more densely populated , with small farmers drawn to the rich and fertile volcanic soils of the area .
It is not inconceivable that hundreds of thousands of people could be killed if there were another massive eruption .
Krakatoa had an extraordinary effect on the planet last time round .
Average global temperatures following the eruption fell by as much as 1.2 C , as the huge quantities of sulphur dioxide pumped into the atmosphere resulted in clouds that reflected a greater amount of incoming light from the sun .
Firestorm :
In an awesome display of flaming lava and molten ash , Anak Krakatoa - the child of Krakatoa - reveals its latent power .
In recent years , eruptions have steadily grown in intensity
Devil ’s cauldron : Krakatoa ’s eruptions draw in violent thunderstorms , adding to the air of menace
Marco Fulle , 51 , from Trieste , Italy , captured these images last month .
A scientist , astronomer and volcano expert , Fulle has photographed comets and volcanoes for years .
Having spent months building up his portfolio of images , Fulle was uniquely placed to capture the fury and terror of this giant 's reawakening .
' These volcanoes repeat explosions like that of 1883 many times during their life , ' he says .
' The common opinion is that Krakatoa will again become really dangerous when it reaches the size it had been in 1883 .
It was two - times taller than now . '
Despite this optimism , there is no guarantee that another eruption will not occur sooner .
It was the morning of May 20 , 1883 , when a German ship , the Elizabeth , reported seeing a column of ash and smoke rising seven miles above the island of Krakatoa .
It had been two centuries since there had been a proper eruption .
Over the following months the smoke , noises and expulsion of ash continued .
Far from prompting locals to evacuate the area , these natural firework displays resulted in festivals .
Catastrophic :
An artist 's impression of the historic 1883 eruption of Krakatoa
That all changed just after midday on August 26 , when the first of a series of large explosions sent debris shooting 22 miles into the air .
Then , at 5.30 am the next day , four enormous eruptions blew two - thirds of the island into the sea .
' It was a potent mix of magma and seawater that made the eruption so explosive , ' says Professor Davidson .
' The water had managed to access the magma chamber and the result blew the island to pieces . '
Five cubic miles of pumice , ash and rock were spewed out , while the mega- eruptions were so loud that they were heard over 1,900 miles away in Perth in Western Australia , and over 4,500 miles away in Sri Lanka .
Originally 2,667ft high , Krakatoa had collapsed to 820 ft beneath sea level .
About 4,500 people were killed and numerous villages destroyed , but far more devastating was the subsequent 130 ft - high tsunami .
On Java , the wave spread rapidly inland .
Five miles from the coast near the town of Merak , one survivor described the moment the wave hit on Monday morning .
' We saw a great black thing coming towards us , ' he said .
' It was very high , and we soon saw that it was water .
Trees and houses were washed away .
There was a general rush to climb up in one particular place .
This caused a great block , and one after another they were washed down and carried away by the rushing waters . '
Over 90 per cent of the people killed by Krakatoa died in the tsunami .
In the years after the eruption , the area around Krakatoa was quiet .
However , in 1927 , steam and rock was seen bubbling away in the water , and soon Anak Karakatoa - ' Child of Krakatoa ' - began to rise above the sea .
In November 2007 , the volcano started violently erupting again , but islanders thought they had escaped another potential disaster when everything went quiet last year .
This spring , however , Anak Krakatoa started rumbling again .
The eruptions have become so fierce they light up overhead clouds and draw in violent thunderstorms .
Some , such as Professor Davidson , are sceptical about another massive eruption happening soon .
' There is just not enough magma , ' he says .
' Rather than make predictions like this , it is the responsibility of scientists to do what they can to minimise risk for those living nearby .
That is something we are getting better at . '
The people of the Sunda Strait can only hope and pray that , this time , the scientists are right .
Threat : Embers glow on the surface of the newly active cone , causing locals to worry that another eruption is on its way
I 've been working on a library to wrap WPF dependency properties with signals so that data binding is easier to do in WPF when using C# :
http://www.codeplex.com/wpfsignals.
Dependency properties by themselves are like signals ( time - varying values ) but do n't support direct transformation ( i.e. , map ) or composition like signals do .
Instead , you have to define verbose value converters and jump through a lot of hoops .
To solve this problem , the WPF signal library creates a signal - like wrapper around dependency properties so they can support direct transformation and composition ; e.g. , we can directly express relationships like :
rectangle ( ) .top ( ) .bind = canvas.height ( ) - rectangle .
height ( )
meaning that the rectangle is stuck to the bottom of the canvas , even as the size of the canvas or rectangle changes .
This is currently a source code release only .
SignalLib is a Visual Studio 2008 .NET 3.5 project , and an example application ( in the SignalExample project ) is provided to help introduce the library .
Feedback is appreciated .
Stocks of tuna have declined by as much as 90 per cent in some waters and the World Wildlife Fund has warned that the Atlantic bluefin will have been wiped out within three years unless radical measures are taken to protect stocks .
bash4が出た。bash4とzshの違いが気になっていた自分としてはいてもたってもいられずコンパイル＆実験してみた。
取得、コンパイル、インストール 簡単だった。 wget http://ftp.gnu.org/gnu/bash/bash-4.0.tar.gz tar xzf bash - 4.0.tar.gz cd bash - 4.0 ./ configure make sudo make install
サブディレクトリを再帰的にファイル検索するglobstar shopt -s globstarすると再帰的にマッチする*である
** が使えるようになる。 $ mkdir -p a/b a /c/d a/e /f a/e/g ; touch a/ A a/b/B a/c/C
a/c/d/D
a/e/E a/e/f/F
a/e/g/G
$ for i in a /** ; do echo $ i ; done a / A a /b a /c a/e $ shopt -s globstar $ for i in a /** ; do echo $ i ; done a/ a / A a/b a/b / B a/c a/c/C a/c/d a/c/d/D a/e a/e/E a/e/f a/e/f/F
a/e/g a/e/g/G testコマンドと組み合わせるとfindが不要になるとおもわれる?
$ for i in a /** ; do if [ -f $ i ] ; then echo $ i ; fi ; done a / A a/b / B a/c/C
a/c/d/D
a/e/E a/e/f/F
a/e/g/G
fi;doneが冗長に見えるがfindも-execでは \{} \ ; が必要だもんな。 追記 2009/02/25 23:50:26 : 以下の2つの表記でもOK
$ for i in a /** ; do [ -f $ i ] && echo $ i ; done $ for i in a /** ; { [ -f $ i ] && echo $ i ; } 追記 ここまで 再帰的grepもお手のもの $ grep aaa **
ディレクトリ名を入力するだけでカレントディレクトリを変更できるautocd これをセットするとディレクトリ名でcdできるようになる。
$ a bash : a : command not found $ shopt -s autocd $ a cd a
入力補完時にディレクトリ名のスペルミスを修正するdirspell 補完時にスペルミスを修正するとあるがうまく使えない。
$ mkdir abcde $ shopt -s dirspell $ cd abf ここで補完してくれると思ったんだけどなぁ $ cd /usr / locl / bin< tab > これはきちんと修正するんだけどなぁ。 $ cd /usr / local / bin/
case のフォールスルーを実現する & ; ;;& まあ、使ってみればわかるが case中で ;; -> ; &にするとフォールスルーが実現できる。 $ case a in a ) echo a ; ; b ) echo b ; ; esac a $ case a in a ) echo a ;& b ) echo b ; ; esac a b $ case b in a ) echo a ;& b ) echo b ; ; esac b $ case a in a ) echo 1 ; ; & a ) echo 2 ; ; a ) echo 3 ; ; esac 1 2 $ case a in a ) echo 1 ; ; & b ) echo 2 ; ; a ) echo 3 ; ; esac 1 3 $ case a in a ) echo 1 ; & b ) echo 2 ; ; a) echo 3 ; ; esac 1 2 まあ、滅多に使わないか
This film documents the coal miners ' strike against the Brookside Mine of the Eastover Mining Company in Harlan County , Kentucky in June , 1973 .
Eastovers refusal to sign a contract ( when the miners joined with the United Mine Workers of America ) led to the strike , which lasted more than a year and included violent battles between gun-toting company thugs / scabs and the picketing miners and their supportive women - folk .
Director Barbara Kopple puts the strike into perspective by giving us some background on the historical plight of the miners and some history of the UMWA .
Written by Martin Lewison < lewison+@pitt.edu >
The tightwads at Ryanair have found yet another fee to foist upon customers already nickeled and dimed to death .
The airline widely renowned for being the cheapest thing going says it will start charging passengers £ 5 ( $ 7.50 ) for the privilege of printing their boarding passes at home .
It 's the latest brilliant idea from the folks who earlier this year suggested charging passengers to use lavatories .
What makes this idea so absurd is it replaces Ryanair 's previous practice of offering free online ticketing as an alternative to checking in at the ticket counter - which costs you £ 10 .
Leave it to Ryanair to sell the new fee as a way to save money .
“ For some passengers , yes , the price has gone up , " spokesman Stephen McNamara told the Times of London .
said .
“ But for those used to paying the £ 10 airport check - in fee , the price has actually gone down . ”
Unless you can't print out your boarding card .
Or you lose it .
Then you 're looking at a £ 40 fee .
The airline says anyone who does n't have a printer should get a friend to print the pass for them or go to an Internet cafe in order to avoid a £ 40 fee .
“ Online check - in is the future , ” McNamara said , according to the Times .
“ My mother does n’t have a computer , but would a person without an ATM card have been allowed to hold up the automation of the banking system ? ”
Ryanair 's move comes as the European Union forces the airline to be more honest in disclosing some of the fees and taxes it slaps on every ticket .
Many of them are impossible to avoid , but Ryanair does n't make that clear when advertising its super - cheap fares .
The Independent notes Ryanair will tack a £ 10 fee onto its " free " tickets if they 're purchased with normal credit or debit cards , but it does n't disclose that charge in the initial price .
Combine that with other stealth fees and your free Ryanair flight can end up costing as much as £ 80 ( $ 120 ) .
Not so bad for a round trip ticket , but not great considering that once you get on board your Ryanair flight you 'll be charged for everything but the air you breathe - and we 're sure the airline is looking for a way to do that , too .
It 's not just Ryanair that 's doing everything it can to make a buck with extra fees .
The Chicago Tribune reports both United and US Airways plan to increase checked bag fees this summer .
Photo : Flickr / Scoobyfoo
See also :
College opens up a whole new world to most teens–a world of learning , experience , and financial responsibility .
Suddenly credit card companies are setting up stands and offering you free t- shirts .
You ’re thinking about or taking out loans to finance your education .
You ’re paying for your own clothes & food–or you ’re given a limited amount of money for it by your parents .
How people react to this world depends a lot on how they were raised .
Does she know what balancing a checkbook means ?
Does she know it ’s not limited to checkbooks ?
Does he realize that if he overdraws his account he ’ll be paying $ 25 in bank fees ?
In the end , it ’s up to the teen him / herself how all this turns out .
But as parents , you can work to prepare your children beforehand .
I ’ve identified 6 months skills and / or habits which are critical to surviving on your own in college and beyond .
1 ) Spend Less Than You Earn .
Spending less than you earn is the root of all personal finance .
It ca n’t be instilled in a child too early ( ok , if you ’re whispering it in the cradle , that might be too early ) .
From the time a child is old enough to understand numbers and the basic concept of money , emphasize the importance of not spending more than you have .
There are two ways to spend less than you earn .
One is to take what you earn just spend less , the other is to find ways to earn more so you can spend more .
It ’s key that a child learn about both options and get practice doing both .
The second method , earning more , should always be kept in mind as a possibility , but it may be not be feasible at times–such as in college when 40 - hour workweeks give place to studies .
Ways to teach this include giving a young child an allowance and helping him budget it ( see point 2 for more on that ) and helping him find ways to earn more if there ’s something he really wants .
As kids , my sister & I started a “ paper & mail collection service ” and earned money picking up people ’s papers & mail while they were on vacation .
2 ) Budget and Balance Your Finances .
A great place to start here is with an allowance .
I got my first allowance when I was about 5 years old .
My mother sat me down and helped me split it up into what I could spend right away , what I had to give , and what I had to save .
When everything ’s done in cash , it ’s pretty easy for your child to keep track of her spending ( especially if she ’s a little miser like I was ) .
But as she gets older , learns math , and approaches the age of using a bank account / check book / debit card , it ’s time to teach how to “ balance a checkbook . ”
Nowadays balancing a checkbook rarely involves a checkbook register and is more likely to involve collecting receipts for cash purchases , getting the notes on checks you ’ve written that month , and logging into online banking accounts .
Instead of a pen and paper , you can use a spreadsheet or even budget software .
While the old - fashioned way still works , using cooler tools may help your child feel more interested in reconciling her accounts and feel it ’s more relevant .
( A counter to the argument that you can check your balance in 30 seconds online and therefore balancing is irrelevant are the important points that a ) you risk overdrawing the account if you have outstanding checks and do n’t realize it and b ) knowing your spending patterns helps you plan ahead . )
3 ) Save for Your Future .
I learned the value of saving when I got my first allowance .
The first thing I saved up for was a box of Tootsie Rolls that my mom would n’t buy me .
It was a huge box–maybe 100 rolls and I thought it was the best thing ever !
I remember squirreling it behind my dresser and eating them for a month .
Once a child has an allowance or a way of earning / receiving money ( gifts , for instance ) , you can start teaching them the value of saving and delayed gratification .
If your child does n’t want to save , do n’t force him at an early age–just point out that because he ’s spending the money on X now , it means he wo n’t be able to buy Y for even longer .
One way to help a child want to save is to discuss her goals with her and get excited about them too .
My parents were very supportive when I wanted to save up to buy a violin and again to go to Europe .
If your child does n’t want to save and does n’t really want anything in the future ( at this point ) , try drawing her out and asking what she ’d like to do or be able to have if she could afford it .
If she can achieve higher goals ( such as a decent violin ) , encourage her to set them .
Some people do n’t start saving because they simply do n’t believe they could make it –reassurance that they can may make a huge difference .
4 ) Save for Retirement and Use Basic Investment Vehicles .
When your child is old enough to have a job , teach the basics of saving for retirement .
Start with compound interest & time .
Then explain the benefits of Roth IRAs & IRAs ( and 401 ( k ) s , though she wo n’t be eligible at most teen jobs ) .
Do n’t force your child to save for retirement , but tell her that she can and how to do so .
This is also a good time to learn the power of higher - interest checking accounts and CDs .
If she has savings goals that ’ll take more than 6 months , it may be a good chance to earn a little extra on the money .
5 ) Understand Debit , Credit & Interest .
It can be hard for kids to understand money when all they see is the magic ATM that spits out money or the plastic card that lets Daddy have whatever he wants .
It ’s important that you explain :
ATMs & debit cards do n’t work unless there ’s money in the account .
Trying to use them if they do n’t results in them not working or you having to pay extra money .
Consider showing him the balance on your ATM receipt .
Credit cards have to be paid off at the end of the cycle ( show him how you write a check or pay online ) .
Credit is paying for people to lend you money so you can spend it on something .
This means that if you spend $ 500 on a television , the television might actually cost you $ 650 , unless you pay it off right away .
You have to read the fine print ( as he gets older , give him an example –when he ’s younger , just mention that there is fine print ) .
Money left in a savings account will earn you interest .
Money loaned to you will cost you interest .
( Do and discuss some sample problems when she hits this point in her math class . )
How you use credit goes into a permanent record ( credit history ) and is summed up in a credit score .
( Consider sharing your history & score when your child is old enough to understand that there are consequences for financial decisions . )
6 ) Use Your Money to Help Others .
I ’m ambivalent about forcing children to give .
I think that when they ’re young , it ’s something you can work into their allowance .
But once a person starts earning her own money , I think she should have the right to decide whether and where to give it .
In this case , the best things you can do are :
Setting aside part of any allowance you give your child to be given away in turn .
Sharing what you , as a family , give to various organizations .
My parents were very up - front with their giving –telling us about the organizations they / we were supporting , etc .
While I did n’t give as much in my early teens , since I turned 18 I ’ve tried to give heavily to a couple groups I care about .
And while you may not want to force your child to give , as a parent it ’s always your right to nag . 😉
What money skills do you wish you had before college ?
What else would you like to teach your children before setting them loose in the world ?
Conservative may be in running to lead schools board Talk of Dunbar 's potential role draws cheers , jeers
Conservative Christian may be in running to lead state education board
Cynthia Dunbar , R - Richmond , who advocated more Christianity in the public square last year with the publication of her book , One Nation Under God , is among those that Gov. Rick Perry is considering to lead the State Board of Education , some of her colleagues say .
Critics are gasping and allies are cheering over speculation that Dunbar , a lawyer , could win a promotion to the leadership spot .
“ It would certainly cause angst among the same members of the pagan left that rejected Don McLeroy because he was a man of faith , ” said David Bradley , R- Beaumont , one of the seven socially conservative members on the 15 - person board .
Perry ’s office declined to comment until “ a final decision is made . ”
“ I have heard that Cynthia Dunbar is the one that the governor seems to be considering , ” board member Patricia Hardy , R - Fort Worth , said .
“ Cynthia is very bright , and she is very articulate .
She is a quick study .
... I find her with a good sense of humor .
I like her . ”
But Hardy fears that Dunbar ’s appointment would heighten tension and draw more negative attention for the board .
“ She has been so outspoken that she will draw the ire of a great number of people and will give the board just the kind of publicity that we do n’t need , ” Hardy said .
Christian government
In a book published last year , Dunbar argued the country ’s founding fathers created “ an emphatically Christian government ” and that government should be guided by a “ biblical litmus test . ”
She endorses a belief system that requires “ any person desiring to govern have a sincere knowledge and appreciation for the Word of God in order to rightly govern . ”
Also in the book , she calls public education a “ subtly deceptive tool of perversion . ”
The establishment of public schools is unconstitutional and even “ tyrannical , ” she wrote , because it threatens the authority of families , granted by God through Scripture , to direct the instruction of their children .
Dunbar home - schooled her own children .
Dunbar , whose district runs from outside Houston to Austin , said she expresses her views so constituents know exactly where she stands .
“ I believe constituents deserve to know our thoughts , which is why I have always been boldly transparent , ” she said .
But if she is chosen to chair the board , Dunbar said , she would “ play a different role ” by focusing on leadership .
She is confident she could bring the various board factions together .
“ I would strive to be just , merciful and humble in my service , ” Dunbar said of a potential promotion to board chair .
National attention
The Texas Senate six weeks ago refused to confirm Perry ’s appointment of McLeroy , R - Bryan , whose leadership attracted national attention for the board ’s handling of evolution while adopting new science curriculum standards .
Perry ’s appointment of Dunbar would send a statement “ that the governor shares her shocking hostility toward public education , ” said Kathy Miller , president of the Texas Freedom Network , an organization that monitors the State Board of Education .
“ Just as bad , he would be siding with a faction of self - righteous politicians on the board who have made it crystal clear that they believe the only real Christians are the ones who agree with them , ” Miller said .
“ If the governor really decides that selling out our kids like this is a good re-election strategy , then this state has an even bigger problem than we thought . ”
Whoever Perry selects will fill the duration of McLeroy ’s term and continue to lead the board until another gubernatorial appointment in 2011 .
Several of the board ’s other socially conservative Republicans have work or family conflicts that would make it hard for them to take on the board chairman responsibilities , Bradley said .
“ I think it ’s down to Cynthia or Gail ( Lowe ) , ” he said .
Lowe , R - Lampasas , calls herself “ a background kind of person ” who is not angling for the job .
“ If I were asked , I would give it consideration , certainly , but I ’m not pursuing it , that ’s for sure , ” she said .
Craig gains support
Hardy , of Fort Worth , wants Perry to elevate Bob Craig , R - Lubbock , to the chairman ’s seat .
But such an appointment would not sit well with hard - core conservatives .
“ Bob Craig would create difficulty for Perry because he worked against every initiative that was important to the governor , and he represents the education establishment — the status quo .
The only solution is more spending , ” Bradley said .
“ Bob voted against charter schools and school choice .
He worked diligently to water down the increased requirements of four years of math and four years of science . ”
Hardy counters that Craig , a lawyer , would make a solid choice because he is a former school board president and possesses an even - keeled temperament .
“ His kids went to Texas public schools and they teach in Texas public schools .
He has a good resume for being chairman of the Texas State Board of Education , ” she said .
Hardy conceded she would be surprised if Perry chooses the Lubbock Republican .
“ He assumes it would antagonize the far right , ” said Hardy , whose own GOP loyalties go back to Barry Goldwater ’s 1964 presidential run .
“ Where ’s the far right going to go ?
They still will have a loyalty to Perry because of who Perry is so they will never jump over to the ( Kay Bailey ) Hutchison side just because he ’s done that . ”
One of the board ’s more pressing tasks involves the adoption of new social studies curriculum standards for Texas public school children .
“ That ’s a huge issue , ” said Bradley , who expects efforts to de-emphasize the Declaration of Independence , the Constitution and the Bill of Rights .
“ We will be working to making sure students are exposed to our beginnings and the fundamentals of our Republic , which we are losing , ” he said .
gscharrer@express-news.net
The National Health Service in the United Kingdom was set up in July 1948 to cover everyone in the country for all health care .
It was set up to be free at the point of delivery , and paid for out of national general taxation .
This article is a follow - on from my previous one , The National Health Service in the UK : who pays , and who is covered , which looks at how the NHS was set up , who is eligible for treatment , and how much the whole system costs .
This hub examines what types of medical care are covered by the NHS , including doctors , hospital treatments , dentists , and opticians .
It also details what patients have to pay for , such as fillings and prescriptions , how much they cost , and who gets them for free .
It also considers other associated matters , such as assistance for wigs or travel costs for NHS patients .
Different universal health systems in different countries have varying arrangements , as to whether patients pay for visiting a GP , or for hospital stays or long - term drugs .
The NHS is split into four parts , for England , Wales , Scotland , and Northern Ireland .
The differences are n't great , but there are some minor variations in terms of payment for prescriptions and so forth .
This article is about the rules , regulations and system in England .
Long lines snaked out of polling stations Saturday as Iraqi Kurds voted in an election that has stirred fierce passions in this most peaceful corner of Iraq .
The large turnout in the semiautonomous Kurdistan region attests to the enthusiasm generated by the appearance , for the first time , of a viable challenge to the 18 - year monopoly of the two ruling parties , the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan and the Kurdish Democratic Party .
Some voters dressed in traditional finery , men in voluminous pants with wide cummerbunds and the women in sequined gowns and headdresses , for an occasion that promises to herald a new era of competitive politics in Kurdistan .
Many in Sulaymaniya said they were voting for the list of candidates fielded by Change , a new movement formed by disgruntled former PUK officials that has garnered a large following among Kurds frustrated by what they see as endemic corruption and nepotism in the region .
Advertisement
“ We need change because there is corruption in the current government and there is cronyism , ” Alan Shukr , 24 , a cellphone salesman , said as he emerged from a polling station with his index finger stained with purple ink , a method of preventing people from voting twice .
It was hard to find voters who had cast ballots for the incumbents , running jointly as the Kurdistani List .
The few who did said they had favored the ruling coalition because they wanted to see a continuation of the policies that have made Kurdistan the safest and most prosperous region in Iraq .
No one seriously expects Change to win the legislative vote .
The ruling coalition can count on its network of political patronage and control of state institutions to guarantee support , especially in rural areas , and Change ’s reach does not extend far beyond its home turf of Sulaymaniya province .
One voter , a driver at the Ministry of Industry , said his manager had warned employees in his department that they would be fired if they did not vote for the Kurdistani List .
Advertisement
Tariq Ahmed , 52 , said he nonetheless voted for Change .
“ If they can see how we vote , then I think they will be firing all the employees , ” he said .
It will be enough for Change and other opposition parties to win about 20 % of the seats in the 111 - seat legislature to make a dramatic difference to Kurdish politics , by bringing opposition voices into the parliament for the first time , independent newspaper publisher Asos Hardi said .
“ You ca n’t have accountability in government without opposition , ” he said .
Buoyed by the exuberant showing of its supporters on the streets of Sulaymaniya during the spirited campaign , Change has boldly predicted that opposition candidates will win a majority , if the vote is n’t rigged .
Advertisement
There were widespread reports during the campaign that the Kurdistani List had been distributing cash , guns and cars in an effort to influence voters , said Aram Jamal , head of the Kurdish Institute for Elections , an independent monitoring and voter - education group .
But with Iraq ’s Independent High Electoral Commission organizing the poll , and more than 1,000 international and independent monitors observing it , the chances of large - scale election fraud are low , he said .
Iraqi President Jalal Talabani , who is also the leader of the PUK , was among the first to cast his ballot at a polling station in Sulaymaniya .
He told reporters that the competitiveness marked “ a step forward for a bigger democracy in Iraq and the region . ”
Kurdish President Massoud Barzani touched on an issue dear to all Kurds when he cast his ballot in his mountain stronghold of Salahuddin .
“ I will never compromise on Kirkuk , ” he said .
Advertisement
The status of the oil - rich northern city of Kirkuk , which the Kurds regard as their capital , is at the heart of heightened tensions between Kurdistan and the central government in Baghdad that U.S. officials have said pose the most serious threat to the stability of Iraq .
The election campaign focused mostly on domestic issues , and is not expected to herald a change in the region ’s long - standing demand for a swath of bordering territory , including Kirkuk , to be incorporated into Kurdistan .
All the candidates sought to portray themselves as fierce defenders of Kurdish claims to those territories .
But now that the election is over , some of the fiery rhetoric may subside , making possible a greater effort toward serious negotiations with Baghdad .
--
Advertisement
liz.sly@latimes.com
These Star Trek - inspired corsets were created by Etsy seller EveningArwen and are available to purchase , in any of the Star Trek uniform colors , for $ 200 a pop .
Ladies : Lace up your corset , grab your Tricorder and prepare to stun every Trekkie male on the planet .
Sources :
Etsy via Likecool
Technologies that improve the efficiency of the electrical grid and allow consumers to sell renewable power back to utility companies are likely to get a boost as momentum grows for investment in the " smart grid . "
A Wayne State University professor has received a $ 311,334 grant from the National Science Foundation to conduct computerized tests designed to gauge the promise of a control strategy that would improve grid efficiency .
Caisheng Wang , an assistant professor of electrical and computer engineering technology at WSU 's College of Engineering , said he 'd later set up a " microgrid " system to roll out his strategy at a university building .
" I believe this kind of small microgrid will play an important role in the smart grid " of the future , Wang said .
" The system should be able to accommodate a variety of renewable sources .
The big challenge will be how to integrate the current available technology into our energy infrastructure to do a seamless integration so we can achieve our goal .
It 's very challenging . "
As the efficiency of locally generated renewable energy sources improves , consumers who invest in rooftop wind turbines or solar panels will want to sell unused power back to the grid .
Utilities often refer to the technology as " net metering . "
Scott Simons , a spokesman for DTE Energy , said the utility company supports the pursuit of technology that would streamline the process of feeding power back into the grid .
" If we can reduce the need for large base - load power plants , that 's great , " Simons said .
Simons said DTE expects to purchase locally generated renewable power from consumers at the same price that it sells power to its customers .
But the electrical grid was not designed to compensate for consumers generating their own power .
" The power flow is just one direction , " Wang said .
" It 's always from the utility company , the substation to the users , so the power would not come back .
But now , with all this distributed generation renewable sources , part of it can go back . "
Policymakers at the Michigan Public Service Commission on May 26 approved guidelines allowing consumers to sell power back to the grid .
" With net metering rules now formally in place , electric customers across the state can now add small , renewable energy electric generation projects onsite and get credited for the energy they produce in excess of their needs - at the full retail rate , " MPSC Chairman Orjiakor Isiogu said in a news release .
Wang 's microgrid test could serve as a path for extending the model to broader applications .
The system would use electricity from a traditional power plant in addition to its own renewable electricity .
" If the energy from all those alternative sources is more than what the building can consume , then we can sell the energy back to the grid .
In that case , the power flow would be reversed , " he said .
" This does not mean the current power system is done .
With the technology advancement in communication , in sensoring , metering , they control communication and also the energy infrastructure can be combined together . "
Microgrids could also reduce the number of blackouts occurring because a power plant experienced a glitch .
Renewable power sources could continue to supply energy despite the failure of a coal plant , for example .
" We can make a system more reliable , " Wang said .
Contact Nathan Bomey at ( 734 ) 302-1725 or nathanb@mbusinessreview.com .
Quick , can you answer the question about the dog with the neuromuscular disease myasthenia gravis ?
If not , you 'd be lost at Neurobowl , the highlight of the annual meeting of the American Academy of Neurology .
Poseurs need not apply .
Though they all know the drinking game , these cats make fun of the medical riddles and the doctors on the TV show " House . "
Except for Olivia Wilde ( " Thirteen " ) .
They all like her .
Take a stab at these as you read and see how you did at the end .
A man has abdominal pain and loses skin on the palms of his hands and soles of his feet .
What is the diagnosis ?
It 's basically a quiz show or College Bowl .
You get points for answering questions correctly first and they 're subtracted for wrong answers .
Harder questions have higher point values .
Panelists are asked to diagnose perplexing neurological conditions , based on symptoms , X - rays , etc .
And every so often , the host will try to trip them up with a pop culture medical question .
Here 's an easy one , if you 're over 50 .
Otherwise , not so much .
On the old TV doctor show , who played the title role of Dr. Ben Casey ?
Like in any event involving humans , competition will be fierce .
A team known as the All - Stars has won 8 times in the last 11 years .
They 're like the Yankees , except instead of " Murderer 's Row " we'd have to call them " Biopsychosocial Characteristic Victims Row " or something .
" Our team has been winning the Neurobowl for many years , but we are aging , so you never know what may happen , " says All - Star Dr. Jose Biller , chairman of the Department of Neurology , Loyola University Chicago Stritch School of Medicine , clearly trying to lull the competition into complacency with false modesty .
They say up to 3,000 will watch this year 's event Sunday , April 26 at the annual meeting in Seattle .
The academy has 21,000 members so what will the rest be doing ?
Right , something else .
Maybe NeuroIdol is more their speed .
A 17 - year - old girl falls from a horse and develops a headache .
What is the diagnosis ?
In the preliminary round , the East Team will face the West Team , with the winner taking on the All - Stars .
That explains why the All Stars have won 8 out of 11 ; they get a bye to the finals .
AANnews , the Academy 's newsletter , says Neurobowl competitors are among " the best and brightest in neurology " though they seem to be able to find 15 people who can answer trivia questions , which rules out osteopaths if my neck starts to hurt .
Each team has five members .
If you 're going to follow the action and like to root for winners , in addition to Biller the All - Stars include Dr. Anthony Lang of the University of Toronto , Dr. Nancy Newman of Emory University , Dr. Marc Patterson of the Mayo Clinic and Dr. James Russell of the Lahey Clinic near Boston .
A lung cancer patient suffers progressive weakness and numbness in the legs .
What is the diagnosis ?
These folks are not kidding around .
Each All - Star apparently has a different strength .
Biller is point guard of stroke , Lang holds the post in movement disorders , Newman takes it to the hole in neuro - ophthalmology , Patterson is a scrappy rebounder in pediatric neurology and Russell in big man in neuromuscular disease .
Russell is making his first appearance as an All - Star .
So someone was basically the Wally Pipp of neurology trivia and Russell got to take his place .
But unlike baseball , the only things you have to watch out for are oddball questions .
"
You have to have a good sense of humor , " Biller said .
" It 's entertainment .
" It is for my column anyway .
And if you got more than one of the above entertainments correct , I 'll be the cool guy making fun of you at the all - night seminar on Euclidean geometry .
Arsenic neuropathyVince EdwardsCerebrospinal fluid hypotension syndromeLeptomeningeal carcinomatosis
Things are n’t going well in Honduras .
Lines have been drawn on both sides now , pitting the ousted president Manuel ( “ Mel ” ) Zelaya Rosales ( backed by the international community , including the U.S. ) against the de facto government , led by Roberto Micheletti ( backed by the Honduran Congress — where he came from — a majority of the Honduran people and a handful of conservatives . )
The question is , now that the Organization of American States ( with the support of the U.S. ) has declared the June 28th removal of Zelaya an “ unconstitutional alteration of the constitutional regime , ” denounced the military ’s actions of June 28th , and called for his return , what ’s going to happen ?
The international community is squarely in favor of declaring this a coup and having Zelaya returned to power .
The Honduran Congress , armed forces , Supreme Court , and many of its people refuse to allow it .
Just yesterday when Zelaya ( unwisely ) chose to try to return on ( again , unwisely ) a Venezuelan jet , he was turned back by the military blocking the airport .
Meanwhile , the OAS Secretary General José Miguel Insulza is engaging in shuttle diplomacy , going between the different actors in the Honduran capital , Tegucigalpa , and trying to foster some compromise .
Before laying out my position on this , to avoid any confusion at a time ( and in a region ) where people like to ideologically pigeonhole others and claim that one or the other is not on the “ side of freedom , ” let me say the following in as direct a fashion as possible :
President Zelaya had violated the constitution : first in pushing for re-election ( it ’s unconstitutional for a sitting president to push for re-election ) , second in ignoring the vote of the Congress and third in overriding the Supreme Court ’s decision that the vote to be held on June 28th was unconstitutional .
He also demonstrated scary , mob rule tendencies when he led an angry crowd to seize the ballots after the commander - in - chief of the armed forces refused to cooperate with the vote and resigned .
But these constitutional violations and troubling signs of mob rule do not justify removal and exile at gunpoint .
In countries governed by rules rather than political whim , these offenses would have led to impeachment or ( without the constitutional means for that ) a criminal trial .
The Supreme Court never conducted a trial ; it simply issued a decision .
In short , whatever we may think about the actions that preceded the events of June 28th , whatever we may think about Zelaya ’s friendship with other presidents in the hemisphere , this was a coup and should be treated as such .
Saying that is a shame , since it does turn Mel Zelaya into an undeserving victim — but a victim of political expediency over rules .
I ’m reminded of how John Adams once defined a republic : as a “ government of laws , and not of men . ”
Ultimately it was people ( men and women ) who opted to violate the legal process for removing Zelaya — who himself had violated the law — when they removed him with the thinnest of fig leaves of procedure .
This was particularly brought home to me when commentators like Roger Noriega , as he did on the Lehrer NewsHour last week , spoke repeatedly about the “ Honduran people ” and what they wanted .
The fact is , laws were broken on both sides , but as weakly and incompletely as international laws protecting executive overreach are enforced , the constitutional process for removing a president has to remain sacrosanct .
Imagine the international morass we would get in if we started to evaluate the worthiness of removing a president based on how they have behaved .
( Some people have even justified bucking the international community based on the unsubstantiated allegations of the de facto Honduran foreign minister that President Zelaya was engaged in narcotics trafficking . )
These are moments for mediation , dialogue , and independent investigation with standard burden of proof — things that require international good offices and objective initiative — not for the unilateral removal of an elected leader .
But now we ’re in a strange position where a minority of conservative commentators are endorsing what happened in Honduras .
Their positions risk emboldening government figures inside Honduras and complicating the task of negotiating a much - needed compromise .
Too often I ’ve seen ideologues — on both sides — stick to their dogmatic positions in ways that only sharpen and reinforce untenable positions .
Besides the practical implications of their arguments , though , here are some other problems in their position .
First , as I said above , not one of the commentators has explained why the institutional deadlock that occurred could n’t have been resolved short of packing up the president at gunpoint and shipping him into exile .
Honduras is not a case — as in Venezuela today or Peru under Alberto Fujimori — where other institutions ( the Congress and the Supreme Court ) have been so vitiated that they ca n’t assert their own authority .
Congress and the Supreme Court did condemn Zelaya , and it was n’t as if Zelaya was so popular ( with public approval at the time below 30 % ) that he could have called a massive referendum .
There was space and opportunity to do this institutionally .
The Congress , Supreme Court and the armed forces simply chose not to .
That should be condemned , and doing so does n’t endorse President Zelaya ’s actions or his plans .
But second , let ’s just consider the practical implications of pursuing the course of action that logically follows from conservatives ’ recommendations : endorsing — even applauding — the coup and allowing the de facto government to remain in power .
The international community has roundly condemned the events of June 28th ; the OAS Permanent Assembly and General Assembly have “ vehemently ” denounced the removal of Zelaya ; and the European Union has pulled its ambassadors from Honduras .
Thought we were unpopular in the region a few years ago ?
Try bucking the tide now and embracing Micheletti’s government .
It would not only scuttle the decades of consensus over the idea that the forced removal of a president should be condemned ( regardless of the conditions ) , it would also open up a Pandora ’s box of when and when not to view as legitimate the alteration of power .
If we were to go down that course of debating when a president can and can not be packed up on a plane and forced out of the country , given the ideological polarization in the region today we ’d never get to any consensus again about when a coup is not a coup .
In fact , it would take us decades back .
( Who could be next ?
Colom because of the allegations of murder ?
Uribe because of his efforts to run for the third term ?
The mind boggles . )
But third , the most important reason for the current course of action in understanding and supporting the institutional procedure for reacting to these events is that it cuts the political , demagogic legs out from under Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez .
Imagine just for a moment that we did what some conservatives are advocating .
We would play right into his hands .
It would be a field day for the blowhard populist from Caracas : he would denounce U.S. efforts , spin the wildest of conspiracy theories , and make it increasingly difficult for the U.S. to rally other countries to check the excesses of the Bolivarian Revolution .
We must make the point that Zelaya himself has broken the constitution and ridden roughshod over the checks and balances of power , but after we demonstrate that the U.S. and the international community support institutional , legal procedures for punishing executives who overstep their bounds .
Arguing that executive excess justifies removal from office , when all the legal routes for his or her removal under the constitution have not been exhausted , only emboldens hardliners — of whatever stripe .
ABOUT THE AUTHOR Christopher Sabatini is the former editor - in - chief of Americas Quarterly and former senior director of policy at the Americas Society and Council of the Americas .
His Twitter account is @ ChrisSabatini
Any opinions expressed in this piece do not necessarily reflect those of Americas Quarterly or its publishers .
A CNN headline , reporting Obama 's plans for his June 4 Cairo address , reads ' Obama looks to reach the soul of the Muslim world . '
Perhaps that captures his intent , but more significant is the content hidden in the rhetorical stance , or more accurately , omitted .
Keeping just to Israel - Palestine -- there was nothing substantive about anything else -- Obama called on Arabs and Israelis not to ' point fingers ' at each other or to ' see this conflict only from one side or the other . '
There is , however , a third side , that of the United States , which has played a decisive role in sustaining the current conflict .
Obama gave no indication that its role should change or even be considered .
Those familiar with the history will rationally conclude , then , that Obama will continue in the path of unilateral U.S. rejectionism .
Obama once again praised the Arab Peace Initiative , saying only that Arabs should see it as 'an important beginning , but not the end of their responsibilities . '
How should the Obama administration see it ?
Obama and his advisers are surely aware that the Initiative reiterates the long - standing international consensus calling for a two - state settlement on the international ( pre-June ' 67 ) border , perhaps with ' minor and mutual modifications , ' to borrow U.S. government usage before it departed sharply from world opinion in the 1970s , vetoing a Security Council resolution backed by the Arab ' confrontation states ' ( Egypt , Iran , Syria ) , and tacitly by the PLO , with the same essential content as the Arab Peace Initiative except that the latter goes beyond by calling on Arab states to normalize relations with Israel in the context of this political settlement .
Obama has called on the Arab states to proceed with normalization , studiously ignoring , however , the crucial political settlement that is its precondition .
The Initiative cannot be a ' beginning ' if the U.S. continues to refuse to accept its core principles , even to acknowledge them .
In the background is the Obama administration 's goal , enunciated most clearly by Senator John Kerry , chair of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , to forge an alliance of Israel and the ' moderate ' Arab states against Iran .
The term ' moderate ' has nothing to do with the character of the state , but rather signals its willingness to conform to U.S. demands .
What is Israel to do in return for Arab steps to normalize relations ?
The strongest position so far enunciated by the Obama administration is that Israel should conform to Phase I of the 2003 Road Map , which states : ' Israel freezes all settlement activity ( including natural growth of settlements ) . '
All sides claim to accept the Road Map , overlooking the fact that Israel instantly added 14 reservations that render it inoperable .
Overlooked in the debate over settlements is that even if Israel were to accept Phase I of the Road Map , that would leave in place the entire settlement project that has already been developed , with decisive U.S. support , to ensure that Israel will take over the valuable land within the illegal ' separation wall ' ( including the primary water supplies of the region ) as well as the Jordan Valley , thus imprisoning what is left , which is being broken up into cantons by settlement / infrastructure salients extending far to the East .
Unmentioned as well is that Israel is taking over Greater Jerusalem , the site of its major current development programs , displacing many Arabs , so that what remains to Palestinians will be separated from the center of their cultural , economic , and sociopolitical life .
Also unmentioned is that all of this is in violation of international law , as conceded by the government of Israel after the 1967 conquest , and reaffirmed by Security Council resolutions and the International Court of Justice .
Also unmentioned are Israel 's successful operations since 1991 to separate the West Bank from Gaza , since turned into a prison where survival is barely possible , further undermining the hopes for a viable Palestinian state .
It is worth remembering that there has been one break in U.S. - Israeli rejectionism .
President Clinton recognized that the terms he had offered at the failed 2000 Camp David meetings were not acceptable to any Palestinians , and in December , proposed his ' parameters , ' vague but more forthcoming .
He then announced that both sides had accepted the parameters , though both had reservations .
Israeli and Palestinian negotiators met in Taba , Egypt to iron out the differences , and made considerable progress .
A full resolution could have been reached in a few more days , they announced in their final joint press conference .
But Israel called off the negotiations prematurely , and they have not been formally resumed .
The single exception indicates that if an American president is willing to tolerate a meaningful diplomatic settlement , it can very likely be reached .
It is also worth remembering that the Bush I administration went a bit beyond words in objecting to illegal Israeli settlement projects , namely , by withholding U.S. economic support for them .
In contrast , Obama administration officials stated that such measures are ' not under discussion ' and that any pressures on Israel to conform to the Road Map will be ' largely symbolic , ' so the New York Times reported ( Helene Cooper , June 1 ) .
There is more to say , but it does not relieve the grim picture that Obama has been painting , with a few extra touches in his widely - heralded address to the Muslim World in Cairo on June 4 .
Big Performance , Small Size
Now you can get the power , performance and stability of the EVGA X58 motherboards , in a compact size with the EVGA X58 Micro motherboard !
This motherboard is based on the same award winning formula of the EVGA X58 motherboard lineup , but now in a mATX form factor .
Perfect for any home theater or Lan Party rig !
In addition to the overclocking features that make EVGA boards unique ; the EVGA X58 Micro also offers full support for 2 - way SLI , 6 DDR3 memory slots and an onboard temperature monitor meaning you can get the full features and performance of a high end gaming rig , in a small space !
Power : The Intel® X58 Express allows for the fastest platforms on earth .
With Hyper – Threading , Turbo Boost , Triple Channel memory support and QuickPath Interconnect Technology the X58 platform will allow you to unlock performance that was never thought possible .
Performance : Being Micro ATX , does n’t mean that you need to sacrifice performance .
EVGA gives you full range of overclocking features including : EVGA VDroop Control , EVGA E-LEET support , enthusiast BIOS options and of course SLI .
Stability : EVGA took the already stable and mature X58 platform and made it mATX .
With solid state capicators , passive heatsink design , and award winning EVGA support the X58 Micro is the perfect board for anyone looking for Power , Performance and Stability !
Graphic images that reveal the devastating impact of global warming in the Arctic have been released by the US military .
The photographs , taken by spy satellites over the past decade , confirm that in recent years vast areas in high latitudes have lost their ice cover in summer months .
The pictures , kept secret by Washington during the presidency of George W Bush , were declassified by the White House last week .
President Barack Obama is currently trying to galvanise Congress and the American public to take action to halt catastrophic climate change caused by rising levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere .
One particularly striking set of images - selected from the 1,000 photographs released - includes views of the Alaskan port of Barrow .
One , taken in July 2006 , shows sea ice still nestling close to the shore .
A second image shows that by the following July the coastal waters were entirely ice - free .
The photographs demonstrate starkly how global warming is changing the Arctic .
More than a million square kilometres of sea ice - a record loss - were missing in the summer of 2007 compared with the previous year .
Nor has this loss shown any sign of recovery .
Ice cover for 2008 was almost as bad as for 2007 , and this year levels look equally sparse .
" These are one - metre resolution images , which give you a big picture of the summertime Arctic , " said Thorsten Markus of Nasa 's Goddard Space Flight Centre .
" This is the main reason why we are so thrilled about it .
One - metre resolution is the dimension that 's been missing . "
Disappearing summer sea ice poses considerable dangers , scientists have warned .
Ice shelves are used by animals such as polar bears as platforms for hunting seals and other sea creatures .
Without them , they could starve .
In addition , ice reflects solar radiation .
Without that process , the Arctic sea could warm up even more .
The phenomenon threatens to set off runaway heating of the planet , say climatologists .
The latest revelations have triggered warnings from scientists that they no longer have the funds to keep a comprehensive track of climate change .
Last week the head of the US 's National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) , Professor Jane Lubchenco , warned that the gathering of satellite data - crucial to predicting future climate changes - was now at " great risk " because America 's ageing satellite fleet was not being replaced .
" Our primary focus is maintaining the continuity of climate observations , and those are at great risk right now because we do n't have the resources to have satellites at the ready and taking the kinds of information that we need , " said Lubchenco , who was appointed by Obama .
" We are playing catch - up . "
Even before her warning , scientists were saying that America , the world 's scientific superpower , was virtually blinding itself to climate change by cutting funds to the environmental satellite programmes run by the Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and Nasa .
A report by the National Academy of Sciences this year warned that the environmental satellite network was at risk of collapse .
In February , a Nasa satellite carrying instruments to produce the first map of the Earth 's carbon emissions crashed near Antarctica only three minutes after lift - off .
The satellite would have measured carbon emissions at 100,000 points around the planet every day , providing a wealth of data compared to the 100 or so fixed towers currently in operation in a land - based network .
The NOAA is under additional pressure to provide environmental data because of the re-emergence of the El Niño climate phenomenon , where warming of the tropical Pacific causes heatwaves , droughts and flooding around the world .
June 's land and sea surface temperatures were the second hottest on record , and scientists are predicting this will be the warmest decade in recorded history .
The last major El Niño was in 1998 , the hottest year in recorded history .
The Obama administration has already taken steps to tackle America 's flagging scientific lead .
The president 's economic recovery plan allotted $ 170 m ( £ 100 m ) to help close the gaps in climate modelling .
The NOAA is seeking an additional $ 390 m in its 2010 budget to upgrade environmental satellites , and help make data more available to researchers and government officials .
From the ' double checking facts ' files :
There was an interesting update as part of today 's Microsoft Patch Tuesday , for a vulnerability that I personally had thought was already patched .
The vulnerability is one discovered by security researcher Nils at the PWN2OWN event in March .
In the April Patch Tuesday , I was expecting a Microsoft update for the issue but one never came -- at the time Microsoft told me that the version of IE 8 that Nils was using was not the final version of IE8 and was n't vulnerable .
So what happened between April and June that Microsoft is now patching for an issue that I had thought ( based on what Microsoft told me ) was n't an issue ?
RIO DE JANEIRO -- Boxer Arturo Gatti's death was ruled a suicide by police Thursday and his wife , once suspected of killing the former champion , was released from jail .
Lead investigator Paulo Alberes told The Associated Press authorities decided Gatti killed himself on July 11 while at a seaside resort in northeastern Brazil .
When asked if police had determined the case was a suicide , Alberes said " yes . "
He offered no other details , though a judge -- in ordering the release of Gatti 's wife -- cited the police investigation and wrote that " the victim took his own life , committing suicide by hanging . "
The boxer 's widow , 23 - year - old Amanda Rodrigues , said in a phone interview as she walked out of jail she thinks Gatti may have killed himself because he was afraid she was going to leave him after the pair had a violent disagreement in public the night before his death .
The death of Arturo Gatti , left , seen fighting Thomas Damgaard in 2006 , has been ruled a suicide by Brazilian officials .
Ed Mulholland / WireImage
" We had an argument in the street .
Then he pushed me and I hurt myself .
I believe that when we got home and he saw that he hurt me , he thought I would leave him , that I would tell him to just let me go , that I would separate from him , " Rodrigues said .
" He did that in a moment of weakness .
He was drunk , maybe he did n't know what he was doing , maybe he thought I would leave him the next day . "
A day after the 37 - year - old Gatti was found dead , police said that Rodrigues had strangled him with her purse strap as he drunkenly slept .
But police began to back off the accusation about a week later after a coroner 's report said Gatti may have killed himself as he was found " suspended and hanged . "
The autopsy report did n't exclude the possibility he was slain , but said he also could have died in an unexplained accident , or could have committed suicide .
" The police investigation concluded that Arturo killed himself , " said Celio Avelino , Rodrigues ' attorney .
" I 've said before it would have been impossible for her to suspend and hang a man of that size . "
Judge Ildete Verissimo de Lima ordered the immediate release of Rodrigues after receiving the police report .
The judge wrote that police informed the court " the detention of the suspect was no longer needed " as the investigation " excludes the possibility of murder . "
Rodrigues said her priority was to see the 10 - month - old son she had with Gatti , grieve for her husband and clear her name in the case -- though some of Gatti 's friends said they still suspect her .
" All of my plans and dreams involved Arturo .
I have n't been able to think of anything beyond that , " she said .
" My plan now is to stay with my son , my father , mom and sister , nothing more than this . "
Gatti's body was discovered in the apartment he was renting with Rodrigues in the resort town of Porto de Galinhas .
The pair had arrived there a few days before for a second honeymoon .
The couple brought their son , who was unhurt and is in the care of Rodrigues ' family in Brazil .
From the accounts of Gatti's family and friends , the two - year marriage with Rodrigues was tumultuous .
" She was yelling all the time , they were always fighting and she 'd say ' I 'm going to kill you ! ' when they fought , " Gatti 's mother , Ida , said in a telephone interview from Montreal shortly after her son 's death .
According to records at the Court of Quebec 's criminal and penal division , Gatti was charged on April 16 for violating a restraining order that had been filed against him .
The records did n't indicate who filed the restraining order , but Gatti 's mother confirmed that it was Rodrigues who had taken one out against him .
She offered no other details .
Rodrigues stressed her innocence and defended her relationship with Gatti .
" There is no one who can doubt my love for Arturo or his for me .
Arturo got married at 34 years of age , he was never married before , and this demonstrates the love that he had for me , " Rodrigues said .
" I was the only wife of Arturo and I want my good name back .
Not only just for me , but out of respect for my husband and my son . "
Gatti , who captured two world titles in his 16 - year pro career , retired in 2007 with a record of 40 - 9 .
Gatti's family and friends expressed disbelief that the boxer could have killed himself .
" It does n't make any sense , " said Howard Grant , a friend and fellow boxer in adopted hometown of Montreal .
Before a memorial Mass in northern New Jersey , where Gatti honed his craft , his brother said the family may try to have Arturo 's body exhumed and have an autopsy conducted in Canada .
Joseph Gatti , of Wyckoff , N.J. , said Arturo 's relatives are deeply disappointed with Brazilian authorities .
TAIPEI ( Reuters ) - Less than a week before a deadline for PC makers to install censorship software on all computers sold in China , some say they are prepared to implement it even as they quietly continue to lobby against it .
People use computers at an internet cafe in Changzhi , Shanxi province June 25 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Stringer
On May 19 , China said all personal computers sold in the country must have the “ Green Dam ” internet filter installed from July 1 , a move it says is to protect Chinese youth from pornography , but critics say is a form of censorship .
Sources at PC makers said while they were prepared to implement the ruling , they would probably wait until the last minute before sending the software to their distributors .
“ The company will abide by the rule and senior management are on the issue , but they ’re still considering their position , ” a source at a top PC company told Reuters , speaking on condition of anonymity due to the situation ’s sensitivity .
“ They ’re lobbying for help from the U.S. government , and are really hoping that the current talks will help . ”
A second source said a recent flurry of statements from officials in the United States to their Chinese counterparts was a result of lobbying by PC companies on hopes that they could convince China to reverse or ease the new rule .
“ We ’re standing next to the U.S. government on this one .
I do n’t know if we ’ll be able to meet the July 1 deadline , but we ’re still working to see what we can do , ” said another source .
Acer was the only PC company to admit that they would comply with the rules .
Other major PC brands such as HP and Dell repeated previous statements that they would be seeking additional information on the matter .
“ We ’ll of course see how we can best accommodate the rules , ” said Acer spokesman Henry Wang .
“ There ’re rules when operating in any country , and we ’ll have to comply with them if necessary . ”
Acknowledging the situation ’s sensitivity , spokespersons from Dell and HP declined to comment or say whether they planned to comply with the requirement , just days before the new regulations were due to take effect .
Analysts had previously said that western PC brands such as HP and Dell could end up being the biggest losers in the current spat , risking the wrath of consumers back home if they go along or losing ground in China if they refuse .
A Hong Kong hitman accidentally blinds an innocent woman during a hit .
He is determined to get her surgery to help her regain her sight but he needs to complete one more hit first .
He completes the job but then is ambushed as he tries to escape : someone wants him dead .
Meanwhile a resourceful , unorthodox police detective is hot on his trail .
Written by grantss
In a discussion , I recently made the following statement :
“ Giving the government a superior interest over the individual is the Socialist view of the relationship between individuals and society .
Basically it says the individual is inferior to the collective . ”
I was lambasted for saying this , and criticized for not recognizing the distinction between Socialism and Authoritarianism .
But I would stand by my statement , if not for a rigorous analysis , then for its practical eventuality .
Although in political and economic theory , in the purest sense , there may be a distinction , in practice socialism acts almost identically to authoritarianism .
Socialism seeks to empower man and mankind , by making us all equal under the law and in society ; equal socially , economically , intellectually , and aspirationally .
By making us all equal , no one can claim a racial , sexual or intellectual superiority , or abuse a higher level of wealth or influence , to prejudice others .
Being equal also guarantees equal treatment and affirmative rights under the law , such as the rights to receive the modern needs of living , food , clothing , shelter , health care , transportation , and education .
Being equal also of course obversely demands that by law every person has an equal responsibilty and obligation to contribute their equal share of effort to everyone else .
In modern societies , this translates into contributing most , if not all , of one 's cash earnings to society .
Thus Socialism has the ideal of equality on all levels .
Non-discretionary equality .
That is – enforced equality , enforced available care , and enforced complete taxation .
That is the ideal of socialism : to each it is to provide all his needs , from each it takes from him all his abilities to produce .
Variations on these absolutes , are simply variations from actual Socialism .
In theory , it almost sounds doable .
If doable , it would even be an enviable existence for a large portion of the world 's population , who would be happy to trade all their work product for the guaranteed necessities of life .
However , in practice , Socialism suffers from several pernicious problems , directly resultant from the fact that human beings are not eusocial animals , to wit :
Not Everyone is Equal ;
People endeavor in relation to their perceived return ;
People sometimes want more than they need ;
Not Everyone values equal social services equally ;
Not Everyone cares to be regimented , despite guaranteed services .
As ants , or wasps , Socialism would suit us perfectly , we would ( most all ) be equal , work as hard as we could , be treated equally , and be provided with everything we need to survive .
But we are not ants or wasps .
We are people , and people although leaning strongly social for companionship and support , are equally ( or more so ) independent creatures as well , who wither when forced to formfit into a social class .
The will to break out of an imposed caste is endemic , and does not cease until that freedom is achieved .
As an economically driven social political system , Socialism frays about from within due to the nature of human beings , and their innate vexation against uniformity .
But another level , Socialism suffers from another instability , not related to the nature of the governed , but rather the nature of the governers .
And it is in that , that the practice of Socialism devolves rapidly into Authoritarianism , the very thing its promoters seek to avoid – the stratification of individual inequality .
In Authoritarianism we find entrenched social classes , some classes afforded a legal status of superiority and privilege above others .
We therein find the right to legally impose onerous obligations upon one class to the benefit of another class of people .
And the right of another class to make those decisions unilaterally of the governed .
So although Socialism truly is not Authoritarianism in the academic sense , what historically happens is , a citizenry that has willingly accepted Socialist principles for their government , finds that those in charge of the adminstration of those ideals are legally empowered to interpret them any way they want , as long as they superficially justify their actions as in furtherence of the Socialist cause .
The preemptive right of the government to enforce Socialist mandates by edict as interpreted by its leaders , entropically evolves inevitably into Authoritarianism .
The distinctions between Socialism and Communism notwithstanding , this eventuality is exemplified by the Soviet & Maoist communist regimes ( and others ) , who always gave lip service to the idealistic political theory that was ostensibly the basis for their governments , yet in both cases they acted like dictatorships .
Much as in religion , the priest or shaman acts a proxy for God , and speaks for him , and in his name , in Socialist systems the Government acts as a proxy for the ideals of Socialism and makes sweeping policy , legal and social / moral decisions in its name .
In both cases , political power is not found flowing from the pure and noble origins that gives it its moral authority , but rather political power is concentrated in its stand - in , a changling who is not so pure and noble .
And much like God , who cannot speak for himself , Socialism likewise cannot speak for itself .
Again in both cases , human leaders , acting as proxies for the ideal , inevitably corrupt the administration of the theoretically correct .
The old chestnut applies , absolute power corrupts absolutely .
Governmental power will alway become corrupted unless and until that power is truly distributed among the people .
Socialism seeks to do this by making all contribute equally and sharing equally , by edict from above .
By contrast , Libertarianism seeks to do this by empowering the people individually directly , giving them the same rights and discretions over themselves as government traditionally monopolized for itself .
Whenever power is centralized , as in a socialist society , that power gets usurped by its administrators , and it quickly becomes indistinguishable from authoritarianism .
In both cases , Socialism and Authoritarianism , the Government purports to speak for the people , and reserves for itself the superior privilege to decide what shall be right for any individual in particular , in the People 's name , and in People 's governmental interest .
And makes the fundamental moral decision that the collective is superior to the individual .
In the process , Socialism in trying to equalize everyone by freeing the people from themselves and self - interests , coalesces a privileged class , effective high priests who claim to know what is best for everyone else .
And by that authority impose their own superiority via an entrenched oligarchy .
Socialism in practice always devolves to Statism , which is nothing more than thinly disguised Authoritiarianism .
July 15 , 2009 — Alderson Warm - Fork
In yesterday ’s post , I talked about the mainstream left and what defines it , what the familiar divide between these two gangs of politicians and their various hangers - on is all about .
But there ’s a similar divide within that so - called ‘ left ’ , a fairly familiar one between two sorts of statists .
On the one hand , there ’s those who put their hopes in the existing state , and try to find accomodation with it in various ways .
On the other hand , there ’s those who think this is hopeless , and want to replace that state with a new and completely different ‘ revolutionary state ’ .
One suggests that the existing state is the legitimate expression of what ‘ the electorate ’ wants , the other suggests that their new - and - improved state will be the legitimate expression of what ‘ the revolutionary proletariat ’ wants .
The classic examples are the 2nd International , who abandoned internationalism in 1914 and joyously threw workers into the trenches to die , and the 3rd International , full of Bolsheviks who could prove their committment to communism by saying “ look at our red flag !
it ’s positively dripping with the blood of workers ! ”
I think , though , that the pattern extends beyond the case of Leninists vs. social democrats .
One prominent example is the ‘ porn wars ’ , between sex-positive feminists and radical feminists .
In both cases , the movement reached a high point of activity ( e.g. the Paris Commune , the womens ’ liberation movement ) and then declined as matters settled down , and part of this decline was an acrimonious split between one side moderating their demands and becoming more appealing to and less hostile to ‘ the establishment ’ ( social democrats / sex - positive feminists ) and the other side rigidifying their demands and accusing the other side of ‘ selling out ’ and ‘ capitulating ’ ( Leninists / ’radfems ’ ) .
In both cases the label that had previously applied to the most radical section of the movement ( ‘ communist ’ / ’radical feminist ’ ) came to be associated with one side , and explicitly rejected by the other .
And in both cases , there were on either side plenty of sincere and intelligent people , but shading imperceptibly into caricatures , barely distinguishable from either their liberal opponents ( ‘ new labour ’ and ‘ burlesque is feminist ! ’ ) , or sharing worrying features with the far right ( Stalinist vs. Fascist totalitarianism , radfem vs. conservative moralising ) .
So what ’s behind this phenomenon ?
For the average frustrated radical , the defense mechanism against the unhappiness of seeing suffering and injustice has to be a determination to solve it – most other defense mechanisms , which are perhaps more common , have been given up , such as 1 ) not noticing and being apathetic and apolitical , 2 ) not caring and being a cynical bastard , 3 ) justifying it as natural and necessary and being right - wing .
As I ’ve argued before , I think that this determination to do away with injustice is partly about personal power – to do away with injustice , not simply that it be done away with by someone .
The suffering that ’s shared by empathy is taken up into a narrative of fighting and triumph so that it generates a ‘ pay - off ’ , a kick of power - gratification to make you feel better .
If this did n’t happen , people would be much less likely to be ‘ radicals ’ in the first place , because as a psychological structure it would offer no reward , no positive attraction .
Note that this is n’t to say that people are ‘ selfish ’ – it ’s simply to state the obvious truism that when people desire the happiness of others , that becomes one of their desires , and tends to get caught up in the web of their psychology and its ‘ economy ’ of pleasures and pains .
The result is an uneasy mixture of self - affirmation and self - abnegation : the former makes it a satisfying , ego - gratifying drive , a desire to be a revolutionary hero or some such , and the latter differentiates it from merely ‘ I will defeat the evil slave - empire by enslaving its inhabitants ’ , makes it a sincere desire to end oppression and get the oppressed their freedom , which they might well use to disagree with you or tell you to go home .
Anyway , the point I ’m getting to is that I think we can understand the opposition between ‘ revolutionary ’ and ‘ reformist ’ statists as reflecting two basic options for this drive .
Because of course , the drive needs to find some prosective route by which injustice will actually be defeated .
The ideal route would be through a real revolution , a real movement where enough people , with enough awareness and organisation , were in movement that as a whole , they could both let each member be a hero , and also keep each member in check , balancing the self - affirming and the self - negating elements .
But most of the time such a movement is not around anywhere .
What there is around is the state , and more broadly ‘ the status quo ’ , the existing system , which offers the power and force needed to make changes ( the self - affirming side ) but at a major price : it simultaneously imposes a very high level of ‘ self - abnegation ’ , because you have to subordinate your desire to make changes to every hindrance , law , vested interest , inflexible hierarchy , etc. – and yet ‘ diverts ’ that to the wrong end .
I say ‘ diverts ’ because the point of this self - abnegation is that I , the would - be revolutionary , should subordinate my will to that of others , in particular of those actually getting in the neck from stato - patricapitalo - racism , so as not to become another tyrant .
But the state subordinates my will not to this but to itself , and actually requires me to participate , with an air of self - denial , in oppression and the locking up and the bombing .
But that at least is one way .
It also often offers a fairly comfortable and accepted life .
So that tends to get plenty of takers .
What ’s the alternative ?
Without either turning to the existing state , or having a revolutionary movement to keep individual megalomania in check , the route that our drive takes is instead to say ‘ the state and the existing system are rotten !
I will do away with them and I will end injustice !’ , a route which is both frustrating ( because 99 % of the time you do n’t , you acheive very little ) and more worryingly does n’t offer the ‘ discipline ’ of reality , of other people to limit you and keep you from going off the rails .
Now , if your committment to self - abnegation is stronger than that to self - affirmation ( in particular , as manifested in caring more about whether you make things worse than about whether you make things better ) , you will probably end up closing up or scaling down the whole ‘ I am a radical ’ psychic structure , and drifting along without really doing much .
But if it ’s the other way round , you end up with an overgrown and frustrated ego flapping around , which is potentially dangerous .
One result is the spectrum of various sorts of thrill - seeking and violence , leading from just going along to have a ruckus with the cops of an evening , to vandalism and direct action , to targetted assassinations , and eventually up to bombing campaigns and mass murder .
I do n’t want to say that everyone who gets into any of this stuff is doing so for these reasons , because sometimes these do make sense and are strategically appropriate ( well , not the mass murder part ) .
I ’m just saying that there is this sort of psychology that gives an independent push along this spectrum that ’s independent of how smart an idea it really is .
Potentially more dangerous is when this unstable ego - drive takes a more organised form , emphasising not the heroic spontaneity of hurling a petrol bomb but the tight discipline of an organised party .
And sometimes , worst of all , such a party will ride a wave of popular rebellion and actually take power .
The process rather resembles someone trying to ride a horse ( with the intention of ‘ guiding it ’ ) , and holding on by the neck .
This impedes the animal from being able to breathe , and if it ’s already weak , it ’ll probably start thrashing about , trying to escape – which the rider is psychologically bound to interpret as indicating its unsteadiness and greater need to be ‘ guided ’ , and so to tighten their grip to avoid falling off .
The eventual result is , of course , someone straddling a dead horse and screaming at it to keep galloping .
In both this case , and the case of the accomodating reformist , the state acquires importance as a result of the weakness of genuine revolutionary force – and then in turn feeds into that weakness .
Why must we be moderate and accept the gouging compromises of parliamentary politics ?
Because there ’s no prospect of anything more serious happening – and some of us are quite glad of that , because look at what revolutions lead to – Bolshevik dictatorship !
Why must we establish the secret police and impose harsh discipline on the workers ?
Because our position is so fragile , so easily defeated , that if we do n’t things will fall apart – and some of us are quite glad of that , because at what democracy leads to – parliamentary betrayals !
The state plays the same role for both : the squarer of circles .
In a situation where the forces and conditions for revolution do not exist ( perhaps because you ’ve already helped do them in ) , you ’re not going to get revolution .
It ’s sad but it ’s true .
And when ‘ the state ’ , either an actual one or a hypothetical one , promises that you might , that a revolution might be ‘ made ’ , it ’s just lying , just like it lies about most other things .
This is n’t a very inspiring or heartening idea .
But I think it follows from appreciating just how incredible is our goal .
When we say ‘ revolution ’ , we do n’t just mean any revolution ( there have been plenty of those , and look where they ’ve got us ) .
We mean a process that will decisively break the hold of oppression on humanity – that is , which will do something which thousands of previous revolutions have failed to do .
We ’re talking about short - circuiting a system which is millenia old and which conditions every part of our lives .
We ’re all a little bit crazy even for imagining such a thing .
While meeting with Gigabyte at Computex , we were let in on a little bit of information regarding AMD 's unlock - block for new Phenom II CPUs .
As many already know , it 's possible to unlock the disabled cores on recent Phenom II processors , allowing you to get up to 4 cores working .
Many who have tried this say that they gain some considerable speed , but there 's a risk .
The cores are disabled for a reason : they do n't work properly .
Because of this , AMD will , for example , sell a 4 - core processor at 2 - cores , for a much cheaper price .
AMD announced that it would release new microcode for motherboard BIOS updates that will disable the core- unlocking feature , preventing people from going to 4 - cores if they purchased say a dual - core Phenom II .
The solution is not to upgrade your motherboard 's BIOS if you have a board that can unlock cores .
But what if your motherboard maker releases BIOS updates that add or fix features ?
You would have to choose .
Do you want fixes and improvements or do you want to stick with the ability to unlock CPU cores ?
Gigabyte says you do n't have to on its motherboards with Dual - BIOS technology .
Essentially , Gigabyte said that it will store the old microcode in the secondary BIOS chip , and allow you to do normal BIOS updates on the primary chip .
Does this mean that you can't have a backup firmware of your latest BIOS should the first chip corrupt ?
Gigabyte told us no .
The company has upgraded its BIOS chips to be able to store extra information .
The secondary BIOS chip will still backup your BIOS as usual , but have room for the old AMD microcode .
When you update your BIOS , your system will boot using the new BIOS code but it will be injected with the old AMD microcode , allowing you to continue to unlock your CPU cores .
Kudos to Gigabyte for this feature .
By Regina Herzlinger and Robert Book - July 25 , 2009
The fundamental problem with health care reform is the absence of realistic plans to reduce unit costs .
Without cost controls , tens of millions of newly - insured people will further cripple U.S. global competitiveness , which is already grievously injured because the U.S. spends roughly 70 percent more on health care , as a percentage of GDP , than other developed nations , yet cannot point to commensurate 70 percent increases in value .
So far , the Democrats rely on two allegedly cost - controlling remedies - a new national health - insurance marketplace , modeled on the Massachusetts Connector ( which features only private health insurers ) , augmented with a public insurance program .
Advocates aver that the cost problems of Massachusetts , whose marketplace recently required a $ 115 million budget slash , can be remedied with a cost - controlling , government - run program , such as Medicare .
But polls reveal that many Americans do n't buy it .
Does anyone believe that a government - run grocery store would provide more value for the money than successful private - sector stores , like Publix Super Markets ?
Medicare 's alleged cost - controlling ability is illusory , driven by faulty math , regulatory power to shift costs to the private sector , and pricing formulas that pass expenses to taxpayers and future generations .
The 800 - pound gorilla is Medicare 's unfunded liability for future benefits , estimated by Medicare Trustees at $ 38 trillion .
Medicare created this massive liability by charging current enrollees too low a price : government used the payments by working non-beneficiaries to make up the shortfall .
If Medicare were a private insurance company , it would have to increase its costs by an additional trillion dollars annually to account for the interest on this debt ( assuming 3 % interest ) .
But the federal government 's accounting ignores this expense .
Will government continue to rob Peter to pay Paul when it prices the new public plan ?
If so , an estimated 83 million people would eventually move out of private plans into a grossly underpriced Medicare , vastly increasing the liability .
At $ 38 trillion , it already equals than two and a half times 2008 GDP .
Medicare 's cost advantages are dubious in other ways .
Advocates assert that Medicare 's administrative costs are 3 percent ( or 6 - 8 percent with support from other government agencies included ) , compared to 14 to 22 percent for private employer - sponsored health insurance ( depending on the study cited ) , or even more for individually purchased insurance .
On a per-person basis , however , Medicare 's administrative costs are higher than those of private insurance , although private plans have additional administrative expenses , such as state premium taxes , marketing , and returns for stockholders .
Medicare administrative expenses appear lower as a percentage of total costs only because enrollees need , on average , more health care services than those privately insured .
Expressing them as a percentage makes Medicare 's administrative costs appear lower because they are spread over a larger base of health care costs .
To be sure , the average general and administrative expenses of US private insurers are far higher than those in Switzerland , where expenses average 5 % ; but the public plan is even worse .
Medicare and Medicaid 's regulatory power also enables them to underpay providers by an estimated $ 90 billion dollars compared to private insurers .
Currently , private insurers pay higher prices to take up the slack .
But if the market were entirely composed of public insurers , who would pay providers adequately ?
Faced with reduced pay prospects , all too many doctors , nurses , and other professionals would retire early or , because they are enormously talented people , pursue other occupations .
The looming doctor shortage could become a national crisis as prospective physicians , whose education requires many to incur massive debt , would reluctantly opt for occupations where the government does not control their livelihoods .
The Democrats ' health care reform will likely eventually require drastic rationing of health care for the sick to control costs .
Consider the patients in other public plans - Canadians who may wait a year or longer to get radiation therapy or the millions of Britonsof Britons who wait to get into a hospital or have an outpatient procedure .
Expanding the number of people with health insurance ?
Of course .
But not through a mispriced " public plan . "
That sort of " reform " will maim either our economy or our health , and most likely , both .
US Commerce Secretary talks tough , says China must pay to reduce emissions .
[ Reuters ]
Nissan is scared that there wo n't be enough demand for electric cars .
[ Bloomberg ]
Samsung will spend $ 4.3 billion in the next four years to green its operations .
[ Greentech Media ]
Tiny island nation of Tuvalu is only going to be powered by solar .
[ Clean Technica ]
Pick out which electric car will eventually be right for you .
[ Ride Lust ]
Intelligent Energy raises $ 33 million to commercialize fuel cell technology . [ FT ]
OptiSolar 's manufacturing plant sits abandoned in California .
[ Sacto Bee ]
Do n't worry about Wall Street and carbon credits .
[ Climate Progress ]
How the oil and gas industries will remake their profiles .
[ Politico ]
Activists release a plan to storm global climate talks in Copenhagen in December .
[ Guardian ]
We need more permanant , long term spending plans for green , not one offs like the stimulus .
[ C - T.com ]
Q and A with GE 's head of global research .
[ MIT Tech Review ]
All the recent train crashes are foolishly making people wary of trains .
[ Infrastructurist ]
A 259 car pile up on the Autobahn , largest ever .
[ Jalopnik ]
Worries about what the Treasury grants for renewables means to private equity .
[ Dow Jones ]
READER COMMENTS ON
" Cheney Tried to Deploy U.S. Troops on U.S. Soil , Yoo Delivered the ' Legal ' Memo to Say He Could "
( 43 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... chuck said on 7/25/2009 @ 3:05 pm PT ...
what a fascist jackass .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/25/2009 @ 3:50 pm PT ...
Oh oh !
Big trouble ...
This means that obama will actually DEPLOY U.S. TROUPS ON U.S. SOIL because , to day , he has picked up EVERYTHING where chimpy / cheney left off .
... no accountability , endless wars , signing statements , massive give - aways to corporations , torture , and even less transparency .
Candidate obama was just a slick huckster - it cheney / chimpy said it was OK - he is gonna do it next !
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/25/2009 @ 5:18 pm PT ...
So , what do the " CONSERVATIVES " have to say about this ?
They were always a bunch of FAKES , anyway !
This is exactly why conservatives cannot be taken seriously , ever .
Their silence is very loud .
How can you take them seriously , if they do n't say anything about this ?
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Spiro said on 7/25/2009 @ 7:18 pm PT ...
Hey ANOTHER JOE , I think Chuck 's reply was about you !
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/25/2009 @ 8:00 pm PT ...
Someone obviously did n't listen to ACCOUNTABILITY FRIDAY - go ahead , moron , be an obama - bot and give the dems a " free pass " one everything .
Just gotta laugh at the crowd that wants to hold one side of the coin accountable and then mindlessly cheerlead the other side .
Not that flamers actually read posts or are looking for information , but to those that read and think - here 's some points to consider : * Significantly expand the reach and intensity of imperial violence ( replete with the mass slaughter of civilians and the related escalation of targeted assassinations ) in South Asia .
* Promote a notorious assassin and death - squad leader ( Lt. General Stanley A McChrystal - former chief of the military 's special Joint Special Operations Command ) to the position of Commander of U.S. Forces in the newly merged " Af - Pak " war theater .
* Sustain the criminal occupation of Iraq beneath rhetoric of withdrawal .
* Increase " defense " ( empire ) spending , consistent with the following statement in a report issued by the leading Wall Street investment firm Morgan Stanley one day after Obama 's presidential election victory : " As we understand it , Obama has been advised and agrees that there is no peace dividend . "
* Revive military commissions .
* Continue the practice of renditions .
* Maintain secret prisons for persons " held on a short - term , transitory basis . " * Continue the unspeakable torture of prisoners by an " extrajudicial terror squad " ( Jeremy Scahill 's description of the Pentagon 's sadistic " Immediate Reaction Force " in Cuba ) at Guantanamo Bay .
* Advance the policy of " indefinite detention " ( potentially permanent incarceration ) for Guantanamo prisoners for whom no legally compelling evidence can be marshaled .
* Intimidate [ Britain ] ( with a threat to withhold intelligence data on potential terrorist attacks ! ) into preventing a Guantanamo victim from having his day in court on the Bush administration 's torture practices .
* Sustain the Bush administration 's abrogation of habeas corpus rights in regard to the roughly 600 " enemy combatants " kept at the Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan ( where people rendered out of other countries like Yemen and England can be considered " war [ - zone ] " prisoners !. *
Advance nauseatingly specious legal and moral arguments ( " better to look forward than backward " ) to prevent serious federal investigation of the Bush administration 's human rights crimes .
* Sustain George W. Bush 's domestic wiretapping program . * Invoke the " state secrets " ( akin to the divine right of kings ) doctrine to prevent disclosure of evidence in response to lawsuits emerging from Bush era rendition and surveillance policies .
* Suppress photographic evidence of U.S. torture practices .
* Justify all this and more in the name of the supposed " global war on terror " that was supposedly launched in legitimate defense against the supposedly unprovoked jetliner attacks of September 11 , 2001 .
* Disregard qualified progressive defenders of civil liberties and human rights from consideration for appointment to succeed Supreme Justice David H. Souter and to thereby counter the hard right leanings of the court 's conservative majority .
*
Send clear signals of intent to roll back and partially privatize Social Security and Medicare benefits .
* Betray campaign pledges to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) to insert stronger labor and environmental protections .
* Betray campaign pledges of serious intent to advance an elementary and overdue labor law reform ( the Employee Free Choice Act ) .
* Force and approve an automobile industry re-structuring that drastically cuts domestic autoworkers ' jobs , wages and benefits while subsidizing General Motors ' further shifting of jobs abroad .
* Advance a tepid , business - friendly health care " reform " that leaves the leading parasitic insurance corporations ( major campaign sponsors of his ) in power .
* " Methodically erase single - payer advocates from the picture " ( Glen Ford ) of health care reform despite the fact that a majority of Americans have long favored a single - payer ( " Medicare for all " ) health insurance system .
* Spend trillions of federal dollars on taxpayer handouts to giant Wall Street firms who spent millions on his campaign and who drove the economy over the cliff .
Obama 's Wall Street bailout rejects the elementary bank nationalizations and public financial restructuring that are required to put the nation 's credit system on a sound and socially responsible basis , choosing instead to guarantee the financial , insurance , and real estate industries ' toxic , hyper - inflated assets while keeping existing Wall Street management in place .
It amounts to a giant effort to " keep perpetrators afloat " ( liberal economist James Gailbraith ) through a scheme in which the government takes more than 90 percent of the risk but private investors reap at least half the reward .
Sounded like Friday 's show was largely about acknowledging these issues and holding those responsible accountable .
But if it makes you feel kewl to come here and be an obama propaganda shill - KNOCK YOURSELF OUT !
No one will buy it !
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Gos said on 7/25/2009 @ 8:10 pm PT ...
Can we get back to the real issues here ?
Our health care system needs to be overhauled .
Why , in Israel their health plan covers organ transplants even if the organs are illegally harvested ( sometimes at gunpoint ) from the poor , yet here medicaid does n't even cover dental .
WTF .
http://cannonfire.blogsp...truth-about-israels.html
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/25/2009 @ 8:23 pm PT ...
Gos - the REAL ISSUE is that expecting meaningful change in healthcare from he same folks that are continuing the policies of cheney / chimpy / yoo is INSANTITY .
The dems talk a good game - the repugs and the pundits are lying liars .
They tell lies and will contribute nothing but discourse to the debate .
Our real problem is the blue dogs , however , if obama and the rest of the blue dogs will not take a strong stand , showing them up and shaming them in front of their constituencies and the nation - then the real problem is THE PEOPLE THAT PROMISED US YES WE CAN IN THE FALL AND NOW ARE SAYING NO WE CAN'T .
Talking a good game , hiding behind " bipartisan " liars , and letting a handful of blue dogs obstruct healthcare reform is not YES WE CAN !
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/25/2009 @ 8:31 pm PT ...
You do n't think Cheney trying to sic the military on citizens is a " real issue " ?
Is it only a " real issue " if it 's Israel bashing ?
I am an avid Israel basher , Gos , but you 're just a damn pain in the ass about this stuff .
Where were you last night when we were asking you to call in and hold Brad accountable ?
No , instead , you have to come on this thread to stick your head up your ass about " real issues " .
SINCE WHEN IS THE DEATH OF THE CONSTITUTION NOT A " REAL ISSUE " ?
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/25/2009 @ 8:34 pm PT ...
another joe Please do n't do long copy and pastes .
I did n't delete it because it was too good a rejoinder to a crack against you , but you should give the link and a taste of the content ....
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/25/2009 @ 8:36 pm PT ...
99 - since obama , a self - proclaimed " constitutional scholar " and professor decided to pick up where cheney / chimpy / yoo left off .
The obamabots will not be able to see what it a real issue and , even worse , they fail to grasp the inherent dishonesty between the administration 's rhetoric and its action .
Those that think politicians that undermine our constitution , lying about it while they do it , are not going to deliver meaningful change .
Who do they work for ?
Follow the money trail - wall street was behind obama last year .
Gee ... who do you think he actually serves ?
No wonder he needs to consider the cheney / chimpy / yoo assault on the constitution .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/25/2009 @ 8:39 pm PT ...
99 - delete whatever you want .
If you really think that it matters and that you are so important to do so - be my guest .
All of a half dozen people will read this thread .
Knock yourself out , pretend you are in front of a parade .
Be a little blog goddess and delete to your heart 's content .
Does n't add anything to the dialog , certainly does n't inform anyone , and it is n't going to bring anyone back .
Go ahead - delete and make my day !
[ ed note : Hey .
Figure out who your friends are .
Cool off so you can SEE , and get over yourself ... please .
You are mistaken about the number of people who'll read this thread .
Less than 1 % of the readers of any blog ever comment .
You do n't need to be spending Brad 's no money on bandwidth if it 's elsewhere on the web .
That 's a courtesy to your host and to the others who come here .
And if you think I am into blog - goddesstude , you must not be paying attention .... -- 99 ]
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/25/2009 @ 8:44 pm PT ...
I 'm with you , aj .
I think Obama is following orders as steadfastly and more smoothly as * and Fudd did .
I think this really is the 9th year of the * administration .
I 'm so pissed off at Obama , he so does NOT want to be in the same room as me and a cast iron frying pan .
He has completely dropped his morals and relies on the hypnotized and the bribed to keep him popular despite doing everything to sell out America .
I 'm sure it 's worse than just selling out .
I 'm sure he does n't want his daughters murdered , but ... tough shit !
That oath does n't say , " ... unless you 're scared ..... "
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/25/2009 @ 8:49 pm PT ...
And speaking of criticism of some Jewish people , WTF is up with SELLING BODY PARTS IN JERSEY
If they were selling foreskins left over from the h'orderves tray at a Brit milah , I could understand it .
BUT IT IS KIDNEYS AND THEY TAKE THEM FROM THE POOR AT GUNPOINT !
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/25/2009 @ 8:51 pm PT ...
obama knew what he was running for and played the game before he took the oath - even if there were legit reasons to be scared , he would not have played the game unless he was willing to go along .
Even more importantly , the folks that underwrote his rise to power would n't have given him a dime if they did n't know he would be under their thumb .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/25/2009 @ 8:56 pm PT ...
No matter whatever lever we pull in November , a lemon tumbles out .
We either get band of neocons that lies to us , undermine the constitution , and loot the federal treasury or we get dems that lies to us , undermines the constitution , tells us " moving forward " means ignoring the ongoing thefts from public coffers that wildly exceed avarice , and an endless string of phony excuses justifying their new tune , " NO WE CAN'T ! "
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/25/2009 @ 9:00 pm PT ...
IMPORTANT BREAKING NEWS !
Idaho man sodomized by police Taser plans to sue A Boise , Idaho , police officer who pushed a Taser inside a man ’s buttocks and threatened to “ Taser his balls ” violated use - of - force policy , but did n’t break the law , an ombudsman has found .
The man in question , whose identity is being withheld , plans to sue the Boise police .
IS THIS ENOUGH OF A TASTE FOR YAm 99 !!!!!!!!!!!
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/25/2009 @ 9:04 pm PT ...
Rather too much of one .
Did I miss where it said , " Open Thread " or whut ?
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/25/2009 @ 9:09 pm PT ...
... course , I guess police taser sodomy really does follow from legal authorizations like Yoo 's ... all in the fascist coninuüm ....
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/25/2009 @ 9:19 pm PT ...
Too much for ya ?
But you said ...
How about those leftovers from the Brit milah platter - is the enough of a " taste " of the story there ?
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Sally said on 7/26/2009 @ 3:14 am PT ...
Another Joe
Keep shouting the truth friend .
Open thread niceties might just be ( way ) past their time .
Refocus people on the Obama administration before they systematically destroy America .
Things are headed to hell very quickly if you fail to sound the Obamalarm .
There needs to be an even stronger anti Obama / Democrat / Republican campaign than there was anti-Bush campaign begin in earnest .
Do n't lets these bastards win any more time .
Its too late already .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/26/2009 @ 5:10 am PT ...
That always cracks me up , when someone says we should n't talk about something , because it " takes away from the ' real issues ' " .
I always say : " We can talk about more than one issue at a time " .
That 's my saying !
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/26/2009 @ 5:12 am PT ...
It 's creating a false argument , saying that if we talk about Cheney and deploying troops , we can't talk about health care .
That is a fallacy , to " make up " that if you talk about ONE THING , you can't talk about ANOTHER THING .
A totally false , " made up " argument .
And illogical .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/26/2009 @ 5:22 am PT ...
GOS 's comment is correct , though , besides the not being able to talk about BOTH things ... I agree with the comment .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/26/2009 @ 5:35 am PT ...
None of my comments are really OT .
This thread is about treason .
Many of these issues started under cheney / chimpy and the used folks like gonzo and yoo to provide cover .
The law is clear .
THOSE THAT ABIDE AND ABET TREASON ARE GUILTY OF TREASON !
If we are going to talk about the criminality of the criminal cabal behind dur chimpfurher , then we also need to talk about the current administration that is continuing much of the criminality and refusing to hold anyone accountable .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/26/2009 @ 5:37 am PT ...
give me a break , 99 and get over yourself .
I have many projects , videos , and blogs online - you and I ( and anyone else that has projects on servers ) know that bandwidth is in chunks and that there is actually no additional cost for each of these posts .
Maybe you think you can sway some by proclaiming that somehow a few KB of text use up all you bandwidth - but it is a lie !
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/26/2009 @ 5:39 am PT ...
Big Dan - none of the issues we talk about exist in a vacuum .
We cannot have a dialog about issues if we refuse to acknowledge relationships between issues .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/26/2009 @ 5:50 am PT ...
99 - if you are going to make up stats , please be more convincing .
Say : .8597 % of blog readers do n't post commnets .
It makes people think that numbers pulled out of one 's butt were actually scientifically calculated , in this case , to four decimals to increase accuracy !
But you 're right about knowing who your friends are - does this mean we have a date ?
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... steve said on 7/26/2009 @ 8:45 am PT ...
Hey , Joe , man you got a big mouth .
There 's a reason there 's a topic at the top of this page , because it 's worthy of discussion .
In case you have n't noticed , you have a real tendency to avoid the issue and whine about needing to say everything no matter what 's being discussed .
Just shut up , already ; you added your two cents , and now you 're out of money .
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/26/2009 @ 9:08 am PT ...
steve - I had 2 more cents than you had .
I do n't have to tell you to stfu because you have just showed the world you have absolutely nothing to say .
what a whiner ...
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Disillusioned said on 7/26/2009 @ 10:05 am PT ...
I wont even begin to think anything has changed until
Yoo is disbarred , followed by legal prosecution against him .
Obama is proving to be bush v3.0 , smarter , slicker , and just as ruinous of our constitution .
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Disillusioned said on 7/26/2009 @ 10:09 am PT ...
Apparently if hitler had a low level attorney write memos that gassing jews and other atrocities were legally allowed , I guess there would have been no war crimes by the nazis during WWII .
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Mooser said on 7/26/2009 @ 11:08 am PT ...
What I can't figure out is this :
Why is Obama covering the backs of every single person who will galadly , gleefully put a knife in his ?
And also :
What the hell does Obama think the military and intelligence screw - ups are going to do for him , that they could n't accomplish for George Bush , who they ostensibly adored ?
Obama is a chump .
Does he really think that now that he's in charge , all of Bush 's " War on Terror " BS is gonna work out great ?
The whole thing was rotten from the beginning , and Obam can't make it any better .
If they could have " won " they would have done it for Bush .
Obama they will just bullshit until he gets in way over his head , and then they will gladly hold him under .
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/26/2009 @ 12:27 pm PT ...
Probably , another joe , all six of your readers comment , and that 's why you are so confused ; and probably you are n't very good at math , but very picky about it anyway ; and probably your remaining testicle would have turned up missing after going for a cup of coffee with me ....
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 7/26/2009 @ 1:21 pm PT ...
Another Joe , do you really think you are bringing anything enlightening , insightful , intelligent , or even entertaining ?
You sure are pig - headed and stubborn .
This thread WAS NOT about treason , jackass .
Nor was it about YOU and YOUR THOUGHTS .
So get off your high - horse before the 1 % of bloggers that reply KNOCK YOU OFF OF IT .
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/26/2009 @ 2:06 pm PT ...
I agree with mooser - can't talk about the treason and criminality of previous administration without acknowledging that the current administration has given it all a FREE PASS and is therefor
actually committing treason !
boo hoo - 99 and whoever , " I posted an online forum and people had comments that were not part of my script ! "
What a bunch of whiners ...
If only all the actors would play the roles dutifully assigned by folks that have very little to say for themselves .
Just too funny when people complain about posts without adding anything to the dialog !
Call the waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabulance !
Someone actually posted THEIR opinion and not MINE !
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/26/2009 @ 2:08 pm PT ...
chris - if you are gonna lie , do it right .
Say .897648162 % and create the illusion that you might actually know what you are talkin ' about .
And then , dramatize your point by proclaiming that the cost of bandwidth and hosting for a string of ASCII text is somehow gonna break the banks !
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/26/2009 @ 2:15 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/26/2009 @ 5:39 am PT ...
Big Dan - none of the issues we talk about exist in a vacuum .
We cannot have a dialog about issues if we refuse to acknowledge relationships between issues .
I agree with you .
I was saying , we could talk about both health care AND treason .
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Gos said on 7/26/2009 @ 5:55 pm PT ...
Clearly the constitution matters , but not to the lawless and paid off fascists that run the country and have for a long time , at least since Kennedy got his head blown off , I 'm guessing .
I do n't see how anyone could think that people who are willing to kill , bribe , frame whatever to keep their corrupt power structure in place are going to respond to the rule of law , so why get upset if and when they do n't ?
And my original post was done tongue in cheek so take it with a bit of humor people .
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... lottakatz said on 7/26/2009 @ 8:35 pm PT ...
It 's allready happnin ' but at a slow , incremental pace . :
https://www.checkpointus...ines_manning_san_bernard
http://www.congresscheck...checkpoint-in-tennessee/
http://www.sanfelipe.com...ng_here/checkpoints.html
*** From a Psy - Op point of view having a police force increasingly militarized in look and attitude as we currently do have , is a valuable step in desensitizing citizens to the sight of their military assuming duties more appropriate for civilian law enforcement .
Having the military perform civilian law enforcement duties periodically and in conjunction with civilian law enforcement personnel is another step in desensitizing the citizenry to the prospect of many civilian law enforcement duties being done routinely by the military with or without civilian law enforcement in attendance .
Cheny did n't get his way because IMO , he wanted to move too fast .
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... DebbieKat said on 7/27/2009 @ 1:16 pm PT ...
Another Joe -
For what it 's worth , I completely agree with your assessment of Obama .
I voted for Nader .
I saw the writing on the wall with Obama when I saw his voting record ( or lack thereof ) in the senate .
There was never anything progressive about him .
He threw his constitutional scholar credentials under the bus when he voted for the patriot act and fisa without retroactive immunity and with his support of faith - based initiatives .
I just wish more people would have seen it coming .
I hope we get some more worthy candidates in 2012 and that people 's eyes are more open now that they are seeing the backtracking on all his promises .
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... John H Kennedy said on 7/27/2009 @ 8:24 pm PT ...
another joe said " We either get band of neocons that lies to us , undermine the constitution , and loot the federal treasury or we get dems that lies to us , undermines the constitution , tells us " moving forward " means ignoring the ongoing thefts from public coffers that wildly exceed avarice , and an endless string of phony excuses justifying their new tune , " NO WE CAN'T ! " "
I 'm sympathetic joe but we gotta " do something to change it " .
Not saying you do n't ... but
If we vote in a stinker Dem WE are the ones who have the responsibility to discipline the politician .
If they refuse to listen to us threaten to un-elect them and Follow Through !
Give them fits ducking your barbs .
Show no mercy .
Continually re-electing Democrats that lie to us is no solution .
We must change their attitude towards us .
A little political fear if you will .
As an example take [ my comment on this thread ] .... [ ed note : Duplicated part of comment deleted .
JHK , please read our rules for commenting .
Thank you . -- 99 ]
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 7/27/2009 @ 11:53 pm PT ...
I think it 's very hard for commenters to hold back on whatever pops into their minds , especially with the very liberal policies of this blog .
It 's sort of like looking up a word in the dictionary and having to go ten different places which do n't relate whatsoever to the original word you were trying to define .
That 's not a bad thing .
The bad thing is when a thread about Cheney 's lawlessness is n't even addressed in the comments section and Obama 's is .
It looks suspicious to me .
My real name is as posted and I'm " in the book "
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... hologram5 said on 7/30/2009 @ 10:17 am PT ...
Jonathan 8 Reasons Why Technology Has Ruined Relationships , Friendships and Lives Technology , with all its advancements , has indeed made a profound difference in our lives .
From the earliest of times where life was hard , and people
Jonathan What Is the Impact of Technology on Our Lives ?
Technology , at its core , is driven by one single principle — the principle of artificial reduction of human efforts .
From the moment when man invented the wheel
Team How to Delete Naukri Account – 3 Super Easy Methods Naukri is the leader in job portals in India .
In its 17 years of journey , it has broken many grounds as a pioneering organization .
The
Team Thewatchseries .to
Is Down – Here ’s 12 Best Legal Alternatives
Who does n’t like the idea of watching their favorite TV shows from the comfort of their laptop , smartphone , or tablet on a sunny Saturday afternoon ?
Team Smart Bulb vs Smart Switch – Convenience and Cost Smart switches and smart bulbs are essential to have if you are already invested in making your home smart or are looking to start .
It‘s
Jonathan 11 Best Backpage Alternative Websites
In 2019 – 2020 Backpage is down !
This is not something unexpected , but it does put a lot of Adult service providers out of business .
While it ’s good that
Jonathan Best Crowdfunding Platforms in 2020
Do you know how most of the business owners boost up their new business growth ?
Although there are several ways with the help of which
Antimatter Propulsion : A Critical Look
Antimatter ’s allure for deep space propulsion is obvious .
If matter is congealed energy , we need to find the best way to extract that energy , and our existing rockets are grossly inefficient .
Even the best chemical rocket pulls only a billionth of the energy available in the atoms of its fuel , while a fission reaction , powerful as it seems , is tapping one part in a thousand of what is available .
Fusion reactions like those in a hydrogen bomb use up something on the order of one percent of the total energy within matter .
But antimatter can theoretically unlock all of it .
Freeing Trapped Energy
The numbers are startling .
A kilogram of antimatter , annihilating with ordinary matter , can produce ten billion times the amount of energy released when a kilogram of TNT explodes .
Heck , a single gram of antimatter , which is about 1/25th of an ounce , would get you as much energy as you could produce from the fuel tanks of two dozen Space Shuttles .
This is the ultimate kick if we can figure out a way to harvest all this energy , but as particle physicist and author Frank Close ( Oxford University ) shows in his new book Antimatter ( Oxford University Press , 2009 ) , we ’re a long way from knowing how to go about this .
Close is a good , clear writer .
Even the most abstruse parts of Antimatter — and that includes a thorny section on Paul Dirac ’s use of the mathematical tools called ‘ matrices ’ to plumb the depths of antimatter ’s role in the universe — are rendered forthrightly and understandably .
And the conundrum of antimatter storage receives considerable attention .
We can store the stuff in magnetic bottles but if we store positrons or antiprotons alone , we face the problem that like charges repel , which means we ca n’t put in large quantities ( even if we had them ) due to the repulsive forces that inevitably cause leakage .
Neutral anti-hydrogen is also tricky because it is not responsive to the electric and magnetic fields we were hoping to use to keep matter and antimatter apart .
Current Storage and Proposed Options
You can see what this does to our thinking about antimatter in spacecraft .
We ’ve got to find ways to store antimatter in quantity that are n’t themselves so heavy that they become a huge factor in total mass .
Of Gerald Smith ’s work at Penn State and , later , Positronics Research , Close is skeptical .
In one Smith paper , the authors outlined the basics of a trap that would carry a billion antiprotons for ten days .
This was meant to be a prototype of a trap that would carry 1014 antiprotons for up to 120 days , sufficient for a round trip Mars mission .
There is much more in the Smith proposal , but Close sees little to recommend it , at least so far :
This appears to have been more a management plan of how one would approach such a challenge rather than any tested proven route to a new technology .
Ten years later , nothing like this has been achieved , nor was any of the work at CERN devoted to such endeavours .
The maximum number of antiprotons ever stored in a trap is a million , and the focus of current research is on containing small numbers for precision measurements .
Antimatter in Quantity ?
And we also have to reckon with ways to produce antimatter in sufficient quantity .
Right now the energy inefficiency is enormous .
Says Close :
… since the discovery of the antiproton in 1955 , with LEAR at CERN and similar technology at Fermilab , the total amounts to less than a millionth of a gram .
If we could collect together all that antimatter and then annihilate it with matter , we would only have enough energy to light a single electric light bulb for a few minutes .
By contrast the energy expended in making it could have illuminated Times Square or Piccadilly Circus .
At the current rate ( maybe a nanogram a year costing tens of millions of dollars ) , it would take hundreds of millions of years and over $ 1,000 trillion to produce one gram of antimatter .
Or try this out :
To make a gram of antiprotons you will need 6 x 1023 of them , while a gram of positrons would require 1026 .
The most intense source of antiprotons is at Fermilab , USA .
Their record production over a month in June 2007 produced 1014 antiprotons .
Were they able to do this every month for a year they could produce about 1015 , which equates to 1.5 billionths of a gram , or nanograms .
Were we able to retain all of these antiprotons and annihilate them with 1.5 nanograms of matter , the total energy released would be about 270 Joules , which is like five seconds illumination by a feeble light bulb .
A Sail Concept Using Antimatter
No easy solutions in Close ’s book .
The antimatter rocket idea — annihilate antimatter with matter to produce gamma rays that heat a propellant before expelling it out the back of the rocket — sounds good until we reckon in the impracticality of storage and the current inability to produce antimatter in quantity .
Antimatter is excellent at showing you the state of the art and where we may be heading in the near future , but it also reminds us of the need to modify our space concepts .
Steve Howe ’s fission - based ‘ antimatter sail , ’ for example , is built around the idea that we have huge constraints on antimatter production .
Think of a sail coated with a layer of uranium - 235 .
A tiny amount of antimatter released from the spacecraft creates fission which kicks the payload to 116 kilometers per second , in Howe ’s formulation of a mission to 250 AU .
The key is the storage of antihydrogen , an antimatter atom consisting of an antiproton orbited by a positron , in the form of frozen pellets that evaporate as they drift toward the sail .
We ’re talking about a sail a mere fifteen feet in diameter , relying on antimatter for its punch .
Image : The Howe concept , a sail using antimatter to trigger a fission reaction .
Credit : NIAC / Steve Howe .
Rather than thinking in terms of large storage tanks of the stuff , we ’ll have to learn to work with what we ’ve got or what we can harvest in the Solar System .
That does n’t mean that there wo n’t be future breakthroughs in production — at least , we ca n’t rule these out — but realistic antimatter work for the near term will have to involve ways to store tiny amounts in efficient containers and use them to catalyze other reactions .
Steve Howe ’s NIAC paper on the antimatter sail not only discusses a propulsion method but NIAC also has his report on ingenious storage options .
Despite NIAC ’s closure , we can still get the benefit of reports like Howe ’s online .
• ' Milan have remained in my heart , ' says Beckham • Midfielder would welcome a reunion in Italy
David Beckham has admitted he is hoping to return to Milan next season and says he is confident a deal can be struck .
The Los Angeles Galaxy midfielder impressed during a six - month loan spell with the Rossoneri last season and the club's new coach Leonardo has made it clear he would welcome him back at the end of the Major League Soccer season .
" I hope to return to play for Milan , " he said .
" They have remained in my heart and honestly I am confident I will greet them again in November .
Leonardo wants me immediately ?
It 's really pleasing to see that I have left good memories . "
Speculation is mounting Beckham could leave the Galaxy sooner than expected as his relationship with the club 's fans continues to grow sour .
The England international was roundly booed in yesterday 's friendly against Milan and had an ugly confrontation with supporters at half - time in what was his first home game since his return from Italy .
However , Galaxy would likely demand close to € 13 m ( £ 11 m ) for the 34 - year - old .
Milan 's chief executive , Adriano Galliani said yesterday he hoped the former England captain would return to Milan - but that it would not happen this year .
" David knows the gates of Milanello [ Milan 's training ground ] are open for him , his lawyers know that too , " he said .
" I hope he returns in January .
The most probable scenario is that Beckham comes in January until the end of next season and then returns to America .
Before January there is no chance . "
Yum !
Restaurants , makers of KFC , will ditch palm oil for a healthier alternative , two years after the company stared down the Federal Government and refused to change its ways .
The change coincides with the announcement today that a range of grilled chicken fillet options will be added to the Australian menu , following a successful launch in the US early last year of a grilled on - the - bone variation .
Backdown ... KFC ditches palm oil for a healthier alternative .
KFC was one of the last few major fast foods chains to resist the move away from palm oil for frying .
The oil , although low in trans fat ( 1 per cent or less ) is 52 per cent saturated fat , making it a major contributor to cardiovascular disease , according to the World Health Organisation .
Production of the oil has also been responsible for the illegal clearing of thousands of hectares of rainforest in countries such as Indonesia and Malaysia , but a KFC spokeswoman told the the company used only oil certified by the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil .
The Sahelian zone of Africa , with one of the world 's fastest - growing populations , is an area of spreading conflict .
In troubled Sudan , two million people have died and over four million have been displaced in the long - standing conflict of more than 20 years between the Muslim north and the Christian south .
The more recent conflict in the Darfur region in western Sudan that began in 2003 illustrates the mounting tensions between two Muslim groups — camel herders and subsistence farmers .
Government troops are backing Arab militias , who are engaging in the wholesale slaughter of black Sudanese in an effort to drive them off their land , sending them into refugee camps in neighboring Chad .
At least some 200,000 people have been killed in the conflict , and another 250,000 have died of hunger and disease in the refugee camps .
The story of Darfur is that of the Sahel , the semiarid region of grassland and dryland farming that stretches across Africa from Senegal in the west to Somalia in the east .
In the northern Sahel , grassland is turning to desert , forcing herders southward into the farming areas .
Declining rainfall and overgrazing are combining to destroy the grasslands .
Well before the rainfall decline , the seeds for the conflict were being sown as Sudan 's population climbed from nine million in 1950 to 39 million in 2007 , more than a fourfold rise .
Meanwhile , the cattle population increased from fewer than seven million to 40 million , an increase of nearly sixfold .
The number of sheep and goats together increased from fewer than 14 million to 113 million , an eightfold increase .
No grasslands can survive such rapid continuous growth in livestock populations .
In Nigeria , where 148 million people are crammed into an area not much larger than Texas , overgrazing and overplowing are converting grassland and cropland into desert , putting farmers and herders in a war for survival .
Unfortunately , the division between herders and farmers is also often the division between Muslims and Christians .
The competition for land , amplified by religious differences and combined with a large number of frustrated young men with guns , has created a volatile and violent situation where finally , in mid-2004 , the government imposed emergency rule .
Rwanda has become a classic case study in how mounting population pressure can translate into political tension , conflict and social tragedy .
James Gasana , who was Rwanda 's Minister of Agriculture and Environment in 1990 - 92 , warned in 1990 that without " profound transformations in its agriculture , [ Rwanda ] will not be capable of feeding adequately its population under the present growth rate . "
Although the country 's demographers projected major future gains in population , Gasana said that he did not see how Rwanda would reach ten million inhabitants without social disorder " unless important progress in agriculture , as well as other sectors of the economy , were achieved . "
In 1950 , Rwanda 's population was 2.4 million .
By 1993 , it had tripled to 7.5 million , making it the most densely populated country in Africa .
As its population grew , so did the demand for firewood .
By 1991 , the demand was more than double the sustainable yield of local forests .
As trees disappeared , straw and other crop residues were used for cooking fuel .
With less organic matter in the soil , land fertility declined .
As the health of the land deteriorated , so did that of the people dependent on it .
Eventually there was simply not enough food to go around .
A quiet desperation developed .
Like a drought - afflicted countryside , it could be ignited with a single match .
That ignition came with the crash of a plane on April 6 , 1994 , shot down as it approached the capital Kigali , killing President Juvenal Habyarimana .
The crash unleashed an organized attack by Hutus , leading to an estimated 800,000 deaths of Tutsis and moderate Hutus in 100 days .
Many other African countries , largely rural in nature , are on a demographic track similar to Rwanda's .
Tanzania 's population of 40 million in 2007 is projected to increase to 85 million by 2050 .
In the Democratic Republic of the Congo , the population is projected to triple from 63 million to 187 million .
Africa is not alone .
In India , tension between Hindus and Muslims is never far below the surface .
As each successive generation further subdivides already small plots , pressure on the land is intense .
The pressure on water resources is even greater .
With India 's population projected to grow from 1.2 billion in 2007 to 1.7 billion in 2050 , a collision between rising human numbers and shrinking water supplies seems inevitable .
The risk is that India could face social conflicts that would dwarf those in Rwanda .
The relationship between population and natural systems is a national security issue , one that can spawn conflicts along geographic , tribal , ethnic or religious lines .
Disagreements over the allocation of water among countries that share river systems is a common source of international political conflict , especially where populations are outgrowing the flow of the river .
Nowhere is this potential conflict more stark than among Egypt , Sudan and Ethiopia in the Nile River valley .
Agriculture in Egypt , where it rarely rains , is wholly dependent on water from the Nile .
Egypt now gets the lion 's share of the Nile 's water , but its population of 75 million is projected to reach 121 million by 2050 , thus greatly expanding the demand for grain and water .
Sudan , whose 39 million people also depend heavily on food produced with Nile water , is expected to have 73 million by 2050 .
And the number of Ethiopians , in the country that controls 85 % of the river 's headwaters , is projected to expand from 83 million to 183 million .
Since there is already little water left in the Nile when it reaches the Mediterranean , if either Sudan or Ethiopia takes more water , then Egypt will get less , making it increasingly difficult to feed an additional 46 million people .
Although there is an existing water rights agreement among the three countries , Ethiopia receives only a minuscule share of water .
Given its aspirations for a better life , and with the Nile being one of its few natural resources , Ethiopia will undoubtedly want to take more .
In the Aral Sea basin in Central Asia , there is an uneasy arrangement among five countries over the sharing of the two rivers , the Amu Darya and the Syr Darya , that drain into the sea .
The demand for water in Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Tajikistan , Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan already exceeds the flow of the two rivers by 25 % .
Turkmenistan , which is upstream on the Amu Darya , is planning to develop another half - million hectares of irrigated agriculture .
Racked by insurgencies , the region lacks the cooperation needed to manage its scarce water resources .
Geographer Sarah O'Hara of the University of Nottingham who studies the region 's water problems , says , " We talk about the developing world and the developed world , but this is the deteriorating world . ”
Editor ’s Note :
This feature is adapted from Chapter 6 , " Early Signs of Decline , " in Lester R. Brown , Plan B 3.0 : Mobilizing to Save Civilization ( New York : W.W. Norton & Company , 2008 ) , available for free downloading and purchase here .
Released on Earth Policy Institute website February 12 , 2008 .
Earlier this week , the EFF published a new report detailing the FBI 's Investigative Data Warehouse , which appears to be something like a combination of Google and a university 's slightly out - of - date custom card catalog with a front - end written for Windows 2000 that uses cartoon icons that some work - study student made in Microsoft Paint .
I guess I 'm supposed to fear the IDW as an invasion of privacy , and indeed I do , but given the report 's description of it and my experiences with the internal - facing software products of large , sprawling , unaccountable bureaucracies , I mostly just fear for our collective safety .
The idea behind the system , which the FBI has been working on since at least 2002 , is that the Bureau can dump all of its information in there so that it can be easily searched and shared .
IDW contains more documents than the Library of Congress — a stew of TIFFs with OCRed text , multiple Oracle databases , news streamed in from the Internet , reports and records in various in - house data formats , watch lists , telephone data , and an alphabet soup of smaller databases and records repositories — all accessible as one sprawling system that processes batch jobs , runs queries , and issues alerts .
In short , the IDW is an " everything bucket " for the FBI .
Complicating the picture is the fact that some parts of the system are classified as " secret , " while others are n't .
I 'm sure the entire thing is a joy to use .
The EFF 's report is based on information obtained over the past three years through litigating a FOIA request ; the organization did n't get everything it wanted from the FOIA , but it got quite a bit .
Some of the e-mails obtained are bureaucratic classics , in which correspondents are fussing over phrasing to be used when testifying before Congress so as to give the proper impression ( e.g. , that they care about privacy ) and generally stay under the radar .
Ultimately , though , the EFF still does n't have a complete picture of all of the data sources that have been added to the IDW , but the group is pretty clear on the direction that the expanding database is headed : data mining for the purpose of catching bad guys before they commit crimes or acts of terror .
Last year I wrote a pretty detailed explanation of why these attempts to use data mining to catch bad guys before - the - fact are all doomed to fail , based on an National Research Council report that made the same point , so I wo n't recap that here .
It suffices to say that the precrime stuff does not work , and will never work , and government should take the money they spend on these projects and hire linguists and other human agents instead .
Listing image by Flickr : vhauri
In public relations , image is everything .
Six months ago , Farmington Hills PR firm Tanner Friedman had its image hijacked by a Twitter impostor who used the firm 's name to send out embarrassing messages via the social networking service .
The impostor , it turns out , was operating out of a building owned by Marx Layne , a rival PR firm that a few years ago was involved in an ugly court case with Don Tanner and Matt Friedman after the pair left the firm to start their own company .
In a victory for Tanner Friedman yesterday , a judge ordered Twitter to give control of the account and identifying information to the firm .
" Whoever would do something like this is , in our opinion , bastardizing the medium , " Tanner told Fox 2 .
" ( The individual ) has no respect for ethics and has no respect for honest communications . "
The impostor used a form of subterfuge to win over followers and convince them of his or her legitimacy , Tanner previously explained .
Tanner Friedman yesterday took control of twitter.com / tannerfriedman and to date has posted only a simple , " Yes , it 's really us . "
Without the court ruling , Tanner Friedman likely would never have learned the culprit was operating out of Marx Layne , but it could have saved court costs simply by verifying its account with Twitter , a new service the social network is offering .
Police found a three - week - old baby boy decapitated and stabbed in a Texas home and his mother " screaming that she killed her baby " after the devil told her to do it .
The mother , Otty Sanchez , 33 , of San Antonio , was taken to hospital in a critical condition with self - inflicted stab wounds to her chest and stomach , said San Antonio police spokesman Joe Rios .
Investigators took a sword , a machete and a kitchen knife from the home .
Officers also found two children unharmed at the home , though it was n't immediately clear where they were taken .
Sanchez would be charged with capital murder , Rios said .
Rios said police were called around 5 a.m. Sunday and found
Otty on the couch " screaming that she killed her baby , " whom police identified as Scott Wesley Buchholtz - Sanchez .
Rios said she told police that she was hearing voices .
The baby was also missing body parts .
Police are investigating claims that the mother made about eating those parts , sources said .
Rios said initial information showed the slain baby was Sanchez ’s only child .
Belfast Telegraph
Point Packing
This contest ended on 10 Oct 2009
The Point Packing Problem
Pack n distinct points in the plane as closely together as possible while satisfying the following constraints :
Each point 's coordinates are nonnegative integers .
The distances between points are pairwise unique .
We quantify how closely together the points are packed by examining the smallest circle which can enclose them .
The smaller the circle , the more closely they are considered to be packed .
Consider the following three examples for n = 4 :
Example A Example B Example C
In examples A and B each of the six point - to - point distances is unique .
Examples A and B are therefore valid packings .
But in example C the distances are not unique .
Example C is therefore invalid .
Now consider the smallest circles that can enclose the points in examples A and B .
Example A Example B
In example A the area of the enclosing circle is 6.25 π .
In example B it is 5 π .
Therefore , example B is the better packing .
The Contest
Submit ( see How to Enter , below ) your best solutions to the point packing problem for values of n from 2 to 26 , inclusive .
There are thus 25 individual problems which you are asked to solve .
You can submit more than one solution for the same problem , but if you do we count only your best solution .
There is no penalty for submitting multiple solutions for the same problem .
See The Scoring System , below , to learn how we determine the winner .
The Prizes
First prize is your choice of any Bathsheba Grossman sculpture from one of these pages :
Second prize is your choice of any Bathsheba Grossman sculpture on one of these pages :
How to Enter
Just paste your solutions into the large box on the Submit page and click the Submit Entry button .
Format your solutions as follows :
An individual solution consists of a comma-delimited list of points .
A point consists of a comma-delimited pair of unsigned integers , enclosed in parentheses .
Submit multiple solutions in a single entry by separating them with semicolons .
Do not put a semicolon after your last solution .
Include spaces and line breaks anywhere you like ( except within a number ) to improve readability .
For example , to submit example A from above ( assuming the origin is at the lower left corner of the diagram ) you might enter : ( 2,1 ) , ( 2,5 ) , ( 3,4 ) , ( 5,5 )
To submit solutions for n = 4 and n = 3 in a single entry , you could enter : ( 1,0 ) , ( 0,3 ) , ( 3,1 ) , ( 3,0 ) ; ( 2,3 ) , ( 0,0 ) , ( 2,2 )
Do not submit entries under more than one account .
This is important .
Do not submit entries under more than one account .
The Scoring System
We give a raw score to each solution you submit .
The raw score is the area of the smallest enclosing circle divided by pi .
For example , examples A and B above would receive raw scores of 6.25 and 5 , respectively .
Each time you submit a solution we will merge it with your prior solutions , if any .
The result will be a virtual entry containing your best solutions for each of the 25 problems .
We will give each of these 25 solutions a subscore from 0 to 1 and their sum will be your contest score .
We calculate subscores for the individual solutions as follows .
If your solution has the lowest raw score that was submitted for that problem , we give it 1 point ; otherwise we give it only a fraction of a point .
The fraction is the solution 's raw score divided into the lowest raw score submitted by anyone for that same problem .
Let 's walk through a simplified example .
Suppose that we reduce the contest to only 3 values of n : 2 , 3 and 4 .
Further suppose that we have 3 entrants ( Huey , Dewey and Louie ) and that these are their best solutions for each of the 3 problems :
2 points 3 points 4 points Huey ( 0,0 ) , ( 1,2 ) ( 0,2 ) , ( 0,3 ) , ( 3,3 ) ( 3,1 ) , ( 1,3 ) , ( 3,0 ) , ( 1,0 ) Dewey ( 0,1 ) , ( 1,0 ) ( 2,3 ) , ( 0,0 ) , ( 2,2 ) ( 3,1 ) , ( 4,2 ) , ( 0,3 ) , ( 4,3 ) Louie ( 0,2 ) , ( 2,2 ) ( 0,2 ) , ( 2,0 ) , ( 0,1 ) ( 1,0 ) , ( 0,3 ) , ( 3,1 ) , ( 3,0 )
The raw scores corresponding to these solutions are :
2 points 3 points 4 points Huey 1.25 2.50 3.25 Dewey 0.50 3.25 4.25 Louie 1.00 2.00 4.50
We note the lowest raw score for each problem , as follows :
2 points 3 points 4 points Lowest Raw Score 0.50 2.00 3.25
Finally , we compute the subscores and contest score for each entrant :
2 points 3 points 4 points Contest Score Huey 0.50 / 1.25 = 0.4000 2.00 / 2.50 = 0.8000 3.25 / 3.25 = 1.0000 2.2000 Dewey 0.50 / 0.50 = 1.0000 2.00 / 3.25 = 0.6154 3.25 / 4.25 = 0.7647 2.3801 Louie 0.50 / 1.00 = 0.5000 2.00 / 2.00 = 1.0000 3.25 / 4.50 = 0.7222 2.2222
Note that the scorer performs all calculations using 64 - bit floating point arithmetic .
In this example we truncated some results for brevity .
If two entrants have the same contest score , we break the tie by giving preference to the entrant whose last improvement was submitted least recently .
Getting Your Questions Answered
First , check the FAQ section below .
If you can't find the information you need there , send your question to the discussion group .
If your question is of a personal nature , and not of general interest , send an email directly to Al Zimmermann .
The Discussion Group
If you think you might enter the contest , you should join the contest discussion group .
You can join either by sending a blank email here or by visiting the group on groups .io .
The discussion group serves two purposes .
First , it allows contestants to ask for clarifications to the rules .
Be aware that sometimes these requests result in changes to the rules , and the first place those changes are announced is in the discussion group .
Second , the discussion group allows contestants to interact with each other regarding programming techniques , results and anything else relevant to the contest .
My Lawyer Would Want Me To Say
This
I reserve the right to discontinue the contest at any time .
I reserve the right to disqualify any entry or entrant for any reason that suits me .
I reserve the right to interpret the rules as I see fit .
I reserve the right to change the contest rules in mid-contest .
In all matters contest - related , my word is final .
Frequently Asked Questions
Can I enter the contest more than once , using different accounts ?
No .
Submitting entries from more than one account is not permitted .
Can teams enter the contest ?
Collaboration is allowed .
However , only one of the collaborators may register .
If two contestants are found to have collaborated , even if this occurred before one or both registered , both will be disqualified .
What information about my solutions can I share in the discussion group ?
There are two types of information that you are forbidden to post .
The first is specific solutions .
The second is code .
You may post scores , so if you want to tell everyone that you got a raw score of 99 for n = 20 ( whether true or not ) , go right ahead .
You may also discuss the algorithms you are using .
How can I find out what my individual subscores are ?
You can't .
I know this is frustrating , but it 's a long standing policy that is n't going to change .
Over the years it 's been hotly debated in the discussion group and the contest administrator appears to have very strong feelings on the matter .
You 're going to have to learn to live with it .
And I 'd think twice before raising the issue yet again .
After I submit a solution , the scorer shows me the solution 's " canonical representation " .
What is that ?
After the scorer calculates your raw score it rotates , reflects , relocates and / or re-orders the points in your solution to create a standard representation of it .
If you plot the points of the canonical solution , you 'll see that it is equivalent to your original solution .
Having canonical versions of your solutions makes it easier to notice when two seemingly different solutions are fundamentally the same .
by
Many business cards are boring to be honest .
Most , if not all just show your name , rank and how you can be contacted .
A guy named James Alliban has decided to used augmented reality to create his business cards .
The cards were printed at moo.com and on the back contain a graphic which is then captured on to a computer via a webcam .
When the camera picks up the little graphic a cool 3D grid of coloured planes pops up , each extruding towards the camera depending on the brightness of the pixel , and then a video can be played back with the business card owner being seen talking with a message about himself .
The only downside is that the receiver of the business card needs a computer to see the content on it .
Of course you can simply print the graphic on one side and then your usual name and address on the other side .
It ’s kind of hard to fully explain , so go ahead and watch the video below to see what it ’s all about .
For nearly a year now , the Bush administration has been screaming to anyone who still bothers to listen to them that these pesky Improvised Explosive Devices would not be nearly so deadly or as prevalent if it were not for evil Iran providing Iraqi resistance fighters the technology and materials to construct the current generation of such devices our boys are getting hit by .
Oh sure , the Iraqis would still be hitting us with roadside bombs , these squawkers say , but they try to give the impression that the devices would be several levels less in sophistication and lethality today , but for them damned Iranians .
To hear Bush 's propoganda spin-meisters put it , if it were n't for Ahmadinejad , the Iraqis would be reduced to throwing nothing but mere Molotov Cocktails .
But is this true ?
Well , it is safe to say the Bush Administration has a credibility problem .
And it has been expected for some time that Bush would like to find an excuse to engage Iran militarily .
Perhaps even stooping low enough to fabricate such an excuse .
They 've done it before , after all .
Key to determining if these allegations are true , as in any challenge of wrong - doing , is Habeus Corpus .
No , not a court challenge , necessarily , but " produce the body " ; ... show us the evidence .
This is the Brave New World Order of the GWOT ( global war on terror ) , however , and Bush 's Ober - Leutnants are n't big on evidence , as we have seen time and time again .
Still , it is indeed true Iran is looking forward to the day when the rest of the world retreats from Iraq so they can absorb it into themselves .
Iran DOES indeed have motivation to assist the Iraqi resistance .
It certainly COULD be true .
Then there is the question of " so what ? "
Even if it IS true , ... does it even matter ?
To guide us in answering these questions for ourselves , we need to know more detail about the specific advantages the Bush camp is claiming Iran has provided .
Until recently , the allegation was that the IEDs planted by Iraqis in the last 2 years have increasingly in ratio consisted of devices using Explosively Formed Penetrators , or EFPs .
EFPs are not a new technology .
They have been around since at least WWII , and are derived from experimentation with the more commonly known Shaped Charge used in most anti-tank warheads .
To understand how the EFP works , let us first examine the Shaped Charge .
An armor - penetrating shaped charge is a cylinder that at one end has an inverted metalic cone ( usually copper ) which said cylinder is filled with explosive .
A detonation is initiated from the end opposite of the inverted copper cone .
As the detonation wave reaches the tip of the cone , the copper is thrust forward with the blast front .
As the blast wave progresses forward , the rest of the cone follows suit .
However , the angle of the cone also directs the progressing detonation wave towards the middle of the empty space of the cone 's cavity , producing a liquified molten jet of copper that is travelling at incredible velocity .
The molten stream of high velocity metal bores a hole through several inches of armor , creating horrible destruction to anyone inside .
Explosive charges such as these are what make up the warhead of nearly any Rocket - Propelled Grenade ( RPG ) or similar projectile meant to defeat armor .
Because the projectile is intended to detonate upon impact , the design of these devices is such that the gas jet of molten copper is focussed just a few inches in front of the charge itself .
This is called the " stand - off " , or the distance required from the explosive charge to the target to allow the jet to form together to a pinpoint so that it has the intesified energy to do what it does .
The projectile 's nosecone is usually the means by which the stand - off is maintained for uniform and effective performance .
But it is the deep ( or shallow ) angle of the inverted copper cone ( which becomes the molten stream ) that determines how close or far away the stream comes together to form the deadly armor- perforating stuff that punches inside and creates an instantanious crematorium .
However , in experimentations at Frankford Arsenal between WWII and Vietnam , U.S. Army Ordnance Corp technicians played around with shaped charges that had varied and different degrees of angle to their inverted copper cones .
In some of these experiements the copper liners were not even cones , but were just plain flat , while others had barely a perceptible depression to them at all , and all manner of cupped or dish - shapes .
It was discovered that while steeply ( or deeply ) inverted cone - shaped copper liners produced a streaming jet of molten copper immediately in front of the charge , cones that had a very shallow angle to them , resembling more of a platter than a cone , tended to throw the center of the copper platter forward just ahead of the main body .
The rest of the platter 's radius would then begin to fold back on itself , forming into a projectile that looked similar to a badminton shuttlecock or cone - like dart .
This allowed for the creation of an aimable anti-tank mine that could be concealed off to the side of a roadway .
This development was of interest to the military because armor on tanks is always thickest up front , but thinner on the sides , top and back .
The U.S. has encountered Directional Mines before .
They were not uncommon in Vietnam .
The VC used to scrounge unexploded U.S. artillery shells and use the reclaimed explosives as the filler for their own " platter charges " .
They were able to craft these crude devices in jungle workshops that sometimes consisted of nothing more than workers using hammers and anvils to pound out concave ends that would be fitted to pieces of 55 gallon oil drums that had been sectioned into pieces 6 inches deep .
With their massive size , they made up for in sheer blast energy what they lacked in quality construction or skilled aiming .
Among other uses , these would be emplaced and camoflaged on the banks of waterways for use in ambushing U.S. Navy patrol boats .
The waterways were an important supply network for the VC , and the Navy boats were a real niusance to them .
More than a few PBRs were sunk by these .
Where did the VC learn to make these things ?
From the U.S. Special Forces themselves , actually .
Remember the Frankford Arsenal guys ?
Well , in the early 60's , as JFK expanded the size and role of U.S. SF units , the Army got more supportive of them as well .
As originally conceived , the role of Special Forces in the event the Cold War went hot , was to be active behind enemy lines with bands of partizans and resistance fighters .
Toward that end , SF troopers were to not only be soldiers , but teachers of skills to those they would be supporting and interacting with .
The guys at Frankford Arsenal put together a sort of fieldguide text book of all the assorted nasties they had been fooling around with , which was meant to be not only studied by SF soldiers , but taken with them into theatres of operations to share with their allied partizans , making use of illustrations to help defeat language barriers .
When our Special Forces guys first started going deep into the Vietnamese countryside and training rural country boys to be partners in defeating the communists , they used these texts , and copies eventually got into the hands of the enemy .
Thanks , G.I .!!!!
Since 1975 , these Frankford Arsenal texts have been available via mail order in the U.S. in magazines such as Soldier Of Fortune and others .
And of course , today , nearly all manner of weaponry ever devised is available on the internet , if you know where to look .
( Where do you think I found these pictures ? )
In fact , this information and technology was so commonly available by the 90's , it was used by Germany 's Red Army Faction ( also known as the Baader - Meinhoff Gang ) to assasinate the chief of Deutsche Bank , Alfred Herrhausen , in 1989 .
He was being chauffeured to work in his armoured Mercedes - Benz , with bodyguards in both a lead vehicle and another following behind .
The bomb had been hidden in a school bag on a bicycle next to the road that the terrorists knew Herrhausen would be traveling in his three - car convoy .
In the bag was a 20 - kg bomb that was detonated when Herrhausen 's car interrupted a beam of light as it passed the bicycle .
The bomb and its triggering mechanism were quite sophisticated .
The bomb targeted the most vulnerable area of Herrhausen 's car — the door where he was sitting — and required split - second timing to overcome the car 's special armour plating .
It is unlikely that this IED had the precise engineering required to form the liner into a more effective slug or " carrot " shape , but in any case , the detonation resulted in a mass of copper being projected toward the car at a speed of nearly two kilometers per second , effectively penetrating the armoured Mercedes .
( To be fair , however , it must be said that some believe it was the fact that Herrhausen sat on the World Bank and wanted to make significant changes , and that these people believe the assasination was a " false flag " op , performed by the CIA .
Who knows ? )
So the basic science and know - how to make directional ( aimable ) IEDs that can destroy vehicles from concealed positions completely off the roadway has been generally available to the entire world for some time .
Is it really any surprise then that this old technology has reared it 's head in Iraq ?
Quite expected , actually , I would say .
Pictured below is one of the captured directional mines using EFPs that the coalition commanders are claiming comes from Iran .
A disarmed captured specimen was taken to Britain 's explosive ordnance tech guys and disected and anylized .
It was declared that the device exhibited a such a level of craftsmanship and sophistication that it had to have been fabricated by use of a lathe and trained ordnance engineers with experience in munitions manufacture .
But while that is perhaps true , higher level commanders then made the LEAP OF LOGIC that this was evidence of Iranian assistance .
Really ?
I have a metal lathe in my garage .
I imagine there are a few hundred machine shops throughout Iraq , and many privately owned metal lathes sprinkled throughout the country as well .
A good friend of mine is a former Army Captain who commanded for a time at a U.S. Army Ordnance Depot .
After leaving the army , he went to school on the G.I. bill to become an aerospace machinist .
Knowing what he does about these 2 careers in his life , I am confident that if Arizona were ever invaded by an occupying force , my friend and I could turn out some effective nasties in my garage " VC gun factory " .
It is n't too hard to imagine that there are former Iraqi army personel with skills like my friend .
It is n't a stretch at all to imagine how these refined devices could be made entirely " in house " .
After all , after 4 years of war , all the stupid fighters are dead , and only the smart one remain .
4 years is long enough to conduct live fire R&D to see what works and what does n't .
Just because the Iraqi resistance is exhibiting an ability to evolve and enhance themselves is not , by itself , evidence of assistance by Iran .
At least in this regard , assitance by Iran is nearly impossible to prove .
Rather importantly , the Bush administration KNOWS this .
And what if a raid conducted on a weapons factory in Bagdad did in fact result in capturing an Iranian ordnance engineer ?
Whould THAT prove anything .
Hardly !
The war has inspired Al - Quaida types from all over the muslim world to go to Iraq and assist their bretheren , out of their own personal motivation .
Such a prisoner would have to be wearing his Iranian military uniform and have signed orders in his pocket before you could convincingly allege he was sent by the government of Iran .
That is why I , and others like myself who understand how unsophisticated the manufacture of explosive ordnance devices really are , are extremely skeptical of any Bush camp claims of Iranian involvement .
It certainly COULD be true .
But it simply cannot be proved .
I hope this has educated you a little as to what these devices are all about and how they work .
For further study and review I have included a few links that provide interesting places to start .
Also , my friend and yours Chip Zdarsky asked people on Twitter what to draw the other day , and I said " Draw Superman flexing and showing off his tattoos " , and then Dustin Harbin suggested Chip draw me flexing and showing off MY Superman tattoos and anyway LONG STORY SHORT you can buy this particularly evocative picture of me on eBay to support This American Life .
AND Chip will even draw in a fourth tattoo of your choosing !
Whotta deal !
One year ago today : it is a word that is very handy if you are in the alien movies and a friend of yours has an alien pop out of his chest .
you wo n't struggle for words in that situation anymore .
– Ryan
Could PR People Replace Journalists ?
from the oh , - the - horrors dept
And though it 's considered wise to believe the contrary , these communications types are not constructing all these news items entirely ( or even mostly ) by lying .
Flackery requires putting together credible narratives from pools of verifiable data .
This activity is not categorically different from journalism .
Nor is the teaching value that flackery provides entirely different from that of journalism :
Most of the content you hear senators and congressmen reading on C - SPAN is stuff flacks provided to staffers ....
But the idea of public relations ( and its many fancy permutations , from " image management " to " oppo research " to " crisis " ) replacing objective journalism becomes less scary when you reflect that , pace Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and the cast of High School Musical 3 , we are not all in this together .
Communications is a highly competitive environment , and it is becoming more competitive .
Frequently the most valuable information comes out just because somebody wants to make somebody else look bad .
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
One of the most common complaints about the trouble facing newspapers today is the woeful cry " but who will do investigative journalism ? "
Of course , that 's silly .
There are plenty of new entities springing up everyday online that do investigative journalism -- and do it well .
On top of that , we noted that especially in the political realm , where partisans had tremendous interest in digging up dirt on opponents , we had little fear that investigations would take place .
And while the initial investigations could be biased , getting the info out there would allow more non-biased parties to sort through the details and figure out what is and what is not true .
Romenesko points us to a column by Tim Cavanaugh taking this concept one step further : suggesting that a subset of PR people may end up taking on the role of investigative journalists .
Now , I 'm sure plenty of journalists are cringing at the concept -- and certainly , as someone who gets bombarded daily with idiotic story pitches that are spun to such ridiculous levels I can only laugh at them ( as I hit delete ) , it makes me cringe a bit .
But some of his points are worth thinking about .
First , he notes that the number of PR jobs has been growing rapidly -- and that , fundamentally , there are a lot of similarities between the two jobs ( in fact , many people go from one to the other ) , in that a key role is putting together a good " story .
"
No , it 's certainly not the perfect solution ( but what is ? ) .
But the main point is that there are other ways to get investigations done and get information out there ... and then there 's still lots of room for others to pour through the info to see what 's real and what 's not .
I do n't think that PR people will replace investigative journalism by any stretch of the imagination , but it 's worth thinking about how they certainly may pick up the slack in some areas .
Filed Under : investigative journalism , journalism , newspapers , pr
Citing only " people familiar with the initiative , " the Financial Times claims that Apple plans to release an iPhone model with a substantially lower retail price in order to boost sales , and that the introduction could happen as soon as the opening day of WWDC .
" The anticipated new phone is likely to start production in July with the third version of the iPhone operating system , also expected to be released next week as a free upgrade for existing iPhone owners , " the article stated , noting that Apple declined to offer any comment .
It 's been previously reported that Apple is expected to deliver a series of new iPhones , including a possible 4GB low - end model .
Mainstream new iPhones are expected to deliver a faster processor , more working RAM , faster mobile and WiFi networking , an improved camera and an electronic compass , in addition to the software features to be delivered in iPhone 3.0
Analysts have been predicting that Apple would cut the upfront price of the iPhone for some time , but the idea that the company would announce a cheaper version as early as Monday is provocative in that Apple faces little competition that would compel such a significant price cut .
The Financial Times cited Morgan Stanley analyst Kathryn Huberty as saying , " it 's either a $ 50 or a $ 100 cut " based on a survey of consumers that indicated a $ 50 drop " could increase demand by 50 per cent and a $ 100 cut by 100 per cent . "
Huberty is somewhat infamous for delivering the worst analysis on Wall Street when it comes to forecasting Apple 's future .
For Q1 2007 she predicted iPod sales nearly 20 % lower than the Street 's consensus figures and the company 's actual sales , and she expected revenues that were a nearly a billion short of Apple 's actual performance of $ 7.5 billion .
The information exchange crafted by the EU ministers is a compromise that obliges EU states to conduct " consultation and thorough information sharing " with the other members of the bloc before accepting any inmates .
This would include restricting detainees ' movements and keeping them under surveillance .
" It 's very important , " EU counterterrorism coordinator Gilles de Kerchove told news agency Reuters .
" It is materialized by a system of information - sharing , politically confirmed at the highest level .
That 's important because it reinforces trust . "
Kerchove went on to say that the agreement would set an example to other countries and hopefully pave the way for others to take in detainees .
The EU hopes that with this agreement in place , some of the 245 detainees at the prison could start to be moved out , enabling the US government to keep its deadline for closing Guantanmo Bay by January 2010 .
One specific group of prisoners at issue consists of 18 Uighurs -- members of a Chinese minority that harbor separatist ambitions and whom China considers terrorists .
The Obama administration has declared the Uighurs posed no threat and could be released .
However the US says the group cannot be returned to China for fear of persecution .
Opposition pipes up
Schaeuble still questions why former inmates can't be settled in the US
But several groups , notably from the right - wing of European politics , have continued to voice their opposition to accepting any former Guantanamo inmates .
" The Uighurs who we are supposed to take in , we should note for the record , were all in terror camps , " said Lower Saxony state Interior Minister Uwe Schuenemann in an interview with German newspaper Die Welt .
Austria , Germany and Italy also voiced objections to any plan to resettle detainees in Europe , noting that the countries that are part of the Schengen zone have no passport controls , which would allow detainees to travel freely throughout the 25 - nation area .
" If they do not pose any risk , we need to clarify why they cannot remain in the United States , " said German Interior Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble .
" We cannot permit ourselves the liberty of leaving people suspected of terrorism at liberty , " Italian Interior Minister Roberto Marconi said recently .
Significant agreement
European anti-terrorism co-ordinator Gilles de Kerchove says its all about trust
The cost of taking in detainees and monitoring their movements is also an issue as is the question of how to deal with the detainees ' families .
EU asylum policies provide for family reunification and should the detainees request their families , the EU would be obliged to allow the relatives to relocate to the then former prisoners ' new homes .
Negotiations are ongoing about how much the US will contribute to the transfer and integration of the detainees , according to officials .
av / Reuters / AFP
Editor : Nancy Isenson
Here is how to enable more than 2 speakers ( channels ) in Ubuntu - PulseAudio :
1 .
gksu gedit /etc/pulse/daemon.conf
default - sample - channels
;
"
= 2
"
; default - sample - channels = 2
default - sample - channels = 6
2 . Now you can save the changes and either restart your computer or :
killall pulseaudio && pulseaudio
3 . Check to see if the channels are muted .
Open a terminal and type
alsamixer
4 . You can now test the channels by typing this in a terminal :
speaker - test -c 6 Again , replace the number with your number of speakers .
Check to see if the channels are muted .
Open a terminal and type
You can now test the channels by typing this in a terminal : Again , replace the number with your number of speakers .
By default , PulseAudio in Ubuntu up to Jaunty is set to work with 2 speakers ( front channels ) .
Edit the PulseAudio daemon.conf file by pressing Alt + F2 and enter : And search for :.
Remove " " from the begining of the line , and instead of , change it to the number of speakers your system has .
For instance if you have a 5.1 system , the number should be 6 , for a 7.1 system : 8 and so on .
This is how that line used to look before you made any changes :
And this is how it 's supposed to look after :
Panos
THAT mother knows best is no secret .
That her reproductive organs also know best may come as more of a surprise .
But that is what two evolutionary biologists , Robert Trivers and Dan Willard , hypothesised nearly four decades ago .
Boys , they reasoned , will thrive reproductively when they have grown big and strong in resource - rich environments .
Otherwise , they will do badly .
Girls , by contrast , will do reasonably well across the board and thus have a comparative advantage over their brothers in poorer situations .
Parents , meanwhile , have a genetic incentive to see their progeny do well .
Give a mother abundant resources , then , and her body should favour sons .
Place her in difficult conditions and she should have more daughters .
The Trivers - Willard theory has been tested with success in several species of wild animal .
Showing it to be true in people , however , has proved difficult .
But a paper just published in Biology Letters by Thomas Pollet of the University of Groningen , in the Netherlands , and his colleagues makes a brave attempt to do so .
Dr Pollet tests it by studying polygamous households .
As wives are added to such a household , its resources will necessarily be split more ways .
Even if they are shared equally , the first wife will have had a head - start on the others — and , life being what it is , she may retain a dominant position .
Much of the world has given up open polygamy , of course ( though the discreet sort remains common everywhere ) .
It is , however , still practised in parts of Africa .
Dr Pollet and his colleagues therefore turned to Rwanda , and used data gathered in a census of that country taken in 2002 .
They found 96,880 married women who reported having children .
They classified the marriages in question as either monogamous or polygamous .
The wives in polygamous marriages were further classified as either “ first ” , “ second ” or “ third or lower order ” .
As the researchers suspected , when all other things were equal mothers in monogamous marriages had most sons : 101 for every 100 daughters .
Those who were the first wives of polygamists scored similarly .
Wives who were “ third or lower order ” , though , had only 94 sons for every 100 daughters .
Of course , all other things are rarely equal .
The team also found and corrected for the facts that a mother 's age and which province she lived in affected the sex ratio of her children .
Her level of education , whether she lived in a town or the countryside , and whether she owned the house she lived in did not , however , seem to make any difference ( not that a lower - order wife is ever likely to own a house ) .
What the researchers did not correct for was the father 's age .
And previous studies have shown that older fathers are relatively more likely to beget daughters .
So part of the effect Dr Pollet has discovered might be caused by the fact that , obviously , a man is older when he takes a second or subsequent wife than when he marries for the first time .
This age effect , too , could be ascribed to the Trivers - Willard hypothesis if , say , sperm quality falls with age .
But it would be a separate phenomenon from what is going on in the mother .
If that confounding variable can be taken care of , though , and the effect persists , the next obvious step is to determine what mechanism within the mother 's body causes the discrepancy .
The Y - chromosome , which carries the genes for maleness , comes from the father , so it cannot be the case that the mother is failing to ovulate “ male ” eggs .
It seems most likely that potential sons are failing to implant in the wall of the womb , and so never get the chance to develop .
Artificial brain ' 10 years away ' Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Prof Henry Markram says the artificial brain may even be able to have emotions MOST POPULAR VIDEO / AUDIO Editor 's Choice Improvements to the BBC News Website
Chunlei Guo uses the femtosecond laser ( behind him ) to create nanostructures in metal that can move liquid uphill .
Credit : Richard Baker , University of Rochester
( PhysOrg.com ) --
In nature , trees pull vast amounts of water from their roots up to their leaves hundreds of feet above the ground through capillary action , but now scientists at the University of Rochester have created a simple slab of metal that lifts liquid using the same principle — but does so at a speed that would make nature envious .
The metal , revealed in an upcoming issue of Applied Physics Letters , may prove invaluable in pumping microscopic amounts of liquid around a medical diagnostic chip , cooling a computer 's processor , or turning almost any simple metal into an anti-bacterial surface .
" We 're able to change the surface structure of almost any piece of metal so that we can control how liquid responds to it , " says Chunlei Guo , associate professor of optics at the University of Rochester .
" We can even control the direction in which the liquid flows , or whether liquid flows at all . "
Guo and his assistant , Anatoliy Vorobyev , use an ultra - fast burst of laser light to change the surface of a metal , forming nanoscale and microscale pits , globules , and strands across the metal 's surface .
The laser , called a femtosecond laser , produces pulses lasting only a few quadrillionths of a second — a femtosecond is to a second what a second is to about 32 million years .
During its brief burst , Guo 's laser unleashes as much power as the entire electric grid of North America does , all focused onto a spot the size of a needlepoint , he says .
The wicking process , which on Guo 's metal moves at a quick one centimeter per second speed against gravity , is very similar to the phenomenon that pulls spilled milk into a paper towel or creates " tears of wine " in a wineglass — molecular attractions and evaporation combine to move a liquid against gravity , says Guo .
Likewise , Guo 's nanostructures change the way molecules of a liquid interact with the molecules of the metal , allowing them to become more or less attracted to each other , depending on Guo 's settings .
At a certain size , the metal nanostructures adhere more readily to the liquid 's molecules than the liquid 's molecules adhere to each other , causing the liquid to quickly spread out across the metal .
Combined with the effects of evaporation as the liquid spreads , this molecular interaction creates the fast wicking effect in Guo 's metals .
Adding laser - etched channels into the metal further enhances Guo's control of the liquid .
" Imagine a huge waterway system shrunk down onto a tiny chip , like the electronic circuit printed on a microprocessor , so we can perform chemical or biological work with a tiny bit of liquid , " says Guo .
" Blood could precisely travel along a certain path to a sensor for disease diagnostics .
With such a tiny system , a nurse would n't need to draw a whole tube of blood for a test .
A scratch on the skin might contain more than enough cells for a micro-analysis . "
Guo 's team has also created metal that reduces the attraction between water molecules and metal molecules , a phenomenon called hydrophobia .
Since germs mostly consist of water , it 's all but impossible for them to grow on a hydrophobic surface , says Guo .
Currently , to alter an area of metal the size of a quarter takes 30 minutes or more , but Guo and Vorobyev are working on refining the technique to make it faster .
Fortunately , despite the incredible intensity involved , the femtosecond laser can be powered by a simple wall outlet , meaning that when the process is refined , implementing it should be relatively simple .
Guo is also announcing this month in Physical Review Letters a femtosecond laser processing technique that can create incandescent light bulbs that use half as much energy , yet produce the same amount of light .
In 2006 , Guo 's team used the femtosecond laser to create metal with nanostructures that reflected almost no light at all , and in 2008 the team was able to tune the creation of nanostructures to reflect certain wavelengths of light — in effect turning almost any metal into almost any color .
Source : University of Rochester ( news : web )
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The House of Lords has voted to suspend two Labour peers from Parliament for six months for misconduct , the first such action since the 17th Century .
Lord Truscott and Lord Taylor of Blackburn were found by a Lords committee to be willing to change laws in exchange for cash .
The two men denied the allegations made by the Sunday Times .
Lord Truscott , who has resigned from the Labour Party , argues he has been made a scapegoat .
' Serious damage '
The House of Lords approved a report by its Privileges Committee condemning the conduct of the two men and a separate report arguing that the House had the authority to suspend them .
The House then voted to exclude the two men for the remainder of the current Parliamentary session , which will end in November .
This episode has done serious damage to the reputation of the House
Lord Brabazon of Tara
Q&A : Peers cash claims
Urging fellow peers to suspend Lord Truscott and Lord Taylor , Lord Brabazon of Tara , chairman of the Privileges Committee , said an internal investigation had shown that they had " failed to act on their personal honour " .
" This episode has done serious damage to the reputation of the House , " he said .
The House had the " inherent " power to discipline its members and must show that it was prepared to take action , he added : " We have to get our house in order . "
The Sunday Times also made allegations against two other Labour peers , Lord Snape and Lord Moonie .
The two were ultimately cleared of wrongdoing by the privileges committee but invited to apologise for " inappropriate attitudes " to their duties brought to light during the investigation - which Lord Snape subsequently did .
For the Conservatives , Lord Strathclyde said the actions of all four men " fell short " of the high standards expected of their representatives by Parliament and the public .
But in the case of Lord Truscott and Lord Taylor , he said the Lords must act in a " firm and unified " way to show its " abhorrence " at the way they had broken parliamentary rules .
Lord McNally , Lib Dem leader in the Lords , said he believed the Sunday Times had been guilty of " entrapment " and the rules governing lobbying practices needed tightening .
However , at a time when the reputation of Parliament was being assailed , he said the Lords must show " loud and clear " that it would not condone wrongdoing .
But Labour peer Baroness Mallalieu urged the House to consider less punitive measures than suspension to " make its displeasure known " such as permitting the men to continue sitting but not to speak in debates .
Posing as lobbyists
The Sunday Times alleged the two peers were prepared to change proposed legislation in return for money - breaching parliamentary rules which state that peers should not seek to influence legislation in return for financial inducement .
The reporters were posing as lobbyists for a foreign retail firm which , they claimed , wanted to set up stores in the UK and get an exemption from business rates .
The peers discussed what help they might give them and how parliamentary procedure worked .
Neither men actually accepted any money but the Lords committee found they had broken rules governing the behaviour of its members in relation to paid advocacy .
The allegations against the four men were initially investigated by the Lords sub- committee on members ' interests .
It concluded that Lord Truscott had broken rules on exercising parliamentary influence in return for money by agreeing to " smooth the way " for lobbyists , make introductions to other peers and ministers and to lobby officials .
The committee found " clear and plentiful " evidence that he " was advertising his power and willingness to influence Parliament in return for a substantial financial inducement " .
Lord Truscott said he followed the rules as they were at the time and had been the victim of " Soviet - style " summary justice .
Lord Taylor 's explanation that he was aware the lobbyists were in fact journalists and he had continued to meet them in order to discover the truth was dismissed as " inherently implausible " .
Lord Taylor has been suspended from the Labour Party pending a " full disciplinary investigation " .
The " cash for amendments " row is one of a series of recent scandals to have damaged the integrity of Parliament .
The police decided not to mount a criminal investigation into the case earlier this year , citing the difficulty of obtaining evidence .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning ,
but anyone can start today and make a new ending .
– Maria Robinson
Yesterday is gone and tomorrow is just a figment of the imagination .
So if you think about it , today is the only day you ’re alive .
Today is the day that matters the most .
Here ’s how to make it memorable :
Try something totally new .
– Variety truly is the spice of life .
You can see or do something a million times , but you can only see or do it for the first time once .
As a result , first time experiences usually leave a reflective mark in our minds for the rest of our lives .
So spice it up !
– Variety truly is the spice of life .
You can see or do something a million times , but you can only see or do it for the first time once .
As a result , first time experiences usually leave a reflective mark in our minds for the rest of our lives .
So spice it up !
Entertain yourself with real - world experiences .
– Great memories are the product of interesting life experiences .
So turn off the television ( or the computer ) and get outdoors .
Interact with the world , appreciate nature , take notice of the simple pleasures life has to offer , and just watch as life unfolds in front of you .
– Great memories are the product of interesting life experiences .
So turn off the television ( or the computer ) and get outdoors .
Interact with the world , appreciate nature , take notice of the simple pleasures life has to offer , and just watch as life unfolds in front of you .
Work on something that ’s meaningful to you .
– Engage yourself in a meaningful personal project .
Or pull the trigger on doing something you ’ve wanted to do for a long time , but have n’t yet had the resolve to do .
Life is short .
Today is the day to take action .
– Engage yourself in a meaningful personal project .
Or pull the trigger on doing something you ’ve wanted to do for a long time , but have n’t yet had the resolve to do .
Life is short .
Today is the day to take action .
Challenge your mind and body .
– Learn a new skill .
Be creative .
Build something from the ground up , no matter how small .
Run farther than you ’ve ever run before .
Push yourself to the limits !
– Learn a new skill .
Be creative .
Build something from the ground up , no matter how small .
Run farther than you ’ve ever run before .
Push yourself to the limits !
Concentrate on less , but give it your best .
– Slow down .
Pay close attention to what you ’re doing .
Do n’t waste time juggling forgettable tasks .
Instead , concentrate on a few things that really matter .
Engage fully in this day .
– Slow down .
Pay close attention to what you ’re doing .
Do n’t waste time juggling forgettable tasks .
Instead , concentrate on a few things that really matter .
Engage fully in this day .
Say “ yes ” to a spontaneous opportunity .
– Everything in life ca n’t be planned .
Some of the greatest opportunities will knock on your door when you least expect them to .
Be flexible , be spontaneous , and just say “ yes . ”
– Everything in life ca n’t be planned .
Some of the greatest opportunities will knock on your door when you least expect them to .
Be flexible , be spontaneous , and just say “ yes . ” Complete an important piece of unfinished business .
– Today is a perfect day to finish what you started .
Few feelings are more satisfying than the one you get after an old burden has been lifted off of your shoulders .
– Today is a perfect day to finish what you started .
Few feelings are more satisfying than the one you get after an old burden has been lifted off of your shoulders .
Document your day .
–
Take lots of pictures .
Keep a journal .
Document your day so you can review it some other day .
Many moons from now , these old photos and journal entries will ignite your recollection of great memories from the past .
– Take lots of pictures .
Keep a journal .
Document your day so you can review it some other day .
Many moons from now , these old photos and journal entries will ignite your recollection of great memories from the past .
Smile , be positive , and notice what ’s right .
–
Everything that happens in life is neither good nor bad .
It just depends on your perspective .
And no matter how it turns out , it always ends up just the way it should .
Either you succeed or you learn something .
So stay positive , appreciate the pleasant outcomes , and learn from the rest .
– Everything that happens in life is neither good nor bad .
It just depends on your perspective .
And no matter how it turns out , it always ends up just the way it should .
Either you succeed or you learn something .
So stay positive , appreciate the pleasant outcomes , and learn from the rest .
Be authentic .
Be true to yourself .
– Judy Garland once said , “ Always be a first rate version of yourself , instead of a second rate version of somebody else . ”
Live by this statement .
There is no such thing as living a good day in someone else ’s shoes .
The only shoes you can occupy are your own .
If you are n’t being yourself , you are n’t truly living … you ’re merely existing .
And no day spent in a phony state of mere existence will ever be memorable or worthwhile .
– Judy Garland once said , “ Always be a first rate version of yourself , instead of a second rate version of somebody else . ”
Live by this statement .
There is no such thing as living a good day in someone else ’s shoes .
The only shoes you can occupy are your own .
If you are n’t being yourself , you are n’t truly living … you ’re merely existing .
And no day spent in a phony state of mere existence will ever be memorable or worthwhile .
Actively assist someone in need .
–
In life , you get what you put in .
When you make a positive impact in someone else ’s life , you also make a positive impact in your own life .
Do something that ’s greater than you , something that helps someone else to be happy or to suffer less .
I promise , it will be an extremely rewarding experience .
One you ’ll likely remember forever .
– In life , you get what you put in .
When you make a positive impact in someone else ’s life , you also make a positive impact in your own life .
Do something that ’s greater than you , something that helps someone else to be happy or to suffer less .
I promise , it will be an extremely rewarding experience .
One you ’ll likely remember forever .
Share time with a good friend and experience life together .
– Pink Floyd once said , “ The memories of a man in his old age are the deeds of a man in his prime . ”
There are few things more satisfying than recounting the greatest moments of your life with your closest friends who lived these moments alongside you .
– Pink Floyd once said , “ The memories of a man in his old age are the deeds of a man in his prime . ”
There are few things more satisfying than recounting the greatest moments of your life with your closest friends who lived these moments alongside you .
Make a new friend .
– People are interesting creatures , and no two people are exactly alike .
So meet someone new today .
Find out what makes them tick .
They ’ll likely open your eyes to fascinating ideas and perspectives .
And you never know , they just might change your life .
– People are interesting creatures , and no two people are exactly alike .
So meet someone new today .
Find out what makes them tick .
They ’ll likely open your eyes to fascinating ideas and perspectives .
And you never know , they just might change your life .
Do something fun and laugh your ass off .
–
Some of the most memorable moments in your life will be moments spent in laughter .
– Some of the most memorable moments in your life will be moments spent in laughter .
Be present .
Be here now .
– I purposely left this bullet for last because it perfectly encompasses all of my previous points .
–
Do n’t let your life slip by .
Instead of dwelling on the past , or worrying about the future , just practice being and living in the ‘ now . ’
Remember , right now is the only moment guaranteed to you .
Right now is life .
Do n’t miss it .
And I leave you with this to think about :
We all agree that life is short .
Sooo …
Why do we do so many things we do n’t like and like so many things we do n’t do ?
Carbon dioxide is a molecular gas at ambient conditions and an important constituent of the Earth ’s atmosphere .
It is also a likely component in the Earth ’s mantle , and it plays an important role in the life cycle .
But at high pressure , carbon dioxide can transform to a solid .
The commonly known solid - state form of carbon dioxide is the so called “ dry ice ” , which is a molecular crystal and has many important applications , e.g. food production and storage , artificial fog in theatre and artificial rainfall , etc .
Even more interesting , as the pressure increases and temperature varies , the intra- and inter-molecular interactions of carbon dioxide change dramatically and this results in different crystal structures in polymeric dense phases with interesting physical properties , such as “ super - hardness ” .
Thus carbon dioxide has become an extremely hot topic in science in the last decade .
Recently , a collaborative study between the research groups in Canada , Germany , Slovakia , Italy and USA achieved progress on this highly interested compound .
Using a novel computer - based simulation method called metadynamics combined with accurate quantum mechanical calculations , they found that a molecular solid called CO 2 - II transfers to a layered polymeric structure at a pressure of 60 GPa ( 1 GPa is approximately 10000 atmospheres ) and temperature at 600 Kelvin .
Based on the good agreement between their calculated Raman spectra and X - ray diffraction patterns and the previous experimental values , a new interpretation of a previous experimental result is given .
A recently identified dense phase VI found in experiment , assumed to be disordered stishovite - like structure , is instead interpreted as the result of an incomplete transformation from the molecular phase into a final layered polymeric structure .
In addition , a new α-cristobalite - like CO 2 as found in silicon dioxide , is predicted to be formed from CO 2 - III via an intermediate structure at 80 GPa and temperature lower than room temperature .
Defects in the crystals increase with temperature and CO 2 transforms to an amorphous form when temperature is higher than room temperature , consistent with previous experiments .
These results obtained from fully dynamical simulations reveal hitherto unknown microscopic transformation mechanisms , and illustrate the transformation from a molecular solid characterized by only intra-molecular bonding to a polymerized structure .
The transformation takes place at pressures within the range found in the Earth ’s mantle , where a significant amount of oxidized carbon is thought to be present , either in the form of carbonates or as a fluid .
The large and abrupt changes in the bonding properties of CO 2 reported here hint to possible discontinuities in the carbon chemistry of the mantle .
Their article by Dr. Jian Sun et al. is soon to be ( has been ) published in the journal - Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences USA .
[ Guest post by DRJ ]
The international media stayed mum for seven months when New York Times ‘ reporter David Rohde was captured by the Taliban in Afghanistan .
Executive Editor Bill Keller convinced media around the globe not to publish information about Rohde ’s capture :
“ Keller said he had a responsibility for his employees .
Based on advice from security experts and others , including Rohde ’s family , the newspaper kept the abduction quiet .
“ The more you talk about who did what … the more you ’re writing a playbook for the next kidnapping , ” Keller told CNN . ”
Like the New York Times , the Department of Defense wanted to protect one of its own , Pfc. Bowe Bergdahl ( 23 , of Ketchum , Idaho ) , who was captured by the Taliban on or about June 30 .
Apparently it took the BBC just two days to release the news of his capture :
“ The military first made Bergdahl ’s capture public on July 2 , though he was believed captured on June 30 .
A Department of Defense official told ABC News on Friday that if it had n’t been for the BBC reporting on the missing soldier on July 2 , the military would have kept the capture quiet .
The goal , he said , was to minimize the amount of information that might get back to his captors that might influence the military ’s search and recovery . ”
It ’s not clear if other media sources declined to cover Bergdahl ’s capture before the BBC broke the story or if the BBC was simply the first to find out about it , but it looks like a media double standard .
— DRJ
Getting Around the EU Ban Germans Hoarding Traditional Light Bulbs
The staggered phase out of energy - wasting light bulbs begins on Sept. 1 in Germany .
The unpopularity of the energy - saving compact fluorescent bulbs that will replace them is leading consumers and retailers to start hoarding the traditional bulbs .
Google 's primary income source is search advertising , but the company regularly tries to find new sources of income , such as charging companies for the use of its otherwise free online applications or selling access to scanned versions of out - of - print books .
Variations on any of these approaches could work with its
Voice phone service , which is rumored to soon leave beta status behind .
A hint that Google might be leaning towards the advertising model came in the form of a patent filed earlier this week , which describes a method of delivering targeted ads to phone users .
The patent application , called " Ringback Advertising , " is assigned to Google .
In general terms , it describes a system for delivering ads to any sort of phone system , including IP , cellular , or landline phones .
The idea is to place software somewhere within the flow of telephony data that can identify when a given call is not active , then request audio ads for delivery during that time .
Although this obviously pairs nicely with Google 's Voice service , there 's no reason it could n't be rolled out to telcos that choose to partner with the search giant .
The patent identifies three specific times that ads might be appropriate : when a caller is dialing , when the call is suspended via call waiting , and when the call is placed on hold .
That last one might be a bit problematic for many companies , which seem to enthusiastically advertise themselves during hold times .
One of the methods for targeting advertisements may also go over poorly with the companies at the other end of the line .
Google plans , in part , on using the number that was dialed to choose which ads to serve during the call .
If the system works like Google 's search ads , it 's possible that a competitor could buy up time in a category that would see its ads served up while a customer is placed on hold .
There 's a certain poetic justice to that , but it 's doubtful that businesses would see it as tolerable .
The ads can also be targeted based on information about the person doing the dialing , such as geographic location or interests obtained from a user - provided profile .
Not mentioned is the more creepy , big - brotherish possibility that , in the absence of user - supplied information , Google will troll its data cache for the material it has on a dialer and use that to target ads .
There 's also something here to potentially annoy advertisers , as well .
Although the patent covers the possibility of billing advertisers based on the amount of ad content that users hear , it also reserves the ability to bill if only a tiny snippet plays before the call or hold session is terminated .
It 's clear that the patent covers approaches that could seriously annoy pretty much everyone involved in the process , including the call 's dialer and recipient , and the advertisers that pay for the service .
But it 's important to emphasize that patents are generally written far more broadly than the actual implementation , and Google may choose to implement only some of the more problematic practices .
Indeed , it 's possible that it may skip using this patent in its entirety .
The chance to open an entirely new revenue stream , both through its own voice service and via partners among the telcos , will undoubtedly be very tempting , though , and users might well put up with the practice if it means free calling .
Found via Unwired View .
A dvice to cuckolded women : Man up a bit .
( Yes , cuckold is technically a term applied to husbands of unfaithful wives .
But there 's no reverse equivalent that I can find in the dictionary .
Suggestions welcome . )
Two such high profile missuses have been in the news lately – Elizabeth Edwards , a.k.a.
St. Elizabeth , and Veronica Lario Berlusconi , née Miriam Barolini .
Both have been profoundly wronged , certainly to hear them tell , which each is doing via the vehicle of biography and TV confessional , for one , and ambushing emails to the media , for the other .
Say what you will about husbands who are cads – as their respective spouses , disgraced Democratic presidential candidate John Edwards and Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi – appear to be .
Yet males , even those who have been on the violated end of infidelity , are rarely wont to open a vein in public .
There are exceptions to this generalization , of course .
But for the most part , men do not go whingeing to Oprah or pen avenging memoirs that simultaneously mortify a couple 's children or wash the dirty BVDs out in the open .
I suspect this comes from the social conditioning of boys , who are still raised to not shed tears in public or otherwise reveal themselves as pussies .
Girls , by comparison , are nurtured in the culture of tattle and tell - all grievance from the time they 're subjected to their first schoolyard name - calling .
Females are inundated with mass media messaging – subliminal and overt – about bred - in - the - genes persecution , the biological and manifest destiny of their X chromosome , the gender for whom offence is endlessly done to .
The consequence , too often , is a kind of emotional indigestion with public burping as the antacid , especially for women who can command an audience .
They seek public validation for their pain .
Elizabeth Edwards has always seemed a smart , tough lady who might have been a fine public servant on her own merits had she not subsumed herself in the advancement of hubby 's career .
There have been dreadful tragedies in her life , from the loss of a teenage son in an automobile accident to a recurrence of cancer , untreatable .
But of one thing she remained assured :
That devoted husband would not betray her , sexually .
As everyone now knows , John - Boy Edwards was a two - timing cheat who may have fathered a child with a woman who had been making campaign videos for him in 2006 .
Before the world found out , Edwards admitted the " indiscretion " to his wife , at which point she screamed , sobbed and threw up .
He said it was only that one - night - stand time , a lie .
Elizabeth Edwards has recounted all this , wincingly , in her just released book , Resilience , and appeared on Oprah last week to discuss same – the only proviso that the name of The Other Woman never be mentioned during the interview .
The purpose of dragging her hurt into the limelight escapes me .
Quite apart from further embarrassing the father of her children , she also makes herself pathetic and sound like a fool ; can't understand the why of his unfaithfulness .
But the why of adultery is never that complicated : Attraction , availability , boredom , horniness , because it 's there .
Instead , beyond a vague reference to her husband 's " narcissism , " Elizabeth Edwards puts the blame on a woman she portrays as a bimbo and whose baby she describes as " it . "
" It did n't occur to me that at a fancy hotel in New York , where he sat with a potential donor to his antipoverty work , he would be targeted by a woman who would confirm that the man at the table was John Edwards and then would wait for him outside the hotel hours later when he returned from a dinner , wait with the come - on line " You are so hot " ...
And if you had asked me to wager that house we were building on whether my husband of then 28 years would have responded to a come - on like that , I would have said no . "
Shows how little she knows about men in general and her husband in particular .
What planet is this trained lawyer living on ?
Must be the one where bitter women wield their anguish for vindication and town square shaming .
There 's nothing dignified or girl power - ing about it .
Meanwhile , back at the palazzo ...
That would be the suburban Milan mansion where Veronica Lario has been living , apart from her vulgarian husband , for several years .
This marriage has been over for ages and Lario has maintained a mostly low - wattage existence , except for the occasions when she was n't – by unburdening her ample chest on the public zeitgeist .
Long - suffering is how Lario is usually described .
That 's manipulative , the conventional take on a wife who chose to stay wedlocked to her perma- tanned husband despite his chronically cheesy behaviour , from phone calls to a sex chat line ( purportedly for the purpose of opinion polling , a typical Berlusconi stunt ) to old - coot flirting with curvaceous TV starlets ( some of whom he put forward as candidates in the upcoming European parliamentary elections ) to verbal ( at minimum ) groping of women who usually sex - wagged right back .
Two years ago , Lario – by newspaper correspondence – demanded a public apology from her boulevardier husband for telling a former Miss Italy contestant ( now minister of equal opportunities in Berlusconi 's cabinet ) : " If I were n't married I would marry you immediately . "
Of his many gaffes , that one seems fairly harmless , actually .
But a baroque mea culpa was issued forthwith , published in the many Italian newspapers Berlusconi owns : " I beg you to forgive me . "
More recent provocations – especially Berlusconi's attendance at the 18th birthday of a Napolitano nymphet who calls him " Papi , " when he allegedly has been a no - show for his own kids ' 18th birthday celebrations – had Lario blasting away again in late - night emails to two news agencies .
" I can not stay with a man who frequents minors , " she sniffed , while dismissing those bimbette election candidates as " shameless rubbish to entertain the emperor . "
Cue the divorce lawyers and upcoming war over the 72 - year - old billionaire 's fortune .
It 's hard to view Lario , 52 , and gorgeous if cosmetically enhanced , as the fregato victim .
The couple met almost 30 years ago when she was performing topless in a play at the theatre Berlusconi owned .
While still married to his first wife , Lario bore him a son , then two more children before they wed .
No doubt the first Mrs. Berlusconi thought her usurper was a home - wrecking seductress too .
You reap what you sow .
Sometimes you weep over husbands spreading their seed elsewhere .
But public parading of intimate betrayal – by book or by online crook – is tawdry payback .
Stay or go .
Just take it like a man , ladies .
Rosie DiManno usually appears Monday , Wednesday , Friday and Saturday .
Bats can use the characteristics of other bats ' voices to recognize each other , according to a study by researchers from the University of Tuebingen , Germany and the University of Applied Sciences in Konstanz , Germany .
The study explains how bats use echolocation for more than just spatial knowledge .
The researchers first tested the ability of four greater mouse - eared bats to distinguish between the echolocation calls of other bats .
After observing that the bats learned to discriminate the voices of other bats , they then programmed a computer model that reproduces the recognition behaviour of the bats .
Analysis of the model suggests that the spectral energy distribution in the signals contains individual - specific information that allows one bat to recognize another .
Animals must recognize each other in order to engage in social behaviour .
Vocal communication signals are helpful for recognizing individuals , especially in nocturnal organisms such as bats .
Little is known about how bats perform strenuous social tasks , such as remaining in a group when flying at high speeds in darkness , or avoiding interference between echolocation calls .
The finding that bats can recognize other bats within their own species based on their echolocation calls may therefore have some significant implications .
This work was funded by SFB 550 , by the Graduiertenkolleg Neurobiologie .
It was supported in part by the IST Program of the European Community , under the PASCAL network of excellence , IST - 2002 - 506778 .
This work was also supported by the human resources and mobility activity Marie Curie host fellowships for early stage research training under contract MEST - CT - 2004 - 504321 PERACT by the European Union .
The funders had no role in study design , data collection and analysis , decision to publish , or preparation of the manuscript .
US Could Lose AAA Rating
Investors are concerned the US will follow the UK and lose its AAA rating , according to Bill Gross , Pimco , and that could be driving today 's drop .
The big box retailers have found a way to compete with telecom carriers when it comes to the latest cellphones .
Palm
Pre buyers , getting a Pre at Best Buy or RadioShack , will find that it costs them less at the register than getting the device at one of Sprint 's stores .
Instead of making customers mail in the $ 100 rebate on the Pre 's $ 300 price tag , Best Buy and RadioShack will instantly deduct the rebate price at the register .
Effectively , that means out of pocket , the Palm Pre will be available for $ 200 at Best Buy and RadioShack stores .
Palm and Sprint went official with their pricing for the much - awaited Palm Pre phone Monday but they also delivered a zinger in the form of a rebate .
As most of us know , rebates are a huge pain and Sprint is counting on the fact that not all Pre buyers will take the effort to mail their coupons .
We are glad to see electronics retailers do away with the rebate scam and offer the Pre at what should have been the final price for customers .
Meanwhile , if you would like to take a look at the innards of the Pre , check out the FCC filings for the device here and here .
Photo : Jon Snyder / Wired.com
» Klarmachen zum Ändern ! «
Die Piratenpartei will mit den Themen Bürgerrechte , Internet und Datenschutz für frischen politischen Wind sorgen und erzeugt mit rasantem Mitgliederzuwachs , Kritik an Internetsperren und der Aufnahme des ehemaligen SPD - Mitglieds Jörg Tauss für Rauschen im Blätterwald .
Im Herbst tritt die Partei zur Bundestagswahl an und völlig chancenlos , den Bundestag zu entern , scheint sie nicht zu sein : Laut einer repräsentativen Erhebung unter 1003 Befragten in der August - Ausgabe des Magazins Cicero können sich sechs Prozent » vorstellen « , ihre Stimme den Piraten zu geben .
Mit DIRK HILLBRECHT , Spitzenkandidat der Piratenpartei in Niedersachsen , sprach ND - Mitarbeiter MARKUS DRESCHER .
Foto : ND / Wolfgang Frotscher
ND : Wofür steht die Piratenpartei ?
Hillbrecht : Die Piratenpartei ist aus dem Internet hervorgegangen .
Dort haben Leute sich versammelt und beschlossen , Politik zu machen .
Und die Kernthemen sind zum einen der Bereich Urheberrecht , Patentrecht und zum anderen der Bereich Privatsphäre , das Verhältnis Staat - Bürger , Datenschutz und verwandte Themen .
Stichwort Urheberrecht : Wenn alle Inhalte aus dem Internet frei heruntergeladen werden können , wovon sollen die Künstler leben , zum Beispiel Musiker ?
Die Aussage , wir würden freien Download von allem fordern , ist falsch .
Wir unterscheiden durchaus zwischen kommerzieller und nichtkommerzieller Verwendung .
Wir fordern , dass die nichtkommerzielle Weitergabe von Inhalten im Internet straffrei und unreglementiert sein sollte .
Und was die Möglichkeit des Geldverdienens betrifft , da ist zunächst mal festzuhalten , dass Möglichkeiten des kostenfreien Tausches etwa von Musikdaten mittlerweile schon seit einem Jahrzehnt vorhanden sind und es trotzdem noch neue Musik gibt und Künstler , die davon leben können , Musik zu machen .
Zum anderen betrifft dieses Problem , dass nicht genug Einnahmen da sein könnten , auch längst nicht alle Künstler .
Es gibt nämlich auch Künstler , die das Internet konstruktiv nutzen und Werbung für sich machen bzw .
ihre Inhalte dort explizit kostenlos zum Download zur Verfügung stellen – und dann zum Beispiel an Konzerten verdienen .
Wer profitiert dann hauptsächlich vom Vorgehen gegen Musik - Tauschbörsen ?
Wir sehen , dass die gesamte Diskussion um Urheberrechte und auch die Verschärfung diverser Bestimmungen in den letzten Jahren letztendlich von der Verwertungsindustrie gesteuert werden .
Dort ist die Stelle , wo sich am meisten ändert , weil diese zentralisierte Verwertung von Kulturinhalten in Zeiten des Internets einfach nicht mehr nötig ist .
Der Künstler kann heute viel einfacher direkt auf seine Zuhörer oder Rezipienten zugehen und braucht eine solche Verwertungsindustrie in der bisherigen Form nicht mehr .
Da ist es klar , dass die versuchen , gegen Veränderungen Stimmung zu machen .
Aber sie werden die technischen Änderungen und Fortschritte letztlich nicht aufhalten können .
Ein anderes Thema Ihrer Partei ist Internetzensur .
Bundesfamilienministerin Ursula von der Leyen hat sich im Netz mit ihrem Gesetz zur Sperrung von Seiten mit kinderpornographischen Inhalten den Namen » Zensursula « erworben .
Was ist falsch an dem Gesetz ?
Dieses Gesetz ist in der Form , in der es verabschiedet wurde , und mit der Intention , die dahintersteckt , schlicht verfassungswidrig .
Hier werden eine Zensurstruktur und eine Zensurbehörde geschaffen , eine Polizei , die in Zukunft darüber entscheiden können soll , was man im Internet zu sehen bekommt und was nicht .
Und das deckt sich nicht mit den Grundsätzen unserer freiheitlich - demokratischen Grundordnung .
Darüber hinaus erfüllt das Gesetz nicht den Zweck , den es vorgeblich erfüllen soll , nämlich Kinderpornographie im Internet zu stoppen .
Das ist technisch so überhaupt nicht möglich .
Wir sagen , dass Inhalte , die rechtswidrig sind und das steht bei Kinderpornografie ja außer Frage , schlicht aus dem Netz herausgenommen werden müssen .
Der Versuch , nur den Zugriff darauf zu blockieren , ändert nichts daran , dass der I nhalt weiterhin im Netz vorhanden ist .
Und auch der eigentliche Kindesmissbrauch wird dadurch ja in keiner Weise verhindert .
Wir sehen das Gesetz als hochproblematisch an , weil es schlicht nicht hilft , Grundlagen unseres Staatswesens widerspricht und verfassungswidrig ist .
Während der Diskussion um das Gesetz konnte man den Eindruck gewinnen , dass viele Politiker keine Ahnung vom Internet haben .
Ja , dieser Eindruck mit dem » keine Ahnung vom Internet « , das deckt sich mit dem , was wir so sehen und hören .
Sicherlich auch einer der Gründe , weswegen wir gesagt haben , wir gehen nicht in irgendwelche etablierten Parteien , sondern wir müssen hier offensichtlich erst unser eigenes Ding durchziehen .
Und in der
Tat sieht es mir auch so ein bisschen aus , als sei dies eine Generationenfrage .
Jüngere Menschen sind einfach mit dem Internet von klein auf aufgewachsen und gehen ganz selbstverständlich damit um , zum Beispiel indem Chatrooms oder Websites für sie eine wichtige politisch - kulturelle Informationsquelle sind .
Ältere Menschen sind mit anderen Medien aufgewachsen .
Das führt dazu , dass das Internet nicht zu ihrer gelebten Lebenswirklichkeit gehört und sie deshalb seinen
Wert und die Möglichkeiten des Meinungsaustausches , die es bietet , aus eigener Erfahrung nicht nachvollziehen können .
Das hat zur Folge , dass , wenn es um gesetzgeberische und regulative Prozesse geht , dieser Wert des Internets nicht in hinreichender Form berücksichtigt wird und Gesetze dabei herauskommen , die eben diese Werte , die das Internet ausmachen , gedankenlos beschneiden und zerstören .
Das Gesetz zur Sperrung von Internetseiten hat der Piratenpartei den ersten Bundestagsabgeordneten beschert .
Jörg
Tauss ist aus Protest aus der SPD ausgetreten und zu Ihnen übergelaufen .
Das hat für Diskussionen auf der Internetseite der Piraten gesorgt , weil gegen Tauss wegen des Verdachts auf Besitz von kinderpornagrafischem Matierial ermittelt wird .
Wie steht die Partei zur Personalie ?
Über die staatsanwaltschaftlichen Ermittlungen gegen Herrn Tauss waren wir natürlich im Bilde , und es gab in der Partei auch Diskussionen .
Die überwiegende Mehrheit der Basis spricht sich aber dafür aus , dass die Ermittlungen zunächst kein Hinderungsgrund sind .
Für Herrn
Tauss gilt wie für jeden die Unschuldsvermutung .
Insofern warten wir ab , was dabei herauskommt .
Wer ist die Basis der Partei ?
Die Mitgliederbasis besteht sicherlich zum Großteil aus Menschen , die sich schon seit zehn Jahren oder länger mit dem Internet , seinen Inhalten und seiner Entwicklung , beschäftigen .
Ich beobachte aber , dass unsere Basis mittlerweile auch darüber hinausgeht .
Wir haben auch Menschen , die explizit aus der Bürgerrechtsecke kommen , wir haben Menschen , die zum Beispiel seinerzeit schon bei der Gründung der Grünen in Westdeutschland dabei waren .
Mit dem Parteinamen spielen Sie mit der Seeräuberromantik .
Also zunächst kommt der Name , wenn man es ganz profan betrachtet , schlicht daher , dass es in Schweden seinerzeit ein sogenanntes Anti-Pirateriebüro gab , das gegen die Weitergabe von Material im Internet , also die sogenannte Internet - Piraterie vorgehen sollte .
Da haben die Gegner dieser neuen Gesetzgebung gesagt :
Wenn die uns Piraten nennen , dann nennen wir uns auch so , aber wir sehen das Ganze positiv und konstruktiv und gründen eine Partei , die sich Piratenpartei nennt .
Dieser Name wurde dann in Deutschland übernommen , weil der Name Piratenpartei etwas beinhaltet .
Rebellisch ist zu viel gesagt , aber er macht doch deutlich , dass wir uns mit dem , was momentan passiert , eben nicht zufrieden geben und einen Gegenpunkt setzen wollen .
Piraten haben bei allen negativen Verbindungen eben auch etwas mit Freiheit zu tun und auch mit einer internen demokratischen Verfassung .
Parteien sitzen in Parlamenten je nach ihrer politischen Ausrichtung links oder rechts .
Wo ordnet sich die Piratenpartei da ein , oder wollen Sie das gar nicht ?
Ja , ein Stück weit versucht die Piratenpartei schon , sich dieser klassischen Links - Rechts - Einordnung zu entziehen .
Ich glaube , das ist auch durchaus begründet , weil wir zum Beispiel sagen , eine regulierende Wirkung des Staates ist wichtig , aber sie muss auf eine sinnvolle Weise passieren und sie muss alle Gesellschaftskreise berücksichtigen .
Andererseits sagen wir auch , dass der Staat sich – solange es geht und soweit es geht – aus der Lebenswirklichkeit seiner Bürger raushalten soll .
Das ist es doch , was eine freiheitliche Demokratie eben ausmacht .
Ich denke , die Piratenpartei steht tatsächlich noch ein bisschen außerhalb eines reinen Links - Rechts - Schemas .
Mit einer klaren Abgrenzung zu rechtsextremen Parteien ?
Definitiv .
Das passt auch nicht zu unserem Selbstverständnis , also sowohl rechtsextrem als auch linksextrem .
Wir stehen für die Freiheit des Einzelnen , eine freiheitlich - demokratische Grundordnung , für Menschenrechte und wir sind gegen Diskriminierung in jedweder Form .
Angenommen , die Piratenpartei schafft im Herbst den Einzug in den Bundestag .
Wo stehen die Piraten zum Beispiel bei Fragen wie dem Bundeswehreinsatz in Afghanistan , Ökologie oder Atomkraft ?
Wenn
Sie mich vor der Europawahl gefragt hätten , wie wahrscheinlich es ist , dass wir in den Bundestag kommen , hätte ich gesagt : Das ist völlig illusorisch .
Mittlerweile bin ich mir mit dieser Aussage nicht mehr so sicher .
Unser Ziel ist es , unsere Anliegen in die Politik hineinzutragen .
Ich persönlich sage immer , es ist mir egal , wie das passiert .
Wenn plötzlich SPD und CDU unsere Anliegen übernehmen und zu ihren machen , dann bin ich der erste , der sagt , ich entwickele wieder Software und ziehe mich aus der Politik zurück .
Ich glaube aber , dass das in absehbarer Zeit nicht passieren wird .
Und insofern halte ich es schon für wichtig , dass sich die Piratenpartei weiterentwickelt und einen noch stärkeren Einfluss auf die Politik entwickelt .
Und wenn das bedeutet , dass sie in die Parlamente rein muss , dann wird sie in die Parlamente reingehen – so die Wähler uns wählen .
Wenn es nun tatsächlich passieren sollte , dass eine so große Anzahl Bürger uns für so wichtig hält , dass sie uns ihre Stimme gibt und wir in den Bundestag kämen , dann stellen sich natürlich eine ganze Menge Fragen .
Bisher haben wir zu vielen Themen noch keine echte Programmatik .
Und die Diskussion darüber ist parteiintern jetzt erst angelaufen bzw .
läuft die ganze Zeit .
Ich denke , dass es auch sehr viel verlangt ist von einer politischen Partei , die sich vor nicht mal drei Jahren gegründet hat , jetzt schon zu erwarten , dass sie zu jedem politischen Thema ein ausgearbeitetes Konzept hat .
Wir kommen aus einem ganz spezifischen Themenbereich und sind jetzt dabei , unsere politischen Positionen und Meinungen systematisch von diesem Bereich ausgehend zu erweitern .
Dirk Hillbrecht war vom Mai 2008 bis zum Bundesparteitag der Piratenpartei Deutschland am 4 . Juli dieses Jahres in Hamburg Parteivorsitzender .
Dort trat er für das
Amt nicht mehr an , um sich auf seine Spitzenkandidatur der Landesliste Niedersachsen zur Bundestagswahl 2009 zu konzentrieren .
Der Diplom Mathematiker gehört auch zu den Initiatoren der Initiative patentfrei.de , die sich gegen eine Legitimierung von Softwarepatenten in der EU ausspricht .
New York Times on Guantánamo :
A willing conduit for the military - intelligence apparatus
By Bill Van Auken
9 June 2009
After more than two weeks of controversy , the New York Times has been forced to publicly backpedal on its May 21 story , headlined “ 1 in 7 Detainees Rejoined Jihad , Pentagon Finds . ”
This began last Friday with a terse three - paragraph “ Editor ’s Note ” published in the corrections column and was followed in the Sunday edition with a column by the paper ’s public editor , Clark Hoyt , entitled “ What Happened to Skepticism ? ”
The original story , written by the Times Pentagon correspondent Elisabeth Bumiller , was based on a leaked ( and subsequently released ) Pentagon report , which claimed that 14 percent of the 534 detainees transferred out of the US prison camp in Guantánamo Bay , Cuba had , in Bumiller ’s words , “ returned to terrorism or militant activity . ”
The report names only 30 of the 74 who allegedly “ reengaged in terrorist activity ” ( one more than Bumiller reported seeing in the leaked document ) .
Out of the total , 27 were described as “ confirmed , ” while 47 were only “ suspected ” of terrorist activity .
The editor ’s note that appeared last Friday blandly acknowledged the substance of the widespread criticisms — without referring to them — provoked by Bumiller ’s article .
It noted that the “ premise ” of the Pentagon report was that “ all the former prisoners had been engaged in terrorism before their detention , ” which the note described as something that “ remains unproved . ”
It also admits that the article “ conflated two categories of former prisoners ” — those that had been “ confirmed as engaging in terrorism ” and those who were “ suspected of doing so . ”
In reality , the entire premise of the Pentagon report and Bumiller ’s piece had been thoroughly debunked before they ever appeared in print .
A December 2007 study prepared by Seton Hall University School of Law had demolished the credibility of an earlier Pentagon report making similar allegations about somewhat fewer ex-detainees returning to “ terrorist activity . ”
At the time , the Pentagon claimed that nearly 30 had “ returned to the battlefield , ” but described only 15 of these cases and named only seven .
The study found that eight of the 15 described as resuming terrorism were accused of nothing more than condemning their treatment at Guantánamo , an act that the Pentagon portrayed as terrorist propaganda .
Some of them — including the so - called Tipton Three ( British residents who since their release have remained in Britain ) — were included among those returning to terrorism for having appeared in the commercial film , The Road to Guantánamo , where they described the abuse to which they had been subjected .
Also included were five Uighurs — ethnic Chinese Muslims — who were released in 2006 after three years in Guantánamo and sent to a refugee camp in Albania .
The Pentagon itself acknowledged that they had been improperly classified as “ enemy combatants ” and there is no evidence whatsoever that they engaged in terrorist activity either before or after their incarceration at Guantánamo .
The reason they were included among those accused of carrying out “ anti-coalition militant activity ” is that one of them wrote an opinion piece for the New York Times urging the US Congress to protect habeas corpus .
In other words , unless one wants to be classified by the Defense Department as a “ terrorist , ” he had better keep his mouth shut about being tortured , make no complaints about being held prisoner for years without cause , and say nothing about democratic rights .
Out of the five that the Defense Department named as having been recaptured or killed , three were never listed among detainees at Guantánamo and one was shot to death by Russian security forces in an apartment complex after being pursued for unknown reasons .
Some of the same names debunked in this study reappear in the report released to Bumiller .
Moreover , as the study points out , “ Implicit in the allegation that one has returned to the battlefield is that one has been on a battlefield previously . ”
Based on a review of 516 summaries prepared by the Defense Department ’s Combat Status Review Tribunal , the study found that only 21 were even alleged to have ever been on anything that could be called a “ battlefield , ” and only 24 were actually captured by US forces .
The overwhelming majority — 86 percent — were sold to the US for bounty .
The sole detainee to have been captured on a battlefield by US forces was a 15 - year - old Canadian citizen , Omar Khadr .
It would appear that Bumiller either did not bother to review the Seton Hall study before writing her piece , or decided to deliberately ignore it in order to better promote the sensationalist charges of the Pentagon .
The follow - up column by the Times public affairs editor pointed to the rationale behind the timing of Bumiller ’s story .
“ When Vice President Dick Cheney assailed President Obama ’s plan to close the prison at Guantánamo last month , he used ammunition plucked right from that morning ’s Times . ”
Indeed , Bumiller ’s piece was published the same day that Obama and Cheney gave their extraordinary opposing speeches , pointing to the deepening crisis within the US state apparatus .
And , given its appearance in the supposed “ newspaper of record , ” it was picked up and echoed as fact by broadcast news outlets around the country .
Cheney directly invoked the Times story as key evidence in a speech that all but charged that the Obama administration ’s release of the Justice Department torture memos and its proposal to close down Guantánamo amounted to a treasonous aiding and abetting of terrorism .
Referring to the Guantánamo detainees , Cheney stated : “ Keep in mind that these are hardened terrorists picked up overseas since 9/11 .
The ones that were considered low - risk were released a long time ago .
And among those , we learned yesterday , many were treated too leniently , because 1 in 7 cut a straight path back to their prior line of work and have conducted murderous attacks in the Middle East . ”
The Times public editor lamented that the article that Cheney was citing was “ seriously flawed ” and “ greatly overplayed , ” adding that it was mistake to base an article on material leaked from the government without seeking to “ push back skeptically , ” given the highly charged political context .
The public editor then makes a telling , but unexplained reference : “ The lapse is especially unfortunate at the Times , given its history in covering the run-up to the Iraq war . ”
What he was referring to is the now infamous record of the newspaper and its then - senior correspondent , Judith Miller , in acting as a direct accomplice of the Bush administration in attempting to terrorize the American public into accepting a preemptive war against Iraq .
While working as a reporter , Miller was granted a classified security clearance by the Pentagon , in return for which she committed herself to keep state secrets from the newspaper ’s readership .
The reasons for this extraordinary relationship are clear .
Miller had in the course of her career established close relations with US and Israeli intelligence as well as ideological affinity with the right - wing think tanks that were leading the campaign for a war against Iraq .
In selecting Miller to cover the run-up to the Iraq war , the Times could have had no illusions about the results .
Miller drafted a series of articles promoting and embellishing upon the administration ’s fraudulent claims about supposed “ weapons of mass destruction ” in Iraq .
In a classic government - media echo chamber , Bush , Cheney and others would then cite the articles in the “ liberal New York Times ” as substantiation for their phony case for an unprovoked war against Iraq .
After it became manifestly clear that the Bush administration had dragged the country into war based on lies and disinformation that were disseminated most prominently by the Times , the newspaper ’s then - public editor was forced to write a similar piece acknowledging its “ mistakes . ”
Bumiller played her own role during this period .
Having previously covered City Hall in New York , from 2001 to 2007 , she was elevated to the position of Times White House correspondent , covering the Bush presidency during the entire period leading up to the Iraq war .
Asked by the Baltimore Sun about the failure of the entire White House press corps , of which she was a member , to pose any probing questions about the administration ’s manufactured pretense for invading Iraq , Bumiller responded :
“ I think we were very deferential ...
Think about it , you 're standing up on prime time live TV asking the president of the United States a question when the country 's about to go to war .
There was a very serious , somber tone that evening , and no one wanted to get into an argument with the president at this very serious time . ”
Nothing could more clearly express the debasement and cowardice of what passes for a “ free press ” in America .
This attitude on the eve of the Iraq war , like the willing regurgitation of Pentagon propaganda today , expresses the growing incorporation of the US mass media into the state apparatus and its self - subordination to the demands and needs of the ruling oligarchy .
This process is both an expression of and contributing factor in the advanced decay of democratic processes in the United States .
One day about six years ago , the Rev. Katherine Hancock Ragsdale was testifying before Congress on behalf of abortion rights , basking among politicians who were interested to hear her views and happy to shake her hand .
The next day , the Episcopal priest was back for a meeting at St. David 's , her tiny Pepperell church , where a 2 - year - old scaled her chair ... ( Full article : 1050 words )
This article is available in our archives : Globe Subscribers FREE for subscribers Subscribers to the Boston Globe get unlimited access to our archives .
Not a subscriber ?
Non-Subscribers Purchase an electronic copy of the full article .
Learn More $ 9.95 1 month archives pass
1 month archives pass $ 24.95 3 months archives pass
3 months archives pass $ 74.95 1 year archives pass
I hate mt - daapd
A blog dedicated to the destruction of the god-awful firefly / mt - daapd music server .
We ’re going green .
No longer political rhetoric , we are becoming acutely aware that we must be environmentally - responsible to our communities , our country , and our planet .
A 2009 US Green Building Council news release * asserted , “ The future clearly centers on energy efficiency , water reduction , cleaner indoor air , ( and ) sustainable environments ” while recent LEED ** studies indicate that up to 72 % of the nation ’s electricity consumption comes from … buildings .
Going “ green ” should reduce operating costs and conserve material resources .
The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act makes “ going green ” big news at the personal level .
This stimulus bill expands the existing Federal tax credits for energy - efficient capital improvements from 10 % to a generous 30 % , offered as a Federal Tax Rebate .
Oklahoma has received $ 107 million as their part of the stimulus package , with over $ 46 million ear - marked for state energy programs .
That means there is up to $ 6,500 available per home for energy efficiency upgrades for a qualified family of four , earning under $ 44,000 annually .
How do I choose which green improvements to make in my home ?
Do the cheapest , easiest things first .
Fix drafts around your doors , windows , and foundation .
Usually , a caulk gun or expandable foam is all that you need .
But for the sake of our discussion , let ’s focus on two areas of significant impact that may qualify for a 30 % rebate from the Federal Government – your attic insulation and your roof .
Insulation is one of those things that everyone seems to know they need , but understand very little about .
In the summer , we want to keep our air - conditioned , cool air inside and the sun ’s heat out .
In the winter , we want our warm living rooms shielded from the wintery temperatures outdoors .
Our understanding of this process has to do with thermal insulation , like the rolls of pink stuff in our attics .
These Fiberglass or Roc Wool types of insulation are classified as “ thermal ” for they function much like a blanket .
Just like adding more blankets , thicker insulation offers a greater thickness of captured air to act as a thermal insulator , but this solves only part of the problem .
Thermal insulation , since it deals with “ capacity ” ( R- value ) can reach a point where it becomes “ full ” .
Picture a sponge held under running water .
At some point , water runs right through because the sponge can hold no more .
The more R - value you have , the bigger your sponge , but at some point it still saturates .
With late - summer heat - waves like we experience in Oklahoma , it wo n’t take long for even the best thermal insulation to saturate .
What then ?
Once your insulation is “ full ” , heat begins to pass through to your conditioned space .
In fact , the insulation can work against you , as it releases pent - up heat into your home in the evening , even after the outdoor temperatures have dropped !
So , what can be done about these thermal deficiencies ?
NASA scientists discovered the solution is to reflect away radiant heat , rather than absorb it .
They found radiant barrier technology efficiently holds in body warmth in a space suit , and insulates against the extreme radiation of the sun in space .
The beauty of radiant barrier technology is it has no capacity limits !
It can reflect away heat day - in and day - out without any performance change .
Today , the same radiant barrier technology can be found in car shades , lunch bags , and now in our homes .
Radiant barrier film is a lightweight , aluminum - faced material that works with your existing thermal insulation to dramatically increase your home ’s energy efficiency .
With a single layer over your attic insulation , perforated radiant barrier film can reflect away up to 98 % of the radiant energy that was being absorbed by your thermal insulation .
Radiant barrier can be installed quickly , with most jobs requiring only a few hours in your attic .
This combined thermal / radiant barrier system helps your house act like an insulated vacuum bottle , efficiently holding your heated or cooled air right where you want it -- within the walls of your living space .
The insulating properties of the combination of thermal and radiant products can be amazing , with homeowners reporting a 8 – 25 % reduction in energy costs .
This government - tested product performs so significantly , that it qualifies for the 2009 30 % tax rebate program .
It may be the best value of any energy improvement you may choose to make !
Another area that significantly impacts your energy bill is your roof .
Not everyone is ready to replace their roof right now , but what you know about roofing products will help you make a “ green ” decision in the future .
Many traditional roof materials were developed for their protection and durability , but never were evaluated for their thermal properties or environmental impact .
Heat buildup , toxic emissions , flammable properties , lifespan and landfill impact are all huge issues with our “ green ” mandates .
One of the most eco-friendly solutions is metal roofing .
Here ’s why : Metal roofing is a 100 % recyclable product .
New roof panels today very likely contain up to 40 % recycled steel , and the same roof panels after a long life - cycle in use , can be 100 % recycled into the next useful product .
It ’s unlikely that metal panels will ever become waste in a landfill .
Secondly , today ’s panels are treated with a galvanic undercoating , and then painted with advanced finishes like SMP ( Siliconized Modified Polyesters ) to withstand sunlight and weather for up to 40 years .
Even then , metal roofs can be recoated to extend their life - cycle .
Metal panels can outlast conventional roofs by as much as four times .
A metal panel roof is lightweight , not subject to tear - off , and strong .
Even most Oklahoma hailstorms can’t dent or scratch these panels .
But the most significant quality of a metal roof with an EnergyStar finish is that it is the most radiant - reflective roofing material available , bar none .
An EnergyStar metal roof reflects radiant energy of the sun , rather than absorb it like other roofing materials .
The result is a cooler roof and attic space , which means less work for your insulation and your air conditioner .
Because of this , EnergyStar - certified metal roofing qualifies for the same 30 % tax rebate as other energy - saving improvements !
Wide - ranging new colors and textures ensure your new metal roof will comfortably fit in with most neighborhood homes .
Although we ’ve explored only insulation and roofing material in this article , there are many more “ green ” rebate - qualified improvements you can make to your home , and I invite you to explore all you can .
The tax benefit program is designed to run through 2010 , so now is the time to save .
Find a reputable contractor , who can properly advise you and install your energy - efficient products .
Even with tax benefits aside , you ’ll be glad you did , once you see your dramatically - lower utility bills .
* reference : US Green Building Council document , “ Green Building by the Numbers ” , March 2009 ;
Green Building Research , usgbc.org **” Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design ”
Smarter Quizzing Read the Kanji quizzes you intelligently - it knows what words you have yet to master , so you get the right amount of exposure to words that matches your unique learning curve .
Streamlined Drilling
Test yourself across thousands of words in the shortest time possible .
No page reloading , built - in javascript IME pad , drop - down romaji mapping and hotkeys – built for efficiency .
The state ’s Major Risk Medical Insurance Program is meant to serve as a last resort for the up to 400,000 Californians who have been rejected for health coverage by private insurers because of medical problems .
But it ’s not easy to get into .
It ’s not comprehensive .
And it ’s not cheap .
Los Angeles residents Susan and Stephen Perry recently turned to the program after being shown the door by money - minded private insurers .
Susan , 62 , a freelance writer , was diagnosed with ulcerative colitis , a digestive disorder , four years ago .
Stephen , 58 , a part - time teacher and a poet , has Type 2 diabetes .
Advertisement
“ We ’re spending all our retirement cash , ” Susan told me .
“ But this is the only insurance we could get . ”
The program is clearly well intended .
But it shows just how bad our healthcare system is for those who fall into the cracks -- and how the pursuit of even limited coverage can wipe out a family financially .
The Perrys had been covered by insurance offered by PEN American Center , an organization of writers and artists , until they received notice recently that their combined monthly premium would soon top $ 2,000 .
So they went shopping for coverage among private insurers and discovered that their business was n’t wanted -- by anyone .
Advertisement
That left only the Major Risk Medical Insurance Program , which charges the Perrys $ 1,746.29 a month for coverage provided by Blue Shield of California .
That ’s almost $ 21,000 a year .
For that , they enjoy a relatively low $ 500 annual deductible .
But they also face an annual cap of $ 75,000 in payouts .
God forbid if one of them suffers an expensive illness or injury .
“ It ’s very scary , ” Susan said , her voice hushed .
“ I do n’t know what we would do . ”
Advertisement
It ’s no secret that the healthcare system is unfriendly to those who are n’t insured through employer - based group plans .
It ’s even worse for those who have what the insurance industry calls “ preexisting conditions ” -- that is , a proven need for the product insurers sell , thus making such people bad for insurers ’ business .
The Major Risk Medical Insurance Program , or MRMIP -- pronounced “ Mister Mip ” -- is essentially catastrophic health insurance that does n’t cover catastrophes .
It ’s last - ditch insurance that ’s intended to safeguard hundreds of thousands of Californians turned away by private insurers but that lacks the funds to cover more than 7,100 people at any given time .
Advertisement
It ’s a system so anemic that even its boss readily acknowledges its shortcomings .
“ We do n’t advertise the program because we ca n’t handle everyone who comes to us already , ” said Lesley Cummings , executive director of the state ’s Major Risk Medical Insurance Board , which oversees MRMIP .
That wo n’t provide much solace to those having trouble getting insured .
“ I ca n’t provide solace , ” Cummings said .
“ This is very problematic . ”
Advertisement
MRMIP was established in 1991 to address the growing problem of people with medical conditions being pushed aside by private insurers .
Almost from the first day the program was unveiled , a waiting list has existed for enrollment .
It currently takes as long as four months to be enrolled in MRMIP .
And even then , you have to wait three months more for coverage of prescription drugs to kick in .
To accommodate more people , the state created a companion system , the Guaranteed Issue Pilot Program , which now provides coverage to about 6,000 people .
But that program was closed to new enrollment after participating insurers balked at some of the state ’s terms .
Under MRMIP , California taxpayers pay 40 % of the premiums to enroll people in individual plans offered by Kaiser Permanente , Blue Shield and Anthem Blue Cross .
Those premiums can run as much as 37 % higher than market rates for similar individual policies because of the enrollees ’ medical history .
Advertisement
And the $ 75,000 cap on annual coverage is among the lowest such limits among similar state programs nationwide .
Cummings acknowledged that the cap makes MRMIP ’s coverage less than comprehensive .
But she said that by spending less money on each patient , the program can extend its reach .
“ The board did that not because we think it ’s great policy , ” she said , “ but because it allows us to cover more people . ”
But at these monthly rates , should n’t the insurance be there for you in the event something catastrophic happens ?
For example , cancer treatment can easily top $ 100,000 .
Advertisement
“ If you get into a situation where you go over $ 75,000 a year , you ’re on your own , ” Cummings said .
She added : “ It ’s actually quite comprehensive coverage , up to where it stops . ”
Cummings said the only hope for improvement was in efforts at the federal level to reform the nation ’s healthcare system .
If President Obama succeeds in creating a public plan to compete with private insurers , she said , MRMIP would shut down immediately as the uninsured and underinsured flock to the new offering .
Similarly , she said , MRMIP could be disbanded if private insurers ended their practice of rejecting people with preexisting conditions -- which they say they ’d do if the government imposed a mandate that people buy coverage .
Advertisement
As it stands , many people would probably decide that it ’s cheaper to go without coverage than to pay nearly $ 900 a month per person .
The Perrys say they considered that but ultimately decided it was better to have some sort of insurance .
“ I ’d rather not gamble with my life and the life of my loved one , ” Susan said .
So they pay their huge premiums , deplete their bank account and hope they ’ll make it a few more years , when they ’ll finally qualify for Medicare .
They ’ll be pretty much broke at that point , but covered .
I asked Cummings what words of comfort she might have for people in the Perrys ’ position .
Advertisement
She went silent .
“ Do you hear me talking ? ” Cummings said at last .
Loud and clear .
--
Advertisement
David Lazarus ’ column runs Wednesdays and Sundays .
Send your tips or feedback to david.lazarus@latimes.com .
SOLEDAD O'BRIEN REPORTS
CNN continues its investigation of the most challenging issues facing African - Americans with " Black in America 2 . "
Soledad O'Brien reports on people who are using ground - breaking solutions to transform the black experience .
( CNN ) --
It takes seven minutes to execute a death row inmate , according to the state of Texas .
Mike Graczyk poses outside the Texas death chamber prior to an execution in January .
At that rate , Mike Graczyk has spent about 40 hours of his life watching men -- and a few women -- die .
Graczyk , a correspondent for The Associated Press , is believed to hold a macabre record .
He 's almost certainly watched more executions than anyone else in the United States .
" I can't possibly imagine there 's been someone present at more than Mike , " said Michelle Lyons , the spokeswoman for the Texas Department of Criminal Justice , which uses lethal injection at its execution chamber in Huntsville .
Since the death penalty was reinstated in 1976 , no state has executed more inmates than Texas .
And no one has witnessed more of them than Graczyk .
He's on the witness list for 315 of the state 's 439 executions -- more than any other reporter , prison employee or chaplain -- and no records were kept for another 80 .
Interactive map : See how Texas compares with other states »
In his early days , he kept count .
But he eventually stopped .
He did n't want to know .
" In one circle , I was perceived as putting notches on my gun belt , " the 59 - year - old reporter said .
" I did n't like that . "
Prison regulations in Texas require The Associated Press to be given one of the five designated media witness passes for each execution .
Texas execution facts
Texas executions since death penalty was reinstated : 439
Cost per execution for drugs used : $ 86.08
Average time on death row before execution : 10.26 years
Youngest inmate executed : Three at 24
Oldest inmate executed : 66
Women executed : 3
Source : Texas Department of Criminal Justice
Graczyk works in the AP's Houston bureau -- it 's closest to the state 's execution chamber in Huntsville .
Since the early 1980s , he 's made the hourlong drive north almost every time an inmate has faced the needle .
The first was March 13 , 1984 , for the execution of James " Cowboy " Autry , convicted of shooting a female store clerk between the eyes with a .38 - caliber revolver while arguing over a six - pack of beer .
She died , along with a former Catholic priest that Autry killed at the crime scene .
" The first time definitely leaves an impression on you , " Graczyk said .
There are others that stand out along the way .
Graczyk remembers Bob Black , convicted of killing his wife and trying to collect the insurance money .
" I walked into the death house , and he was strapped to the table and he said , ' Hey Mike , how are you doing ? '
It threw me for a loop . "
Graczyk said it 's normal for him to know the name of the condemned and not uncommon for the reverse to be true .
There have been others who greeted Graczyk by name with a needle in their arm .
Once , while waiting to be let into the death house , a prisoner phoned him in the media holding area .
It was the inmate whose execution Graczyk was about to witness .
" He said , ' I just wanted to call and make sure you were OK . '
I was flabbergasted . "
Do n't Miss Texas Department of Criminal Justice : Official Web site
Over the years , the inmate 's name has slipped from Graczyk 's memory , but not the unexpected phone conversation .
" I do n't think he had any family to call , " he said .
There was Ponchai Wilkerson , who once nearly escaped from death row and , years later , coughed up a handcuff key as he lay dying from his injection .
There was the " Candy Man , " Ronald Clark O'Bryan -- convicted of poisoning his child 's Halloween candy with cyanide -- and the gauntlet of college students wearing Halloween masks who showed up to cheer .
And Karla Faye Tucker , the first woman executed in Texas since the 1800s .
He remembers a network correspondent crying after her death -- and another blow - drying his hair .
Of the entire death chamber ritual , Graczyk said , it 's the final statements that stick in his mind .
Some have been confessions .
Others were denials .
Poetry .
Prayers .
Bible verses .
Curses .
Emotions ranging from defiance to resignation .
There was Jonathan Nobles , an electrician who stabbed two people to death .
He sang " Silent Night . "
" Ever since then , I think of him on Christmas or Christmas Eve when I 'm in church , " Graczyk said .
" That 's the kind of thing that haunts you . "
The person who may come closest to Graczyk 's status also felt things that haunted him .
Don Reid , a writer for the AP and , before that , a Texas newspaper , witnessed 189 executions in the 1960s , when Texas still strapped inmates to " Old Sparky , " the nickname for the state 's electric chair .
The experience changed Reid , who died in 1981 , from a supporter of the death penalty to an opponent .
He wrote a book , " Have a Seat , Please , " chronicling that transformation .
Graczyk said he does n't worry about the mental toll of watching so many deaths .
His bosses with the AP have offered counseling .
He 's declined .
" To see someone go to sleep -- not to sound insensitive -- but the carnage at the murder scene is harder than what you see in the death house in Huntsville , " he said .
Over a 25 - year career , Graczyk said , the executions have only been a small portion of his work .
He finds balance in those other stories .
As a journalist , Graczyk never answers the question when friends ask his own views on the death penalty .
" I 'm not sure I really know , " he said .
But as long as Texas keeps executing people , Graczyk said , it 's important that he keep showing up .
The next execution in Huntsville was scheduled for Thursday before the condemned , convicted murderer Kenneth Mosley , was granted a reprieve until September .
If the execution goes ahead then , Graczyk plans to make the drive .
" I would hate for the state of Texas to take someone 's life and no one be there , " he said .
CNN 's Doug Gross contributed to this report .
All About Capital Punishment • Texas
The government is revealing the design of a national identity card for the UK which it says it is pressing ahead with despite significant opposition and questions over its usefulness and costs .
The card will hold a limited amount of information but will be backed up by further information held in databases .
The Identity Cards Act 2006 includes a list of up to 49 items of information that could be recorded .
INFORMATION THAT WILL BE VISIBLE ON THE CARD : Name , date of birth and gender
Place of birth and nationality
Facial image and signature
Date the card was issued and when it will expire INFORMATION THAT WILL BE ENCODED ON THE CHIP : Name , date of birth and gender
Place of birth and nationality
Facial image
Two fingerprints
Date the card was issued and when it will expire INFORMATION THAT MAY BE HELD IN THE REGISTER , ACCORDING TO IDENTITY CARDS ACT 2006 : Personal information Full name
Other names by which person is or has been known Date of birth Place of birth Gender Address of principal place of residence in the United Kingdom
The address of every other place in the United Kingdom or elsewhere where person has a place of residence .
Identifying information A photograph of head and shoulders Signature Fingerprints Other biometric information Residential status Nationality Entitlement to remain in the United Kingdom where that entitlement derives from a grant of leave to enter or remain in the United Kingdom , the terms and conditions of that leave Personal reference numbers National Identity Registration Number
The number of any ID card issued Allocated national insurance number
The number of any relevant immigration document
The number of their United Kingdom passport
The number of any passport issued to the individual by or on behalf of the authorities of a country or territory outside the United Kingdom or by or on behalf of an international organisation
The number of any document that can be used by them ( in some or all circumstances ) instead of a passport
The number of any identity card issued to him / her by the authorities of a country or territory outside the United Kingdom
Any reference number allocated to him / her by the secretary of state in connection with an application made by him for permission to enter or to remain in the United Kingdom
The number of any work permit relating to him / her Any driver number given to him / her by a driving licence
The number of any designated document which is held by him / her and is a document the number of which does not fall within any of the preceding sub- paragraphs
The date of expiry or period of validity of a document the number of which is recorded by virtue of this paragraph Record history Information falling within the preceding paragraphs that has previously been recorded about him / her in the Register Particulars of changes affecting that information and of changes made to his / her entry in the Register Date of death Registration and ID card history
The date of every application for registration made by him / her
The date of every application by him / her for a modification of the contents of his entry
The date of every application by him / her confirming the contents of his entry ( with or without changes )
The reason for any omission from the information recorded in his / her entry Particulars ( in addition to its number ) of every ID card issued to him / her Whether each such card is in force and , if not , why not Particulars of every person who has countersigned an application by him / her for an ID card or a designated document , so far as those particulars were included on the application Particulars of every notification given about lost , stolen and damaged ID cards Particulars of every requirement by the secretary of state for the individual to surrender an ID card issued to him .
Validation information
The information provided in connection with every application to be entered in the Register , for a modification of the contents of his entry or for the issue of an ID card
The information provided in connection with every application confirming entry in the Register ( with or without changes )
Particulars of the steps taken , in connection with an application mentioned in paragraph ( a ) or ( b ) or otherwise , for identifying the applicant or for verifying the information provided in connection with the application Particulars of any other steps taken or information obtained for ensuring that there is a complete , up - to - date and accurate entry about that individual in the Register Particulars of every notification given by that individual for changing details in the register Security information A personal identification number to be used for facilitating the making of applications for information recorded in his / her entry , and for facilitating the provision of the information A password or other code to be used for that purpose or particulars of a method of generating such a password or code Questions and answers to be used for identifying a person seeking to make such an application or to apply for or to make a modification of that entry Records of provision of information Particulars of every occasion on which information contained in the individual 's entry has been provided to a person Particulars of every person to whom such information has been provided on such an occasion Other particulars , in relation to each such occasion , of the provision of the information
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Wave of Change Bavaria May Soon Legalize Surfing in Munich
Surfers who ride the wave of the Eisbach , a small canal , have become a major tourist attraction in Munich .
For years the sport has been prohibited on the river .
But state and city officials may soon move to lift the ban .
Robert Creeley
First Half ( 29:12 ) : MP3 , RealAudio
Second Half ( 29:08 ) : MP3 , RealAudio
PoemTalk Podcast # 16 , discussing Creeley 's " I Know A Man , " April 8 , 2009
Listen to the complete recording and read program notes for the episode at Jacket 2
Hit Singles
Various readings of " I Know A Man " ( text ) ( text - audio alignment ) :
Read at San Francisco State University , May 20 , 1956 ( 0:28 ) : MP3 Read At the Vancouver Poetry Conference , August 12 , 1963 ( 1:27 ) : MP3 Read at Harvard University , October 27 , 1966 ( 0:35 ) : MP3 Read in Bolinas , CA , July 1971 ( 0:26 ) : MP3 Read in Bolinas , CA , c. 1965 -1970 ( 0:25 ) : MP3 Read at the University of Waikato , New Zealand , July 26 , 1995 ( 0:25 ) : MP3
" I Know a Man " is also featured on PoemTalk Episode 16 .
Studio Recording at Black Mountain College , c. 1954
Full Reading ( 9:54 ) : MP3
The Rites ( 1:03 ) : MP3 The Crisis ( 0:26 ) : MP3 The Immoral Proposition ( 0:30 ) : MP3 For W.C.W. ( 0:18 ) : MP3 The Carnival ( 0:24 ) : MP3 The Charm ( 0:33 ) : MP3 The Pedigree ( 0:22 ) : MP3 The Dishonest Mailman ( 0:26 ) : MP3 Apple Uppfle ( 0:32 ) : MP3 The Revelation ( 0:22 ) : MP3 The Operation ( 0:29 ) : MP3 For Irving ( 0:24 ) : MP3 The Dissapointment ( 0:19 ) : MP3 El Noche ( 0:14 ) : MP3 The Whip ( 0:31 ) : MP3 Like They Say ( 0:18 ) : MP3 A Song ( " I had wanted a quiet testament " ) ( 0:44 ) : MP3 The Riddle ( 0:23 ) : MP3 The Ball Game ( 0:45 ) : MP3 The Innocence ( 0:28 ) : MP3 Something for Easter ( 0:20 ) : MP3
At San Francisco State University , May 20 , 1956
Full Reading ( 54:17 ) : MP3
Hart Crane ( 1:58 ) : MP3 Le Fou ( 1:30 ) : MP3 A Song ( " Ihad wanted a quiet testament " ) ( 0:57 ) : MP3 The Crisis ( 0:26 ) : MP3 For Ranier Gerhadt ( 1:41 ) : MP3 The Riddle ( 0:39 ) : MP3 The Rites ( 1:03 ) : MP3 The Ball Game ( 1:03 ) : MP3 The Innocence ( 0:32 ) : MP3 Something for Easter ( 0:37 ) : MP3 The Grace ( 10:18 ) : MP3 The Carnival ( 1:35 ) : MP3 The Charm ( 0:31 ) : MP3 The Pedigree ( 0:17 ) : MP3 After Lorca ( 2:09 ) : MP3 For an Anniversary ( 0:31 ) : MP3 The Kind of Act of ( 1:03 ) : MP3 The Dishonest Mailman ( 0:38 ) : MP3 The Crow ( 0:48 ) : MP3 For Martin ( 0:28 ) : MP3 The Immoral Proposition ( 1:46 ) : MP3 The Changes ( 0:31 ) : MP3 For Irving ( 0:37 ) : MP3 I Know a Man ( 0:25 ) : MP3 The End ( 0:27 ) : MP3 Death of Venus ( 0:38 ) : MP3 The Lover ( 0:28 ) : MP3 Wait for Me ( 0:38 ) : MP3 For Somebody 's Marriage ( 0:26 ) : MP3 The Business ( 0:23 ) : MP3 The Dissapointment ( 0:20 ) : MP3 The Warning ( 0:16 ) : MP3 A Form of Adaptation ( 0:41 ) : MP3 Song ( " Were I myself more blithe " ) ( 0:38 ) : MP3 Stomping with Catallus ( 1:20 ) : MP3 The Apology ( 0:11 ) : MP3 Like They Say ( 0:19 ) : MP3 The Whip ( 0:35 ) : MP3 All That is Lovely in Men ( 0:24 ) : MP3 A Dedication ( 1:18 ) : MP3 A Day at the Beach ( 0:41 ) : MP3 The Prejudice ( 0:23 ) : MP3 Naughty Waters ( published as Naughty Boy " ) ( 0:33 ) : MP3 " To work is to contradict contradictions , to do violence to natural violence ... " ( 0:59 ) : MP3 The Commentary ( 0:37 ) : MP3 Old Song ( 0:23 ) : MP3 A Wicker Basket ( 1:13 ) : MP3 For David ( 0:27 ) : MP3 Lover 's Leap ( 0:27 ) : MP3 Hold It ( 0:34 ) : MP3 Goodbye ( 0:28 ) : MP3 Ballad of the Despairing Husband ( 2:29 ) : MP3 Air ( " Cat Bird Singing " ) ( 0:41 ) : MP3 If You ( 0:46 ) : MP3 For Anne ( 0:24 ) : MP3 A Marriage ( 0:21 ) : MP3 Song ( " God give you pardon from gratitude " ) ( 0:14 ) : MP3 For the New Year ( 0:40 ) : MP3 And ( 0:48 ) : MP3
" I Know a Man " is also featured on PoemTalk Episode 16 .
At the Poetry Center , San Francisco State University , July 16 , 1959
Full Reading ( 1:00:29 ) : MP3
Hart Crane ( 1:30 ) : MP3 A Song ( " I had wanted a quiet testament " ) ( 0:44 ) : MP3 Le Fou ( 0:28 ) : MP3 The Crisis ( 0:29 ) : MP3 The Riddle ( 0:24 ) : MP3 The Innocence ( 0:29 ) : MP3 The Immoral Proposition ( 0:29 ) : MP3 The Operation ( 0:26 ) : MP3 I Know a Man ( 0:22 ) : MP3 The Lover ( 0:41 ) : MP3 A Warning ( 1:00 ) : MP3 Song ( " Were I myself more blithe " ) ( 0:36 ) : MP3 The Whip ( 0:34 ) : MP3
All that is Lovely in Men ( 0:18 ) : MP3 Please ( 0:51 ) : MP3 If You ( 0:44 ) : MP3 Ballad of the Despairing Husband ( 2:14 ) : MP3 The Tunnel ( 0:26 ) : MP3 Just Friends ( 0:31 ) : MP3 The Friend ( 0:36 ) : MP3 The Invoice ( 0:24 ) : MP3 They Say ( 0:19 ) : MP3 Juggler 's Thought ( 0:23 ) : MP3 The Wind ( 1:11 ) : MP3 Saturday Afternoon ( 0:27 ) : MP3 The Interview ( 0:29 ) : MP3
Je vois dans hasard tous les biens que j'espère ( 0:26 ) : MP3 Entre Nous ( 0:16 ) : MP3 The Three Ladies ( 0:59 ) : MP3 New Years 1958 ( 1:02 ) : MP3 The Hill ( 0:39 ) : MP3 A Gift of Great Value ( 0:39 ) : MP3 My Love ( 0:29 ) : MP3 The Names ( 0:22 ) : MP3 Going to Bed ( 0:52 ) : MP3 The Door ( 3:19 ) : MP3 The Snow ( 0:43 ) : MP3 The Awakening ( 1:24 ) : MP3 The End ( 0:22 ) : MP3 For Irving ( 0:23 ) : MP3 For a Friend ( 0:23 ) : MP3 Like They Say ( 0:18 ) : MP3 La Noche * Creeley called this poem " La Noche " here but later changed it to " El Noche . " ( 0:21 ) : MP3 The Total Parts of a World ( 0:23 ) : MP3 The Death of Venus ( 0:32 ) : MP3 The Ball Game ( 0:46 ) : MP3 The Carnival ( 0:26 ) : MP3 The Rites ( 1:07 ) : MP3 The Rhyme ( 0:21 ) : MP3 The Charm ( 0:33 ) : MP3 After Lorca ( 0:25 ) : MP3 The Kind of Act of ( 0:48 ) : MP3 Chanson ( 0:24 ) : MP3 For W.C.W. ( 0:19 ) : MP3
" I Know a Man " is also featured on PoemTalk Episode 16 .
Big Table Magazine Reading at The Second City , Chicago , May 15 , 1961
Introduction by Paul Carroll ( 1:56 ) : MP3 Hart Crane ( 2:51 ) : MP3 Le Fou ( 1:05 ) : MP3 A Song ( " I had wanted a quiet testament " ) ( 0:47 ) : MP3 The Crisis ( 0:39 ) : MP3 The Riddle ( 1:18 ) : MP3 The Rhyme ( 0:24 ) : MP3 The Innocence ( 0:40 ) : MP3 The Ball Game ( 0:52 ) : MP3 The Carnival ( 0:29 ) : MP3 The Charm ( 0:39 ) : MP3 After Lorca ( 1:51 ) : MP3 The Dishonest Mailman ( 0:53 ) : MP3 The Immoral Proposition ( 0:31 ) : MP3 For W.C.W. ( 1:10 ) : MP3 Apple Uppfle ( 0:36 ) : MP3 The Operation ( 0:28 ) : MP3 Chanson ( 0:35 ) : MP3 Do n't Sign Anything ( 0:25 ) : MP3 The Conspiracy ( 0:32 ) : MP3 The End ( 0:25 ) : MP3 The Business ( 0:30 ) : MP3 The Warning ( 0:23 ) : MP3 A Form of Adaptation ( 0:50 ) : MP3 Like They Say ( 0:25 ) : MP3 La Noche * Creeley called this poem " La Noche " here but later changed it to " El Noche " ( 0:54 ) : MP3 The Whip ( 0:40 ) : MP3 Juggler 's Thought ( 0:30 ) : MP3 A Form of Women ( 1:32 ) : MP3 They Say ( 0:24 ) : MP3 The Friend ( 0:47 ) : MP3 Please ( 0:51 ) : MP3 The Three Ladies ( 1:07 ) : MP3 Oh No ( 0:36 ) : MP3 Crowd ( 1:29 ) : MP3 Goodbye ( 0:47 ) : MP3 A Wicker Basket ( 1:35 ) : MP3 The Bed ( 0:34 ) : MP3 Just Friends ( 0:46 ) : MP3 The Way ( 0:38 ) : MP3 A Marriage ( 0:33 ) : MP3 Ballad of the Despairing Husband ( 2:42 ) : MP3 She Went to Stay ( 0:24 ) : MP3 If You ( 0:54 ) : MP3 The Tunnel ( 0:35 ) : MP3 The Names ( 0:29 ) : MP3 A Gift of Great Value ( 0:49 ) : MP3 The Invoice ( 0:32 ) : MP3 Naughty Waters ( published as Naughty Boy " ) ( 0:40 ) : MP3 Song ( " God give you pardon from gratitude " ) ( 0:20 ) : MP3 Entre Nous ( 0:17 ) : MP3 Sing Song ( 0:35 ) : MP3 The Place ( 1:03 ) : MP3 The Souvenir ( 0:16 ) : MP3 The Menu ( 0:21 ) : MP3 For the New Year ( 0:48 ) : MP3
Reading in the Recording Laboratory at the Library of Congress , June 1 , 1961
" Mr. Creeley reads sixteen poems from his collection , " The Whip " ; five poems from his collection , " A Form of Women " ; and nine poems from his collection , " For Love " . " - Library of Congress Catalog
Full Reading ( 54:32 ) : MP3
Introduction ( 14:33 ) : MP3 A Song ( 0:50 ) : MP3 The Crisis ( 0:33 ) : MP3 The Riddle ( 0:29 ) : MP3 The Rhyme ( 0:23 ) : MP3 The Innocence ( 0:34 ) : MP3 The Ball Game ( 0:52 ) : MP3 The Carnival ( 0:31 ) : MP3 The Charm ( 0:39 ) : MP3 The Dishonest Mailman ( 0:32 ) : MP3 The Immoral Proposition ( 0:32 ) : MP3 The Operation ( 0:31 ) : MP3 Chanson ( 0:34 ) : MP3 The Conspiracy ( 0:27 ) : MP3 I Know a Man ( 0:27 ) : MP3 The Warning ( 0:23 ) : MP3 The Whip ( 0:42 ) : MP3 Ballad of the Despairing Husband ( 2:41 ) : MP3 If You ( 0:52 ) : MP3 The Tunnel ( 0:30 ) : MP3 The Door ( 3:38 ) : MP3 The Hill ( 1:06 ) : MP3 For Love ( 2:29 ) : MP3 Fire ( 0:36 ) : MP3 The Name ( 1:18 ) : MP3 The Sign Board ( 1:18 ) : MP3 The Awakening ( 1:34 ) : MP3 Kore ( 0:47 ) : MP3 The Rain ( 0:56 ) : MP3 The Woman ( 0:39 ) : MP3 The Rescue ( 0:48 ) : MP3
Recording courtesy of Library of Congress
" I Know a Man " is also featured on PoemTalk Episode 16 .
from Exact Change Yearbook c.1963 , broadcast by Paul Blackburn on " Contemporary Poetry "
Heroes ; For Love ( 3:05 ) : MP3
At the Vancouver Poetry Conference , August 12 , 1963
Due to a power outage , only the first 14 minutes of the reading were recorded .
Full Reading ( 13:57 ) : MP3
A Song ( " I had wanted a quiet testament " ) ( 1:40 ) : MP3 The Innocence ( 0:33 ) : MP3 The Ball Game ( 1:04 ) : MP3 The Carnival ( 0:28 ) : MP3 After Lorca ( 0:41 ) : MP3 The Crow ( 0:29 ) : MP3 The Immoral Proposition ( 0:35 ) : MP3 The Operation ( 0:43 ) : MP3 I Know a Man ( 1:27 ) : MP3 The Lover ( 0:35 ) : MP3 Wait for Me ( 1:17 ) : MP3 The Warning ( 0:20 ) : MP3 A Form of Adaptation ( 0:51 ) : MP3 La Noche * Creeley called this poem " La Noche " here but later changed it to " El Noche " ( 0:31 ) : MP3 The Whip ( 0:15 ) : MP3 All That is Lovely in Men ( 0:25 ) : MP3 Juggler 's Thought ( 0:32 ) : MP3 A Form of Women ( 1:07 ) : MP3
These recordings were originally made available to the Slought Foundation by Fred Wah .
PennSound publication made with thanks to Slought and with the permission of Fred Wah and the Creeley Estate .
" I Know a Man " is also featured on PoemTalk Episode 16 .
At the University of Arizona Poetry Center , Tucson , December 4 , 1963
Full Reading ( 44:06 ) : MP3
Archive Introduction ( 0:14 ) : MP3 Hart Crane ( 3:47 ) : MP3 Le Fou ( 0:55 ) : MP3 The Crisis ( 1:57 ) : MP3 The Immoral Proposition ( 1:33 ) : MP3 I Know a Man ( 2:49 ) : MP3 Wait for Me ( 2:03 ) : MP3 The Whip ( 1:11 ) : MP3 New Years ( 2:53 ) : MP3 The Door ( 4:11 ) : MP3 Kore ( 2:09 ) : MP3 The Name ( 1:13 ) : MP3 Fire ( 2:40 ) : MP3 For Love ( 3:34 ) : MP3 The Language ( 1:49 ) : MP3 There Is ( 0:52 ) : MP3 The Book ( 9:56 ) : MP3
Recording courtesy of the University of Arizona Poetry Center .
" I Know a Man " is also featured on PoemTalk Episode 16 .
Recordings from Slought Foundation
From the 1963 Vancoucer Poetry Conference :
7/24/63 : Morning discussion featuring Robert Creeley , Allen Ginsberg :
Part 1 ( 1:06:53 ) : MP3 Part 2 ( 14:19 ) : MP3
7/24/63 : Evening discussion featuring Robert Creeley , Robert Duncan , Allen Ginsberg
Part 1 ( 1:05:16 ) : MP3 Part 2 ( 34:26 ) : MP3
7/26/63 : Discussion featuring Robert Creeley , Robert Duncan , Allen Ginsberg
Part 1 ( 32:08 ) : MP3 Part 2 ( 1:06:11 ) : MP3 Part 3 ( 15:15 ) : MP3
7/29/63 : Discussion featuring Robert Creeley , Robert Duncan , Allen Ginsberg , Charles Olson , Philip Whalen
Part 1 ( 1:05:42 ) : MP3 Part 2 ( 1:05:51 ) : MP3
7/31/63 : Discussion featuring Robert Creeley , Robert Duncan , Allen Ginsberg , Charles Olson
Part 1 ( 1:06:07 ) : MP3 Part 2 ( 1:03:57 ) : MP3
8/2/63 : Discussion featuring Robert Creeley , Robert Duncan , Allen Ginsberg , Charles Olson
Part 1 ( 52:01 ) : MP3 Part 2 ( 45:32 ) : MP3
8/5/63 : Lecture by Robert Duncan
Part 1 ( 1:38:00 ) : MP3 Part 2 ( 24:37 ) : MP3
8/7/63 : Discussion featuring Robert Creeley , Robert Duncan , Allen Ginsberg , Margaret Avison , Denise Levertov
Part 1 ( 23:49 ) : MP3 Part 2 ( 53:46 ) : MP3
8/12/63 : Discussion featuring Robert Creeley , Robert Duncan , Allen Ginsberg , Denise Levertov
Part 1 ( 39:25 ) : MP3 Part 2 ( 50:52 ) : MP3
8/14/63 : Discussion featuring Robert Creeley , Robert Duncan , Allen Ginsberg , Charles Olson
Part 1 ( 17:33 ) : MP3 Part 2 ( 1:07:39 ) : MP3
8/16/63 : Discussion featuring Robert Creeley , Robert Duncan , Allen Ginsberg
Part 1 ( 21:15 ) : MP3 Part 2 ( 1:00:51 ) : MP3
At the Berkeley Poetry Conference " A Sense of Measure " , 1965
July 22
Part One Full Reading ( 46:16 ) : MP3
Introduction ( 3:23 ) : MP3 The Rhythm ( 1:58 ) : MP3 The Rocks ( 1:40 ) : MP3 Water ( 1:07 ) : MP3 The Mountians in the Desert ( 0:33 ) : MP3 Water ( 1:07 ) : MP3 Waiting ( 0:46 ) : MP3 The Invitation ( 0:47 ) : MP3 For William Carlos Williams ( 0:37 ) : MP3 Song ( 0:37 ) : MP3 The Fire ( 0:38 ) : MP3 For No Clear Reason ( 0:29 ) : MP3 The Messengers ( For Allen Ginsberg ) ( 0:50 ) : MP3 I ( 1:19 ) : MP3 Something ( 1:08 ) : MP3 Walking ( 0:40 ) : MP3 The Language ( 1:07 ) : MP3 The Window ( 0:47 ) : MP3 The Chance ( 2:39 ) : MP3 Hellow ( 0:18 ) : MP3
Part Two Full Reading ( 33:41 ) : MP3
July 23
Part One Full Reading ( 1:01:29 ) : MP3
Part Two Full Reading ( 23:17 ) : MP3
" A Sense of Measure , " Berkeley Poetry Conference , July 23 , 1965
Recordings courtesy of David Levi Strauss
complete recording ( 1:25:39 ) : MP3
Richard Moore USA : Poetry Documentary , 1966
Reading at SUNY - Buffalo , October 3 , 1966 Full Reading ( 53:10 ) : MP3
Introduction ( 2:11 ) : MP3 The Rain ( 1:12 ) : MP3 Kore ( 0:57 ) : MP3 The Plan ( 1:03 ) : MP3 The Man ( 0:46 ) : MP3 A Wish ( 0:39 ) : MP3 The Name ( 1:29 ) : MP3 The First Time ( 1:45 ) : MP3 The Rose ( 1:35 ) : MP3 Love Comes Quietly ( 0:35 ) : MP3 The People ( 0:44 ) : MP3 Fire ( 0:37 ) : MP3 For Friendship ( 0:22 ) : MP3 The Gesture ( 1:36 ) : MP3 For Love ( 8:21 ) : MP3 Dimensions ( 1:04 ) : MP3 Distance ( 3:17 ) : MP3 Some Place ( 0:57 ) : MP3 Song ( " What do you " ) ( 0:27 ) : MP3 The Box ( 0:39 ) : MP3 A Piece ( 1:14 ) : MP3 A Prayer ( 0:24 ) : MP3
Here ( " What / has happened " ) ( 0:36 ) : MP3 One Way ( 1:57 ) : MP3 Anger ( 4:29 ) : MP3 A Sight ( 4:29 ) : MP3 The Woman ( 2:11 ) : MP3 From the Dream ( 0:53 ) : MP3 Fragments ( 0:43 ) : MP3 Oh My Love ( 0:34 ) : MP3 A Tally ( 1:31 ) : MP3 A Birthday ( 1:14 ) : MP3 Intervals ( 0:57 ) : MP3 The Hole ( 1:44 ) : MP3
These recordings were originally made available to the Slought Foundation by Fred Wah .
PennSound publication made with thanks to Slought and with the permission of Fred Wah and the Creeley Estate .
Reading at the Unterberg Poetry Center , 92nd Street Y , New York , NY , October 24 , 1966
with John Wieners
Complete Reading ( 28:26 ) : MP3
Introduction by Ed Sanders ( 3:00 ) : MP3 Some Place ( 1:34 ) : MP3 Song ( " I would n't " ) ( 0:55 ) : MP3 Song ( " What do you " ) ( 0:28 ) : MP3 For Helen ( 0:45 ) : MP3 A Night Sky ( 0:32 ) : MP3 The Answer ( 1:08:40 ) : MP3 Dimensions ( 1:08 ) : MP3 A Place ( 0:39 ) : MP3 Some Echoes ( 0:20 ) : MP3 Fancy ( 0:33 ) : MP3 The World ( 1:29 ) : MP3 Going ( 0:23 ) : MP3 The City ( 0:42 ) : MP3 Words ( 0:43 ) : MP3 A Reason ( 0:55 ) : MP3 The Shame ( 0:28 ) : MP3 The Statue ( 0:51 ) : MP3 The Window ( " There will be no simple " ) ( 0:54 ) : MP3 To Bobbie ( 1:10 ) : MP3 They ( 0:41 ) : MP3 A Method ( 0:50 ) : MP3 A Sight ( 2:11 ) : MP3 Pieces ( 0:19 ) : MP3 The Circle ( " Houses in " ) ( 0:36 ) : MP3 The Hole ( 1:34 ) : MP3 The Flower ( " Remember the way you " ) ( 0:26 ) : MP3 Water ( " Water drips " ) ( 1:02 ) : MP3 Intervals ( 1:03 ) : MP3 For Joel ( 1:45 ) : MP3
Enhanced audio recording courtesy of the Unterberg Poetry Center and The Estate of Robert Creeley
At the Poetry Center of the 92nd Street Y , October 24 , 1966
Full Reading ( 23:20 ) : MP3 ; RM file
Introduction by Ed Sanders ( 2:37 ) : MP3 Some Place ( 0:47 ) : MP3 Song ( " I would n't " ) ( 0:28 ) : MP3 Song ( " What do you " ) ( 0:23 ) : MP3 For Helen ( 0:32 ) : MP3 A Night Sky ( 0:26 ) : MP3 The Answer ( 0:25 ) : MP3 Dimensions ( 0:57 ) : MP3 A Place ( 0:29 ) : MP3 Some Echoes ( 0:18 ) : MP3 Fancy ( 0:30 ) : MP3 The World ( 1:22 ) : MP3 Going ( 0:18 ) : MP3 The City ( 0:36 ) : MP3 Words ( 0:38 ) : MP3 A Reason ( 0:50 ) : MP3 The Shame ( 0:22 ) : MP3 The Statue ( 0:43 ) : MP3 The Window ( 0:47 ) : MP3 To Bobbie ( 1:03 ) : MP3
They ( 0:34 ) : MP3 A Method ( 0:42 ) : MP3 A Sight ( 2:01 ) : MP3 Pieces ( 0:14 ) : MP3 The Circle ( 0:29 ) : MP3 The Hole ( 2:02 ) : MP3 Intervals ( 0:38 ) : MP3 For Joel ( 1:20 ) : MP3
On Olson , in Albuquerque , recorded 1966 .
Recordings courtesy of David Levi Strauss
Full Reading ( 1:08:40 ) : MP3
At Harvard University , October 27 , 1966
courtesy Woodberry Poetry Room , Harvard .
Introduction ( 2:20 ) : MP3 Le Fou ( 0:34 ) : MP3 A Song ( " I had wanted a quiet testament " ) ( 2:36 ) : MP3 The Crisis ( 0:35 ) : MP3 The Riddle ( 0:33 ) : MP3 The Rhyme ( 0:27 ) : MP3 The Innocence ( 0:39 ) : MP3 The Ball Game ( 1:00 ) : MP3 The Carnival ( 0:34 ) : MP3 After Lorca ( 0:46 ) : MP3 The Dishonest Mailmen ( 1:15 ) : MP3 The Immoral Proposition ( 0:36 ) : MP3 For W.C.W. ( 0:29 ) : MP3 Chanson ( 0:34 ) : MP3 Do n't Sign Anything ( 0:34 ) : MP3 The Conspiracy ( 2:39 ) : MP3 The End ( 0:29 ) : MP3 I Know a Man ( 0:35 ) : MP3 [ text - audio alignment ]
A Counterpoint ( 1:33 ) : MP3 The Warning ( 0:31 ) : MP3 The Whip ( 0:49 ) : MP3 La Noche * Creeley called this poem " La Noche " here but later changed it to " El Noche " ( 0:20 ) : MP3 Juggler 's Thought ( 0:32 ) : MP3 A Form of Women ( 1:34 ) : MP3 They Say ( 0:25 ) : MP3 The Friend ( 0:50 ) : MP3 The Three Ladies ( 1:11 ) : MP3 Oh No ( 0:30 ) : MP3 Goodbye ( 0:42 ) : MP3 If You ( 0:58 ) : MP3 The Tunnel ( 0:38 ) : MP3 The Names ( 0:29 ) : MP3 A Gift of Great Value ( 0:52 ) : MP3 Somewhere ( 0:38 ) : MP3 New Years ( 1:24 ) : MP3 Entre Nous ( 0:27 ) : MP3 Sing Song ( 0:41 ) : MP3 The Place ( 2:08 ) : MP3 The Souvenir ( 0:24 ) : MP3 The Door ( 3:48 ) : MP3 Kore ( 0:59 ) : MP3 The Name ( 1:27 ) : MP3 For Love ( 2:42 ) : MP3 The Woman ( 2:34 ) : MP3 The Window ( 0:57 ) : MP3 To Bobbie ( 1:40 ) : MP3
" I Know a Man " is also featured on PoemTalk Episode 16 .
From Today 's Poets : Their Poems , Their Voices .
Volume 3 , 1967/1968
Full Reading ( 5:18 ) : MP3
Oh No ( 0:31 ) : MP3 A Tally ( 1:33 ) : MP3 Words ( 0:47 ) : MP3 The Invoice ( 0:34 ) : MP3 The Cracks ( 0:55 ) : MP3 A Reason ( 0:55 ) : MP3
Robert & Bobbie Creeley : Placitas phone log , late September / early October , 1968
Full Recording ( 109:38 ) : MP3
Thanks to Bobbie Hawkins , Bill Katz , Elsa Dorfman , and Penelope Creeley for permission to make this available on PennSound .
Ed. Ch. Bernstein .
Thanks to Alexandra J. Gold for provided dates .
From The World Record : Readings at the St. Mark's Poetry Project , 1969 - 1980
I is the Grandson ( 1:37 ) : MP3 Anger ( 4:45 ) : MP3
Response to Martin Duberman 's interview questions on Black Mountain , from the late 1960's
Courtesty Jeff Davis .
Recording from North Carolina Division of Archives and History .
Talk and Reading on " Contemporary American Poets , " recorded in Bolinas in 1970
Full Reading ( 28:02 ) : MP3
This recording is from the collection of Robert Creeley
Reading in Bolinas , CA , July 1971
The Messengers ( 0:53 ) : MP3 I Know a Man ( 0:26 ) : MP3
From The Dial - a- Poem Poets ( 1972 )
The Dial - a - Poem Poets at UbuWeb
" I Know a Man " is also featured on PoemTalk Episode 16 .
Listen , 1972
Radio play by Robert Creeley , performed by Robert and Bobbie Creeley .
Listen ( 23:09 ) : MP3
Listen was first published in 1972 by Black Sparrow Press , in an edition containing monoprints by Bobbie Creeley .
The recording above was released on cassette by Black Sparrow in the same year .
The play was first broadcast by Westdeutscher Rundfunk , West Germany , on December 1 , 1971 in a translation by Klaus Reichert .
The quotation beginning at 15:56 and ending 16:48 ( " Now if you are sitting opposite me . . . " ) is from The Divided Self by R.D. Laing , Penguin , London 1965 , p. 21 .
The quotation beginning at 17:09 and ending at 17:19 ( " The I . . . " ) is from Notebooks 1914 - 1916 by Ludwig Wittgenstein , translated by Anscombe , Harper Torchbook , New York , 1969 , p. 80 .
Kyle Schlesinger on Listen : Meaning : I Hear You
Creeley reading from his home in Bolinas , CA ( c. 1965 - 70 ; more likely 1972 )
[ We are still working on identifying the date of cuts 1 - 6 .
Send corrections / additions to us at PennSound@writing.upenn.edu ]
On traveling and coming to terms with his poetic career ( 2:24 ) : MP3 Return ( 0:28 ) : MP3 The Charm ( 2:13 ) : MP3 Speaking briefly on For Love ( 0:38 ) : MP3 Creeley reads " A Form of Women , " from For Love , and discusses his inspirations ( 2:55 ) : MP3 Song ( " Those rivers run from that land " ) ( 1:32 ) : MP3 Correction from Lisa Hollenbach :
The recordings of " Heroes " through " The Name " were originally made for a birthday compilation tape Paul Blackburn made for Ezra Pound in honor of his 78th birthday in 1963 .
The tape was recorded not in New Mexico .
Creeley begins the original tape ( at UCSD ) with a dedication to Pound --" For Ezra Pound , who 's very very good to me , from Robert Creeley " -- and reads these 10 poems .
Heroes ( 0:48 ) : MP3 The House ( 0:25 ) : MP3 The People ( 0:27 ) : MP3 For Love ( 2:05 ) : MP3 The Whip ( 0:35 ) : MP3 I Know a Man ( 0:25 ) : MP3 La Noche * Creeley called this poem " La Noche " here but later changed it to " El Noche " ( 0:12 ) : MP3 Ballad of the Despairing Husband ( 2:31 ) : MP3 The Hill ( 0:39 ) : MP3 The Name ( 1:13 ) : MP3
" I Know a Man " is also featured on PoemTalk Episode 16 .
In Discussion with Joanne Kyger and Greg Hewlett , June 19 , 1972 ( Location Unknown )
Full Discussion ( 1:23:59 ) : MP3
Performing Poetry ( 14:03 ) : MP3 The Mediums of Print and Tape ( 3:38 ) : MP3 Space , Linearity , and Puns in Poetry ( 7:32 ) : MP3 Gertrude Stein 's Influence ( 4:38 ) : MP3 Stories ( 6:16 ) : MP3 The Format of Poetry Readings ( 7:50 ) : MP3 Voice ( 10:48 ) : MP3 Bookmaking ( 3:33 ) : MP3 Accessibility ( 1:48 ) : MP3 Listening to Recordings of Music versus Poetry ( 2:01 ) : MP3 Intention in Poetry ( 7:32 ) : MP3 Being Attentive to the Page and the Act of Writing ( 9:04 ) : MP3 Keats and Neurological Change , Olson and Stabilized Schizophrenia ( 5:11 ) : MP3
At Goddard College , May 18 , 1973
Edited by Seth Forrest
Full Reading ( 1:27:24 ) : MP3 , RealAudio
Introductions ( 2:05 ) : MP3
The Plan is the Body ( from Away ) ( 4:30 ) : MP3 Spring ( from Backwards ) ( 1:21 ) : MP3 But You ( from Backwards ) ( 0:30 ) : MP3 Oh Mabel ( from Backwards ) ( 0:16 ) : MP3 Dear Dorothy ( from Away ) ( 6:05 ) : MP3 Flesh ( from Backwards ) ( 1:13 ) : MP3 Home Again ( Unpublished ? ) ( 0:16 ) : MP3 Joking with audience ( 0:57 ) : MP3 Away ( from Away ) ( 4:44 ) : MP3 Faces ( for Joe Brainard ) ( 0:58 ) : MP3 Berlin : First Night & Early Morning ( from Away ) ( 2:32 ) : MP3 Places ( Uncollected , from The Collected Poems ) ( 3:37 ) : MP3 As We Sit ( from Thirty Things ) ( 3:39 ) : MP3 Every Day ( from Away ) ( 1:10 ) : MP3 Unknown Short Story ( 8:16 ) : MP3 Unknown Short Story ( 5:25 ) : MP3 Presences : a Text for Marisol ( 8:02 ) : MP3 As Real as Thinking ( from Pieces ) ( 3:31 ) : MP3 Flowers ( from Pieces ) ( 2:51 ) : MP3 The Family ( from Pieces ) ( 0:32 ) : MP3 Kate ’s ( from Pieces ) ( 0:09 ) : MP3 For You ( from Pieces ) ( 0:17 ) : MP3 Remarks on Gregory Corso ( 5:27 ) : MP3 A Step ( from Pieces ) ( 0:58 ) : MP3 Having To ( from Pieces ) ( 0:51 ) : MP3 The Car ( from Pieces ) ( 1:32 ) : MP3 Pieces of Cake ( from Pieces ) ( 0:31 ) : MP3 The Finger ( from Pieces ) ( 9:04 ) : MP3 One Thing ( Incomplete ) ( from Pieces ) ( 0:10 ) : MP3 I Cannot See You ( Incomplete ) ( from Pieces ) ( 0:12 ) : MP3 Gemini ( from Pieces ) ( 1:06 ) : MP3 In Secret ( from Pieces ) ( 0:26 ) : MP3
Time is some sort of hindsight ( from Pieces ) ( 0:33 ) : MP3 Follow the Drinking Gourd . . . ( from Pieces ) ( 2:58 ) : MP3
For Love , published by S Press as tape # 41 , recorded by Michael Köhler in Buffalo , New York , April 16th and 17th , 1974
Cover photograph by Ann Charter
Published by S Press 1975 / 1979 ; Written versions in : For Love ( 1962 ) and Poems 1950 – 1965 ( 1978 )
Complete recording ( 29:06 ) : MP3
The Door Selected Poems , published by S Press as tape # 40/41 , recorded by Michael Köhler in Buffalo , New York , April 16th , 17th , and 18th , 1974
A Selection of poems from :
The Charm :
The Return ( partial ) ( 0:22 ) : MP3
Sanine to Leda ( 0:45 ) : MP3
An Obscene Poem ( 0:37 ) : MP3
Broken Back Blues ( 1:07 ) : MP3
For Somebody 's Marriage ( 0:32 ) : MP3
For Love :
Le Fou ( 0:44 ) : MP3
The Crisis ( 0:36 ) : MP3
For Rainer Gerhardt ( 1:06 ) : MP3
The Immoral Proposition ( 0:38 ) : MP3
I Know a Man ( 0:33 ) : MP3
The Business ( 0:36 ) : MP3
The Warning ( 0:23 ) : MP3
The Whip ( 0:49 ) : MP3
A Wicker Basket ( 1:31 ) : MP3
The Door ( 4:11 ) : MP3
A Token ( 0:19 ) : MP3
The Gift ( 0:39 ) : MP3
The Name ( 1:24 ) : MP3
Love Comes Quietly ( 0:23 ) : MP3
Words :
The Rocks ( 0:48 ) : MP3
I is the Grandson ( 1:37 ) : MP3
The Language ( 0:40 ) : MP3
The Measure ( 0:26 ) : MP3
The Woman ( 2:12 ) : MP3
Distance ( 3:01 ) : MP3
Some Place ( 0:57 ) : MP3
Going ( 0:22 ) : MP3
The Hole ( 1:36 ) : MP3
Intervals ( 0:42 ) : MP3
Numbers :
1,2,3,0 . ( 4:52 ) : MP3
A Day Book
Looking for a Way ( 0:19 ) : MP3
Persons ( 0:50 ) : MP3
The Act of Love ( 1:51 ) : MP3
Time ( 1:02 ) : MP3
Massachusetts ( 1:17 ) : MP3
For Benny and Sabina ( 0:51 ) : MP3
Smoke ( 0:53 ) : MP3
For the Graduation : Bolinas School , June 11 , 1971 ( 0:44 ) : MP3
Complete recording ( 42:14 ) : MP3
Original released on cassette by S Press , Dusseldorf / München , Germany , 1975 .
" I Know a Man " is also featured on PoemTalk Episode 16 .
Rockdrill 1 : I Know a Man , Poems 1945 - 1975
CD available for purchase from Rockdrill , a series commissioned by the Contemporary Poetics Research Centre at Birkbeck College , London .
Return ( 0:28 ) : MP3 For an Anniversary ( 0:27 ) : MP3 The Europeans ( 0:16 ) : MP3 The Revelation ( 0:27 ) : MP3 Chasing the Bird ( 0:41 ) : MP3 The Changes ( 0:34 ) : MP3 Stomping with Catullus ( 1:10 ) : MP3 The Picnic ( 0:38 ) : MP3 The Sentence ( 0:27 ) : MP3 Preface to " For Love " ( 1:28 ) : MP3 A Song ( 0:58 ) : MP3 The Crisis ( 0:35 ) : MP3 The Innocence ( 0:36 ) : MP3 After Lorca ( 0:37 ) : MP3 The Dishonest Mailman ( 0:32 ) : MP3 The Immoral Proposition ( 0:33 ) : MP3 The Conspiracy ( 0:29 ) : MP3 I Know a Man ( 0:29 ) : MP3 The Disappointment ( 0:23 ) : MP3 Naughty Boy ( 0:40 ) : MP3 The Whip ( 1:13 ) : MP3 All
That is Lovely in Mean ( 0:23 ) : MP3 A Form of Women ( 1:27 ) : MP3 Please ( 1:01 ) : MP3 Oh No ( 0:30 ) : MP3 Goodbye ( 0:41 ) : MP3 A Marriage ( 0:30 ) : MP3 Ballad of the Despairing Husband ( 2:56 ) : MP3 If You ( 1:00 ) : MP3 Heroes ( 0:59 ) : MP3 The Door ( 4:12 ) : MP3 Kore ( 0:55 ) : MP3 The Rain ( 0:59 ) : MP3 Midnight ( 0:28 ) : MP3 Mind 's Heart ( 0:18 ) : MP3 Love Comes Quietly ( 0:23 ) : MP3 The People ( 0:32 ) : MP3 The Wife ( 0:34 ) : MP3 For Love ( 2:31 ) : MP3 Preface to " Words " ( 1:03 ) : MP3 The Rhythm ( 1:11 ) : MP3 The Mountains in the Desert ( 0:34 ) : MP3 For W.C.W. ( 0:35 ) : MP3 I ( 1:31 ) : MP3 Something ( 1:03 ) : MP3 Anger ( 4:55 ) : MP3 The Answer ( 0:28 ) : MP3 Some Echoes ( 0:23 ) : MP3 A Prayer ( 0:17 ) : MP3 Joy ( 0:17 ) : MP3 A Picture ( 0:27 ) : MP3 Here ( 0:13 ) : MP3 Intervals ( 0:35 ) : MP3 From " Song " ( Allen Ginsberg ) ( 0:12 ) : MP3 As Real as Thinking ( 0:37 ) : MP3 The Moon ( 1:08 ) : MP3 Names ( 0:26 ) : MP3 America ( 0:38 ) : MP3 Mazatlan : Sea ( 1:25 ) : MP3 B- ( 1:36 ) : MP3 Four ( 0:37 ) : MP3 Here ( 8:54 ) : MP3
" Do you think ... " ( 2:01 ) : MP3 Massachusetts ( 1:31 ) : MP3 For Benny and Sabina ( 0:51 ) : MP3 Rain ( 0:58 ) : MP3 Rain ( 2 ) ( 0:34 ) : MP3 As Now It Would Be Snow ( 1:41 ) : MP3 For My Mother : Genevieve Jules Creeley , April 8 , 1887 - October 7 , 1972 ( 3:13 ) : MP3
" I Know a Man " is also featured on PoemTalk Episode 16 .
Reading of Just Buffalo , December 1 , 1978
Full Reading ( 35:43 ) : MP3
From " Presences " ( 15:09 ) : MP3
Think of the Good Times ( incomplete ) ( 4:01 ) : MP3 Paterson ( incomplete ) ( 3:02 ) : MP3 Arroyo ( 0:52 ) : MP3 This Day ( 1:36 ) : MP3 The Last Mile ( 1:47 ) : MP3 If I Had My Way ( 2:32 ) : MP3
PennSound only link to Full Reading with Denise Levertov : MP3
Concerned Citizens for Cerritos Benefit Reading , University of New Mexico , Albuquerque , March 6 , 1979
Full Reading ( 2:12:13 ) : MP3
The Rhythm ( 1:16 ) : MP3 For No Clear Reason ( 0:55 ) : MP3 The Messengers ( 1:24 ) : MP3 Desultory Days ( 4:23 ) : MP3 The Fact ( 4:49 ) : MP3
Recordings from Naropa Poetics Audio Archives ( 1979 - 1999 )
Class by Robert Creeley on the Academy of Practicing Poets ( June 19 , 1979 ) : Link
Jack Collom , Carl Rakosi , Robert Creeley reading ( June 20 , 1979 ) : Link
Lecture on language poetry - Part 1 ( July 9 , 1984 ) : Link
Lecture on language poetry - Part 2 ( July 9 , 1984 ) : Link
Lecture on Jack Spicer and Robert Duncan - Part 1 ( June 23 , 1986 ) : Link
Lecture on Jack Spicer and Robert Duncan - Part 2 ( June 23 , 1986 ) : Link
Lecture - Part 2 ( June 27 , 1986 ) : Link
Lecture on John Wieners and his poems - Part 1 ( June 30 , 1986 ) : Link
Lecture on John Wieners and his poems - Part 2 ( June 30 , 1986 ) : Link
Lecture on poetry in motion ( July 2 , 1986 ) : Link
Lecture on the imagination of procedure - Part 1 ( July 4 , 1986 ) : Link
Lecture on the imagination of procedure - Part 2 ( July 4 , 1986 ) : Link
Boulder Theater Naropa Institute reading ( July 12 , 1991 ) : Link
Clark Coolidge , Robert Creeley and Steve Lacy panel , Poetry and jazz - Part 1 ( July 12 , 1991 ) : Link
Clark Coolidge , Robert Creeley and Steve Lacy panel , Poetry and jazz - Part 2 ( July 12 , 1991 ) : Link
Lecture at Boulder High School ( July 8 , 1994 ) : Link
Lecture on eco-poetics - Part 1 ( June 18 , 1997 ) : Link
Lecture on eco-poetics - Part 2 ( June 18 , 1997 ) : Link
Robin Blaser , Robert Creeley , Michael Ondaatje panel ( June 17 , 1999 ) : Link
Larry Bell , Talk at TAOS /NM , May 28 , 1980
Full Reading ( 45:57 ) : MP3
On friends ( 7:46 ) : MP3
On difficult times ( 6:53 ) : MP3
On writing company ( 4:26 ) : MP3
On stability ( 7:58 ) : MP3
On relationships , Wells and Shelley ( 18:52 ) : MP3
This recording is part of the collection Robert Creeley
Reading at the Albright - Knox Art Gallery , Buffalo , 1981
Full Reading ( 1:01:31 ) : MP3
Pre-Reading Conversation ( 11:25 ) : MP3 Introduction ( 3:34 ) : MP3
Creeley describes his first reading in Buffalo ( 2:32 ) : MP3 The Immoral Proposition ( 0:39 ) : MP3 The Operation ( 1:13 ) : MP3 Chanson ( 0:44 ) : MP3 The Conspiracy ( 0:30 ) : MP3 I Know a Man ( 0:34 ) : MP3 The Lover ( 0:43 ) : MP3 A Form of Women ( 2:04 ) : MP3 The Name ( 3:06 ) : MP3 The People ( 1:13 ) : MP3 I is the Grandson ( 3:39 ) : MP3 The Teachings ( 5:06 ) : MP3 The Moon ( 1:27 ) : MP3 from Numbers ( 9:01 ) : MP3 from Presences : A Text for Marisol ( 13:58 ) : MP3
" I Know a Man " is also featured on PoemTalk Episode 16 .
At Naropa University , Boulder , Colorado , July 1984
Full Reading ( 1:11:25 ) : MP3
Introduction by Reed Bye ( 1:59 ) : MP3 from Presences : A Text for Marisol ( 13:16 ) : MP3 Myself ( 1:07 ) : MP3 This World ( 1:22 ) : MP3 Barcelona : February 13 , 1977 ( 0:46 ) : MP3 Echoes ( incomplete ) ( 2:20 ) : MP3 Blues ( 2:20 ) : MP3 The Edge ( 1:18 ) : MP3 Time ( 2:05 ) : MP3 Hotel Schrieder Heidelberg ( 1:56 ) : MP3 Ich Bin ... ( 0:28 ) : MP3 Aprés Anders ( 6:01 ) : MP3 The Missing Link ( 0:57 ) : MP3 Shot ( 0:48 ) : MP3 The Old Days ( 0:17 ) : MP3 Lazy ( 0:11 ) : MP3 Paper ( 0:09 ) : MP3 Picture ( 0:33 ) : MP3 The View ( 0:42 ) : MP3 Mush ( 0:16 ) : MP3 Number ( 1:57 ) : MP3 La Cabeza ( 6:05 ) : MP3
Thanks ( 2:49 ) : MP3 Erotica ( 2:11 ) : MP3 from Presences : A Text for Marisol ( 13:27 ) : MP3 Anger ( 6:10 ) : MP3
MLA Reading , Washington , D.C. , 1984
Full Reading ( 62:30 ) : MP3
Introduction by Diane Wakoski ( 3:15 ) : MP3 Creeley 's Thanks and Preface ( 1:41 ) : MP3 The Language ( 0:33 ) : MP3 Do n't Sign Anything ( 1:01 ) : MP3 I Know a Man ( 1:24 ) : MP3 A Form of Women ( 1:34 ) : MP3 For Love ( 4:11 ) : MP3 Sitting Here ( 3:09 ) : MP3
Thee ( 0:58 ) : MP3 Situation Of ( 0:21 ) : MP3 Again ( 0:26 ) : MP3 The Which ( 0:48 ) : MP3 Ice Cream ( 0:46 ) : MP3 What ( 1:12 ) : MP3 The News ( 0:28 ) : MP3 Smell of Gum Wrappers ( 1:14 ) : MP3 Where We Are ( 2:41 ) : MP3 Voices from the Silence ( 4:03 ) : MP3 The Creative ( 7:22 ) : MP3 For My Mother : Genevieve Jules Creeley , April 8 , 1887 - October 7 , 1972 ( 3:08 ) : MP3 Cebu ( 5:37 ) : MP3 So There ( 4:03 ) : MP3 This World ( 1:24 ) : MP3 Later pt. 6 ( " Hey , Spot ! " ) : ( 1:16 ) : MP3 Later pt. 8 ( 1:02 ) : MP3 Desultory Days ( 3:35 ) : MP3 Mother 's Voice ( 1:20 ) : MP3 Bresson 's Movies ( 2:33 ) : MP3 Post - reading remarks with Charlies Bernstein and others ( 1:08 ) : MP3
" I Know a Man " is also featured on PoemTalk Episode 16 .
Creeley Interview , 1984 ( 34:47 ) : .RAM
Courtesy of Wired for Books Visiting the New College , September 20 - 25 , 1985 Recordings courtesy of David Levi Strauss
Three lectures introduced by Aaron Shurin .
Reading introduction by Duncan McNaughton September 20 , 1985 Complete Lecture on Emily Dickinson , Part I ( 1:35:46 ) : MP3 Challening the Image of Emily Dickinson as Eccentric , Reactive , and Fragile ( 11:06 ) : MP3 On the Comings and Goings of the Amherst Town and Church , Her Secondary School Education , and Her Daily Interactions ( 10:39 ) : MP3 On Her Family Life ( 3:34 ) : MP3 Reading from Emily Dickinson 's Letters ( 8:28 ) : MP3
On the Patterns of her Friends and Family ( 13:47 ) : MP3 Reading from Emily Dickinson 's Letters ( 3:19 ) : MP3 On Her Productivity During 1862 ( 2:39 ) : MP3 On Williams and Dickinson , and Not Providing Explanations ( 4:55 ) : MP3 Death and the Civil War in Relation to her Poetry ( 10:57 ) : MP3 Reading " Success is counted sweetest " ( 0:32 ) : MP3 Reading " Ambition cannot find him " ( 0:17 ) : MP3 Her Influences and Reading Interests ( 8:05 ) : MP3 Dilemmas of the Anthology Presentation , Rhythmic Shifts , Metric Variations , and Her Use of the Dash ( 3:23 ) : MP3 On the Notions of Place and Home ( 14:47 ) : MP3 September 23 , 1985 Full Poetry Reading ( 53:56 ) : MP3
Complete Lecture on Emily Dickinson , Part II ( 1:35:58 ) : MP3 September 25 , 1985 Complete Lecture on Emily Dickinson , Part III ( 1:56:13 ) : MP3 Reading at the Unterberg Poetry Center , 92nd Street Y , New York , NY , 1986
with Gwendolyn Brooks Introduction by poet D.H. Melhem Full Reading ( 32:41 ) : MP3 Recording courtesy of the Unterberg Poetry Center and The Estate of Robert Creeley Reading at the Naropa Institute , July 5 , 1986
with Ed Dorn Full Reading ( 25:07 ) : MP3 Bilingual Reading in Germany with Klaus Reichert , September 1986 Full Reading ( 39:50 ) : MP3 Chanson ( 1:22 ) : MP3 The Conspiracy ( 0:53 ) : MP3 The Dissapointment ( 0:45 ) : MP3 A Form of Women ( 2:47 ) : MP3 A Gift of Great Value ( 1:24 ) : MP3 Kore ( 1:26 ) : MP3 The Lady in Black ( 0:50 ) : MP3 The Gift ( 1:11 ) : MP3 For Love ( 4:26 ) : MP3 The Language ( 1:15 ) : MP3 Song ( 1:00 ) : MP3 The Hole ( 3:05 ) : MP3 Enough ( 7:12 ) : MP3 After ( 1:12 ) : MP3 Love ( 0:56 ) : MP3 Erotica ( 2:25 ) : MP3 The Edge ( 2:40 ) : MP3 Oh LOve ( 0:52 ) : MP3 If Happiness ( 0:54 ) : MP3 Waiting ( 0:27 ) : MP3 Song ( 1:11 ) : MP3 Self Portrait ( 1:37 ) : MP3
" New Letters on the Air " Reading and Interview , April 1988
Full Reading ( 29:41 ) : MP3 Reading for the Friends of the Scranton Public Library Poetry Series , April 13 , 1988 Creeley by Bruce Jackson and Diane Christian , 1988 ©Bruce Jackson and Diane Christian At the University of Helsinki , February 14 , 1989 Part 1 , Full Reading ( 43:49 ) : MP3
Part 2 , Full Reading ( 27:00 ) : MP3 Poets and Painters , Part 2 , Unterberg Poetry Center , 92nd Street Y , New York , 1990
with Robert Creeley , Eric Fischl , Jorie Graham , Brice Marden , and Arthur Danto Full Reading ( 1:06:54 ) : MP3 Charles Bernstein 's graduate Seminar at SUNY - Buffalo , September 13 , 1990 Part 1 , Full Reading ( 1:23:52 ) : MP3
Part 2 , Full Reading ( 57:28 ) : MP3 Olson 's Open Field , the Act of Creation , and the Body ( 4:50 ) : MP3 Olson and Williams ' Experience of Woman ( 6:12 ) : MP3 The Lack of Company in Williams ( 2:57 ) : MP3 Beginning with One Thing in Mind and Ending with Another ( 6:06 ) : MP3 Creeley 's Own Interest in Poetry and Fighting for New Ways of Reading and Writing ( 4:07 ) : MP3 The Beat Generation ( 4:25 ) : MP3 Allen Ginsberg and Rhythm ( 8:19 ) : MP3 Discussing Larry Eigner 's " Country / Harbor / Quiet / Act / Around " ( 6:13 ) : MP3 The Spatial and Typographical in Eigner 's Writing ( 4:55 ) : MP3 The Relation of Writing to the Body ( 6:50 ) : MP3 The Physicality of Articulation ( 2:08 ) : MP3 Turning Physical Disability into a Resource ( 8:53 ) : MP3 The Relationship of Speech to the Conditions of Poetry ( 2:46 ) : MP3 The Peripheral and the Central ( 3:00 ) : MP3 Writing on Paper , the Typewriter , and the Computer ( 11:48 ) : MP3 On Place ( 19:34 ) : MP3 Discussing the Poem " I " ( 17:58 ) : MP3 Reading " Something " ( 1:24 ) : MP3 Connection to the " I " in the Poems " I " and " Something " ( 1:21 ) : MP3 Reading " Walking " ( 0:23 ) : MP3 Making Use of Emotion in Poetry ( 4:58 ) : MP3 Thinking and Impedance ( 6:58 ) : MP3 Portraiture and Sincerity ( 4:42 ) : MP3 " Walking the Dog " Lecture Series on Poeticsat SUNY - Buffalo September 17 , 1990 Part 1 ( 1:11:04 ) : MP3
Part 2 ( 1:33:04 ) : MP3 , RealAudio October 15 , 1990 Part 1 ( 51:45 ) : MP3
Part 2 ( 51:40 ) : MP3
On jazz music and prosody in relation to a cluster of Beat and Black Mountain poets ( 3:23 ) : MP3 On Clark Coolidge , Michael Palmer , periodicity , and classic metrics ( 3:41 ) : MP3
On correspondence with Irving Layton on Robert Graves ( 14:02 ) : MP3 On Thomas Campion , weight and duration of syllables , and Michael Palmer 's commentary in Code of Signals ( 5:31 ) : MP3 On Robert Lowell , open verse , and Campion 's " Follow Thy Fair Sun " ( 5:48 ) : MP3
On rhythm in William Carlos Williams 's " The World Narrowed to a Point " ( 3:37 ) : MP3 On Gertrude Stein and Ron Silliman 's The New Sentence ( 8:23 ) : MP3 On Michael Palmer 's commentary on Clark Coolidge 's " A Note on Bop " ( 7:35 ) : MP3 On Robert Graves ' thoughts on his contemporaries ( 5:02 ) : MP3
On aural vs. visual experiences of poetry and Louis Zukofsky ( 2:36 ) : MP3 Reads William Carlos Williams 's " The Dance " ( 1:07 ) : MP3 Reads WCW 's " Burning the Christmas Greens " ( 5:38 ) : MP3 Reads WCW 's " History of Love " ( 0:30 ) : MP3 Reads WCW 's " When Structure Fails Rhyme Attempts to Come to the Rescue " ( 2:05 ) : MP3 Reads WCW 's " The Birth of Venus " ( 3:04 ) : MP3 Reads WCW 's " The Seafarer " ( 1:32 ) : MP3 Reads WCW 's " The Dish of Fruit " ( 0:19 ) : MP3 Reads WCW 's " The Act " ( 1:26 ) : MP3 Reads WCW 's " Lear " ( 1:33 ) : MP3 On Donald Wessling 's The Scissors of Meter : Grammetrics and Reading ( 1:55 ) : MP3 On Ron Silliman , the sentence , and ordered authority in syntax ( 16:52 ) : MP3 Reads and Discusses Emily Dickinson 's " My Life had stood -- a Loaded Gun " ( 0:57 ) : MP3
Creeley talks to Charles Bernstein's Poetics Seminar ; the focus is on gender issues .
SUNY - Buffalo , Feb. 28 , 1991
Part 1 ( 46:58 ) : MP3
Part 2 ( 46:50 ) : MP3
Part 3 ( 47:00 ) : MP3
Part 4 ( 33:59 ) : MP3
Reading at SUNY - Buffalo , March 20 , 1991
Full Reading ( 48:03 ) : MP3
Creeley on Collaboration at Nina Freudenheim Gallery , Buffalo , April 8 , 1991
Full Talk ( 1:02:43 ) : MP3 Poetry 1991 : The State of the Art , St. Marks Symposium , New York , May 3 , 1991 Talk by Robert Creeley ( 27:54 ) : MP3 Talk by Harryette Mullen ( 20:51 ) : MP3 Talk by Ann Lauterbach ( 11:46 ) : MP3 Talk by Charles North ( 29:42 ) : MP3 Complete program ( 1:18:31 ) : MP3
" The Radio Reading Project " with Ernesto Livon - Grossman , 1992
Full Reading and Interview ( 59:18 ) : MP3
Introduction ( 2:12 ) : MP3 Preface to Selected Poems ( 4:25 ) : MP3 The Revelation ( 1:12 ) : MP3 " Guido , i'vorrei che tu e Lapo ed io , " from The Charm ( 1:13 ) : MP3 Something for Easter ( 0:25 ) : MP3 The Charm ( 0:56 ) : MP3 Chasing the Bird ( 1:14 ) : MP3 For Somebody 's Marriage ( 0:50 ) : MP3
" To work is to contradict contradictions , to do violence to natural violence ... " ( 1:03 ) : MP3 The Picnic ( 0:48 ) : MP3 The Skeleton ( 0:29 ) : MP3 Le Fou ( 1:18 ) : MP3 The Innocence ( 1:55 ) : MP3 The Dishonest Mailman ( 0:31 ) : MP3 The Conspiracy ( 1:34 ) : MP3 A Form of Women ( 2:57 ) : MP3 Oh No ( 1:24 ) : MP3 The Sign Board ( 1:51 ) : MP3 The Rescue ( 0:48 ) : MP3 The House ( 1:23 ) : MP3 A Picture ( 3:43 ) : MP3 A Piece ( 0:16 ) : MP3 Interview with Ernesto Livon - Grossman ( 26:50 ) : MP3
Andrew Kohn Interview with Robert Creeley , December 16 , 1992
Full Reading ( 38:59 ) : MP3
This recording is from the Robert Creeley Tape Collection
Reading at Ganz Auditorium , Roosevelt Auditorium , Chicago , April 1 , 1993
Complete Recording ( 32:53 ) : MP3
Courtesy of George Drury
Ballade pour Robert Creeley , c. 1993
Recorded by Jacques Darras in Paris for the France Culture documentary series Albatros .
Creeley discusses his life and work and reads poems , with Pierre Joris , to the improvised jazz of Steve Lacy .
Produced by Jacques Taroni for Radio France .
Part 1 ( 40:54 ) : MP3
Part 2 ( 41:13 ) : MP3
Books Books Books
This radio series pilot , from the mid-1990s , features Robert Creeley and Charles Bernstein .
It was never broadcast and no other programs were produced .
Full Reading : MP3 , RealAudio
Reading with Charles Bernstein and Susan Howe at SUNY Buffalo , March 31 , 1995
Introduction ( 2:50 ) : MP3
Histoire de Florida ( 18:24 ) : MP3
Robert Creeley in conversation with Alan Riach at the University of Waikato , New Zealand , July 26 , 1995
Complete Recording ( 51:15 ) : MP3
I Know a Man ( 0:25 ) : MP3
The World ( 1:27 ) : MP3
" I Know a Man " is also featured on PoemTalk Episode 16 .
SUNY Buffalo , Creeley @ 70 Celebration , October 11 , 1996
Opening event , 3 - 5 pm at UB 's Katharine Cornell Theatre . ( 1:30:20 ) : MP3
Introduction to event by organizer Charles Bernstein ; introduction to Creeley by UB President William Greiner ; ( 9:04 ) Joseph Conte introduction to Gilbert Sorrentino followed by Sorrentino reading ; ( 58:52 ) Creeley talking ; ( 1:13:28 ) Creeley reads " Dogs of Auckland "
8:30 pm at Cornell theater : Full Creeley reading followed by conversation with Jim Dine and Bernstein ( 2:13:11 ) : MP3
Introduction by Susan Howe ( 14:25 ) : MP3 Creeley 's Preface ( 5:16 ) : MP3 Introduction to Mabel : A Story ( 8:15 ) : MP3 " For More " from Mabel : A Story ( 21:36 ) : MP3 Histoire de FLorida ( 21:01 ) : MP3 Introduction to Jim Dine by Charles Bernstein ( 5:04 ) : MP3 Conversation between Jim Dine , Charles Bernstein , and Robert Creeley ( 57:25 ) : MP3
Video Recording of Creeley evening reading ( Part 1 )
Video of Jim Dine conversation ( Part ) 2
Reading at Goddard College in Plainfield , Vermont , May 18 , 1998
Kyle Schlesinger and Robert Creeley , Plainfield , Vermont , 1998
On his poetic influences and the Norton Anthology ( 6:00 ) : MP3 " Sherwood " by Alfred Noyles ; " Invictus " by William Ernest Henley ( 5:22 ) : MP3 " When I am Dead , my Dearest " by Christina Rosetti ; " Hart Crane " ( 6:09 ) : MP3 On Slater Brown ; " For Love " ( 5:04 ) : MP3
On the aging of his mother ( 7:43 ) : MP3 " For my mother : Genevieve Jules Creeley , April 8 , 1887 - October 7 , 1972 " ( 5:08 ) : MP3
On the condition of poetry and meeting Penelope ( 5:44 ) : MP3 " So There " ( 3:22 ) : MP3 " Four Days in Vermont " ( 5:35 ) : MP3 " Help " ( 2:27 ) : MP3
For more information , click here
Rockdrill 2 : Just in Time , Poems 1976 - 1998
CD available for purchase from Rockdrill , a series commissioned by the Contemporary Poetics Research Centre at Birkbeck College , London .
So There ( 3:36 ) : MP3 Myself ( 1:09 ) : MP3 This World ( 1:09 ) : MP3 The House ( 1:28 ) : MP3 I Love You ( 0:48 ) : MP3 For Years Later ( 1:07 ) : MP3
Thanks ( 0:56 ) : MP3 First Rain ( 0:41 ) : MP3 The Edge ( 1:20 ) : MP3 Song ( " Love has no other friends " ) ( 1:13 ) : MP3 Time - for Willy ( 2:03 ) : MP3 Mother 's Voice ( 0:56 ) : MP3 Buffalo Evening ( 0:34 ) : MP3 Oh Max ( 5:25 ) : MP3 Room ( 0:29 ) : MP3 Massachusetts May ( 0:35 ) : MP3 Fathers ( 1:08 ) : MP3 Memory Gardens ( 0:44 ) : MP3 Supper ( 0:13 ) : MP3 Mother 's Photograph ( 0:36 ) : MP3 Valentine ( 0:29 ) : MP3 Back ( 1:01 ) : MP3 The Doctor ( 1:11 ) : MP3 Stairway to Heaven ( 0:44 ) : MP3 Oh ( 0:40 ) : MP3 " Ever since Hitler ... " ( 0:39 ) : MP3 Thinking ( 1:13 ) : MP3 Whatever ( 0:32 ) : MP3 Helsinki Window ( 5:37 ) : MP3 Spring Light ( 0:39 ) : MP3 New Mexico ( 1:13 ) : MP3 East Street Again ( 0:48 ) : MP3 A Note ( 1:02 ) : MP3 This House ( 1:19 ) : MP3 Edges ( 1:43 ) : MP3 Histoire de Florida ( 19:17 ) : MP3 Credo ( 2:07 ) : MP3 Goodbye ( 1:14 ) : MP3 Four Days in Vermont ( 4:47 ) : MP3 Edges ( 2:40 ) : MP3
SUNY - Buffalo , November 5 , 1999
Full Video ( 1:05:40 ) : RealVideo
This event took place Friday , Nov. 5 , 1999 at 8 p.m. , Allen Hall , South Campus , State University at Buffalo , New York and was also
broadcast live on WBFO , 88.7 FM .
Thanks to Just Buffalo Literary Center , WBFO , SUNY Buffalo , and Robert Creeley for
permission to make this event available on the Web. RealVideo by Anya Lewin. EPC feed .
Reading at Harvard University , 1999
Introduction by Jorie Graham ( 5:55 ) : MP3 Histoire de Florida ( 20:54 ) : MP3 Possibilities ( 10:00 ) : MP3
Reading at the Walt Whitman Cultural Arts Center , Camden , NJ , November 21 , 1999
After an introduction , Creeley talks about Whitman and starts his reading with " Histoire de Florida "
Reading and brief discussion ( 1:11:32 ) : MP3
This recording is courtesy of Jack Krick
Photographs of the visit
April 10 Reading : Quicktime Video
MP3 singles of April 10 reading
Place ( 0:31 ) : MP3
Wo n't it be Fine ? ( 2:57 ) : MP3 Bresson 's Movies ( 1:12 ) : MP3 Echoes ( 0:43 ) : MP3 En Famille ( 5:13 ) : MP3 Help ( 1:03 ) : MP3 Love ( 0:25 ) : MP3 Myself ( 2:02 ) : MP3 The House ( 1:32 ) : MP3
There ( 1:03 ) : MP3 Thinking ( 0:52 ) : MP3 This World ( 0:08 ) : MP3 End of Presences : A Text for Marisol ( 9:07 ) : MP3
" Where late the sweet birds sang ... " ( 4:20 ) : MP3
April 11 interview and conversation moderated by Al Filreis
Full Interview ( 1:20:06 ) : MP3 ( audio only ) ; QuickTime Video
Podcast of the Interview and Conversation : MP3
Introduction ( 5:45 ) : MP3 On using Monologue ( 6:29 ) : MP3
Using tools to make objective writing and sound ( 5:49 ) : MP3 Poems of memory and assumption ( 4:46 ) : MP3 Making it new ( 6:11 ) : MP3
On the impact of William Carlos Williams 's angry poetry ( 3:57 ) : MP3
On young poets ( 2:54 ) : MP3 Form as an expression of content ( 4:08 ) : MP3
On having few precedents ( 4:59 ) : MP3 On Denise Levertov ( 4:31 ) : MP3
Poetry , the internet , and social power ( 3:35 ) : MP3 Conversation with Marjorie Perloff about love poetry ( 7:01 ) : MP3
On making objective texts ( 4:05 ) : MP3 On Bob Dylan ( 3:08 ) : MP3
On hearing poetry read out loud ( 3:24 ) : MP3 Influences ( 3:03 ) : MP3 Reading and discussing A Valentine for Pen ( 3:55 ) : MP3
A selection of uncollected poems read at home in Waldoboro , Maine on June 11 , 2000
For Hannah 's 14th Birthday ( 0:54 ) : MP3 For Will ( 1:39 ) : MP3 " Wild Nights , Wild Nights " ( 0:49 ) : MP3 " Where late the sweet birds sang ... " ( 1:08 ) : MP3 En Famille ( 4:37 ) : MP3 Conversion to Her ( 2:52 ) : MP3 Clemente 's Images ( 8:30 ) : MP3 As If ( 0:53 ) : MP3 Possibilities ( 4:31 ) : MP3 Anya ( 1:17 ) : MP3 Thinking ( 0:54 ) : MP3
" When I heard the learn 'd astronomer ... " ( 2:36 ) : MP3 For the Phi Beta Kappa Ceremony ( 1:40 ) : MP3 Cambridge , Mass 1944 ( 0:45 ) : MP3 Place to Be ( 0:46 ) : MP3
Recorded by Rick Alverson .
Sequenced by Mike Hearst and Ben Swanson .
" En Famille " was first published in En Famille by Robert Creeley ( text ) and Elsa Dorfman ( photographs ) , Granary Books , New York , 1999 .
Reading at the Unterberg Poetry Center , 92nd Street Y , New York , NY , 2000
with Michael Palmer
Introduction by John Yau
Full Reading ( 33:28 ) : MP3
Q&A with Creeley and Palmer ( 10:39 ) : MP3
Recording courtesy of the Unterberg Poetry Center and The Estate of Robert Creeley
Creeley and the Persistence of Voice , in conversation with Bruce Jackson for Substance TV , 2001
©Substance TV
Reading and discussing On Art and Collaboration , Unterberg Poetry Center , 92nd Street Y , New York , NY , 2002
Full Recording ( 59:42 ) : MP3
Q&A with Creeley and Katz ( 10:18 ) : MP3
Recording courtesy of the Unterberg Poetry Center , Alex Katz , and The Estate of Robert Creeley Robert Creeley : A Home Movie A video interview with Ted Pelton , 2002 .
Bookworm interview , March 28 , 2002 Compete Interview MP3
At the University of Arizona Poetry Center , Tucson , December 4 , 2002
Full Reading ( 59:55 ) : MP3
Introduction ( 5:01 ) : MP3 Yesterdays ( 7:41 ) : MP3 Pictures ( 6:53 ) : MP3
" If I were writing this ... " ( 7:41 ) : MP3 Memory ( " Somewhere Allen Ginsberg is ... " ) : MP3 Memory ( " Remember when ... " ) ( 0:53 ) : MP3 Mediterranean II ( 3:39 ) : MP3 War ( 0:58 ) : MP3
Talking ( " I was trying to think of when rightly ... " ) ( 0:49 ) : MP3 Paul ( 1:55 ) : MP3 For John Wieners ( 3:58 ) : MP3 Generous Life ( 1:13 ) : MP3 Q & A ( 14:38 ) : MP3
Recording courtesy of the University of Arizona Poetry Center .
Reading at the East Vancouver Cultural Center , September 11 , 2003
Full Reading ( 45:17 ) : MP3
Introduction by Robin Blaser ( 7:54 ) : MP3 Creeley 's Introduction ( 5:02 ) : MP3 The Door ( 5:26 ) : MP3 " After School " by Robin Blaser ( 1:03 ) : MP3 Bresson 's Movies ( 2:05 ) : MP3 Yesterdays ( 5:32 ) : MP3 Memory ( 3:19 ) : MP3 Emptiness ( 4:43 ) : MP3 For John Wieners ( 3:23 ) : MP3 Paul ( 1:59 ) : MP3 Ground Zero ( 2:27 ) : MP3 Generous Life ( 2:18 ) : MP3
Yale Collection of American Literature Reading Series , Beinecke Library , November 13 , 2003
Full Reading , introduction by Richard Deming ( 55:14 ) : MP3
Recording Courtesy of Beinecke ;
Thanks to Nancy Kuhl
Cross-Cultural Poetics radio program with host Leonard Schwartz , November 24 , 2003
Full Transcript of Show from Jacket : Link
Full Reading ( 28:12 ) : MP3
Introduction ( 0:56 ) : MP3 Form as extension of content ( 1:34 ) : MP3 Poem in memory of Allen Ginsberg ( 3:09 ) : MP3 Discussing Allen Ginsberg ( 2:07 ) : MP3 Influence of Robert Graves ; matriarchy in poetry ( 4:38 ) : MP3 " Conversion to Her " ( 2:49 ) : MP3 Presence of rhyme ( 1:32 ) : MP3 " John 's Song " ( 1:55 ) : MP3 Poetry and language during the Bush administration ( 2:52 ) : MP3
On repetition ( 1:35 ) : MP3 " If I Were Writing This " ( 3:13 ) : MP3 Discussing " If I Were Writing This " ( 1:50 ) : MP3
Creeley reads Charles Olson's " Maximus , to Gloucester , " Key West Literary Seminar , 2003
Full Reading ( 5:15 ) : MP3
Reading and Lecture - produced by Poem Present , the University of Chicago , April 1 and 2 , 2004
Full Reading ( 49:15 ) : MP3 ; Video Full Lecture ( 1:05:35 ) : MP3 ; Video
Louis Zukofsky Centennial talk , Columbia University , September 17 , 2004
Full Recording ( 19:35 ) : MP3
Early advocates of Zukofsky 's work ( 4:43 ) : MP3 Fragility to the world in Zukofsky 's writing ( 1:50 ) : MP3 Visiting Louis and Celia in Brooklyn ( 3:03 ) : MP3 Promoting and publishing Zukofsky 's work after his death ( 2:10 ) : MP3 What Zukofsky 's work engages and locates ( 1:41 ) : MP3 With Zukofsky , Borges and Duncan in Austin , Texas ( 1:14 ) : MP3 Zukofsky as an accomplished prosodist ( 3:33 ) : MP3
The personal , intimate , and familial presence of Zukofsky ( 1:17 ) : MP3
Full Reading ( 25:04 ) : MP3
Reading available as streaming video in addition to mp3 audio
He also argued there was a large number of witnesses in the US , along with the real evidence – apart from Mr McKinnon 's computer .
Gathering the evidence for prosecution in the UK would be an immense task , and certain material from the US might be considered " sensitive " by the US authorities .
Ireland could be home to two detainees from the US camp at Guantanamo Bay .
Irish Foreign Affairs Minister Micheal Martin says the Government may resettle two men from Uzbekistan once they are released .
Taoiseach Brian Cowen announced that Ireland would accept a small number of prisoners from the controversial camp while he was in Washington for the St Patrick 's Day celebrations .
The US is releasing the two men because they say they pose no threat .
However , the men can not be returned to their own countries as they are believed to be at risk of torture .
The continuing internet blog wars amongst the anti-Muslims and Islamophobes have been quite funny and interesting for all that they reveal about the agendas driving them .
It was only a matter of time before the fault lines began to appear amongst a group for whom it will be noted ( a piece in the future ) were really only united by a hate for Islam and Muslims , and in which their real motivations were self - aggrandizement coupled with hatred of the other .
Some bloggers such as Charles Johnson of Little Green Football ’s have calmed their rhetoric and focused on other subjects such as science and local politics , while Robert Spencer and his allies have continued their hatred unabated , though stung by the increasing irrelevance of their movement in the Obama age .
Who knows how long this will last or the eventual outcome of the Great Blog Soap Opera ?
Yet , the fault lines were appearing earlier when in September of 2008 Debbie Schlussel , a well known Islamophobe came out strongly against both Walid Shoebat calling him a “ fake terrorist ” and Steven Emerson who she described as a “ phony . ”
All these are welcome contributions to the exposition of the loons and may have softened the image of Schlussel as an Islamophobe in the minds of some if it were n’t for the fact that her motivation in exposing these two was n’t pure ego .
She was compelled to reluctantly spill the truth about these two for the simple reason that in the case of Shoebat he “ cursed her out ” and failed to cite the use of Schlussel ’s work .
So no one should fall under the illusion that her turn of face in exposing these two was motivated by a cathartic realization that they are haters , it was all personal and business — not principles .
In other news the Los Angeles Times has taken Schlussel to task for saying that the recent Ron Howard directed movie Angels and Demons was soft on Muslim Terrorists .
Patrick Goldstein aptly describes Schlussel as , “ a trigger happy anti-Muslim zealot . ”
Just when Ron Howard thought he was in the clear , having avoided being attacks by the Vatican for any anti-Catholic story lines in his upcoming “ Angels and Demons , ” he now finds himself under fire from the one and only Debbie Schlussel .
Revered as a truth - teller in conservative circles , the blogger - critic is actually a trigger - happy anti-Muslim zealot — she went nuclear last year when “ Defiance ” Ed Zwick director refused to condemn Hamas — who ’s now taking aim at “ Angels and Demons , ” which she ( big surprise ) thinks is soft on Muslim terrorists .
How did the Howard - directed thriller go from being anti-Catholic to pro-Muslim ?
According to early press reports , Howard apparently changed the identity of an assassin , who is Muslim in the Dan Brown bestseller , to someone who is now Danish .
For the rest of us , this is — how should I put it — not such a big deal .
But for Schlussel ?
She writes : “ Over the years , I ’ve written about the many movies in which Hollywood changes the villain or the terrorist in the original script or novel from a Muslim to something else out of politically correct deference to Islam , the religion of whiners ( and ultimately , murderers ) .
Now , Hollywood continues in this tradition . …
I ’m already learning that [ ‘ Angels and Demons ’ ] has been ‘ disinfected ’ by Islamopanderers ( director Ron Howard ) not wanting to upset our dear friends in the ‘ Religion of Peace , ’ who might do something ‘ peaceful ’ if the movie had stayed true to the book . ”
This is just part of a prolonged Schlussel shame campaign , often based on the flimsiest of evidence , to belittle Hollywood for not treating Muslims as wild - eyed villains .
In one of her classic posts , she attacked Marvel Comics for giving academic internships to Arab students from the United Arab Emirates , using that as evidence to support her outrageous claim that “ Spider - Man and the Hulk are embracing the new Nazis . ”
She also recently ridiculed the Wall Street Journal for allowing one of its reporters ( “ with a Muslim - sounding first name ” ) to write admiringly about a Muslim author doing a DC comic book .
I do n’t exactly have a direct line to Ron Howard to talk to him about his casting process .
But here ’s my suggestion :
The next time Howard does a Dan Brown thriller , if there ’s a good part for a terrorist , I think he oughta make sure Debbie Schlussel gets first crack at the job .
As Goldstein points out this is n’t the first time that Schlussel has supposedly “ uncovered ” a so called nefarious Muslim plot against the West — it is a trademark of her paranoid writing .
When the Virginia Tech Massacre occurred , the police told the press that the shooter was an “ Asian male ” Schlussel was quick to tie it to Muslims , saying in a racist screed that “ Pakis are considered ‘ Asian , ’ ” and that it could be “ part of a co-ordinated terrorist plot by Pakistanis . ”
Later when it was revealed that the shooter was a student of Korean background and that he authored a play titled Ismail Ax , she continued to attempt to tie the massacre to Muslims , insisting that the Muslim sounding name of Ismail in the play penned by the murderer was enough to conclude that he was a “ secret ” Muslim and that Islam was to blame .
Needless to say this was rejected by the police as it was obvious that the murderer had no ties to Islam or Muslims .
Even more egregious , the ironic fact lost on Schlussel that Muslims died in the massacre .
The case of Debbie Schlussel , a certified trigger happy anti-Muslim highlights the absurdity of the loon blogsphere .
All of them have bigger egos than the other and they are willing to throw one another under the bus if it suits them .
It kind of reminds one of the statement “ There is no honor amongst thieves ” reworked as “ There is no honor amongst Islamophobes . ”
Brazil , China deals challenge US position in Latin America
By Luis Arce
6 June 2009
Brazilian President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva ’s high - profile visit to Beijing last month deserves close examination for the light it sheds on the geo-strategic shifts taking place in the shadow of the deepening capitalist crisis .
The defiant tone of the speeches , the ambitious agenda for long - term collaboration and the breadth and scope of the 13 bilateral agreements signed say a good deal about the enormous vacuum in world affairs left by a weakened United States tied down in two wars and desperately struggling to resolve its own colossal financial and industrial catastrophe .
As the present crisis has unfolded it has become apparent that Washington has simply run out of resources to maintain the tight control it once exercised over Latin America .
The economic agreements signed between China and Brazil and the joint pledge for long - term bilateral collaboration have global significance .
The fastest growing economy in the world , China ranks third in terms of GDP with $ 4.4 trillion , according to the IMF .
China ’s growth is on course to overcome Japan ’s ( second largest GDP in the world with $ 4.9 trillion ) within the next two to three years .
Furthermore , economists estimate that given China ’s growth , it can catch up to the US in the next quarter of a century ( US statistics : $ 14.3 trillion GDP or 25 percent of world GDP , down from nearly 50 percent in the 1950s ) .
Brazil ’s $ 1.6 trillion GDP makes it the world ’s 10th most powerful economy and by far the largest in Latin America .
It is followed by Mexico , with $ 1.1 trillion in GDP , and more distantly by Argentina , with $ 326 billion .
While Brazil was an importer of oil a few decades ago , today foreign capital anxiously competes for a piece of the $ 174 billion investment required to exploit the newly discovered offshore oil fields in the Santos basin off the Brazilian coast — the largest field discovered in the Americas since Mexico 's Cantarell in 1976 .
So powerful has Brazil ’s presence in the energy sector become that its state - owned oil company , Petrobras , aspires to become one of the five largest integrated energy companies in the world .
Brazil is a major exporter of manufactured goods , engineering and technology to Latin America and Africa .
Through Mercosur ( a free - trade agreement between four neighboring countries in Latin America ’s Southern Cone ) Brazil dominates trade with Argentina , Uruguay and Paraguay .
Furthermore , Brazil has strong economic ties with the nationalist regimes of Venezuela and Bolivia , though Lula maintains his distance from the left - nationalist rhetoric employed by presidents Hugo Chávez and Evo Morales .
Economic giants in their own right , China and Brazil now turn to each other to protect their future from the impact of the US recession , as their economies have been largely dependent on exports to America .
In October 2007 China ranked as its second - largest trading partner with $ 318 billion year - to - year two - way trade with the US , and Brazil ranked 11th with $ 41.5 billion .
China replaces US as Brazil ’s largest trade partner
In February 2009 China became the second largest trading partner with Latin America .
But the announcement that in April China displaced the US as Brazil ’s top trading partner is an indication of how quickly its influence in the region is growing at the expense of its American rival .
The value of Brazil ’s two - way trade with China reached $ 3.2 billion in April , surpassing the $ 2.8 billion in trade between Brazil and the US .
A further indication of China ’s relevance to Brazil ’s economic future is indicated by its export figures : exports to the Asian country grew 65 percent from January to April compared with the same period a year ago , according to government officials .
These statistics are an unmistakable indication of the weakening of US political and economic influence in Latin America .
In his visit to China from May 18 to May 20 , Lula was accompanied by 240 Brazilian businessmen as well as top government officials , who , according to the People ’s Daily web site , were “ welcomed by Chinese President Hu Jintao with a 21 - gun military salute at Tiananmen Square , festooned with the national flags of China and Brazil . ”
At the Great Hall of the People , “ Hu and Lula witnessed the signing of 13 bilateral agreements covering oil , equipment , financing , science , space , justice , ports and agricultural products , among others , ” according to the People ’s Daily .
Brazil is trying to increase its exports of high - value manufactured products because it does n’t want to remain merely an exporter of raw materials to China .
“ Some 70 percent of Brazilian exports to China are primary goods such as soy and iron ore , while 60 percent of Brazilian exports to the United States are manufactured products , ” Reuters reported May 15 .
On the other hand , China is compelled to buy manufactured goods if it wants to continue outpacing the US as Brazil ’s top trading partner .
On his return to Brazil , President Lula announced that it was only a matter of time before China purchased up to 45 airplanes made by Embraer , a Brazilian company that has a factory in China , reported the Brazilian daily O Globo on May 25 .
The sale of airplanes , cooperation on bio - fuel engines and sea drilling , and a communiqué on a Chinese - Brazilian satellite joint venture , released during Lula ’s visit to the Chinese Aerospace Technology Agency , underscore the high - tech nature of the relationship between the two countries .
In the not so distant past , these technologies were the exclusive preserve of US capitalism .
To cement their further collaboration , “ the Chinese Development Bank and the Brazilian Development Bank agreed on a framework deal for an $ 800 million credit extension loan .
The Chinese president also proposed closer cultural and people - to - people exchanges , ” the People ’s Daily said .
Lula reciprocated by opening a Brazilian studies center at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences , considered the country ’s top research body .
At the Chinese Academy , Lula told an audience of around 200 officials and scholars , " In 2009 , China became Brazil 's first trading partner .
Now we still face the challenge of exploring the full potential of investments that our economies can offer to each other . "
Lula also addressed more than 200 Brazilian and Chinese entrepreneurs who attended a business forum on how to explore new opportunities for both countries , the People ’s Daily reported .
Of special interest to Brazil is attracting foreign direct investments from cash - rich China .
The Asian giant has nearly $ 2 trillion in reserves and owns $ $ 768 billion in US Treasuries .
With regards to energy , China Petroleum and Chemical Corporation ( Sinopec ) and Brazilian oil corporation , Petrobras , signed agreements that include a $ 10 billion loan for oil exploration , as well as a commitment to ship 100,000 barrels of Brazilian oil per day to China .
The Oil & Gas Financial Journal reported May 5 from Rio de Janeiro that days before his visit to China , on the occasion of inaugurating production of the newly discovered offshore oil fields in the Santos basin , a defiant Lula , speaking to an audience of two thousand , including artists , athletes , oil workers , businessmen , politicians and union leaders , took a swipe at Washington .
“ The great economic lesson of the 21st Century did not come from the failure of some emerging country , ” he said , “ but from the post - graduates of world economy who know everything when a crisis hits Bolivia , Brazil and Russia , but know nothing when the crisis is in their own backyard . "
These words found an echo in Lula ’s visit to China , where the Brazilian president indicated his interest in promoting the Chinese currency , the yuan , as an alternative to the US dollar as well as willingness to work together with Beijing in seeking to increase Chinese - Brazilian influence on multilateral institutions such as the G20 and the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) , which remain under the control of the US and Western Europe .
On May 21 , Bloomberg News reported that Lula and Hu “ discussed the plan to settle trade in local currency during Lula ’s three - day state visit to China this week . ”
China is clearly concerned about potentially huge losses on its $ 2 trillion in reserves in the event of a massive devaluation of the US dollar .
In response to this possibility , over the past six months or so , China has taken several steps to move away from the US dollar and promote its own currency , the yuan , as a possible candidate for world reserve currency .
Jim O’Neill , head of global economic research at Goldman Sachs noted , “ Chinese policy - makers are getting more confident and are thinking about life without the need for the dollar . ”
Earlier this year , China suggested reviving the SDR ( Special Drawing Rights ) as an alternative world reserve currency .
O’Neil explains , “ Every five years the SDR is ‘ updated ’— its weights are changed to reflect economic reality .
Currently the SDR consists of the dollar , yen , pound and euro .
The next five - year re-weighting is due next year .
It is probably a bit soon to include the yuan , but in another five years it is very likely . ”
China has already received support from Russia ’s Vladimir Putin , who has called “ for a greater use of the yuan . ”
In the light of these developments , China is actively seeking Lula ’s endorsement .
China is aware that in order to gain credibility for its currency , it must first allow greater use of the yuan .
To this end , it has already signed $ 95 billion in currency swap agreements with Argentina , Indonesia , South Korea , Hong Kong , Malaysia and Belarus to facilitate trade independent of the US dollar .
Lula : using the dollar is “ absurd ”
“ It 's absurd if two important trading nations such as ours continue to carry out our commerce in the currency of a third nation , ” Lula said in an interview published in the most recent issue of China 's Caijing magazine .
Lula ’s support for the yuan has sparked a controversy in Brazilian financial circles .
At the heart of this controversy are opposing tendencies within the ruling elite ; one representing those who believe Brazil should side with China — and presumably the BRIC ( which stands for Brazil - Russia - India - China ) and other emerging countries — and break - away from the US dollar , and those whose consider that close ties to the US finance capital remain the best option for Brazil .
“ The US has a problem , ” Sergio Gabrielli , Petrobras ’ CEO , said recently when asked about the loan talks .
“ There is n't someone in the US government that we can sit down with and have the kinds of discussions we 're having with the Chinese . ”
“ Gabrielli , ” Oil & Gas reported , “ was referring to the fact that Chinese government banks are willing to extend huge foreign loans to further China 's long - term energy - security goals : ensuring diverse global supplies and winning entree into competitive regions for its oil companies .
A string of recent oil loans to Russia , Kazakhstan and others has pushed China 's total commitments to more than $ 45 billion . ”
Opposing Lula and the Petrobras CEO is Gustavo Franco , former Brazilian central bank president from 1997 to 1999 .
Franco , whose past credentials include having engineered the Real Plan in 1994 ( instrumental in bringing hyperinflation under control to guarantee Brazil ’s participation in the post - USSR world free market ) , called China and Brazil ’s proposal to abandon the US dollar for bilateral trade “ pure idle talk , ” according to Bloomberg News ( May 21 ) .
Franco speaks today as chief economist at Sao Paulo - based Rio Bravo Investimentos , a firm that enjoys close ties with Wall Street financial circles .
“ It is not going to succeed , ” Guilherme da Nobrega , chief economist at Itau Securities , the Sao Paulo - based brokerage arm of Latin America ’s largest bank , said in an interview in New York , according to Bloomberg News .
“ If you let people choose in which currency they want to trade , they want to trade in dollars . ”
“ I am skeptical , ” said Ilan Goldfajn , a former Brazilian central bank director , in an interview in New York .
To explain the difficulties involved , Bloomberg News cited a recent similar attempt by Brazil and Argentina :
“ The two biggest South American economies , agreed in September to trade in local currencies , dropping the dollar .
The move was an attempt to reduce transaction costs by eliminating fees on currency exchange and ‘ until now it has n’t worked , ’ Goldfajn said .
Last month , the two South American nations traded $ 22.6 million in local currency of the more than $ 1.6 billion trade flow , according to figures by the Brazilian central bank and trade ministry . ”
The relationship developing between Brazil and China is by no means purely harmonious .
There is no doubt that Lula was performing another errand for the Brazilian bourgeoisie in his visit to Beijing : that of protecting Brazil ’s trade with and capital investment in its neighboring countries in the face of China ’s aggressive plan to expand its influence in the region .
Meanwhile , Washington , despite its close and complex economic relations with China , can only see the deals struck between Lula and Hu as a further threat to its own weakening position throughout Latin America .
It is inconceivable that it will accept without a struggle being displaced as the hegemonic power in a region it long regarded as its own “ backyard . ”
Tags
On June 28 , 2007 , the Federal Trade Commission issued a formal " administrative complaint " to block the proposed merger between premium grocers Whole Foods Market and Wild Oats Market .
They claim that it would reduce competition in the " premium natural and organic supermarkets " sector , suggesting further that " if the transaction goes forward Whole Foods would have the ability to raise prices and reduce quality and services . " [ 1 ]
The FTC 's request for an injunction was denied in an August decision by a US district court , but the case teaches us some interesting lessons .
Defining a market narrowly enough will always yield market power ; defining a market broadly enough may always yield perfect competition .
Drawing appropriate boundaries can be murky business .
In an essay published in Economic Affairs in 2003 , economists Peter Boettke and Peter Leeson asked , " is the transition to the market too important to be left to the market ? "
In a similar spirit , we might ask " is the definition of the market too important to be left to the market ? "
Markets were not handed down from on high with predetermined , rigid boundaries .
Markets are in constant flux .
There was no such thing as an MP3 - player market a decade ago .
There was no market for operating systems at the time the FTC was established .
Today , the market for horse - drawn carriages and accessories is a fraction of what it was before the invention of the automobile .
This state of constant flux represents the essence of the capitalist economy .
Besides , is " premium natural and organic supermarkets " even the relevant market , given that stores like Wild Oats and Whole Foods must compete with other supermarkets ?
The iPod , the Zune , and other MP3 players compete with one another ( and Apple served about three - quarters of the market in 2006 ) , but there still exists a range of substitutes ( as of this writing , a Colby personal CD player was going for $ 16.68 on pcuniverse.com ) .
In the view of the Federal Trade Commission , the market is untrustworthy and inconsistent .
Never mind that the Census Bureau has n't yet caught up — a quick search of the North American Industry Classification System suggests that there is no formally defined " premium natural and organic supermarkets " sector — it appears that Whole Foods ' attempt to acquire Wild Oats is an attempt to monopolize a market .
But where do we draw the line ?
Anyone is a monopolist if the market is defined narrowly enough .
McDonald 's is a monopoly provider of Big Macs , and Burger King is a monopoly provider of Whoppers .
At a Ludwig von Mises Institute event I attended several years ago , Walter Block offered a sterling example .
Tiger Woods stated that he planned to play in fewer golf tournaments .
Professor Block pointed out that if we carry the logic of antitrust to its conclusion , Woods should be prosecuted as a monopolistic withholder of his services .
To say that these are " monopolies " in the strict sense would be ridiculous ; hence , we have the theory of monopolistic competition .
The grocery market is at least as competitive ; while many retailers are having trouble beating Wal - Mart on price , Wal - Mart is having trouble beating others on selection , service , quality , and convenience .
One of the greatest ironies here is that the FTC is attempting to claim that Whole Foods will have inordinate market power in a retail sector that is intensely competitive and growing rapidly .
The UK's Tesco chain is preparing itself to enter North American markets , and when he was asked whether the US grocery market was already overserved , CEO Terry Leahy suggested " big-box " retailers , where one would expect a lot of one - stop shopping , tend to be perceived as lacking in quality and freshness .
That is where Tesco is stepping in , where Whole Foods and other retailers are already established , where other groceries are moving , and where the " big boxes " are realizing that they have to direct their attention .
Perhaps ironically , one of the chief reasons Leahy cited for moving into the already - crowded US grocery market is that the United States " is a place that rewards innovative retailers . " [ 2 ]
This is certainly the case in competitive markets ; however , the state will often make sure that , for innovative entrepreneurs , no good deed goes unpunished .
Even if we accept the FTC 's narrow definition of the market for " premium natural and organic supermarkets , " the case against the Whole Foods –Wild Oats merger is a nonstarter because the market for " premium natural and organic " products is becoming more competitive by the day .
Wal - Mart and Sam's Club have recently made a move toward high - quality , " natural and organic products . "
Costco was at the forefront of selling organic products on a warehouse scale .
Grocery chains around the country have been quick to adopt " premium natural and organic " products ; indeed , a substantial part of our local Kroger is a veritable store - within - a - store carrying the kinds of goods one would expect to see at Whole Foods or Wild Oats .
Kroger , Schnuck's , Dierberg 's , Wal - Mart , and Costco may not be strictly " premium natural and organic supermarkets , " but they carry a wide selection of premium natural and organic products .
More than this , regulation is costly .
While there are in fact some theoretical cases in which the structure of the market lends itself to monopolization , regulation itself requires that the state extract resources from the taxpaying public .
And while regulation within markets and by markets is called for , state intervention is , if anything , the ultimate example of Pandora 's box : giving the state the power to " do good " necessarily gives it the power to do evil , and as history shows first how states are routinely co-opted for rent - seeking purposes and second how " systematically biased " errors by voters lead to inappropriate government policies , we have little reason to believe that granting regulatory discretion is appropriate . [ 3 ]
Where should we draw the line between one market and another ?
The short answer is that we do not know ; indeed , we can not know .
In this case , the FTC accused Whole Foods Market of attempting to monopolize a market that did n't exist in most places a few years ago .
Moreover , if Whole Foods is ultimately unable to satisfy consumers , its impotence will ultimately be reflected in a less robust bottom line .
The real tragedy here is that Whole Foods and Wild Oats were diverted from their core business to focus on pleasing regulators instead of customers .
The FTC 's actions are distressing because they do not bode well for government treatment of markets in the future .
As Adam Smith so famously wrote , " the division of labour is limited by the extent of the market . "
The extent of the market , however , is best defined by entrepreneurs and consumers , not regulators .
Home >
Software >
Firefox mobile browser hits Alpha 2
.
This image has been flagged for review and is only visible to moderators !
This picture has been deleted and is only visible to administrators !
https://cdn.imagefap.com/images/full/40/196/1963025152.gif?end=1601576632&secure=0b7d6727da7d808fd3b04
You can navigate using your keyboard
Loading ...
The revolution will not be brought to you in 140 characters or less from anonymous sources half - a- world away and repeated as the whole truth by talking heads with an agenda .
It will not star your internet friends or make you vicariously courageous .
And what business is it of ours in any case ?
If you ’re so excited about freedom on its bloody march , then start walking .
But my best honest guess is that the majority of Americans now weighing in on a contested election in a country that a good many of them can’t find on a map do n’t even understand what ’s happening in Iran .
That ’s the problem .
Do n’t look at me .
My knowledge of Iranian politics is not enough to choose sides .
Because Mousavi opposed Ahmadinejad does not mean that he ’s a beacon of hope and freedom .
This is not a revolution to bring down the Iranian system anymore than the candidacy of President Obama was a revolution .
Elections are merely refined power struggles of the elite .
Fitting , then , that a group of people who make a living at such power struggles should weigh in on the matter .
The US House of Representatives – that august body of a good many personages who voted “ yea ” on such bold initiatives in freedom as the USA PATRIOT
Act – is inserting itself into the domestic politics of a foreign nation in the name of the downtrodden yearning to be free .
Bitter irony , anyone ?
( Except Ron Paul , who may be the only sane one of the lot . )
Bloggers are proudly proclaiming their acts of what the US Government would define as cyber - terrorism if it were done to a government website .
You are not a part of the revolution .
Is the situation interesting ?
Yes .
It ’s tense and the stakes are high .
But this is n’t our nation , nor is it the great push for freedom and democracy that we ’re pretending it is .
It seems that we like to believe that we chipped at the Berlin Wall .
We believe that we stood in front of the tanks in Moscow .
Or at least we believe that people do things like that because they want to be like us .
We ’ve got it backwards .
We do n’t have the guts to take to the streets like the Iranians …or even the French .
And we know we do n’t have the guts .
That ’s why we take such vicarious pride in these events .
A socio-economic elite has pilloried the majority of Americans for decades now with barely a whimper .
It has n’t always been that way , and once upon a time “ This Land is Your Land ” was a song about revolution .
But you ’d never know it unless you heard Pete Seeger slip the last two verses in as they were originally written .
( I ’d twitter it , but there are too many characters . )
Now if it was those old - time Wobblies standing vicariously with the people on the streets of Tehran , then it might be worth something .
It ’s not .
Nor would the US have erupted in a similar way if the organs had announced a McCain landslide .
We would have gone to work ; paid our taxes ; and bitched a lot .
We like our stepping out of line with others taking the police beatings .
If anyone in the US might do it it would be the rabid right , but at the teaparties they only dunked bags into cups of water … because they did n’t want to break the law .
And that just about sums up America ’s revolutionary spirit .
Unless , of course , it ’s someone else ’s revolution .
You may not know this yet , but what the rest of the world hates about us is that we have a nasty habit of sticking our noses in everyone ’s business and telling them what to do , what ’s right and what ’s wrong .
And it was not only George W. Bush ; it ’s also the guy who ’s so proud of his cyber warfare conquests .
Wear the green .
Follow the tweets breathlessly .
Cheer on the brave souls willing to get their skull kicked in for something .
But if you want a revolution you ’ll have to get your own .
And you do n’t , so you wo n’t .
Manatee County Court Judge Doug Henderson recently issued an order suppressing all evidence that the police obtained at a sobriety checkpoint in 2008 .
According to an article that appeared at BradentonHerald.com , Judge Henderson ruled that because the Manatee County Sheriff ’s Office did not follow their own written guidelines regarding the operation of DUI checkpoints , any evidence gathered by the police as a result of implementing that particular checkpoint may not be presented in court by the prosecutor ’s office .
Judge Henderson ’s ruling may well result in the Manatee County State Attorney ’s Office having to drop some , if not most , of those DUI cases .
In the case of Campbell v. State of Florida , the Florida Supreme Court decided the issue of whether advance written guidelines are required before the police may conduct a roadblock .
In deciding that such guidelines are indeed required , the Court was particularly troubled by the fact that the police worksheets in that case failed to specify " whether the officers were to stop all motorists , or only one in three or one in five vehicles , or were to use some other selection criteria . "
That failure , along with several others , rendered Mr. Campbell ’s stop by the police unconstitutional pursuant to both the Fourth Amendment to the United States Constitution and Article I , Section 12 of the Florida Constitution .
The Campbell Court concluded with this pertinent observation :
" The requirement of written guidelines is not merely a formality .
Rather , it is the method this court and others have chosen to ensure that the police do not act with unbridled discretion in exercising the power to stop and restrain citizens who have manifested no conduct that would otherwise justify an intrusion on a citizen ’s liberty .
In this country the police are not vested with the general authority to set up " routine " roadblocks at any time or place .
Rather , law enforcement was placed on notice by our holding in [ State of Florida v. ]
Jones that the stopping and detaining of a citizen is a serious matter that requires particularized advance planning and direction and strict compliance thereafter . "
The embattled CEO of eHealth Ontario Sarah Kramer will receive nearly $ 317,000 in compensation after leaving the crown organization .
The decision on Kramer 's departure was mutual , said Steve Erwin , press secretary for Health Minister David Caplan .
Kramer , whose appointment as president and CEO of the agency was revoked Sunday , will receive the equivalent of 10 months ' salary under an agreement reached with eHealth 's board , officials confirmed .
That 's less than what she was entitled to under her contract , which would have included 15 months ' severance , an unspecified bonus and benefits , they said .
Caplan defended the compensation package Sunday as a necessary step to avoid any legal entanglements .
When former Hydro One CEO Eleanor Clitheroe was fired in 2002 amid allegations of lavish spending , she launched a $ 30 - million lawsuit against the province , he pointed out .
" I can understand the difficulty in addressing it , but I think what I 'm focused on is ensuring that we do get the corporation moving , get the momentum back on delivering the eHealth products and the infrastructure that are going to be important to transforming health care , " he said .
Kramer has come under heavy fire from political opposition over the past couple of weeks .
The Star reported yesterday Kramer 's fate was unclear after new revelations concerning her $ 114,000 bonus – which she received five months after starting her job as eHealth boss .
The revelations about the bonus , which comes on top of her $ 380,000 annual salary , were heaped on weeks of controversy over rich consultancy fees at the agency , executive perks and untendered contracts .
In a statement released today , Caplan said he was " acting immediately " on a request from the eHealth board of directors to revoke Kramer 's appointment as president and CEO .
" This decision is an important step to restore public confidence in the agency and its mandate of modernizing our health care system , " Caplan said in the statement .
Until a replacement is found , Ron Sapsford , deputy minister of health , will fill in as president and CEO .
Yesterday , in a letter to Caplan , the board said a change in leadership was needed in order for the organization to move forward .
" Both the board and Ms. Kramer feel that a change in leadership is required to restore public confidence in the organization 's ability to move our important mandate forward , " the letter stated .
But the province 's opposition parties say it 's too little , too late .
Opposition parties have repeatedly called for Caplan and Kramer 's resignations , accusing Kramer and eHealth board chairman Alan Hudson of giving Liberal - friendly firms lucrative contracts without taking competitive bids .
Caplan " fumbled the ball " on eHealth and should be fired , said NDP Leader Andrea Horwath .
" We 're glad she 's gone , " she said .
" It took far too long to see the back of Ms. Kramer . "
But awarding her a generous compensation package just adds insult to injury for taxpayers who 've seen millions of dollars squandered in tough economic times , Howarth added .
" It 's very apparent that she was removed for a reason , and I think that people will be outraged if they see yet another golden handshake , " she said .
Progressive Conservative and former health minister Elizabeth Witmer also renewed her call for Caplan 's resignation , saying Kramer 's departure is n't enough to restore public confidence in the Ministry of Health .
The public is already seething over Kramer 's $ 114,000 bonus , which is more than many even imagine earning in a year , she said .
" There has been misuse and abuse of public money – the minister refused to acknowledge that this was inappropriate , " she said .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" Now that she 's going to receive a severance , they will be further outraged to see their hard - earned dollars going to anybody who has been involved in this type of flagrant abuse of taxpayer money . "
The board recommended late Saturday that Kramer be removed – a decision Caplan said he was not involved in .
" Both the board and Ms. Kramer feel that a change in leadership is required to restore public confidence in the organization 's ability to move our important mandate forward , " Hudson said in a letter to Caplan .
" Therefore , Ms. Kramer has decided to leave the organization . "
Deputy Health Minister Ron Sapsford will be the temporary CEO of eHealth , which was set up last fall .
EHealth was established after the first provincial agency tasked with creating electronic health records , Smart Systems for Health , spent about $ 650 million but failed to produce anything of value before it was quietly shut down .
Ontario's auditor general is looking into eHealth and is expected to report back to the government on his findings as early as the fall .
The eHealth scandal has dominated the last couple weeks of debate in the Legislature .
The provincial auditor general and PricewaterhouseCoopers are reviewing the agency .
Last week the Star reported :
- eHealth Ontario paid a consultant who submitted an invoice for eight hours of work in which she said she consulted herself , then followed up with questions for herself .
Agency spokeswoman Deanna Allen said the bill contained a typo and that the consultant had consulted and followed up with a colleague , but acknowledged the invoice had been paid as filed .
- At least $ 2 million in untendered contracts were awarded by eHealth to long - time associates of agency chair Dr. Alan Hudson and CEO Kramer , according to Progressive Conservative MPPs .
Allen said the eHealth board , not Hudson , awarded contracts before Kramer 's arrival .
- An eHealth consultant billed for tea and a dessert square while earning $ 2,700 a day .
- Another consultant being paid $ 2,750 a day collected $ 75 a day for expenses .
He has flown home to Edmonton 31 times in five months at a cost of nearly $ 21,000 .
The top spot on this week 's Billboard album chart belongs to Chrisette Michele .
Never heard of her ?
Neither have many other people because Michele has scored the lowest first - week sales total in Nielsen SoundScan 's 18 - year history .
Her second album , Epiphany , only sold 83,000 copies in its initial week of sales .
Only two other albums have debuted at No. 1 with less than 100,000 copies sold : the Notorious B.I.G.'s # 1s ( 99,000 copies in November 2005 ) and the previous lowest first - week sales record holder Johnny Cash 's American V : A Hundred Highways ( 88,000 July 2006 ) .
Michele does n't hold the record for lowest single - week sales by a No. 1 album , plenty of other artists have ascended to the top of the chart , after floating around at lower positions , with less than 83,000 copies sold in one week , including Taylor Swift on one of her many appearances at No. 1 with her latest album Fearless .
It seemed as if album sales were improving slightly as they were only down 9 % in April year over year , compared to 17.9 % and 11.5 % in February and March .
But Michele 's first - week total is a disappointing start to May for the music industry .
Will Green Day 's piracy - afflicted 21st Century Breakdown be able to help the industry rebound ?
How the Health Care Industry Promises to Save You Money
Remember that coalition of health industry stakeholders who came together to promise President Barack Obama $ 2 trillion in voluntarily achieved savings over 10 years ?
They 've released their specifics ( pdf ) .
It 's a bit hard to say what the numbers would add up to if scored by an independent analyst , but the overall effect was to make me much , much less sympathetic to the health industry .
The insurance industry , for instance , is promising to address the fact that " there is currently a lack of uniformity for providers who face administrative challenges created by having business contracts with multiple health insurance plans , each with different telephone numbers , codes , fax numbers , and varying forms and administrative processes . "
Why this was n't dealt with 10 years ago is hard to say .
The American Hospital Association wants to " promote adoption of the World Health Organization ( WHO ) Surgical Safety Checklist . "
This is literally a checklist in which , for instance , the surgeon , anesthesiologist , and nurse verbally confirm the name of the patient and the location of the surgery .
Simple as it sounds , it 's been proven to save lives .
Lots of them .
And yet it 's not in wide use .
Advamed , which represents the medical device industry , will " organize our industry sectors to assure full input of our scientific and medical knowledge and expertise in measurement development for device - intensive procedures . "
And how , pray tell , are your industry sectors organized now ?
Importantly , I 'm not down on this initiative .
Some of these measures might really save money .
Almost all of them would make the health system sleeker , more effective , and more user - friendly .
Implement these ideas !
Do it now !
But the fact that there is this much low - hanging fruit is troubling .
But in the aggregate , the document paints the picture of an almost comically ineffective sector .
This is n't just a blueprint for reform .
It 's an argument for reform .
And above that , it 's an argument for why reform should not be overly constrained by the preferences of the stakeholders .
Look at the system they 've built .
Look at the inefficiencies they 've permitted .
They do n't deserve a guiding role .
Well , = bokuman has done it again .
Another lovely work , this time of Chun - Li .
I asked him to change the costume to a bikini that she wore in the Chun - Li by Bokuman WIP piece , and I think it was a good decision , do n't you ?
This is my third commissioned piece from Bokuman .
Make sure you check out the other ones as well : Blue Mary by Bokuman and Akiko Daimon by Bokuman .
As usual , this pic is also available for comments and faves in Bokuman 's gallery as Commission Elee0228-004 Related Links :
Last year , Merrill Lynch agreed to take $ 10 billion in TARP funds and suffered losses of $ 27 billion last year .
It promptly paid $ 3.6 billion in bonuses , blowing an even larger hole in its balance sheet .
Bank of America eventually received $ 20 billion in additional TARP funds to assist in its acquistion of Merrill .
This is old news , but it's also a stunning reminder of how a program that was ostensibly designed to steady the financial system was used to pump up the bank accounts of Wall Street executives .
This level of compensation , approved at the urging of then - CEO John Thain , was simply looting .
It represents a diversion of public money into private pockets without any justification .
If Merrill Lynch would have fallen apart without paying its employees one - third of its TARP funds — far higher than any other bank in the report — it should have been permitted to die .
It had already been acquired by Bank of America , and it ’s fading from the scene would have posed no systemic risk .
To put it differently , that $ 3.6 billion did not remain with the firm as capital .
It was a number that Merrill Lynch did not need to meet regulatory capital requirement or to pay creditors or counter - parties .
It was just a wealth - transfer - - straight from taxpayers to the Americans who needed it the least .
Hey !
Thanks for visiting !
This site is about how you can learn Japanese without taking classes , by having fun and doing things you enjoy — watching movies , playing video games , reading comic books — you know : fun stuff !
Stuff that you feel guilty about doing because you should be doing “ serious things ” .
I am your host , Khatzumoto .
My zits have been photoshopped out of that picture .
I learned Japanese in 18 months by having fun .
In June 2004 , at the ripe old age of 21 , all post - pubescent and supposedly past my mental / linguistic prime , I started learning Japanese .
By September 2005 , I had learned enough to read technical material , conduct business correspondence and job interviews in Japanese .
By the next month , I landed a job as a software engineer at a gigantic Japanese corporation in Tokyo ( yay ! ) .
I did n’t take classes ( except for a high - level “ newspaper reading ” class … which merely confirmed that classes , um , suck ) ; I did n’t read textbooks and I had never lived in Japan .
So how did I do it ?
Well , by spending 18 - 24 hours a day doing something , anything in Japanese ( “ all Japanese , all the time ” ) .
That sounds like a lot of time to invest , but I was almost as busy as you are : a full - time student majoring in computer science at a university in the armpit of the US ( Utah ) , physically far from Japan and Japanese people .
I had computer science coursework , jobs and even a non-Japanese “ significant other ” .
In other words , I had a life .
So what ?
Well , my point is not that I ’m better than you or smarter than you .
I am not .
I am not special — in fact , I have an embarrassing history of making incredibly dumb mistakes that other people just never make .
But I achieved some good results and there were reasons for that , namely :
1 . The belief that I could become fluent in Japanese
2. Constantly doing fun stuff in Japanese
A lot of people have since asked me questions like “ hey Khatzumoto , how did you do it ? ” , and lots of Japanese people ask me “ hey Khatzumoto , how many years have you lived in Japan ? ” .
The answer to the first question is this website .
The answer to the second question is 4 months ( as of October 2006 ) .
So this site exists for 2 reasons :
1 . To tell you how I learned Japanese by having fun , so that you can do it , too .
2 . To give you some new cool tools that I did not have , and that would have made things much faster and easier for me .
Now , not everything works for everyone .
But I believe that a lot of what you will find on this site will work for you .
I am not telling you that I am going to teach you Japanese .
I wo n’t .
No one will .
No one can .
I am telling you that if you start giving your life to Japanese every - single - day - 24/7/365 , then you will not just learn Japanese , you will become Japanese .
And I am telling you that the way to do that is to do fun things and only fun things : boring classes , boring textbooks and whiny classmates are out !
Despite what you may have been raised to believe , boredom is not the same as learning ; it ’s the opposite ; it is by enjoying ourselves that we truly learn .
So , if you ’re wanting to learn Japanese but do n’t know where to start , or if you already know some but want to take it further , and if you want to not just get by in Japanese but to own it , than this site is here for you , to share with you the tools and information that you can use to learn Japanese to native - level fluency .
OK , let ’s get into it !
On a typical Thursday night in downtown L.A. , a $ 2 taco from the Kogi Roja truck will also cost you 45 minutes of your life .
As the 50 - person line snakes through the courtyard of the Japanese American National Museum , a DJ spins a mix of reggae , hip - hop and ‘ 80s hits .
Tourists pose for pictures in front of the Kogi logo while Twitter - addicted truck junkies , grooving to the beat , patiently wait .
Some people show up too late to get a taco at all .
Only one block away , it ’s an entirely different story .
The Calbi BBQ truck , a blatant Kogi imitator , dishes out its own version of fusion tacos : Korean - style barbecued meat heaped into mini corn tortillas .
There are no lines , no crowds .
Calbi is just a food truck ; Kogi is a scene .
Striving for that seemingly effortless aura of cool , but always seeming to fall just short , Calbi is Skippy to Kogi ’s Alex P. Keaton .
And Calbi is not alone .
Choices , choices
In the aftermath of Kogi-mania , there has been a profusion of truck - borne food .
The question is whether any of these other nouveau food trucks can capture that Kogi magic .
Today you can find food trucks offering hot dogs made from grass - fed organic beef ( Let ’s Be Frank ) ; eco-friendly hamburgers , falafel and fish tacos ( Green Truck on the Go ) ; architecturally inspired ice cream sandwiches ( Coolhaus ) ; tonkatsu burgers on rice patties ( Marked 5 ) ; sushi rolls ( Fishlips Sushi ) ; vegan sausages ( the Franken Stand ) ; all manner of “ fusion ” tacos ( Kogi BBQ , Calbi BBQ , Bool BBQ , Don Chow Tacos ) ; and coming soon , Vietnamese - style banh mi sandwiches ( Nom Nom Truck ) .
Border Grill has its own taco truck , and even corporate behemoths like Taco Bell and Baja Fresh Mexican Grill are trying to cash in on the trend ( the latter with “ Baja Kogi ” tacos ) .
In cities across America , new trucks , selling everything from clam chowder to cupcakes , seem to roll out every week .
The comparatively low cost of launching a truck as opposed to a restaurant has fueled the trend .
John Bowler , owner and pit master of Barbie ’s Q , as well as an experienced restaurateur and former mayor of Hermosa Beach , estimates that it cost him about $ 40,000 to start his pan-regional barbecue truck instead of the $ 200,000 he would have needed to open a restaurant .
The biggest chunk of that was his truck , which comes with the standard - issue griddle , steam line , warming oven , refrigeration unit and deep fryer .
New , a standard street food truck typically costs $ 100,000 to $ 140,000 , and it can be customized to just about any specs .
Rather than buying trucks , most vendors lease , and many of them , including Bowler , lease from Road Stoves , a downtown L.A. truck yard and commissary that also rents to Kogi BBQ , Green Truck on the Go , Marked 5 and several others .
While Kogi seems to turn a tidy profit vending on the street , many other trucks have to rely on catering and private events to pay the bills .
“ We ’re getting a lot of companies that want us to come in and serve lunch once a week or once a month , which is where we ’ll probably end up .
And then all of this , ” says Bowler , gesturing to Abbot Kinney Boulevard , where he ’s parked on a typical Thursday night , “ will be gravy . ”
He estimates that 40 % of his business already comes from private catered events , and he expects that figure to rise .
There has n’t been a food trend this hyped since Pinkberry and its imitators began mushrooming in vacant strip mall storefronts .
The unglamorous coda to the fro-yo boom of 2007 is that a sour economy and a saturated market have forced several local shops to close , while Pinkberry and Red Mango rein in expansion plans .
And with so many nouveau food trucks targeting the same diners at many of the same events and locations -- art walks , festivals , concerts and bars -- there ’s bound to be attrition .
On the other hand , despite being hyped to the heavens , these decidedly experimental -- and often expensive -- nouveau food trucks may be more than just an emblem of culinary fusion or a clever use of social networking technologies .
They may actually herald a significant change in the mobility patterns of young , middle - class urbanites known as “ millennials . ”
“ I think the vending phenomenon is the product of a whole new lifestyle , ” says James Rojas , founder and co-chairman of the Latino Urban Forum and a transportation planner for L.A. County ’s MTA .
“ Traditionally , taco trucks were very working class -- janitors , secretaries , people on public transit -- but now they ’ve been adopted by the middle class as a legitimate way to buy and sell food , ” Rojas says .
“ I think people under 30 want to bike and walk and take transit .
These are n’t Latinos that have to take transit .
These are privileged , middle - class kids .
So taco trucks are targeting this group . ”
Taco truck territory
Many Los Angeles neighborhoods have a well - established street food tradition with roving vendors who sell corn , tamales , paletas , gelados and champurrado .
The thing they lack is any eliteness , the sense of being among an inner-circle of foodies , which the use of Twitter breeds .
“ Traditional taco trucks park in the same spot , and you can count on them to be there , ” says local food blogger Hiu Chung So of L.A. and O.C. Foodventures .
" [ These new trucks ] have this exclusivity because you have to be in the know . ”
The cachet of eating at a hot new food truck may have as much appeal as the food itself .
Traditional and nouveau food trucks may target different demographics , but the cultural crossover goes both ways .
Guadalupe Ariza , who owns and runs the Tacos Arizas truck with her husband , Brigido , says that during the four years they ’ve been vending in Echo Park , business has changed .
“ When I started , my clientele was mainly Latino , ” Ariza says .
“ Now it ’s all kinds of people : East Indians , Asians , white people .
I ’ve also been seeing Americans , who never used to order lengua , tripa and cabeza , ordering these meats more often . ”
elina.shatkin@latimes.com
Boston College researchers report developing a device that can bend light along complex pathways .
An illustration shows a simulated electromagnetic wave propagation .
Guided by a set of instructions delivered by the device , the wave curves around the profile of the eastern US while behaving as if traveling in a straight line .
Credit : Optics Express
Using a composite metamaterial to deliver a complex set of instructions to a beam of light , Boston College physicists have created a device to guide electromagnetic waves around objects such as the corner of a building or the profile of the eastern seaboard .
As directed by the researchers ' novel device , these beams continue to behave as if traveling in a straight line .
In one computer simulation , Assistant Professor of Physics Willie J. Padilla and researcher Nathan Landy revealed the device could steer a beam of light along the boundary of the US , stretching from Michigan to Maine , down the seaboard , around Florida and into the Louisiana bayou , according to research published in the research journal Optics Express .
The researchers accomplished their feat by developing a much more precise set of instructions , which create a grid - like roadmap capable of twisting and turning a beam of light around objects or space .
Their discovery is an extension of earlier metamaterial " cloaking " techniques , which have conjured up images of the Harry Potter character disappearing beneath his invisibility cloak .
Padilla and Landy report developing a space - mapping technique that delivers greater precision and efficiency guiding light along pathways that previously were too complex to sustain - from 90 - degree angles to the rugged coastal profile of Maine .
Furthermore , they 've built this new device using relatively common dielectric materials , such as silicon .
" Our method combines the novel effects of transformational optics with the practicality of dielectric construction , " Padilla and Landy report .
" We show that our structures are capable of guiding light in an almost arbitrary fashion over an unprecedented range of frequencies . "
The discovery builds upon a decade - long revolution in electromagnetics brought about by the emergence of metamaterials .
Constructed from artificial composites , metamaterials have exhibited effects such as directing light at a negative index of refraction .
Researchers have combined metamaterials with artificial optical devices - also known as transformational optics - to demonstrate the " invisibility cloak " effect , essentially directing light around a space and effectively masking its existence .
In addition , other researchers have used a method known as quasi - conformal mapping and very complex metamaterials to issue a somewhat imprecise set of instructions that create another space - cloaking effect .
Source : Boston College ( news : web )
Explore further Team develops new metamaterial device
Sunlight is one source of vitamin D Scientists have produced more evidence that vitamin D has an important role in keeping the brain in good working order in later life .
A study of over 3,000 European men aged 40 - 79 found those with high vitamin D levels performed better on memory and information processing tests .
The University of Manchester team believe vitamin D may protect cells or key signalling pathways in the brain .
The study features in the Journal of Neurology Neurosurgery and Psychiatry .
This underscores the importance of vitamin D for humans and why evolution gave us a liking for the sun
Professor Tim Spector
Kings College London
It follows research published in January which suggested that high levels of vitamin D can help stave off the mental decline that can affect people in old age .
The latest study focused on men from eight cities across Europe .
Their mental agility was assessed using a range of tests , and samples were taken to measure levels of vitamin D in their blood .
Men with high vitamin D levels performed best , with those who had the lowest levels - 35 nmol / litre or under - registering poor scores .
The researchers said the reason why vitamin D - found in fish and produced by sun exposure - seemed to aid mental performance was unclear .
Hormone link
They suggested it might trigger an increase in protective hormonal activity in the brain .
However , the only data to back this up so far comes from animal studies .
There is also some evidence that vitamin D can dampen down an over - active immune system .
Alternatively , it may boost levels of antioxidants that in effect detoxify the brain .
The researchers stressed that many people , particularly in older age , were vitamin D deficient .
Therefore , if it were possible to stave off the effects on ageing on the brain with vitamin D supplements the implications for the health of the population could be significant .
Professor Tim Spector , of King 's College London , has carried out research into the effect of vitamin D on ageing .
He said : " This is further evidence from observational studies that vitamin D is likely to be beneficial to reduce many age - related diseases .
" Taken together with similar data that shows its importance in reducing arthritis , osteoporotic fractures , as well as heart disease and some cancers , this underscores the importance of vitamin D for humans and why evolution gave us a liking for the sun .
" We also know that our genes also determine our vitamin D levels which explains why individuals can vary so much .
" We now need to study the best way to give using vitamin D properly in prevention . "
Dr Iain Lang , of the Peninsula Medical School in Exeter , carried out the earlier research .
He agreed there was mounting evidence suggesting vitamin D was good for the brain , but warned that it was possible that poor mental performance could be down to an inadequate diet , of which vitamin D deficiency might be just one manifestation .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Posted on 08 July 2009 by Quaid
If there is one thing history has shown us , it ’s that movies based on gimmicky Saturday Night Live sketches always rock !
Wait …nevermind .
In a move that seems to show a serious lack of judgement , Paramount and Relativity Media have fast - tracked a movie based on MacGruber , an SNL skit parodying MacGyver .
In the skit , Will Forte played MacGyver ’s son who always finds himself in some dangerous , MacGyver - like situation .
Being very involved in personal matters , though , MacGruber always neglects to solve any problems , usually letting a huge bomb go off at the end of the skit .
Get it ?
IT ’S FUNNY !
The new movie will star Ryan Phillippe and Val Kilmer and will see MacGruber ( Forte will reprise the role he birthed ) , in retirement as a monk , being pulled back to the states for “ one last job . ”
It ’s basically the premise of Ace Ventura : When Nature Calls .
This movie does have a small shot at being funny , but the original SNL source material is n’t .
It ’s one - note , obvious , and dumb .
To make matters more complicated , New Line is currently developing an actual , honest - to - God MacGyver movie .
Will it be a race to cinemas to see which “ Mac ” can win the hearts and minds of the audience ?
Only time will tell .
The perplexing public - service announcements began turning up two weeks ago , splashed across bus -stop advertisements in America ’s 15 biggest cities , including Los Angeles .
“ Bus bench for humans only , ” the ads ’ banner copy proclaims , accompanied by a rough rendering of an outer space alien that has been crossed out , “ Ghostbusters ” style , with a strike - through circle .
“ Beware !
Non-human secretions may corrode metal ! ”
If you happen to be among the tens of thousands of inquiring minds who have called the posted telephone number ( listed beneath the ominous - sounding imperative : “ Report non-humans ” ) or punched its URL -- D - 9.com -- into an Internet browser , you may already know the ads ’ true purpose .
They are part of a viral marketing campaign for Sony Pictures ’ documentary - style sci- fi thriller “ District 9 , ” which arrives in theaters in August .
“ We wanted to do something provocative and that would create a stir , ” said Marc Weinstock , Sony ’s co-president of worldwide theatrical marketing .
“ But we had no idea to what extent we ’d connect . ”
Sony ’s president of digital marketing , Dwight Caines , said : “ In two weeks , there have been 33,000 phone calls .
Two thousand five hundred people left voice messages about alien sightings .
And 92 % of those calls come from cellphones , indicating that people are opting in , on the spot , in the streets . ”
Advertisement
By their very nature , viral movie marketing campaigns rely upon a temporary suspension of disbelief .
After initial confusion wears off , as the operating principal goes , people will agree to play along with what is essentially a massively scaled practical joke -- and by extension , tell a friend about it and go see the movie -- predicated on the understanding that there will be a big “ reveal ” to make it all worthwhile .
Ever since the viral marketing impact of 1999 ’s “ The Blair Witch Project , ” which had movie fans wondering whether the low - budget indie horror flick was actually a documentary gone horribly wrong , virals have been the stuff of fanboy dreams and movie marketer reverie in terms of low - cost , high - yield buzz .
“ District 9 ’s ” stealth campaign , however , has already accomplished what a wildly diverse array of virals unleashed on an unsuspecting public this year could not -- stand out from the pack .
The beachhead for its high - minded , meta - narrative promo push is the movie ’s website , listed on bus benches , bus shelters and billboards .
D - 9.com not only streams the movie ’s trailer ( which has been viewed 21 million times since May 1 , another indicator of robust viewer interest ) but also serves as a primer to the self - contained world of “ District 9 , ” detailing security guidelines for humans and “ non-humans . ”
Advertisement
“ The concept for this movie is unique , and we wanted to do that justice , ” said Caines .
“ In a world where aliens existed , what ’s the first thing a government would need to do to manage their existence on this planet ?
You see regulations and restrictions , curfews , news of where you can and ca n’t go . ”
Playing out both on - and off - line as well as across the social networking platforms Facebook ( on which the group has 2,100 followers ) and Twitter , the campaign has caused a stir among movie bloggers .
“ The billboards , benches and websites are a great way to advertise movies , because it gets people talking , ” explained Nick Butler , editor in chief of MovieViral.com , which has been following the film ’s promotions for nearly a year .
“ What we see with ‘ District 9 ' is a combination of real - life experiences mixed in with game experiences that involve websites and Twitter .
It is a very successful viral campaign . ”
To hear marketers explain it , everything is organic to the movie ’s plot .
Filmed in a quasi - documentary style , “ District 9 , ” the $ 30 - million special - effects - heavy film from newcomer Neill Blomkamp , follows the social and geo-political repercussions of aliens crash - landing in Johannesburg .
There , they are governmentally sequestered in an apartheid - style homeland , treated like refugees and forced to work for humans .
Advertisement
“ District 9 " producer Peter Jackson took pains to elucidate the differences between the movie and another mock - documentary sci- fi thriller popularized by a much - blogged - about viral campaign .
“ It ’s a unique take on the science - fiction genre , ” he said .
“ It has dramatized sequences and uses home movie clips .
But it ’s not like ‘ Cloverfield . ’
It does n’t remind you of anyone else ’s movie . ”
Nor does its publicity .
The movie ’s off - line promotions employ signage that deliberately echoes “ Whites only ” placards once seen in the South as well as cultural touchstones from “ District 9 " Blomkamp ’s upbringing in apartheid - era South Africa .
“ Warning : Restricted area for humans only , ” reads an ad painted on a New York City wall .
Still , for whatever buzz the campaign has generated , some film fetishists point out the marketing has n’t been without certain hiccups .
Chief beef :
Over the course of its 10 - month existence , “ D9 ’s ” viral has gone dormant for long periods , disheartening self - professed fanboys keeping tabs on the movie ’s roll - out .
“ This viral started in August ’ 08 , then came an almost nine - month period of no updates , ” said movieviral .com ’s Butler .
“ People who follow viral campaigns like I do like to be constantly trying to find something .
There always has to be a challenge . ”
As well , members of moviedom ’s blognoscenti caution that unless marketers continue to innovate ever - flashier , more user - engrossing campaigns , virals run the risk of becoming as stagnant as traditional promotional methods .
Advertisement
“ The strength of viral marketing is that it engages the younger viewers who are sick of traditional advertising , ” said Sean Dwyer , editor of FilmJunk.com .
“ But as soon as viral marketing becomes old hat , the advertisers will be right back where they started . ”
--
chris.lee@latimes.com
How do white blood cells – immune system ‘ soldiers ’ – get to the site of infection or injury ?
To do so , they must crawl swiftly along the lining of the blood vessel – gripping it tightly to avoid being swept away in the blood flow – all the while searching for temporary ‘ road signs ’ made of special adhesion molecules that let them know where to cross the blood vessel barrier so they can get to the damaged tissue .
In research recently published in the journal Immunity , Prof. Ronen Alon and his research student Ziv Shulman of the Weizmann Institute ’s Immunology Department show how white blood cells advance along the length of the endothelial cells lining the blood vessels .
Current opinion maintains that immune cells advance like inchworms , but Alon ’s new findings show that the rapid movement of the white blood cells is more like that of millipedes .
Rather than sticking front and back , folding and extending to push itself forward , the cell creates numerous tiny ‘ legs ’ no more than a micron in length – adhesion points , rich in adhesion molecules ( named LFA - 1 ) that bind to partner adhesion molecules present on the surface of the blood vessels .
Tens of these legs attach and detach in sequence within seconds – allowing them to move rapidly while keeping a good grip on the vessels ’ sides .
Next , the scientists turned to the Institute ’s Electron Microscopy Unit .
Images produced by scanning and transmission electron microscopes , taken by Drs. Eugenia Klein and Vera Shinder , showed that upon attaching to the blood vessel wall , the white blood cell legs ‘ dig ’ themselves into the endothelium , pressing down on its surface .
The fact that these legs – which had been thought to appear only when the cells leave the blood vessels – are used in crawling the vessel lining suggests that they may serve as probes to sense exit signals .
The researchers found that the shear force created by the blood flow was necessary for the legs to embed themselves .
Without the thrust of the rushing blood , the white blood cells could n’t sense the exit signals or get to the site of the injury .
These results explain
Alon ’s previous findings that the blood ’s shear force is essential for the white blood cells to exit the blood vessel wall .
The present study suggests that shear forces cause their adhesion molecules to enter highly active states .
The scientists believe that the tiny legs are trifunctional : Used for gripping , moving and sensing distress signals from the damaged tissue .
In future studies , the scientists plan to check whether it is possible to regulate aggressive immune reactions ( such as in autoimmune diseases ) by interrupting the ‘ digging ’ of immune cell legs into the endothelium .
They also plan to investigate whether cancerous blood cells metastasize through the blood stream using similar mechanisms in order to exit the blood vessels and enter different tissues .
Prof. Ronen Alon ’s research is supported by the De Benedetti Foundation - Cherasco 1547 .
Prof .
Alon is the incumbent of the Linda Jacobs Chair in Immune and Stem Cell Research .
I ’m not sure anybody — Apple , AT&T , even Google — expected this much outcry over the rejection and removal of Google Voice apps from the App Store .
But it 's gotten plenty of attention nonetheless — for some it ’s becoming the straw that broke the camel ’s back .
And the effects may continue to ripple even further still .
Steven Frank , co-founder of respected Mac software developer Panic , has said on his blog that he ’s planning on ditching the iPhone for a Palm Pre for his own personal use .
Tech pundit and blowhard Michael Arrington has likewise decided to give up his iPhone , also pointing to the Google Voice issue .
Not everybody agrees : tech analysts Michael Gartenberg and Ross Rubin seem to think this is a geek issue that does n’t touch the mainstream .
And they ’re right : it ’s probably not something that ’s going to hurt Apple ’s iPhone sales — especially for those vast majority of consumers who 've never heard of Google Voice .
But while the blocking of Google Voice may not directly affect the mainstream , there ’s still fallout for the average consumer .
From a purely bottom line standpoint it may influence what those early adopters are recommending to their friends and family .
It may affect what those geeks and nerds are buying the next time they think about upgrading their mobile devices .
Again , though , that financial impact is likely a mere drop in the bucket .
But there ’s something far bigger at stake here : this is about stifling innovation .
That is bad for the consumer : maybe not in the short run , but certainly in the long run when the iPhone becomes nothing more than a platform for chintzy 99 - cent applications that make stupid sound effects .
What 's more , it ’s surprising coming from Apple , which is why writers like me just wo n't shut up about the App Store woes .
After all , has n’t Apple always been all about innovation ?
And yet the App Store has become another example where short - sighted focus undercuts long - term benefit , where the emphasis on making money interferes with the ability for people to make cool things which , if Apple ’s oft - repeated boilerplate on creating extraordinary products to delight its customers is to be believed , is the company ’s raison d’être .
Instead , we 're treated to constant bragging about how many apps are available on the store , and how many downloads there have been : as though Apple customers have ever been focused on quantity over quality .
Look , maybe Google Voice would n’t be of interest to the average Joe .
The point is , without a chance to use it on your handset , how would you know ?
It was n’t so long ago that many people thought Twitter was a time - waster that had no appeal beyond tech geeks — and while I ’m not disputing its time - wasting potential , let me give you one word : Oprah .
Oprah , people .
And even if Google Voice is n’t the Next Big Thing , what about the product after that ?
And the one after that ?
What about the next misfit , rebel , troublemaker , round - peg - in - a - square - hole ?
What are they going to do ?
Sure , there are those who say “ What 're they going to do , develop for Android or the Pre ?
* chuckle , chuckle , guffaw * . ”
Those people are missing the point : the real danger is not that the people with the brilliant ideas are going to go develop them for some “ lesser ” platform .
No , the real danger is that they are n’t going to develop those ideas at all .
And when the established developers are telling burgeoning programmers that the App Store is a bag of hurt , well , it ’s not exactly a ringing endorsement to invest your time and money , is it ?
Some say the only way you can influence a corporation is by putting your money where your mouth is .
I think that while that ’s an effective way of being heard , it ’s not the only way .
Sometimes you just have to keep drumming the point home , as often and as loudly as possible until the people in charge get the message .
Apple , get the message : the App Store malarkey , it ’s not about losing money , it ’s about losing what makes you you .
That particular quality that makes you a company that people defend to the bone , that they stick with even when times are tough , that they invest in because it resonates with some intangible chord in them .
There are those who will say that ’s all marketing hype , but I think it ’s more than that , because it ’s something Microsoft has never had and has never understood , no matter how much it ’s spent on marketing .
It 's something about the way , to date , Apple has done business — like it 's not just about “ business . ”
Two years ago I wrote that in a world where Apple had neutralized all of its historical enemies , the only thing for it to fear was itself — and that ’s one piece of prognostication where I would be happy to be proved wrong .
Fix this , Apple .
From the top down .
And soon .
Before you lose whatever it was that made you think different and become just like everybody else .
( Image : Imagebank )
Lifting the lid on the science of persuasion
Cajole your boss into giving you a raise , win someone round to your point of view , or persuade your partner it ’s their turn to put out the trash – getting people to do what you want can be very handy .
Persuasion is a key element of all human interaction , from politics to marketing to everyday dealings with friends , family and colleagues .
“ Persuasion is a basic form of social interaction , ” says Eric Knowles , emeritus professor of psychology at the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville .
“ It is the way we build consensus and a common purpose . ”
Unfortunately persuasion is both notoriously difficult to pull off and almost impossible to resist when done well .
Psychologists have long been fascinated by persuasion – why some people are more persuasive than others and why some strategies work where others fail .
Over the next six pages we bring together some recent insights into the science of persuasion .
For those who do n’t want to be persuaded , there are lessons here too .
Knowing the strategies charmers and advertisers adopt can help you resist their guile .
1 Be a mimic
WHEN you ’re aware of it , it ’s one of the most infuriating behaviours imaginable .
Yet mimic someone ’s mannerisms subtly – their head and hand movements , posture and so forth – and it can be one of the most powerful forms of persuasion .
That ’s the conclusion of a number of recent studies .
William Maddux at the INSEAD business school in Fontainebleau , France , explored the effect of mimicry on 166 students in two role - play experiments , one involving negotiation between job candidates and recruiters , the second between …
Twitter is rapidly becoming part of the UK political landscape , with MPs , ministers and even Downing Street keeping in touch with the increasingly savvy electorate through 140 characters or less .
Even more impressively , it seems to have emerged from the preserve of geeks into the very centre of political communication in a little over six months .
Tweetminster ’s Alberto Nardelli charts the rapid rise in 10 key milestones .
Click the image to the right to launch the guide
Internet service providers in Spain have now ended all government mandated talks with the music and movie industry after earlier refusing to disconnect alleged pirates .
The talks were supposed to reduce online piracy but the ISPs say this is impossible if legal alternatives are n't provided .
The president of Redtel , the ISP association consisting of Telefonica , Vodafone , Orange and Ono , has confirmed what some have been fearing since talks with the entertainment industry were suspended back in April .
Miguel Canalejo said that negotiations with the Coalition of Creators to find some mutually acceptable ground for government legislation on illicit file - sharing , are finished .
The coalition , headed by SGAE and Promusicae , took the now - common stance of demanding that ISPs implement a “ 3 strikes ” strategy for alleged online pirates , but this was rightly dismissed by the ISPs .
The rights holders then came back with a new demand to throttle alleged file - sharers instead .
The ISPs refused this request too .
According to Canalejo , the other major reason why negotiations broke down was the failure of the content providers to provide an attractive legal alternative to illicit file - sharing .
“ Piracy is not a phenomenon that must be pursued and demonized , ” he said , while branding the currently provided legal alternatives as “ derisory ” .
To reduce piracy , the ISPs made the suggestion to the Ministry of Industry that it should create a portal to offer music , movies and games .
“ Content providers should have a more entrepreneurial approach .
They are defending a traditional distribution model and we ’re creating a new business , ” said Canalejo .
Noting that any changes should come through awareness and education , Canalejo said that negotiations with rights holder could only resume when the government becomes open about its plans for measures against file - sharing , adding that any measures must “ protect Internet users and give legal certainty to ISPs . ”
Plans to hold a referendum on changes to the voting system on the day of the next general election are being considered in Downing Street as part of a ploy to expose David Cameron as a roadblock to sweeping constitutional reform .
The idea , backed by senior ministers , has come to light amid growing recriminations within the Labour party over poor campaign strategy and a lack of fresh ideas for attacking Cameron , following Labour 's thumping loss in Thursday 's Norwich North byelection .
Last night , after the Conservatives overturned a 5,000 Labour majority to win the Norwich seat by 7,348 votes , Labour MPs gave warning that , unless the party did more than peddle scare stories about possible Tory spending cuts , it faced a wipeout at the next election .
Cabinet sources have revealed that one idea being developed is to paint Cameron as a leader opposed to a wide - ranging reform of the political system that voters are demanding following the scandal over MPs ' expenses .
As part of this , plans are being considered to hold a referendum on general election day in which people would be asked to support or reject a switch from the present first - past - the - post system to a new model , under which candidates would need to have the support of at least 50 % of voters to be elected .
If a majority backed change , a new method of voting called Alternative Vote ( AV ) could then be introduced at the election after next .
Critics say first - past - the - post is unfair as it does not reward smaller parties in relation to their share of the vote and ensures the two main parties hold a virtual duopoly on power .
Government insiders say the plan would be a step towards fairer voting .
But they also believe it has tactical attractions as it would force Cameron , a staunch supporter of first - past - the - post , to campaign actively against change and for a " no " vote ahead of an election .
A senior minister told the Observer : " This is around as an idea , although nothing has been decided .
It is the kind of thing that could firm up in the months to come . "
Another source said : " It has the added attraction that if the Tories won power and the answer in the referendum was ' yes ' , the first act of a Cameron government would be to do something he was fundamentally opposed to , or overturn the will of the people . "
Gordon Brown has made clear that he is against a move to full proportional representation , because he does not want to break the link between MPs and their constituents .
The AV system , however , would retain that link .
Instead of simply marking an X on the ballot paper , voters would rank candidates on offer .
If no one candidate gained a majority of first - preference votes , second preferences of the candidate who came last on the first ballot would be redistributed until someone reached the 50 % threshold .
Cabinet ministers favouring some form of change include Alan Johnson , Peter Hain , John Denham and Ben Bradshaw .
Willie Sullivan , from Vote for a Change , said the government had three months to show it was serious .
A referendum would require legislation in November 's Queen 's speech .
" If we are going to restore faith in politics , we need more than tinkering , " he said .
" The public expect a big bang reform , untainted by vested interests or political calculation .
We need reform that puts the voters back in the driving seat .
That means giving people a choice on whether or not we keep safe seats , jobs for life and the cheap theatre that passes for debate in our parliament . "
Last night Kate Hoey , the Labour MP for Vauxhall , said she was shocked by her party 's campaign in Norwich .
" It was very negative , all about Tory spending cuts and stuff that frankly people did not believe .
We have to do better than that to stand any chance at the next election . "
One senior Labour MP , Barry Sheerman , called Brown 's leadership into question , saying that the prime minister needed to reconnect with the public by the end of the summer .
" We 've got to get our act together , and to get your act together you do n't go away for the summer and hope this all blows over , " he told BBC Radio 4 's Today programme .
" The fact of the matter is we 've got to think about how a party in government renews itself , how it does that .
It 's partly a question of leadership , it 's partly a question of ideas . "
His girlfriend ’s house was surrounded by Federal agents in black SUV ’s this afternoon , they told him to walk out and introduce himself .
So he did , and he asked them , ‘ If you ’ve got a warrant , take me into custody .
If you do n’t , I ’m going to Houston . ’
And they did , so they arrested him .
Chairman of the troubled Stanford Financial Group , R. Allen Stanford surrendered to FBI agents in Virginia Thursday afternoon , his attorney said .
Law enforcement officials said Stanford is in custody after surrendering in Stafford , Va. Authorities plan to unseal an indictment charging Stanford on Friday , the officials said , speaking on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the case .
Stanford Financial Group has been under investigation by a grand jury in Houston .
The Securities and Exchange Commission filed civil charges earlier this year accusing Stanford and his top executives of conducting an $ 8 billion fraud by advising clients to buy certificates of deposit from the Antigua - based Stanford International Bank .
The SEC ’s lawsuit charged that the bank advertised its CDs in a brochure touting a conservative investment philosophy .
But instead the bank ’s portfolio was “ misappropriated by Defendant Allen Stanford and used by him to acquire private equity investments and real estate , ” the suit says .
Read
An amended complaint by the SEC has accused Stanford and his finance chief , James M. Davis , of conducting a “ massive Ponzi scheme ” in which early investors were paid returns from money put in by later investors .
Davis promised in April to cooperate with federal investigators .
Stanford has maintained his innocence .
Stanford ’s attorney in Houston , Dick DeGuerin told The Associated Press that Stanford “ surrendered this afternoon to some FBI agents who were hiding out in black SUVs outside the residence where he was staying in Virginia . ”
Richard Kolko the FBI spokesman declined to comment .
Chief investment officer , Laura Pendergest - Holt , of Stanford ’s parent company , is facing criminal charges of obstructing the SEC ’s investigation by lying about her knowledge of the firm ’s activities and omitting key details .
“ We heard the grand jury has been active , and we fully expect indictments , ” her attorney Jeff Tillotson told the AP .
“ We obviously deny that our client has committed any crime . ”
He has said she was “ set up ” by Stanford .
Today I ’d like to take a quick look at a distribution still in the early stages of development , but one that , in my opinion holds massive potential .
That distribution is Chakra Project and it ’s based on Arch Linux , which I reviewed not too long ago .
According to their own website the idea was formed one night , in a dark corner of the Freenode IRC network where KDEmod developers linger .
The idea to try and create a liveCD to display the virtues of Arch and KDEmod is a noble one .
I tried out alpha 2 this week to see how they were getting on …
Vital Stats :
Distro base – Arch Linux
Packaging – .pkg.tar.gz ( Managed by Pacman )
Linux Kernel – 2.6.29
Default Desktop – KDE 4.2
Introduction :
This wo n’t be my typical in - depth review because Chakra is only in alpha , and I think it ’s a bit unfair to hold it up against other finished distros just yet .
Like any software in the early stages of development it has it ’s bugs , I ’ll talk about them of course but I ’d rather focus on the features and potential .
It ’s more of a distro preview than a review of the finished product I suppose .
With that in mind , lets get into it .
Installation :
I booted up the Chakra liveCD , and immediately was offered a choice of whether to use proprietary drivers or not , for the live session .
I chose to use them as I have a freedom hating Nvidia graphics card , and I like to get all the 3D effects .
The boot process stalled for a minute or two as it installed the Nvidia drivers , but eventually continued .
Booting from the liveCD seemed a little slow compared to some others I ’ve tried but it was n’t arduous , and visually it ’s very impressive .
Whoever does the graphics deserves a pat on the back .
Upon reaching the KDE 4.2 live session I was pleased to see that everything worked as expected , right down to wireless .
I clicked the install icon on the desktop and was amused by the following message – “ WARNING :
This is alpha software , it could eat your hamster !! “ .
Hamster owners beware , nevertheless I continued on bravely .
Next you ’re greeted by quite a few license and EULA screens which come as a bit of shock .
These are for the Microsoft fonts , Nvidia drivers and Adobe Flash Player , all of which are proprietary of course .
I had no problem with this as I use these things anyway , but perhaps some Free Software advocates would n’t be as keen .
The installer seems pretty easy to use and offers you the usual prompts for regional settings , user details and other such things .
When I reached hard drive partitioning though I noticed the screen flickering a lot as you moved the mouse around the interface .
This is one of the little bugs you ’d expect in alpha software and I did n’t worry about it too much .
I was still able to set up my hard drive in the usual fashion : 12gb root partition , 5 gb swap and the remaining 140 g b ( ish ) for /home .
While installing you ’re shown a slideshow of system screenshots and features to keep you amused .
This part only lasted about 15 mins before I was prompted to install GRUB and complete the process .
Unfortunately , next I hit a pretty major bug as the installer crashed ; I was waiting for it to close and it did n’t .
I exited the program manually and saw the message “ Tribe – Fatal Error ” which sounded dramatic .
The install seemed to have completed , so I figured the best course of action would be to reboot from the hard disc .
Trying to shut down with the KDE4 menu did n’t seem to do anything , as a last resort I hit CTRL +ALT + F2 to switch to a terminal , I could then issue the command “ shutdown -h now “ .
This worked .
Before it sounds like I ’m being too critical here , I fully understand that I was testing something that ’s not intended for release in any way .
I ’m just conveying my experience , that ’s all .
Upon booting from the internal drive , the new system started fine .
I think this is just a glitch in the installer , which is still under heavy development .
The full install took about 25 mins , a very respectable time .
FULL INSTALLATION SLIDESHOW
Configuring The System :
The new KDE4.2 desktop looks slick and shiny but I ran into a bit of problem with the mouse trackpad on my laptop .
It would n’t do anything .
Having seen the same problem in Arch I knew how this could be fixed , and having all the Arch documentation to rely on is really great .
I said many times during my Arch review how great their wiki and supporting docs are , I ca n’t stress that enough .
Chakra also has it ’s own wiki , forums and support channels of course .
You ’re spoilt for options .
I plugged in a USB mouse while I sorted things out .
There ’s actually a full article on the Arch wiki dedicated to my machine , the Dell XPS M1330 .
This includes information on how to make the Synaptics touchpad work .
I added the necessary options to my Xorg.conf file and rebooted .
To my delight , the touch pad worked .
Next I wanted to get wireless working , and like the trackpad it had been working on the live session .
I noticed that Wicd ( the network manager ) is installed by default , but trying to run it did n’t get me anywhere .
I then remembered more nuggets of wisdom ( yes I have some ) from my Arch install .
So I used Nano to edit the main rc.conf file in a terminal .
At the end of the file there ’s an array of daemons to run at startup .
I removed the “ network ” entry and added “ wicd ” .
After a restart I was pleased to find the Wicd icon in my system tray .
From there it ’s a simple matter of clicking a few boxes , adding your wireless key ( WPA2 in my case ) and connecting .
I was able to tell Wicd to connect to my network every time I started the machine .
Sound was already working and all the codecs I needed seemed to be installed .
I was able to watch videos in Kmplayer without any trouble .
Most things were easy enough to set up for anyone who ’s used Arch in the past .
I think as the development progresses all those things which already work in the live session will be translated into the installed system .
It ’s a work in progress and getting the LiveCD working as a demo was their primary goal it seems .
That works very well .
Calling The Shaman :
With a working Internet connection , it was now time to look at installing software and updating the system .
I talked a lot about Pacman – the Arch package manager – in the my Arch review and I ’m a big fan .
It works very well , but only in a terminal at the moment .
The Chakra guys have built a GUI wrapper which they ’re calling Shaman .
It looks very much like Synaptic , and it works in a similar way .
You can type in the name of a package to narrow down the list , or just browse through and mark them for installation if you prefer .
I chose to mark all updates and discovered there were 332 !
Things move fast in Arch land and the install disc was a couple of months old .
I got some errors while trying to apply the updates though , and it failed a couple of times .
I think there were some package conflicts between the KDEmod repos and the standard Arch ones .
It would keep saying “ failed to process queue ” , so I ticked the “ force queue processing ” box and set it off again .
In hindsight this may not have been the wisest move I ’ve ever made in my life .
The updates installed and I was able to use the system afterwards but I noticed some problems .
Amarok stopped working and sound in general was playing up .
That aside I think the Shaman interface is nice and it ’s coming along really well .
The problems I experienced were mainly down to the experimental nature of the software and I think they ’re on the right track .
One superficial thing I must mention is the Shaman logo .
It ’s one of the little ghosts from the original Pacman game , an obvious nod to the package manager , and I funny one I thought .
Conclusions :
I ’m not going to offer scores for various things this time as I normally do .
This is not an official software release and I feel it would be a bit unfair .
I really just wanted to see how it was coming along , as the combination of Arch and KDE4 intrigued me .
I ’m not normally a huge fan of KDE4 to be honest , but I ’d heard many people say KDEmod was really the best implementation of it to date .
Having spent a week or so trying it I would concur with that assessment .
It ’s very polished and while I still love Gnome , I could get used to this as my main desktop I think .
It would take a while but eventually we ’d get along .
With version 4.2 the KDE guys seem to have really improved on a rocky start to the 4.x series .
I never understood releasing a development version as 4.0 , but that rant is for another article perhaps .
The depth of the Arch repos and the really strong community around it have been mentioned many times .
Chakra obviously benefits from both of those , and you can usually find someone to help if you get stuck .
I ’ve enjoyed my time looking at Chakra , and while it has many rough edges to iron out before an official release , I do think it ’s potential is there for all to see .
Arch is a great distribution and building on top of it like this makes perfect sense to me .
I ’m not sure exactly who Chakra is aimed at but it does n’t seem to be new Linux users .
They even say that on their website .
I think for Arch users who like KDE it ’s definitely worth a look , even in this early stage .
Why not get involved and help them make it even better .
Some knowledge of Arch is essential if you ’re planning to get involved with Chakra .
Having the backup of my Arch experience really helped me fix some teething problems .
The liveCD works perfectly already , they just need to tweek the installer a little and they ’ll be onto a winner .
One thing is for sure , when they finally get a full release of Chakra ready for public consumption , I ’ll be back to look at it .
It ’s one to keep your eye on I say .
If you want to try Chakra Project you can get it here , bare in mind it may eat your hamster though 🙂
Upcoming :
I ’ve moved onto Linux Mint 7 now , as I wanted see what it had to offer .
I ’ll write up my findings and then hop onto Fedora 11 I think .
I do n’t look at enough RPM distros and I ’d like to get out of my comfort zone a bit .
Once that ’s done I ’m not sure where I ’ll go yet .
If you ’d like to make suggestions please do , they are always welcome .
Just leave a comment , drop me an email or shout out of your nearest window as loud as you can .
Until next time , I ’ll see you on the flipside …
Curve Studios , the team behind Buzz !
Master Quiz for PSP , has another exciting title on the way for Sony ’s beloved handheld .
Explodemon is a game that was origninally announced for just the Wii , PC , and PSN .
Well now Curve Studios has said that it will also be available on the PSP Go .
The main character seems very reminiscent of Mega Man .
You essentially explode your character ’s body in order to attack enemies .
The title will be available sometime in 2010 .
[ Source ]
An­noy­ing col­lege girl # 1 : Your boyfriend is so sweet !
An­noy­ing col­lege girl # 2 : I know .
Did I tell you what he did ?
He sent me an e‑mail with ted­dy bears in hearts with flow­ers all around .
An­noy­ing col­lege girl # 1 : Awww .
An­noy­ing col­lege girl # 2 : Yeah .
I told him he was gay .
– Penn Sta­tion
Over­heard by : ser­e­na
Alaska 's Rat Island is finally rat - free , 229 years after a Japanese shipwreck spilled rampaging rodents onto the remote Aleutian island , decimating the local bird population .
After dropping poison onto the island from helicopter - hoisted buckets for a week and a half last autumn , there are no signs of living rats and some birds have returned , according to the United States Fish and Wildlife Service .
Rats have ruled the island since 1780 , when they jumped off a sinking Japanese ship and terrorised all but the largest birds on the island .
The incident introduced the non-native Norway rat , also known as the brown rat , to Alaska .
The $ US2.5 million Rat Island eradication project , a joint effort between the US Government , the Nature Conservancy and Island Conservation , is one of the world 's most ambitious attempts to remove destructive alien species from an island .
Now there are signs that several species of birds , including Aleutian cackling geese , ptarmigan , peregrine falcons and black oystercatchers , are starting to nest again on the 26 square kilometre island .
Fish and Wildlife Service spokesman Bruce Woods says they will officially be able to declare the island rat - free after two years of monitoring .
" We do n't know that there 's not a couple of happy rats hiding away that are going to spring out and repopulate the island , " he said .
- Reuters
And as we slowly separate from our worldly desires we think the unthinkable .
~ 40 Below Summer
There are certain places on this Earth — like modern day , war - torn Baghdad — where a giant blast at 9:01 in the morning would earn itself little more than a moment ’s pause .
Not so in April 19 , 1995 Oklahoma City , smack dab in America ’s Midwest .
The sudden explosion that took down a federal office building , killing 168 men , women , and children and injuring hundreds more , was most certainly out of the ordinary .
It ’s always the unusual that grabs our attention and heightens our emotion , so while in Baghdad such a blast is called a day at the market , in America ’s heartland it ’s called by its proper name — a tragedy .
The authorities quickly apprehended the mastermind behind the attack — Timothy McVeigh , a decorated American war hero and Army veteran .
Unlike so much of what happens around us , the inexplicable tragedies that leave us asking why without any real hope for an answer , here the why was no mystery to anyone who knew Timothy McVeigh .
The idea for Oklahoma City was birthed in the massacre at Waco , Texas that happened exactly two years prior to the day of April 19 , 1995 .
The matching date of the two attacks was no coincidence .
Building the Perfect Beast
No one close to him thought he was anything but perfectly normal .
~ from American Terrorist
Like most of history ’s more vile figures Timothy McVeigh , for the most part , appeared to be just an ordinary average guy .
There was nothing in his early days that gave warning he was contemplating or even capable of doing what he did .
How often have we seen this , the crowd looking on perplexed as body bag after body bag is bought up from the basement of their long - time neighbor , the one who was always so good with the children during the annual block parties ?
Gregarious when he wanted to be , hard - working , meticulous , and blessed with a high IQ , when all was said and done McVeigh ’s body count total ranks him up there with many better known killers , but lacking the charisma of a Che or a Charles Manson there will be no college students displaying his face on their dorm walls or t- shirts .
Quickly fading , we should grab onto whatever lessons McVeigh can teach us before time crushes his memory .
Complain all you wish about Missouri ’s " Modern Militia Movement " report ( designed to spot a real or potential terrorist ) , McVeigh certainly hit on red all across the list .
Supports third - party candidates ?
McVeigh voted for Libertarian Party candidate Harry Browne in 1996 , casting his absentee ballot from the SuperMax federal prison .
Conspiracy theories ?
He had them in abundance .
Subversive literature ?
More than anything , it was McVeigh ’s reading of The Turner Diaries — the story of a gun rights enthusiast who uses a self - made truck bomb to take down the FBI ’s Washington headquarters — that set the stage for what was to come .
McVeigh was deeply impressed by the book and copied it as the blueprint for Oklahoma City .
Shortly after he first read the book McVeigh volunteered for the US Army .
He would remember his first two years of service as the happiest time of his life .
He had found a home , and dedicated himself with a fanaticism that earned him a tryout for the elite Green Berets , but the First Gulf War intervened .
Instead of Fort Bragg , McVeigh was sent with his unit to far off Mesopotamia .
Assigned to the first wave of the American led ground assault , he found himself feeling sympathetic towards the Iraqis and wondering what the Army was doing so far from home .
Back stateside after the conflict , he washed out of Green Berets training and was honorably discharged from the military in late 1991 .
McVeigh had been given firsthand observations of a far - flung empire and he was revolted by what he saw .
Turning his back on what he had hoped to be a new family and now once again a civilian , by many accounts he was increasingly embittered and prone to curse - filled tirades about the federal government .
For the rest of his days he would lead a life unstructured , living in a fringe world of gun shows and endless drifting across America , liberally handing out white supremacist literature to mark his passing .
Having little to do with his family , he came home to New York but infrequently .
The fuse in his mind was lit by the events in Waco , Texas during a 51 - day stand off in March and April 1993 between a Protestant religious sect and hundreds of heavily armed federal agents , the latter tricked out with both air power and armored vehicles .
The resultant military assault to end it all , when Attorney General Janet Reno ordered the slaughter that killed 76 people , including 20 children and 2 pregnant women was , in the mind of Timothy McVeigh , a declaration of war on the American people by their own government .
From his father to his few friends to the people who worked with him , all agree , and McVeigh always made it bluntly clear , that the tragedy in Oklahoma City was a direct response to what had happened at Waco two years prior .
While Rudy Giuliani would doubtless consider such a theory " extraordinary , " thinking that maybe McVeigh launched the attack because he " hates our freedom , " the FBI , the jury , and everyone else had no doubt that " blowback " would be the perfect description for what happened .
In the end , his dreams of eventual glory in the eyes of his fellow Americans , who according to McVeigh will one day view him as a patriot , will likely remain a still - born project .
For all his willingness to take action , McVeigh suffered from the characteristic flaw of the modern American mind — the frantic urge to act without giving a moment ’s thought to what you are about to do .
Road to Ruin
I ’ve seen it many times , nice people doing really terrible things .
~ Dr. John Smith , court psychiatrist to McVeigh
Despite his superior IQ , McVeigh , like many highly intelligent people , had a big dose of stupid in him .
His plan and how he pulled it off proves the accusation .
The sad , ironic tragedy of Timothy McVeigh was this ; when all was said and done , he became everything he supposedly despised .
Timothy McVeigh ’s low opinion of government employees was arguably given credence by their behavior towards him and his family during the aftermath of the bombing .
From FBI agents breaking into and inundating his father ’s home with listening devices — even after his father had offered the keys — to the thuggish interrogation techniques used against his sister , to the FBI picking up defense witnesses at the local airport for an intimidating ride to the courthouse , to the sleep deprivation and inhumane treatment practiced on McVeigh himself , the federal government gave every indication that it is the lawless , out of control threat McVeigh claimed it to be .
As the trail came to a close , government prosecutor Larry Mackey asked the jurors " Who are the patriots , and who is the traitor " ?
In this case , no one was the former and everyone was the latter .
In a country with any respect for the rule of law , Janet Reno ( who bears ultimate responsibility for Waco ) would have shared a cellblock in the SuperMax with Timothy McVeigh , waiting her turn with justice .
Yet , the fact that she went unpunished gave McVeigh no reason to bring down a building on top of 168 people who had nothing at all to do with Waco .
Despite McVeigh ’s expressed admiration for our Founding Fathers , Larry Mackey was dead on when he stated , " our forefathers did n’t fight women and children … they did n’t plant bombs and run away , " ( Michel , 2001 , p. 320 ) and when he reminded the jury that , " he committed murder .
This is a murder case " ( Michel , 2001 , p. 341 ) he was exactly correct .
The Founding Fathers would not have condoned the collective punishment that McVeigh inflicted .
For all the hypocrisy of the same organization that pulled off the massacre at Waco beating its breast over the massacre at Oklahoma City , the government ’s case against McVeigh was airtight .
Timothy McVeigh was guilty as sin , and was nothing more than a mass murderer .
From using threats against Terry Nicolas ’s family to extract his help in mixing the bomb components to his deliberate , blasé attitude towards the massive " collateral damage " he caused , McVeigh proved himself no more worthy of respect than the government he felt such a hatred towards .
Coupled with his claim that , " I did it for the larger good , " McVeigh ’s last words to the court after his sentencing were a pathetic cop -out for a man who otherwise gladly took credit for every step of his murderous rampage .
He quoted Justice Brandeis , " for good or ill , ( the government ) teaches the whole people by its example . "
Such words are nothing but an excuse , like a child telling his mother that he broke a window only because Johnny broke one first .
McVeigh tried to argue that all is fair in love and war , as if murdering 168 completely innocent strangers somehow conformed to the rules of a just war .
It ’s sad to say but there is much truth in Stalin ’s famous opinion " one death is a tragedy , a million deaths is a statistic . "
Like all collective activities , dying in mass removes much of the individuality that each victim deserves .
Because of this , except for close friends and family , nobody could likely name a single one of McVeigh ’s victims who died that April 19th .
From Lucio Aleman Jr. to John Youngblood and all the other 166 murdered in between , everyone from that building is forever known to most by the term " 168 . "
Yet , if there are two who stand out in this tragedy for the fact they are not counted as victims at all , it was McVeigh ’s parents , William and Mickey .
Bud Welch , a man who lost a 23 - year - old daughter at Oklahoma City , felt William McVeigh to be an " even bigger victim of the bombing than himself . "
( Michel , 2001 , p. 388 ) True to character , Timothy McVeigh considered his parents ’ anguish regrettable but necessary " collateral damage . "
For the rest of their days , every relative or friend of those 168 will desperately miss their loved one and can soothe their grief in the comfort of others .
In contrast , Timothy McVeigh ’s parents must go through life without a son and with a past that lies upon their life like a dark cloak , they are condemned to plod along forever fearful that someone will find out they birthed an abomination .
Theirs is a secret wound that will never heal , and they bear the scars without even the sympathy of their fellow man .
So on this date , which calls us to remember each of the 168 lives destroyed , we should also extend our sympathy to include William and Mickey McVeigh who , through no fault of their own , have been devastated by the Oklahoma City bombing in a way that most cannot even begin to comprehend .
The Best of C.J. Maloney
Just a few weeks ago , Glenn Beck was shrilly declaring that America was marching toward Communism .
It was the show 's featured theme .
Yesterday , he admitted he was wrong -- it 's not Communism we 're headed toward , it 's Fascism !
Of course , he only looked the definition of the word up the day before , so you know , he may change his mind again .
But whatever :
Beck :
Like it or not , fascism is on the rise .
And that does n't mean the Adolph Hitler kind of fascism .
It 's fascism with a happy face .
I 'll explain the exact definition of fascism in a second , and it will boggle your mind .
Well , as someone who 's studied fascism in the flesh , this had me interested .
So he brought on libertarian economist Sheldon Richman to talk about what it all means :
Beck : I looked up the definition of fascism yesterday , and I want to break it down .
The first part is : " Where socialism sought totalitarian control of a society ’s economic processes through direct state operation of the means of production , fascism sought that control indirectly , through domination of nominally private owners . "
Would n't you say this is what 's happening with GM right now ?
Um , no Glenn , not really .
You see , the means by which the Nazis achieved " domination " of private owners was violence and thuggish intimidation .
I could be mistaken , but I do n't think that 's what 's happening to GM right now .
But that 's what 's missing from your how you 're depicting fascism .
You see , Beck is quoting from Richman 's article on fascism in the Concise Encyclopedia of Economics , which is a libertarian site .
He and Richman go on to discuss fascism in purely economic terms .
But fascism was an economic phenomenon only secondarily at best .
Primarily , fascism is a political and cultural pathology ; its leading ideologues in fact explicitly rejected economics as a driver in human affairs .
Fascism was all about blood and iron and will , a love of violence and a contempt for the weak .
Only in its mature stages -- when it has actually obtained power -- do economics come into play for fascism .
Moreover , fascism was always populist -- a very specific , producerist kind of right - wing populism .
That 's hardly what has proceeded from Obama and the Democrats , who if anything are looking more corporatist by the day .
So when we look at the reality of fascism , both historically and in the present , the only serious likelihood of any coming strain of fascism is proceeding , as we might expect , from the populist corners of the right , especially as it indulges and encourages eliminationist rhetoric directed at various " liberal " and minority targets ( Latino immigrants in particular ) .
Details below .
How far out to lunch was Beck here ?
Well , one of the goofier moments in this whole charade came when Beck trotted out the back of an old American dime -- first minted , as Beck says , in 1916 -- which has a fasces , the fascist symbol , on its reverse side :
This is the famed " Mercury dime " , which was designed by sculptor Adolph A. Weinman , who won a 1915 competition : " The reverse design , a fasces juxtaposed with an olive branch , was intended to symbolize America 's readiness for war , combined with its desire for peace . "
Now , the fasces has a long history of inclusion in various parts of American symbology besides just this dime .
You can find it in the Oval Office , on National Guard Bureau insignia , on the American flag that flies in the U.S. House , in the Mace of the House of Representatives ; on the seal of the U.S. Senate , on the Statue of Freedom atop the United States Capitol building , and on a frieze on the facade of the United States Supreme Court building .
Fasces are incorporated into the Lincoln Memorial .
But then , fascism as a political movement was not born until 1919 .
So for sculptor Weinman to have intended the fasces on the Mercury dime to imply a " fascist " intent , he'd have had to have jumped in a time machine , traveled to the future , met Mussolini , and come back to 1915 with that nefarious design in his head .
Somehow I doubt this .
But that 's just a small example of how badly Beck has distorted the public 's understanding of fascism with this segment .
By way of remediation , let me offer the definition of fascism from someone other than a libertarian economist -- in this case , from Roger Griffin , the renowned Oxford Brookes scholar who has authored , among other studies , The Nature of Fascism .
This is from a survey article he authored :
Fascism : modern political ideology that seeks to regenerate the social , economic , and cultural life of a country by basing it on a heightened sense of national belonging or ethnic identity .
Fascism rejects liberal ideas such as freedom and individual rights , and often presses for the destruction of elections , legislatures , and other elements of democracy .
Despite the idealistic goals of fascism , attempts to build fascist societies have led to wars and persecutions that caused millions of deaths .
As a result , fascism is strongly associated with right - wing fanaticism , racism , totalitarianism , and violence .
Or Robert O. Paxton , in The Anatomy of Fascism :
Fascism may be defined as a form of political behavior marked by obsessive preoccupation with community decline , humiliation , or victimhood and by compensatory cults of unity , energy , and purity , in which a mass - based party of committed nationalist militants , working in uneasy but effective collaboration with traditional elites , abandons democratic liberties and pursues with redemptive violence and without ethical or legal constraints goals of internal cleansing and external expansion .
As you can see , none of these would exactly be a handy definition for Beck 's purposes , since very little of what they describe fits the politics that are currently proceeding on the main American stage .
Beck 's mistake is in attempting to view fascism through an economic prism , when its essence was always political and cultural .
Indeed , it 's important to understand that fascists rejected economic analyses of the world .
This reflected both their devout opposition to socialism ( which indeed primarily was preoccupied with economic matters ) as well as their core impulse -- the raw will to power , enabled by a discrete set of what Paxton calls " mobilizing passions " ( such as a fanatical belief in national ethnic unity , devotion to the instincts of their leader , fear of liberalism , a love of violence , and so on ) .
Maybe Mussolini expressed it clearest when he uttered : " The democrats of Il Mondo want to know our program ?
It is to break the bones of the democrats of Il Mondo . "
As Paxton puts it in Anatomy of Fascism ( more here ) :
Even at its most radical , however , fascists ' anticapitalist rhetoric was selective .
While they denounced speculative international finance ( along with all other forms of internationalism , cosmopolitanism , or globalization -- capitalist as well as socialist ) , they respected the property of national producers , who were to form the social base of the reinvigorated nation .
When they denounced the bourgeoisie , it was for being too flabby and individualistic to make a nation strong , not for robbing workers of the value they added .
What they criticized in capitalism was not its exploitation but its materialism , its indifference to the nation , its inability to stir souls .
More deeply , fascists rejected the notion that economic forces are the prime movers of history .
For fascists , the dysfunctional capitalism of the interwar period did not need fundamental reordering ; its ills could be cured simply by applying sufficient political will to the creation of full employment and productivity .
Once in power , fascist regimes confiscated property only from political opponents , foreigners , or Jews .
None altered the social hierarchy , except to catapult a few adventurers into high places .
At most , they replaced market forces with state economic management , but , in the trough of the Great Depression , most businessmen initially approved of that .
What 's the most fascistic thing to appear on the American political horizon in recent months ?
Glenn Beck and his " 912 Project " and the accompanying apocalyptic fearmongering .
He 's a right - wing populist , and that never seems to turn out well .
14 Ways to Get the Energy for Important Stuff
By Leo Babauta
How do you avoid procrastination when you ’re tired , burned out , exhausted ?
The short answer is it ’s usually too difficult .
Not impossible — if you have enough social pressure , like an impending deadline and a boss breathing down your back , you can get things done even when you have very little energy .
But what about the rest of the time ?
It ’s so hard to focus and get important work done when you ’re low on energy .
And so , let ’s look at some of the best ways to find the energy you need to get the important stuff done .
1 . More sleep .
This is obvious , but most people do n’t get enough sleep , so it had to be said .
If you ’re tired all the time , it ’s possible that you need more sleep .
Shoot for 7 - 8 hours .
Longer than 9 hours and you might actually feel more tired .
If you have trouble falling asleep , turn off the computer , wind down by reading and flossing and washing up , then lay down , close your eyes , and start picturing your entire day ( that just passed ) in the smallest detail , from the moment you woke up .
I usually fall alseep within a few minutes .
2. Tea .
I often have a lull in the afternoon , and a break where I have some tea is usually the perfect solution .
It ’s partly because I take a break and slow down to be mindful with the tea , and partly because green tea has a bit of caffeine but not too much .
3. Exercise .
You ’ve heard it before , but exercise is one of the best ways to have more energy each day .
I prefer to start the day with some exercise , sometime in the morning , and the rest of my day is always better .
Even a brisk walk or jog is enough .
4. Naps .
You got more sleep at night , but you ’re still tired ?
Take a nap if at all possible .
Usually just 15 - 20 minutes will be enough to get you feeling more rested and ready to take on the world .
I often take a short nap in the afternoon — even when I worked in an office , I found a quiet back room and would rest there when possible .
5. Music .
Sometimes you just need your mood lifted .
Play a few songs with a good beat , and it will get you moving more .
6. Water .
Often we ’re dehydrated and that makes us feel tired .
Drink plenty of water , and you ’ll feel better throughout the day .
7 . Walk , stretch , refresh .
Take frequent breaks .
Working too long without breaks will drain you .
Every 30 minutes or so , get up , stretch , walk around , get some water , and refresh your mind .
You ’ll be more focused because of the breaks .
8 . Talk with someone .
Get up and find someone to talk to .
If there is n’t anyone , call someone .
It often helps you to get your mind off your work , or get some perspective , or new ideas that will energize you .
9 . Work with someone .
It can be hard to sustain your motivation and energy levels if you work alone .
Working with someone else on a project can give you that motivation , bring in fresh ideas and energy , and make the project more fun .
10 .
Find your body ’s rhythm .
It ’s not possible to have high energy levels all day long — we all have a dip sometime .
It ’s a good idea to pay attention to your energy levels and do your most important work when you have the energy , and do more routine work ( or rest ) when you normally have a dip .
Use the dip to schedule a nap or exercise or a tea break .
11 . Play .
Our minds need play to refresh themselves and find new sparks .
So have something that you have fun playing , and take a break now and then to play it .
Sudoku , solitaire , Words with Friends , Angry Birds , juggling , anything .
12 . Take a shower .
If possible , take a quick shower to refresh yourself .
A hot shower can melt away tension , and a cold shower can wake you up .
Sometimes it can be great to do one and then the other in one shower .
13 . Massage .
I like to massage my neck and shoulders , and if I can get my wife to do it for me , that ’s even better !
It ’s more of a relaxation thing , but it helps if you ’re feeling burned out .
14 . Meditate .
Even 5 minutes of meditation is great for finding mindfulness and focus .
If you have time for 10 - 20 minutes , even better .
Going out of town ?
Most of us who tweet have been known to share that little tidbit of news with our followers , especially if that out of town journey is to a conference or event where we 're likely to meet other Twitterers .
Well , you might want to rethink those tweets about your vacay away from home .
Unfortunately , over - sharing of this variety has been known to cause adverse side effects .
Most recently , Israel Hyman ( @izzyvideo ) , a video podcaster , took a trip to the midwest with his family and twittered about the excursion .
He came home to find that his house had been burglarized .
Although the police on the case have yet to directly link the break - in to Hyman 's tweet , both the Arizona media and Hyman himself have been quick to link up the incident with his past Twitter behavior .
Regardless of whether or not this incident was a direct result of Hyman 's tweet , the issue of sharing exactly what you 're doing in the public domain is certainly one that most of us can relate to .
Burglars and other would - be predators have every reason to be hip to the social media craze , especially given the wealth of real - time information we all make readily available .
The more we tweet , the more we all need to be conscious of what information we 're making available and try and not put ourselves at risk .
You can watch the Associated Press video below for more details , where Hyman indicates that he has no plans to quit tweeting , but says that he will be more careful about the information he shares .
Should the State of Arizona carve out an exemption to its marijuana ban for the pot- worshipping , neo-Zoroastrian Church of Cognizance ?
That was but one of the legal issues at stake during oral arguments on February 18 before the Arizona Supreme Court in the case of the State of Arizona vs. Danny Ray Hardesty .
A member of the Church of Cognizance , Hardesty was popped back in 2005 in Yavapai County for tokin ' while driving .
His defense ?
Marijuana use is central to his religion .
Indeed , cannabis is a holy substance in the Church of Cognizance , and it's up to members as to how often and when they partake of the " sacred herb , " as it 's referred to .
The church 's " Declaration of Religious Belief , " for instance , states that marijuana , " increases cognizance , promotes tranquility , extends longevity , promotes health and welfare . "
This same declaration even includes an oath of allegiance to the weed , which proclaims , " I do honor marijuana as the Teacher , the Provider , the Protector ... Praise be to Holy Marijuana , the Righteous Teacher of my faith ! "
But before you dismiss the CoC as just an excuse for marijuana enthusiasts to get wasted with impunity , keep in mind that the Arizona Supremes are at least entertaining the notion that CoC 's weed - worshippers have a claim under the Arizona Free Exercise of Religion Act .
The 1999 law is based closely on a federal law called the Religious Freedom Restoration Act , and it says that government may " substantially burden a person 's exercise of religion , " only if there 's a compelling government interest , and if the government uses " the least restrictive means of furthering that compelling government interest . "
The issues before the court are both procedural , and substantive .
Hardesty 's lawyer argued that his client was not allowed to use religious freedom as a defense during his trial .
( Hardesty was convicted and got 18 months probation . )
This is counter to the AFERA law , which stipulates that , " A person whose religious exercise is burdened in violation of this section may assert that violation as a claim or defense in a judicial proceeding ... "
A larger issue concerns the " least restrictive means " test .
The state argues that a universal ban on marijuana is the least restrictive means for regulating its possible religious use , which seems laughable on its face , considering the legalization of medical marijuana in certain states , and considering the United States Supreme Court 's 2006 decision in Gonzales v. O Centro Espirita Beneficente Uniao do Vegetal .
( Say that three times fast . )
In that decision , a potentially more hazardous drug , the hallucinogen DMT was allowed to be offered in a ceremonial tea used by an obscure religious sect .
The Supreme Court came to its conclusion using the RFRA , the federal version of our state law , each of which uses almost the same wording .
But if it seems as if Hardesty 's lawyer Craig Williams should have carried the day , given these facts , he seemed to stumble when the argument moved from the procedural realm to the substantive .
Already , the state had conceded that the CoC was a religion and that Hardesty 's belief was sincere .
Williams just wanted the opportunity to go to the jury with the defense that Hardesty was simply following the tenets of his religion , which allows him the use of ganja whenever he feels like it .
But when the AZ Supremes wanted him to hypothesize about what outcome he wanted in regards to the " least restrictive means " test , Williams would n't go there .
The Supremes peppered him with questions trying to get Williams to play imaginary ball , but Williams resisted ,
" I would argue that the facts of the case are n't important here , " Williams told the Supremes .
" It 's the procedure that 's important . "
Williams ' stance seemed to frustrate the justices .
And Vice Chief Justice Rebecca White Berch even offered up a hypothetical on Williams ' behalf .
" Would it be enough to say ... if my client is endangering public safety by his use , then the religious exercise exception falls away ? " wondered Berch .
Williams agreed , but he still seemed unprepared to provide a compelling argument for why the state 's ban was far too broad , and did not allow for religious exceptions .
The justices did n't leave Assistant Attorney General Joseph Parkhurst off the hook .
They asked the state 's representative if the government 's universal ban would be the least restrictive means of burdening the religion in question if the pot smoker had his altar in his back yard , and only smoked marijuana there during religious ceremonies .
But Parkhurst stuck to his guns and rationalized a universal ban on pot , arguing that the evidence of marijuana 's ill - effects was overwhelming and incontrovertible .
Justice W. Scott Bales recalled what U.S. Supreme Court Justice Roberts had said in the Ocentro case , that , " It 's the typical bureaucratic argument to say if we make an exception for you , we 'll have to make one for everybody ... [ Roberts ] rejected that as a rationale for the universal prohibition of DMT . "
The justices ' decision in Hardesty is due a few weeks from now .
I was unable to contact Hardesty himself for this article , and his legal beagle Williams did not return my call .
But I did get hold of the man who helped found the CoC , Dan Quaintance of Graham County , Arizona .
Although Quaintance said his church did not condone Hardesty smoking reefer and operating a vehicle at the same time , he suggested that the circumstances of Hardesty 's bust were significant .
" He was out in the middle of a forest area , " related Quaintance of Hardesty , in his deep buzz of a baritone , " on a dirt trail , going 5 mph ... There 's hardly a danger to society at that point . "
As for the oral arguments before the Arizona Supreme Court ( which can be watched online at the court 's Web site ) , Quaintance commented that he liked Justice Berch 's hypothetical for a least restrictive means of burdening a religion like the CoC :
If a person is a danger to the public , they lose their religious exemption for using pot as a sacrament .
Quaintance claims he can trace the use of cannabis back to the earliest reaches of Zoroastrianism , considered by many to be the world 's oldest monotheistic religion .
He believes that ancient Zoroastrian holy texts refer to cannabis in a substance called haoma , a sacramental drink described in the Zoroastrian holy book , the Avesta .
( Quaintance says believers have to smoke it because of the costs associated with acquiring enough cannabis to make the drink . )
The CoC has been around since the nineties , according to Quaintance , and the church claims a couple of hundred members , many of whom maintain their own " monastaries , " referred to as I.O.M.M.s , or " Individual Orthodox Member Monastary . "
Quaintance 's theology is a lot more involved than you might anticipate .
And he comes across as a very thoughtful individual who has done a great deal of personal research into the history of religion .
But Quaintance has paid a steep price for his religious beliefs .
Where he and his wife Mary Quaintance used to partake of the sacred herb daily , they have been denied the holy hemp for the past three years , forced to undergo regular drug tests to make sure they 're clean .
See , the Quaintances were arrested in 2006 in New Mexico by the U.S. Border Patrol with 172 pounds of marijuana in their car .
The federal judge in that case , U.S. District Judge Judith Herrera , rejected the Quaintances ' religious freedom claim : the insistance that the Pope of Pot and his lady had a right to the 172 pounds of bud because it was to be used in worship .
Herrera found that the pair 's religious beliefs were not sincere .
But if there 's one thing that Dan Quaintance seems to be , it 's sincere , even if you find his beliefs to be kooky as all get - out .
Still free on bond , the Quaintances were sentenced recently .
( The Hardesty case has no immediate impact on theirs : Hardesty is in state court ; the Quaintances , federal . )
Dan got five years in the slammer .
His wife , two to three years .
Their petition to remain out pending appeal has been denied , and he has to report to Terminal Island , California before 2 p.m. , March 11 to begin serving his sentence .
He is 56 years old .
His wife Mary is 53 , and is currently experiencing heart trouble , so the government is going to let her be treated before she has to report to Victorville , California to begin her incarceration .
The Quaintances have two children and five grandchildren .
The most recent grandkid was born premature and had to be flown to Tucson Medical Center .
The family sounds very close , as they all live together on adjacent lots surrounded by a fence in Pima , Arizona .
Dan and Mary Quaintance have been married 35 years , and their separation from each other and their family will be a severe hardship .
" They 've assigned us so far away , it 's doubtful our family will be able to make that many trips to visit us during our incarceration , " Dan Quaintance told me , sadly .
" I personally can't think of any greater hardship that a person might face than being taken to such great distances away from loved ones , " Quaintance e-mailed me later .
" I do n't worry about the toll on me I worry about the punishment being inflicted on our family as a whole . "
Sure , a lot of folks will scoff , say the Quaintances are just getting what they deserve , make light of them worshipping a plant .
( You know , like the druids . )
But as far as beliefs go , is it any wackier than believing there 's some dude up in the sky with a big gray beard keeping score every time someone yells , " Jesus Christ ! " at a stumped toe , or whatever ?
Hell , all religions are nuts , as far as I 'm concerned .
And the Quaintances make as good an argument for smoking a doobie as a sacrament as the Catholics do for doling out red wine to minors during communion .
Bottom line is the Quaintances should n't have to go to prison because marijuana use should be legal .
The ban on it makes no more sense than the prohibition on alcohol did in its day .
I say this as someone who has only occasionally partaken at parties .
I do n't have very good lungs , so it 's not my recreational drug of choice .
Sure , people who get stoned all the time can be obnoxious .
But so can alcoholics .
One day , we will look back on the government 's harassment of individuals for smoking something other than tobacco and wonder where this mania for punishing people came from .
Unfortunately , that day wo n't come soon enough to help Dan Quaintance , who seems resigned to his fate .
" I am absolutely being persecuted for my religious beliefs , " contended Quaintance .
" But then every religion has its martyrs . "
In my previous post , I noted that despite the large decline in total number of job postings , the number Hadoop / MapReduce job postings increased by 49 % .
What is the current state of the online job market ?
The financial crisis that began in the Fall of 2008 has had a lasting negative effect on the U.S. online job market .
Since late 2008 , there have been significantly less jobs posted online .
Using data from SimplyHired and a few charts , I ’ll quickly highlight the impact of the global economic crisis on the U.S. online job market .
To quantify the sudden drop in U.S. online job postings , I calculated the average number of job posts per day :
The number of posts declined 49 % from Jan / May 2008 to Jan / May 2009 .
While there has been a downward trend since April 2008 , the financial crisis in September 2008 marked the start of even larger reductions .
In particular , the relatively small number of job postings in Nov / Dec 2008 has carried over into the first five months of 2009 .
The sharp seasonal rebound that occurs in Jan / Feb of each year , was practically non-existent in 2009 .
While some forecasters are seeing signs of a recovery , at least through the first five months of 2009 , we have n’t detected “ green shoots ” in the U.S. online job market .
Looking at job postings by location , the Top 20 states ( in terms of # of postings from Jan / May 2009 ) , suffered losses ranging from 38 % ( MD , VA ) to 58 % ( MN ) fewer postings per day :
Declines were n’t confined to states with large numbers of job postings , or certain regions of the country .
Every state suffered large drops : the “ best - performing ” state ( OK ) saw a 36 % decline in number of job postings per day .
() In partnership with SimplyHired and Greenplum , we maintain a data warehouse that contains most U.S. online job postings dating back to mid-2005 .
As I worked my way through Trine , I became deeply engrossed in the game .
I never found it very difficult , at least not the combat , but felt challenged enough to enjoy it .
I 'm not one to cheat in games , but I accidently discovered a cheat code in Trine that not only partially ruined the experience for me , it made the game crash !
When I activate the cheat , I saw the above screen with a message - " Ready to kick some butt ! " as well as a tone .
I thought to myself , what did I just do ?
I 'm honestly not sure how many people can replicate this , but I do know of at least one requirement .
You 'll need a keyboard that has some sort of volume control software running behind it and a hotkey to control the volume .
Hitting volume up or volume down on my M17 x yielded the cheat , and suddenly my characters stats were maxed and I unlocked every item in the game .
Repeatedly hitting the volume control eventually caused explosions in the game world and then caused the game to crash .
I was very disappointed because , as I said above , I felt this cheapened my experience and it ruined my saved file in the process with the maxed out one .
It appears I 'm not alone as well , as posts popped up on the official forums with the issue .
A Frozenbyte member responded and claimed a patch would be coming , but that was just over a week ago .
So the moral of the story ?
Do n't adjust the volume with your hotkeys if you do n't want to ruin the game .
If you want to cheat ?
Volume up !
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement The European Union has demanded the immediate release of Iranian staff at Britain 's embassy in Tehran detained on Saturday over post-election unrest .
EU ministers meeting in Greece warned that " harassment or intimidation " of embassy staff would be met with a " strong and collective " response .
Iranian media reported the detention of eight local staff at the UK mission over their alleged role in the unrest .
UK Foreign Secretary David Miliband dismissed the allegations as baseless .
Relations between the countries are strained since President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad accused the UK of stoking post-election protests , which London denies .
Iran has repeatedly accused foreign powers - especially Britain and the US - of meddling after the 12 June election , which officially handed Mr Ahmadinejad a decisive victory .
In the fallout from the crisis , Tehran expelled two British diplomats in the past week and the UK responded with a similar measure .
Strained relations Speaking on the sidelines of a meeting of European foreign ministers on the Greek island of Corfu , Mr Miliband said : " The idea that the British Embassy is somehow behind the demonstrations and protests that have been taking place in Tehran in recent weeks is wholly without foundation . "
Jeremy Bowen
BBC News , Tehran Iran 's response to criticism from abroad of the violent response to the demonstrations has been to blame foreign powers for inciting and orchestrating violence .
Britain has been singled out as the country most responsible for what has happened , aided by the BBC .
On Saturday President Ahmadinejad made a strong speech about what Iran claims has been foreign interference in the election .
He said that his new government would have a more decisive and powerful approach towards the west .
The arrests fit into a pattern of deteriorating relations between Britain and Iran .
Two British diplomats were expelled last week , and the British retaliated by expelling two Iranians from their embassy in London .
It was never certain that would be the end of the matter .
In a later statement , the EU ministers said : " Harassment or intimidation of foreign or Iranian staff working in embassies will be met with a strong and collective EU response . "
The arrests were first reported by Iran 's semi-official Fars news agency .
" Eight local employees at the British embassy who had a considerable role in recent unrest were taken into custody , " Fars said , without giving a source .
Some 17 people are thought to have died in street protests after the disputed presidential poll , which the opposition complains was rigged .
At least 1,000 opposition supporters are reported to have staged a noisy rally outside a mosque in Tehran on Sunday evening before it was broken up by police and militia .
Riot police used tear gas and clubs to disperse the crowd outside the Ghoba Mosque , Iranian eyewitnesses said .
The report could not be independently verified because of reporting restrictions on foreign media .
Rafsanjani breaks silence Iran 's powerful Guardian Council is due to rule on complaints about the presidential election by Monday .
Tehran has blamed the US and UK for post-election unrest Mr Ahmadinejad 's rivals have alleged massive fraud .
The BBC's Jeremy Bowen in Tehran says there is much politicking taking place behind the scenes , and that the five - day deadline for the Guardian Council to return its verdict may be extended .
The powerful former President , Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , has broken his silence on the election dispute .
Mr Rafsanjani , who heads two important organs of government , praised a decision by Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei to give the Guardian Council time to examine complaints by the three defeated candidates .
" This valuable move by the Supreme Leader in order to attract the people 's trust towards the election process was very effective , " Mr Rafsanjani said , according to Iranian news agencies .
" I hope those who are involved in this issue thoroughly and fairly review and study the legal complaints . "
Opposition leader Mir Hossein Mousavi has not backed away from his claim that the election result was fraudulent , and has refused to support the Guardian Council 's plan for a partial recount .
Mr Mousavi has been calling for a full re-run of the vote but said on Saturday that he would accept a review by an independent body .
However the Guardian Council has already defended President Ahmadinejad 's re-election , saying on Friday that the presidential poll was the " healthiest " since the Iranian revolution in 1979 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Twice a year , I publish an income report to track the progress of my various online businesses .
And in case you are new here , my primary sources of income are my online store at BumblebeeLinens.com and my blog at MyWifeQuitHerJob.com .
In addition , I run a small business podcast and an ecommerce conference called the Sellers Summit .
Feel free to check them out !
On this page , I post the most up to date income reports for my businesses which usually come out in January and July of every year .
Note :
As of 2019 , I have stopped publishing income reports with full revenue numbers .
Not only was it making my wife uncomfortable but it got to the point where they sounded presumptuous and no longer added value to the blog .
Instead , I now publish year end reviews for both of my 7 figure businesses which outline the changes and updated strategies for the year .
As of right now , the latest year end report for my online store ( Bumblebee Linens ) can be found here .
And a link to the latest year end report for my blog can be found here .
If you want to learn how to start your own profitable online store , click here to sign up for my free 6 day mini course .
Which Business Model Is Better ?
Blogging Or Ecommerce ?
Because I ’ve had a good amount of success with selling physical products online and blogging , I often get asked which business model is the best one to pursue .
In fact , here ’s an email I received the other day from a reader of the blog .
Hey Steve , I ’m thinking about starting an online store or a blog very soon and I ’m thrilled I found you .
I know that you ’ve done both so I wanted to know which business model you recommend for someone just starting out .
Thank you for sharing your wealth of knowledge !
- Kay
First off , the answer to this question is fairly complicated and largely depends on your personality and your long term goals .
But by reading about my experiences with both business models below , you should be able to decide for yourself .
Let ’s start with blogging first .
How Much Do I Make Blogging ?
Before I delve into the numbers , I just want to say that I ’ve always been a little embarrassed by how long it took me to make meaningful money with MyWifeQuitHerJob.com .
In fact , a bunch of my other blogging buddies started around the same time as I did and many of them are either making more money than I am or have a larger reader base than I do .
As of today , I ’ve been blogging for almost 7 10 years .
And to tell you the truth , I ’ve probably put more hours into writing articles for MyWifeQuitHerJob.com than I have spent working on my online store .
Writing also does n’t come that quickly or that easily for me .
And to make things worse , no one was reading my blog during the first 2 years .
Even my Mom used to tell me …
Why would people possibly want to read your posts and pay you money ?
The Tipping Point
But after about 2 years of blogging to a really small audience , something magical happened during year 3 .
My blog started to generate some serious traction .
And low and behold , I started gaining traffic and regular readers on an exponential growth scale .
In 2012 , I broke 6 figures for the first time .
In 2013 , I made $ 171,000 .
In 2014 , I broke $ 350,000 .
And in 2015 , I hit $ 712,000 .
And in 2016 , I hit $ 1,000,000 .
And in 2017 , I hit $ 1,400,000 .
As mentioned earlier , 2017 was the last income report that I published and I probably wo n’t put out anymore until I hit another major milestone .
Click here to read the last income report I wrote up for MyWifeQuitHerJob.com .
After years and years of slogging away at the keyboard for no money , I ’m ecstatic to finally enjoy the fruits of my labor .
But folks , if you are trying to make money fast , then blogging is not the answer .
You can easily make much more money with an online store in a much shorter period of time than you can with blogging .
For example , my wife and I made over $ 100,000 in profit in our first year of business with our online store .
But with my blog in the first year , I maybe made $ 100 but that ’s probably pushing it .
Editor ’s Note :
If I started my blog all over again from the beginning knowing what I know now , I could probably start making 4 figures / month within a year
The Intangible Benefits Of Blogging
But money aside , blogging is an incredible way to express yourself and to build an audience .
First and foremost , a blog allows you to create a loyal following .
Simply knowing that someone is out there reading my stuff is quite satisfying and makes me happy every time I hit the publish button .
( Take that Mom ! )
I ’ve also met a ton of new people through blogging that I would not have met otherwise .
And many of these people I now proudly call my friends .
By writing and podcasting about ecommerce , I ’ve also inadvertently positioned myself as an authority in the ecommerce space .
As a result , I ’ve been offered a few book deals ( including an offer from Wiley Publishing ) .
I ’m also constantly bombarded with free products and free software to review .
And I even launched a successful ecommerce course that now has ~3000 students !
There ’s no way that would have happened without my blog .
Most importantly , I feel like I ’m making a difference in this world by teaching others how to start their own businesses .
This last point is crucial .
It ’s hard to describe the feeling but helping others take charge of their lives is probably the most satisfying part of blogging .
Blogging Vs Ecommerce
If you ’re like my Mom , you ’re probably wondering how a blog can possibly make money .
With MyWifeQuitHerJob.com , I generate income primarily through advertising , affiliate marketing , podcast sponsorships and online course sales .
And the best part is that these income sources are passive in nature .
But as I mentioned earlier , it takes a tremendous amount of time and effort before you can make even a single penny .
If you decide to start a blog for the sole purpose of making money , do n’t expect to make any meaningful revenue for at least a few years because you need to build an audience first .
If your goal is to make money immediately , then go into ecommerce and start selling something online .
Starting an ecommerce store will almost always make money faster than a blog because you do n’t need that much traffic to sell your own goods and the payout per sale is often much higher .
But the beauty of blogging is that once you start getting some momentum , your growth potential is limitless and the margins are incredible !
Last year , my ecommerce store generated more revenue than my blog , but my blog was more profitable .
Why ?
It ’s because the money I made from blogging was more or less pure profit .
Unlike running an ecommerce store , I do n’t have additional overhead in the form of inventory and office space .
And even though my ecommerce store made a lot more money during its first 5 years of existence , my blog is growing much faster today .
To put things in perspective , here ’s a graph I threw together that demonstrates the growth curves of both business models .
So What ’s The Verdict ?
Should I Start A Blog Or An Online Store ?
If you have less than $ 500 to start a business or if you do n’t know what business you want to start , I would advise that you start a blog and put yourself out there .
The starting costs are super low ( $ 3.95 / month ) and by building an audience now , you will have a place to market your products to when you are ready to start selling .
Remember , blogging is an excellent way to get your ideas out to the masses , to establish yourself as an authority and to reach out to other experts around you .
What ’s really nice about MyWifeQuitHerJob.com is that the majority of the money I earn is passive income .
Unlike my ecommerce store , I do n’t have to worry about carrying inventory , customer support , customer acquisition , importing goods from overseas etc . .
The real question that you have to ask yourself is whether you have the patience to get through the initial slow period of blogging or whether you want to start making money right away .
If you want to make money faster , then sign up for my FREE 6 day mini course on how to start your own profitable online store .
If you prefer generating more passive income , continue reading and I ’ll show you how to get started blogging right now in under 5 minutes for less than $ 4 / month .
How To Start A Blog
First off , if you are interested in ever making money off your blog or turning it into a business , then you must host it yourself and own your domain and website .
This is absolutely required .
Right now the best blogging platform available is WordPress .
And an economical way of getting started is by hosting your WordPress blog on Bluehost .
Not only does Bluehost only cost $ 3.49 / month , but I actually ran my ecommerce store on Bluehost for 2 years before I transitioned to dedicated hosting and I ’ve had very positive experiences with them .
Blogging has been one of the best things ever to happen to me and has allowed me to quit my job .
Today I work from home , travel whenever I want and attend all of my kids ’ activities .
Below , I ’ve written step by step instructions on how to start a WordPress blog in the easiest way possible and for the lowest possible cost using a reputable webhost .
Step 1 : Sign Up For Webhosting
Instructions How To Sign Up
Go To The Blue Host Website
Click On The “ Get Started Now ” Button .
. Select A Plan
If you ’re just starting out , just go with the cheapest plan which will be fine until you reach about 1000 visits per day .
If you ’re just starting out , just go with the cheapest plan which will be fine until you reach about 1000 visits per day .
Type In Your Domain .
Note :
If you already own a domain , simply type it in .
Enter Your Account And Billing Information .
Choose Your Hosting Package .
You will be given a choice of 12 months , 24 months or 36 months .
The longer the time frame , the cheaper it will be .
You will be given a choice of 12 months , 24 months or 36 months .
The longer the time frame , the cheaper it will be .
Make sure you unclick all the stuff you do n’t need .
Trust me .
You do n’t need SiteLock Domain Security , Site Backup Pro or Search Engine Jumpstart
Trust me .
You do n’t need SiteLock Domain Security , Site Backup Pro or Search Engine Jumpstart Click Next .
You will receive a confirmation in your email .
Step 2 : Install WordPress
WordPress is by far the most popular blogging platform out there .
And the best part is that you can install WordPress in a matter of just a few clicks on Blue Host
Go Back To Your Bluehost Control Panel Front Page .
If you forgot how to get to your control panel , Click Here
If you forgot how to get to your control panel , Click Here Click the icon that reads “ One Click Installs ” under the “ Website ” section in your cPanel .
Select WordPress To Be Installed
Click on the “ Install ” button
Enter Your Domain
Enter In Your Blog Username And Password
Click “ Install ” .
Now WordPress has been uploaded to your domain !
Navigating WordPress
To sign into your WordPress account , all you have to do is type the following url into your browser
yourdomain.com/wp-admin
Login with the username and password you selected during installation .
Click “ Add New Post ” and begin blogging !
There Are Many Different Ways To Make Money Online
Whether you decide to build an ecommerce store or start a blog , just keep in mind that there are many different ways to make money online .
Overall , your decision should be based on how much money you are willing to invest and your time frame to profitability .
If you are interested in starting an ecommerce store , I would recommend starting with at least $ 500 .
And once again , sign up for my free 6 day mini course if you want a good overview of the process .
If you are unsure about what business you want to start or if you do n’t have the funds , then start blogging and building your audience now !
By creating a loyal following , you are paving the way for your future .
Good luck !
photo credit : Poetry in Motion
Ready To Get Serious About Starting An Online Business ?
If you are really considering starting your own online business , then you have to check out my free mini course on How To Create A Niche Online Store In 5 Easy Steps .
In this 6 day mini course , I reveal the steps that my wife and I took to earn 100 thousand dollars in the span of just a year .
Best of all , it 's free and you 'll receive weekly ecommerce tips and strategies !
Note :
This post above may contain affiliate links , which means that I may receive a commission if you make a purchase when clicking a link .
Please consult our privacy policy for more information .
Have you read these ?
Aujourd ’hui , à l ’ère des nouvelles technologies , l’internet est devenu le moyen le plus simple et efficace pour communiquer et proposer des prestations .
Si vous avez …
The Tory Party has written to firms involved in bidding for ID card contracts and told them to think long and hard before signing anything .
Chris Grayling , shadow Home Secretary , told Radio 4 's
Today programme that firms should think before committing cash and other resources to bidding , preparing for work or signing contracts .
He said he was aware of possible " poison pill " provisions within contracts which might make them difficult to break .
He warned IT firms not to sign long - term contracts for a project likely to be abandoned by any Tory government .
Grayling said he was concerned at hints made by ex-Home Secretary ' Wacky ' Jacqui Smith that there were provisions in the contracts to make scrapping the scheme more difficult .
He said it was a costly scheme which the UK could not afford and warned companies to be cautious .
Asked if the ID card scheme had a real future regardless of whether the Tories win the next election , Grayling said there were mixed messages coming from new Home Secretary Alan Johnson .
The relevant clip from the Today programme is here .
The most recent contract win was by money maker De La Rue which will make the cards in exchange for £ 400m .
IBM and CSC have won contracts for the database and the application process .
The full text of the letter is on the next page .
( CNN ) --
A former California police officer accused of sexually assaulting a motorist during a traffic stop pleaded guilty in federal court , federal prosecutors said Friday .
Federal prosecutors charged Feliciano Sanchez with deprivation of rights under color of law .
Feliciano Sanchez , 34 , admitted in court Thursday that while on duty on May 16 , 2007 , he pulled over a female driver in a traffic stop and forced her to perform oral sex on him , according to a news release from U.S. Attorney Thomas O'Brien , who heads the office for the Central District .
Sanchez , then of Los Angeles County 's Bell Police Department , stopped the woman for speeding or weaving down the road , said central California U.S. attorney spokesman Thom Mrozek , citing court documents .
After learning the woman , identified as R.H. in court documents , did not have a driver 's license with her , Sanchez told her he suspected her of drinking and her car would be towed , Mrozek said .
Sanchez offered to drive R.H. to her job , but instead drove her to the parking lot of an auto repair outlet in Bell , Mrozek said .
Sanchez placed his hand on his gun and forced her to perform sex on him in his patrol car , Mrozek said .
Afterward , Sanchez drove R.H. to her work place , Mrozek said .
" Officer Sanchez brutalized a person he had sworn to serve , " O'Brien said in the release .
" As a result of his criminal conduct , Mr. Sanchez now faces a substantial amount of time in federal prison .
His conduct eroded public confidence in law enforcement and cast a pall over his former colleagues who obey the law , proudly working to preserve public safety . "
Federal prosecutors charged Sanchez with a civil rights violation , according to the release .
The crime carries a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison upon sentencing .
Sanchez has been held without bond since his arrest in May 2007 , Mrozek said .
Sanchez 's sentencing is scheduled for November 18 .
Sanchez resigned as an officer after his indictment , Bell Police Department Capt .
Anthony Miranda said .
Miranda said Sanchez 's case was a first for the department .
" We were in shock , and actually , disbelief , " he said .
All About Sexual Offenses • Los Angeles County
I have no idea whether this comic actually makes sense .
All I know is I could not stop laughing as I drew the last panel .
That is usually a good sign ?
See you Monday .
As Goldman Sachs posts huge profits from the economic crisis , the question is : Did it cause the problems in the first place ?
No name is more ubiquitous in the pantheon of global finance than that of Goldman Sachs .
At a time when world commerce and banking has been brought to a shuddering halt by greed , excess and foolishness , this investment bank provoked astonishment and disgust this week by handing out record bonuses .
It was revealed that the bank 's 29,400 staff - including about 5,500 based in the firm 's plush marbled London headquarters on Fleet Street - are each in line for bonuses averaging £ 475,000 this year .
While Britain and the rest of the world is struggling with record levels of unemployment and when governments are battling to find better ways of curbing banks ' profligacy , this is an obscene amount of money .
The Goldman Sachs office in Fleet Street London :
Was this one of the places that caused the credit crunch ?
It is an old City adage that when someone makes a big loss on the financial markets , there must always also be a big winner .
And that is certainly true of the bank that was founded in 1869 in New York by the German immigrant Marcus Goldman and his son - in - law Samuel Sachs .
Of course , Goldman Sachs 's bosses would like us to believe that it has come out on top , during the worst financial catastrophe since the Great Depression of the Thirties , through sheer brilliance .
Certainly , it seems to have an ability to capture the best and the brightest of every generation .
But like a bookmaker who enjoys a special relationship with one horse - racing trainer , Goldman has proved highly skilled at fixing the odds .
Old boys network : Chairman Lloyd Blankfein
The bank 's employees make so much money in their early careers that alumni are able to ' retire ' in their 40s and go into what the current chairman Lloyd Blankfein described to me as ' public service ' or giving back something to society .
This , one hastens to add , does not mean working in the soup kitchens of Deptford or among the starving millions in sub-Saharan Africa .
Instead it means filling the top jobs in the Treasuries , central banks and stock exchanges around the world where , like members of a secret society , they are able to ensure the wealth of the next generation of Goldmanites .
The tentacles of this operation reach right into the heart of Washington .
It is no coincidence that President Barack Obama 's chief - of - staff , Rahm Emanuel , who shaped much of the bail - out plan and stimulus package which has helped to save America - and Goldman Sachs - from ruin , served his time inside the hallowed walls of the bank .
So did President Bush 's last Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson , the nervy , shaven - headed financier who decided that rival investment bank Lehman Brothers should be allowed to go under last September and who then persuaded Congress to cough up $ 700 bn worth of rescue funds for America 's banks - an estimated $ 5 bn chunk of which ( yes , you guessed it ) went to Goldman Sachs .
In a searing analysis of Goldman Sachs 's survival strategy down the generations , the American writer Matt Taibbi of Rolling Stone magazine has described the firm as ' a great vampire squid wrapped around the face of humanity , relentlessly jabbing its blood funnel into anything that smells like money ' .
Taibbi's thesis is simple and he sets it out in meticulous , if one - sided , detail - written with a fury not seen in the more conventional financial press .
According to him , Goldman Sachs is at the heart of all that has gone wrong with Anglo - Saxon capitalism .
' Manipulation '
He alleges that it has been ' manipulating whole economic sectors for years , moving the dice game as this or that market collapses , and all the time gorging itself on the financial vicissitudes that are breaking families everywhere - high petrol prices , rising consumer credit rates , devalued pension funds , mass lay - offs , future taxes to pay off bail - outs . '
In other words , Goldman Sachs is to blame for many of our ills , ranging from the surging cost of petrol to the collapse in value of pension funds and the stock market , as well as other investments which have suffered big losses .
Certainly , there can be no dispute that while much of the world is being devastated by falling trade and reduced living standards and when governments are faced with the biggest debt mountains in history , Goldman Sachs is living high off the hog .
The group 's earnings in the past three months alone were $ 3.44 billion - 65 per cent up on the same period last year .
As the financial crisis unfolded , the fingerprints of Goldman Sachs have been seen on almost everything that has happened .
Along with the other Wall Street investment houses , it was at the centre of the scandal under which sub - prime mortgages - provided to the lowest echelons of American society - were packaged up as solid investments with a good return and sold on to unsuspecting investors .
Goldman even went as far as to buy a couple of brokerage firms who sold these corrupt mortgages ' so that it better understood how the market worked ' .
Having helped to create a market in which it underwrote $ 76.5 bn of sub - prime mortgages , it sold off these broker firms which meant it had protected itself from huge losses when the mortgage market went bad .
Cynical U-turn
It also made a cynical policy U - turn and gambled on the markets that the value of the toxic debt , some of it even sold on to its own clients and associates , would fall in value .
It did this by taking out large scale insurance , known as a hedge , so as to protect itself against losses .
Thus it made billions by having its cake and eating it .
By doing so , it stole a march on its rivals and saw competitors such as Morgan Stanley , who had become loaded with unsupportable debts , almost crash .
We in Britain should not be surprised by such apparently sharp practices .
Here , Goldman Sachs has a record of managing to extricate itself from even the most tangled of webs .
For example , it was criticised by Department of Trade inspectors in 2001 for its ' substantial responsibility ' for allowing the great swindler Robert Maxwell to manipulate stock markets during the flotation of his master company , the Maxwell Communications Corporation .
The bank 's limp response was to blame the dead crook saying it had been ' intentionally and successfully deceived ' .
Yet despite this unseemly episode , New Labour 's luminaries have remained inextricably linked to Goldman Sachs .
The bank 's former chief economist and partner Gavyn Davies , who is married to Gordon Brown 's special adviser Sue Nye , was made chairman of the BBC .
His successor as chief economist at Goldman , the late David Walton , was handed a seat on the Bank of England 's interest - rate setting Monetary Policy Committee .
Then , when Northern Rock became the first bank to run into trouble in autumn 2007 , Gordon Brown hired Goldman Sachs to assess the firms who were queuing up to buy the collapsed bank .
It was on Goldman Sachs 's advice that Brown , after more than six months of dithering , decided that there was no alternative but to nationalise the Newcastle - based mortgage lender .
But Goldman Sachs 's influence over Britain 's economic and political establishment is only a fraction of the power it exercises over the American and global elite .
The bank has been at the epicentre of the decline , fall and rescue of America 's financial system over the past year .
The architect of the contentious taxpayer bail - out of Wall Street was former Goldman Sachs chief executive Hank Paulson .
He also decided to put the giant mortgage lenders Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac under ' government conservatorship ' ( the equivalent of public ownership ) - in a bid to rescue the housing market and stop America 's financial system crashing over the edge .
Then , when investment bank Lehman Brothers collapsed , Paulson took the decision to bail out American Insurance Group ( AIG ) which , through its London office , had insured trillions of dollars of toxic assets using a new kind of financial instrument known as a ' credit default swap ' .
Old boys network
Thanks to less scrupulous financial regulations in London , much of the trade in these dodgy insurance contracts moved to Britain after Goldman Sachs , among other firms , had failed to persuade the U.S. financial regulator that they were safe .
The rescue of AIG was critical for Paulson 's old firm Goldman Sachs because it had insured many of the toxic loans issued by the bank .
As soon as AIG received its hand - out from the U.S. Treasury , Goldman Sachs benefited from the pay - out on these contracts to the tune of $ 13bn .
Crucially , this rescue package enabled Goldman Sachs to survive at a critical point when its share price was tumbling and when there were concerns that it might even join investment banks Bear Stearns and Lehman on the fatality list .
Elsewhere , other Goldman alumni were also being well looked after .
Citigroup , which would receive an astonishing $ 300 bn bail - out from Paulson , was chaired by none other than former Goldman Sachs chairman Robert Rubin , Bill Clinton 's former Treasury Secretary .
The richest man in the Clinton White House , he never lost his appetite for making money - having been paid $ 126 m by Citigroup before being removed in January with a $ 30 m pay - off .
Ex -Goldman Sachs staff have found themselves in the White House
Elsewhere , former Goldman Sachs employees were on huge financial packages in the months before their firms collapsed .
When the North Carolina bank Wachovia ran into difficulty , its chairman , the former Goldman Sachs executive Robert Steel , naturally hired his old firm to advise it what to do .
Eventually , it was sold to California - based Wells Fargo , and Steel and his team of executives , like rats , managed to leave the sinking ship clutching golden handshakes worth $ 225 m .
Another example of the Goldman old boys ' network looking after itself was when Hank Paulson saved his former colleague John Thain , the boss of Merrill Lynch , from ignominy by handing him a large chunk of government money and a takeover rescue by Bank of America .
Typically insensitive to the public mood , Thain promptly disgraced himself by spending millions of dollars of taxpayers ' money kitting out his office with various luxuries such as an $ 87,000 handmade rug .
Despite this grotesque exhibition of excess , he eventually left the firm , demanding a $ 10 m payout .
The tentacles of Goldman Sachs 's ' great vampire squid ' are not restricted to the private sector .
Other alumni are employed by government bodies where they make key decisions on the series of financial bailouts .
These include the President of the New York Federal Reserve ( the operational arm of the American central bank ) , the bosses of the Canadian and Italian central banks and the head of the New York Stock Exchange .
And last , but not least , is the President of the World Bank , Bob Zoellick , a former senior banker at Goldman Sachs , currently involved in an unprecedented lending programme designed to help those poor countries hit by the credit crisis - which , ironically , Goldman Sachs helped cause by destabilising the financial system .
Kings of the meltdown
In any analysis of the web of high - level connections that Goldman Sachs managed to build up over the decades , it is not hard to see why it has come out of the financial crash as the king of post - meltdown Wall Street .
What 's more it has shown a nasty habit of turning the tables on the very clients whose interests it is supposed to be looking after .
For example , during the dotcom boom of the early part of this decade , Goldman Sachs was at the forefront of bringing dozens of new technology and online firms to the stock market .
Several of these companies turned out to be duds .
Those Goldmans Sachs clients which had invested heavily in these firms lost huge sums when the boom turned to bust .
One of the questionable techniques used by Goldman Sachs to keep the flow of these dotcom offerings going was to offer special incentives to directors by allowing them to buy shares at preferential prices - a practice known as ' spinning ' .
Eventually , Goldman Sachs was forced to concede this two - tier system was wrong and had to settle with New York regulators by quietly paying $ 110 m to settle market manipulation charges .
Goldman Sachs 's greatest triumph of all , however , has been to emerge from the credit crisis not only unscathed , but extravagantly enriched - despite having to be bailed out itself .
It has achieved this by a mixture of guile and influence .
In the wake of the Lehman collapse , Goldman Sachs was also facing the precipice .
Its share price was plunging and it had to take any help it could get .
This , of course , came from its former boss Hank Paulson .
He allowed both Goldman and Morgan Stanley to change their status from broker - dealers to bank holding companies .
This meant that Goldman could borrow directly from the U.S. central bank , the Federal Reserve , and shore up its business as money drained away .
It also was forced to allow the taxpayer to take a $ 5 bn stake in the company .
Just how good is Goldman Sachs for the world economy ?
Rather than let the public restrict its ability to make money for itself , Goldman Sachs significantly set about paying the money back early this year .
This flouted the principle of ' moral hazard ' under which bankers and businesses are expected to pay the price for their mistakes .
If the government is always there to pick up the pieces when things go wrong , then the bankers can gamble with impunity knowing they will not suffer the consequence of their mistakes .
Freed from government obligations , the sharks could start looking for more prey .
The profit opportunities left by the credit crisis were too good to miss .
With its rivals almost all eliminated , any big corporation looking for financial services had virtually no where else to turn but to Goldmans Sachs .
Huge profits were made from this advice , from mergers and takeovers , and from trading in foreign exchange and commodities such as oil , where Goldman Sachs has been among the principle speculators .
The paradox is that Goldman Sachs had come as close to destruction as at any time in its long history .
Indeed , the boast from its chairman , Lloyd Blankfein , to me ( at a briefing session for London - based writers ) that the firm had enough liquidity to withstand almost anything , turned out to be poppycock .
Even now , Goldman Sachs could not be operating at its current velocity without the help of the trillions of dollars being flushed through the financial system by central banks including the Federal Reserve and the Bank of England .
Because of its friends in the highest places of global finance , no one even dares question the notion that what is good for Goldman Sachs is good for the global economy .
That , I suspect , is a precept that is going to be increasingly challenged .
© All Rights Reserved .
Please do not distribute without written permission from Damn Interesting .
There was a time when comic books were just that – comic – with the likes of Mutt and Jeff and Mickey Mouse .
But by the mid-1930 ’s new comics with characters like Dick Tracy and Flash Gordon which were filled with adventure and a little violence started to appear .
With the arrival of Superman in 1939 the funny papers just were n’t funny anymore .
And to some they were getting steamy and way too rough .
A charge was leveled against comic books that would be repeated decades later against television , movies , music and video games .
An editorial by renowned Chicago Daily News literary editor Sterling North said the following about comics on May 8 , 1940 :
“ Badly drawn , badly written and badly printed – a strain on the young eyes and young nervous systems – the effect of these pulp - paper nightmares is that of a violent stimulant .
Their crude blacks and reds spoil a child ’s natural sense of color ; their hypodermic injection of sex and murder make the child impatient with better , though quieter , stories .
Unless we want a coming generation even more ferocious than the present one , parents and teachers throughout America must band together to break the comic magazine . ”
Still comics continued to explode in popularity through out and beyond World War 2 .
With the likes of Batman , Superman and Captain America , comics were selling 60 million copies a month .
But one man was about to bring the old criticisms of comic books back to life .
His name was Dr. Frederic Wertham , a German immigrant psychiatrist .
Wertham had been helpful in the 1920 ’s of proving the then novel idea that a patient ’s environment should be taken in consideration before diagnosing treatment .
He also did a series of lectures and testimonies before state legislates about the evils of school segregation .
His article , “ Psychological Effects of School Segregation ” was submitted as evidence in the historic “ Brown vs. The Board of Education ” Supreme Court case that helped to end segregation .
Wertham worked with troubled teenagers and noticed that many of them were avid readers of comic books .
Upon looking into the books he was deeply troubled by their content of gory violence and lurid sex .
In 1948 he addressed a psychiatric convention and claimed that comics were creating a new and large group of juvenile delinquents .
In the late 40 ’s magazines like Time and Look were criticizing comics for their “ degeneration ” .
There were towns that staged mass comic book burnings and others enacted laws to control and censor comic books .
Canadian lawmakers banned the publication of “ crime comics ” .
The U.S. Senate became involved in 1950 when a special committee was formed to investigate the link between comic books and organized crime .
Comics were often blamed for crime as delinquent teenagers would claim that comics had influenced them .
The cry against comics became a fury when Wertham published his bestselling book Seduction of the Innocent .
In the book Wertham claimed that Batman and Robin were “ a wish dream of two homosexuals living together ” and that Wonder Woman was a “ lesbian counterpart of Batman ” .
He was critical of Superman for giving kids the idea that they could fly .
But Wertham ’s real attack came against a new generation of crime and horror comics , especially the gruesome creations of William Gaines .
Gaines through his EC Comics had created a series of horror comics with titles like “ Tales of the Crypt ” and “ The Vault of Horror ” .
They would be considered extremely bloody even by today ’s standards .
Wertham was a media darling , writing for popular magazines and speaking around the country .
When Congress again took an interest in his critique in 1954 , Wertham was the star witness , appearing before the Senate Subcommittee to Investigate Juvenile Delinquency .
The only representative of the comics industry to testify was Gaines .
The subcommittee investigation was a disaster for the comic book industry .
The following testimony between Senator Estes Kefauver and Gaines was especially damaging :
KEFAUVER ( holding up an especially gory EC Comic title ) : “ This seems to be a man with a bloody ax holding a woman ’s head up , which has been severed from her body .
Do you think that is in good taste ? ”
GAINES : “ Yes sir , I do for the cover of a horror comic .
A cover in bad taste might be defined as holding the head higher so that the blood could be seen dripping from it . ”
KEFAUVER : “ You ’ve got blood coming out of her mouth ”
GAINES : “ A little . ”
Gaines did n’t tell the Senator he had rejected the bloodier version of the cover when it was presented to him earlier .
To avoid government censorship , just like the entertainment industry of today , comic book producers were forced to draw up a self imposed code of standards .
It was called the Comics Code Authority and it ’s stamp on the corner of a comic book would certify that the comic book was safe for America ’s kids .
The code restricted sex and violence , forbade the criticism of religion , the use of slang words and a long list of other unacceptable practices .
Many distributors would not carry a comic book without the code appearing on it .
Gaines waged a number of battles with the Comics Code Authority , in an attempt to keep his magazines free of censorship during the later days of EC .
One notable incident involved his threatening the members of the Comics Code Authority board with a lawsuit after being ordered to alter the climactic scene of a science fiction story , so that one of the characters would not be seen sweating .
Eventually EC
Comics disappeared along with many other comic book publishers .
Marvel Comics ( then called Atlas Comics ) was almost forced to fold and DC Comics became a shadow of its former self .
But William Gaines had the last laugh . . . literally .
When Gaines canceled the EC line he saved one magazine .
It survived because it did n’t look like a comic book , so it was n’t a target⁠⁠ — which did n’t mean children were n’t reading it .
Its name was Mad Magazine and today it survives , 50 years after it ’s creation .
However , it would take the 60’s to arrive before the so - called Silver Age of comics would begin .
They did so with such titles as Spiderman and The Justice League of America .
And virtually every comic displayed the CCA Seal of Approval .
Wertham continued to rail against teenage violence through the 50’s and 60’s .
He did make an appearance at a comic book convention in 1973 where he found out that fans have a long memory .
They booed him off the stage claiming he had “ killed ” comics back in the 50’s .
He died in 1981 .
Today we have graphic novels and comic books that are considered to be in the Platinum Age .
And the Code itself is still around if you look hard for it .
I went looking for it recently at a supermarket magazine rack and there it was on only two comics ; Archie and The Powerpuff Girls .
They were sitting together right next to Mad Magazine .
